user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007134206,Recommended,406290,22517860,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,IradSyneri,"Twilight Struggle like Poker: few minutes to learn, a lifetime to master.TO NEWBIES / PPLS THAT NEVER PLAYED THE GAME:Twilight Struggle is not the easiest game to catch and play, you won't enjoy it until you've an idea of what you'are doing considering the main strategy course.My suggestion are:* Play vs IA a lot, and ignore the result of the game.* Read documentation and strategy on Internet.* Prefer USSR in your first games, and give NO additional influence to US (+1 US is the actual standard indeed).During the match:* Play for the points - Always think which area will be scored. If Europe scoring is gone, don't overfocus yourself on Europe. If you have a scoring card of a region where you are weak and you reasonably think your oppo can overwhelm you there, headline it for limiting his score.* Do your best for using your event cards as Operation instead of events - They'll be back in reshuffle hopefully flooding opponent hand.* Consider when play an oppo event - You'll have to do it, just decide when is the best moment for eliminate from the game that card minimizing the effects.* Consider space race an emergency option - you will not place influence but neither activate the oppo event, but it will be back sooner or later.Time after time you'll understand that there are some etabilished standards:* Luck and Unluck with dices and draws are almost ininfluent - you must plan a strategy simulating you'll fail premium rolls, and then enjoy every improvement. Do something ""desperate"" only if you have no other options. And if you have no other options, you've probably had some misplay before.* USSR will be aggressive and advantaged in Early War, US will be very strong in Late.* USSR will try to end game at +20 pts in Mid War, US will close the game in Late War or Turn 10 end scoring.* USSR Turn1, ActionRound 1 will be on 90% of times: Coup Iran , with a 3 or 4 op card. Generically USSR appreciate Coup every turn as 1st action to degrade and keep Defcon 2 for prohibiting USA Coups in Battlegrounds: logically USSR will avoid to have Non-Battleground cheap countries, so USA will be pressed by Lack of Military OPS.* You'll play for points but also a step forward - you'll spend some, if able, for take advantage for later scoring, and for later event (i.e.: USSR will ""Always"" be interested in Middle East due to OPEC Card effect) having a better vision of the game.* You'll thing about creative tactics like Coup Italy instead of Iran, if you have proper cards to Red-Color Europe; you'll understood that Thailand will be an hot place, that having Pakistan and India in the same time without having their war card in hand can be a problem, and many many many other considerations.* In the meanwhile have some games playing US, to see the other side of the game and have a deep, complete view of the game, and unlocking it's way to play with clear ideas.If you are a gamer that stay on-pause thinking about what to do, Twilight Struggle will be like sitting in front of a fire tasting a good Armagnac. And you'll never have a game like the previous one.Ah, don't forget to play versus human opponents during your learning curve - IA will NEVER be smart, insidious and challenging as another TS player.If you'll be enough patient and appassionate to appreciate the game, your €/£/$ will be very well repaid."
,Recommended,406290,32784507,Posted: 25 June,all,Pewt,"It's Twilight Struggle online.If you haven't played the board game, I don't think I'd recommend this until you try it. It's a board game for a very particular audience, and given that this is just a straight-up digital version of that game, you won't like this if you don't like the board game. The rest of my review will assume you're already familiar with the game.I'm also going to include a review of the DLC in here because I think it's one of the biggest incentives to pick up this version if you're interested, and therefore if you aren't interested in any of it that's something worth keeping in mind.--I think this is about as faithful of an adaptation of TS as you're likely to get. The rules are all there, and you'll likely even learn a few things you didn't know about the rules, or at least how playdek interprets them, in edge cases.The implementation of the base game itself is about as faithful as is possible. There are a few interface oversights which are to some extent inevitable when porting this to a computer, such as the fact that there's no confirmation request for headline events and in general the ability to 'take back' cards is somewhat inconsistent in my experience (for example, I don't see any downside to being able to take back an opponent event I put down if the opponent hasn't actually made any decisions yet). However, after a game or two getting used to the interface it'll feel pretty natural.The AI is pretty awful and more or less just makes random decisions, but I don't think any of us really intended to play against it anyways. It might be good for showing the mechanics to new players but you'll want to go online as soon as possible.DLC comments follow:Turn Zero and the alternative Space Race track are both here from the collectors' edition, for those of us who didn't snag a copy in the kickstarter. Honestly, I'm not a fan of either. Turn Zero is highly random and tends to be imbalanced enough that you know who's likely to win the game before the first turn, which can be demoralizing and make you question whether it's worth playing everything else out. The Space Race track changes the game dynamic in a very strange way, turning the Space Race track from something which largely exists as a black hole for bad events into a very powerful track: in particular, calling Eagle/Bear has Landed 'comically overpowered' is the understatement of the century. I don't think I like this, given how random advancement on the track can be.On the other hand, the promo cards they added are very solid. The chance of unavoidable defcon suicide has gone from ""almost nothing"" to ""slighty more than almost nothing"" due to the addition of two more suicide cards, but all in all the new events are fun and I think they help balance the game somewhat. I'm not a huge fan of the fan-made solution to balance problems in the base game being giving the US extra influence at the game start since it leads to some goofy situations, such as a turn 1 middle east scoring headline for the US being a huge VP swing due to nothing but luck, so this is a very nice alternative. The one problem is if you play with optional cards as well (which you probably want to, since they're also good as anyone who plays TS knows) you will likely not have a turn 7 reshuffle, which has a massive effect on how the game plays out. It would be nice to see some sort of deckbuilding feature: I don't think anyone would miss Summit too much, for example.First Lightning is very poorly worded and will take you one or two tries to get the hang of, but given how many gotchyas there are in the base game this should be par for the course for veterans."
,Recommended,406290,22406877,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,cracklin_tatah,"I kinda wish the computer was more deliberate in its choices - like I wish the game would pause at every single choice. ""I play this card for the OPs points, and now I play these points in these countries, etc."" It takes me a minute to understand what exactly the computer has done. When I play with friends, we all talk about what we're doing, and we all make sure we're all on the same page before moving to the next step in the turn.Other than that - faithful interpretation of the board game. I am so happy to be able to play this on PC."
76561198035445715,Recommended,406290,23458046,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,HURR1CANE08,"Have you played the board game? If yes, then you will love this version.Have you ever wanted to play the board game? Buy the board game.The strength of this version is the speed. No setup time, no dealing and reshuffling cards, no bickering over dice results, no placing tiles. This is AWESOME for experienced players. However... doing all those little things TEACHES you the game. For example, reshuffles are a critical element of the game and actually doing it with your own two hands shows you why. A milisecond of image on a screen doesn't have the same effect.Aside from this, there are some graphical changes that could clear things up, but it's a fantastic game nonetheless.9/10 for Veterans.7/10 for Newbies."
76561198006438234,Recommended,406290,22494664,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Anshou,"I really like this game as a board game, but as a video game, it removes all the fiddly and remembers the few rules I get wrong in the physical version. This game is intense. AS the USSR, you need to pummel the US into submission within the first few turns before the USA gets their legs. USA has to do damage control before the USSR wrecks them and then turn the tide when they get the right moment. This game will make you cry and feel like the whole world is crashing down around you as make good hard heartwrenching decisions that hopefully keeps you alive to fight another round.This is the Cold War in a box. I cannot wait to play more of it."
,Recommended,406290,28252991,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Professor Q,"THIS GAME HAS EMAIL PLAY. I wanted to put this at the top of my review because I think it's an excellent reason alone to try this game out.  You can start up a game of Twilight Struggle and the game will email your friend - and visa versa - every time after you finish your turn. This makes it fantastic for that friend with whom you find it impossible to schedule gaming time.So what is Twilight Struggle? It's a 2 player board game about counterplay. Like a historical game of chess with a healthy dose of luck mixed in.One side takes the Capitalist Eagle of the United States, and the other takes the Communist Bear of the Soviet Union. But, since this is a cold war, the goal of the game isn't to conquer your enemy, but rather to influence the minds of the nations to favor your idealism instead of your opponent's. The way this is accomplished mechanically is an example of masterful game design. While there is a dice system that can muck up the flow of game, and the cards are divided randomly, I believe that there are always enough options to allow for the kind of bluffing and mind-gaming you could otherwise only find in a poker game - or in the actual cold war.While I think this kind of game would be best played live when you can see the other person's face, playing it through a message system is also delightfully thematic to what this game is trying to replicate. And, there are ingenious levels of misdirection that can be had through just the mechanics alone.I can't recommend this game enough - especially considering how easy this game is to play if you have any willing friends.5 out of 5"
,Recommended,406290,22440282,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,THE WISEST HUMAN,"EDIT: 4/26/16They fixed the bug I was concerned about, so there are no problems with bugs now.ORIGINAL:Twilight Struggle is a highly revered board game in the niche community of avid board gamers, and so I and many other board gamers were excited when we heard the game was coming to Steam. For those new to Twilight Struggle, it's a board game that masterfully captures the suspense of the Cold War, and allows for many strategic choices. Thankfully, it's a decent port.Pros:Excellent board gameGood online functionalityTimeframe options allow for asynchronus multiplayer (Think a chess clock: each player can get 30 minutes, an hour, etc. all the way up to 45 days to make moves)Internal friends list functionality with multiplayerTutorial is pretty good, and can allow the uninitiated to ease themselves into the game's rulesCompetent AI for offline multiplayerElo systme for ranking multiplayer playersCons:UI has some small bugs, which will likely be worked out in future patches (nothing game-breaking)Makes you make a 3rd party account, though this account is unintrusive in the game (not as bad as UPlay)Games are somewhat long, though you can alter time settings to make this a non-issue"
76561198044075114,Recommended,406290,22404476,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,sepand,"Great game, I bought the game  even without playing the board game but I love this game. You would feel the tension of the cold war by trying to play the right card or action. And its way cheaper than the board game and you could play with your friends over the internet.10/10"
,Recommended,406290,32265852,Posted: 8 June,all,pavig,"I can see why the cardboard version of this spent many years at the top of the boardgamegeek lists. The mechanics of this game are impeccable. This pc conversion and the tablet version are very nice translations  of the classic game, and recommended to anyone fond of 1v1 area control or hand management games.Twilight struggle may initially appear to be a wargame, but is very different to traditional wargames in that there are no troops and it it predominantly about influence management and intrigue. Your hand consists of cards based on cold-war events which can be payed for map control points or historical effects, and many of the cards you play will have positive effects for your opponent regardless. As such you are playing against your own hand as much as your foe. It creates an awkward tug of war between provocation and damage control, evocative of a political era characterized by superpowers pushing each other to the brink of nuclear annihilation in a struggle for dominance.It is this vibe that makes it truly great, and I think gives it much wider appeal than even related classics like Risk and Diplomacy. It is a bit ""euro"" though, which may be intimidating in a cardboard version for the uninitiated, but this pc version has nailed the quality of life and help systems to ease learning.So if you like board games, political games such as Paradox Studio titles, or want to try a wargame of a very different style, give it a go."
76561198035163102,Recommended,406290,22403934,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Giorgio,"Great realisation of a fantastic boardgame which made me write my first review ever. AI is still in need of polishing, but does fine for the beginner player."
76561197971985831,Recommended,406290,22768219,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Glacier,"This isn't a review of the game itself; there are plenty of extreamely indepth and well thought discussions onboardgamegeek.comHowever, this videogame adaptation is fantastic. There were a couple of bugs shortly after the release but after a quickly released patch I havn't had any trouble. The ui is well put together and understandable, the ai is decent, and the multiplayer system works quite well.Coming from someone who loves the physical boardgame, I highly recommend this."
76561197991814374,Recommended,406290,22511430,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Aditia Holdem,"OK, I never play complex board games. I dislike the time consuming nature of them,This game provides you the opportunity to enjoy the fun and challenge of a proper turn based strategy board game, without the hassle of organizing a play date, arguing about rules and fiddling with pieces. At a very cheap price!Online match making is also very easy and highly recommended.If you are a 'thinking' gamer, do yourself a favor and pick this up."
76561198007858295,Recommended,406290,23093577,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Albiknows,"Great conversion from board to pc. Moves are sometimes hard to follow but you can always look at the bottom to see what happened during the last move of a player.Don't buy it for the AI though because its just dumb. For example as USSR just wait for the blockade card and conquer Europe without resistance, turn 2 win every time.The turorial is also a little short so steep learning curve if you have never played the game before.Luckily it comes with online multiplayer so you can play it against quality players almost all the time! (you can set timers to 30 minutes, 1 hour, 4 hours, 1 3 7 21 45 days,  per player. So you know how long a game can max last)If you know the board game and want to play it more often / all the time than this conversion is great for you!"
76561197974554973,Recommended,406290,28866223,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Erg0,"BUYTHISGAMEReading many of the negative reviews, peopple have no idea about the rules. There are no major bugs. Yes the AI is not brilliant, but will help you learn the game enough to take it into multiplayer, which is where this game shines, making use of of asyncronous play (with built in email notifications)."
,Recommended,406290,28475522,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Muckknuckle,"I'm going to write two reviews, one for fans of the board game of which this is an adaptation, and one for people who have no experience with TS at all.If you have never played TS before, I highly recommend you play against a human opponent (preferably one who is a competent player) before you try going up against the AI. You'll have a few moments of fun, for sure, and if that's all you're looking for you would probably get a better value for your money elsewhere. But in the process of having that fun against the AI, you'll learn all kinds of bad habits which, ultimately, will make you a worse TS player. I recommend definitely should NOT buy this game UNLESS you have a friend to play against, but if you do, then I think you SHOULD consider buying it.With that out of the way, what is TS actually like? I won't go into specifcs on the game mechanics here, but to put it succinctly: it is The Cold War in board game form. It comes with all of that period of history's intrigue, machiavellian logic and blatant disregard for human decency or anything other than crushing communist/capitalist scum. Prepare to feel nothing but smug satisfaction as you sacrifice entire countries like pawns in a global chess match, causing decades of brutal civil war and untold human misery in the quest to contain your enemy. If you're of the liberal tree-hugging sort, be prepared to throw away your CCR albums and lava lamps in disgust in favor of American flags and framed portraits of Ronald Reagan. If you think that socialism is a good idea but not good enough to justify Soviet imperialism, get ready to grow a Stalinesque mustache and enthusiastically applaud sending tanks into Hungary.This is my favorite board game of all time, and a serious contender for the best ever made. If you don't mind getting so involved in a 3+ hour game that your mental well-being becomes dependent on the outcome of a die roll, you should play TS.If you're a TS fan, your enjoyment of this game will depend on a few factors. If you're willing to overlook the AI occasionally doing things like Turn 1 headlining Indo-Pakistani War or trying to coup you out of Costa Rica with a 1 ops card, the singleplayer is a good way to sharpen your skills. However, the best part by far is the online functionality, allowing you to smoothly play matches across the internet utilizing a modern interface. It's also nice to have things like coup outcomes and realignment probabilities calculated automatically, and to be reminded about modifiers in effect. The software works very well so I think it was worth fifteen bucks."
76561198025114479,Not Recommended,406290,28604719,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Risa,"Let me get it straight. The boardgame is great. The electronic implementation of game rules is ok. But that's not enough. You need to play with an opponent, right? It fails here. AI is weak. So you have to play multiplayer. And that require you to register Playdek account, which in its term of use states it may require you to submit your name, address, and other privacy info. What the hell is that? Why do they think they can have access to such info?"
,Recommended,406290,22425552,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Biz,"This is an interesting 1v1 game with a pretty steep learning curve. The rules and cards aren't hard to comprehend - it's just that there are lots of them to memorize, and games are pretty long with lots to keep track of.The games are decided by 3 things: skill (most of which is experience/memorization), card-drawing luck, and dice-rolling luck.This game is less about strategy/simulation and more about probability-based calculation that relies on memorizing lots of events. The computer does help you see the probability distributions and visualize moves before committing to them so that finding good moves is easier. The interface is better as a result, but the actual game is still held back by being a board game.The optimal move has little to do with analyzing the situation and making a decision based on strategy - it's about minimizing your vulnerability to predetermined events that will happen in the future based on fixed event cards.For example, you have to avoid spending your moves building up a presence in Romania because there's a card that removes all your influence in Romania and gives it to your opponent. What makes Romania different from Bulgaria or Hungary? Nothing that actually matters in the gameplay rules or the map geography, and nothing that has to do with strategy or what the game is trying to simulate.The basic problem is that the event cards are completely predetermined (seemingly inspired by actual historical events). When you make moves that seem like they should exploit a weakness or create different opportunities, the game doesn't generate new or different event cards. The game doesn't recognize that the situations which allowed those historical events to happen might not exist in your game. It's just a digital version of a board game that has hard-coded events.Once you have memorized all those events, you can plan better and the game becomes more interesting. But there's still a huge luck component that will make the experience less rewarding and unnecessarily slow down the process of learning/improving.I'm not sure how balanced the two sides are. There are some options to handicap one of the sides, so there's probably a workaround for potential imbalance.It was a few hours of fun, so I'll ""recommend"" it assuming the multiplayer works well, but the AI doesn't seem to understand how to play for victory. I might play it more if the AI gets better, but I'm not convinced that multiplayer is worth the time to really learn.The computer version could have fixed the luck-based aspect and the hard-coded events with something better, but for matches that are as long as the ones in this game, I'd rather play something that's more skill-based. Maybe they did the best they could for a board game, but it's not the best option for a PC game that claims to be about strategy."
76561198030811071,Recommended,406290,23355201,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ma1809,"Not the best AI since it makes rather dumb mistake such as coup philippines as USSR AR1 in turn 1. The AI is good for someone who is learning the rules, but not anything else.Would still recommend since the game runs smoothly and does not crash after many hours of play. Hope they could patch the AI or let the community help."
76561198006514160,Not Recommended,406290,22633698,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Χαος,"As a Twillight Struggle veteran this game is decent in solo mode. The AI is not very sharp(plays defcon suicide cards all the time) but it will take many many games before a new player can match it.Thing is the multiplayer sucks. Plain and simple. For a fan who wanted to get a decent platform to play this game online this release is sad.The matchmaking system is not trying to establish a community around the game. It's useful only if you got friends who also got the game.Last but not least the game does not try to repair the few but existant problems (balancing without extra IP options, countries that exist but nobody in his right mind ever placed a single IP, like Sweden or Finland that seems like good idea but is never used) of the original game.All in all the price is really low and the solo mode can be really entertaining for a new player, still I cannot reccomend a game that I paid but have no interest in playing."
76561197988092362,Recommended,406290,22424330,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,MT,"This game was so long 1st place in world boardgame rating. And... it is awesome.Twilight Struggle is a Tension from big TTwilight Struggle is when you sit and think about how to moveTwilight Struggle is when each decision can be criticalTwilight Struggle is when you try to manage crisesTwilight Struggle is when you try to attack while defending, and try to defend while attackingTwilight Struggle is when luck can help you winTwilight Struggle is when you can win despite unluckTwilight Struggle is when you must predict your opponentTwilight Struggle is... best boardgame ever. And i can't get tired of it."
76561198003025074,Recommended,406290,23187679,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Lil_Git,"This game, as a boardgame, was my absolute No.1 favorite....much to the surprise of my husband.  Out of all the games we own this one is my pride and joy.  I love it.The other day my husband pointed out that it was now available on Steam.....he tells me this on a sunday..when I have an entire week of work coming up...so.... I bought it immediately and we played a LOT of games over the course of the day :D  Cannot wait for this weekend.The major difference between the PC version and the boardgame version is that it's a lot faster on the PC...no having to check rule books or spend ages pondering moves..I can view the entire board a lot more easily on the screen rather than when it's all laid out in front of me on the table...faster games mean a lot more play throughs...I think I played around 4 or 5 hours on sunday but that was quite a few games worth in those hours.  If you loved the boardgame then I see no reason why you wouldn't enjoy this version. 10/10"
,Recommended,406290,23097965,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,LousyG,"Good implementation of an outstanding board game. I found that the tutorial was a bit lacking; it failed to point out a few minor details in the rules. It took a number of playthroughs on my own (with some trial and error) to figure out all of the nuances. Reading the rulebook also helps. I do wish that there was a better in-game help system.But overall, the game is great. As a beginner, I felt that the AI was very challenging. I started out losing every game I played but over time found myself winning more and more. I'd say that now I'm around the 50% mark. I've heard some comlpain about the AI being too easy, but I find it to be just right for a non-expert like me.Despite the semi-lacking tutorial, I did find this to be a great way to learn the game."
76561198090233242,Recommended,406290,23060854,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,grosbil2,"Ok, it's a good adaptation of the cardboard game.It could have better graphics and I hope a patch will come soon...One thing needed urgently is an automatic victory if you opponent do nothing for a certain time, for exemple 5 or 10 minutes.For my first day online, 4 games played but in two of them my opponent disapeared and I had the message ""Waiting for Opponent to decide..."" and as I think you can have only an instance at time, you have to wait to gain the game.Please hurry :-)"
,Recommended,406290,24485243,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,kiberlep,"This game is purely amazing. One of the best implementations of a board game I have ever seen.Bot is somewhat sloppy, but it can be challenging for the new players. The best thing about it is you can learn how to play the game and encounter many subtle nuances and then challenge real live or online players.The online play is teeth grinding and as competitive as the real-live plays.The interface is intuitive and to-the-point. In any case, you can learn how to deal with cards in tutorial or offline modes.I bought the game the first day it became available on steam and play it quite often. I experienced some minor bugs during first weeks, but now even them are gone. I had never come across game crashing bugs though."
,Recommended,406290,22984447,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,margravedocula,"What a fantastic game!  I think the AI is really aggressive, but playing against another person is a blast.  For a casual game, play with a 7 day/player time limit, and really plan out your effort.This game is a blast.  A must buy for cold-war strategists."
,Recommended,406290,32211178,Posted: 5 June,all,DeafNinja,"I have loved this as a board game for a long time. The problem there is very few of my game groups like these kinds of games (or are setup for two players.) So this version is amazing and helps me scratch that ""Gotta play a game"" itch when I can't round up any friends.If you have ever seen the board game and have been interested, this is a great way to learn the mechanics and try and develop strategies.Highly recommended if you love board games, deep strategy games, or want to lose yourself for an hour or two in the depths of communist paranoia :)"
76561198079718466,Not Recommended,406290,27529132,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HuskofCorn,"The game has good core mechanics, but the A.I. often lowers the defcon to one and ends the game before you can win. This has happened to like 40% of my games, usually from them couping at defcon 2 or playing an event to lower the defcon. Overall, this A.I. is pretty dumb, so unless you are playing multiplayer, its best to just not get this game."
76561198030755099,Recommended,406290,22424048,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Cef,"TL;DR: You are getting one of the best strategy games of all time for $15 or less, when the normal board game version costs $40, and takes much longer to play than the digital version. If you like history even a little bit, or strategy games at all, I would highly recommend this game.Twilight Struggle is an incredible game where every move feels like it could be your last, every mistake is paid for dearly, and every minor victory feels so, so rewarding. This game features a 1v1 tactical deathmatch between the US and USSR during the Cold War, and each side tries to best the other by spreading their influence throughout the world. Play is mostly card based, and each player must decide which cards to play each turn to destroy their opponent: but not all cards are helpful to you, and the threat of global nuclear warfare constantly looms over you. This is probably the most intense and fun strategy game I have played, and seeing it finally brought to Steam is a blessing.PROS:- One of the best startegy games ever- I find the interface to be fairly good, save for a few hiccups- There is a pretty good tutorial for any newcomers- You can play online multiplayer or offline against an AI- The game gives you several options for modifying the base game, if that's your style- Atmoshpere, music, etc. is the best I could possibly imagine it to be for a Cold War strategy game like this- Tons of historical references for any history nerds out there- Considering the physical board game version of this is usually more than $40, and THAT price is worth it, $15 is pretty damn cheap- Taking over the world and nuclear warfare are ALWAYS funCONS:- This game has a pretty big learning curve, in my opinion. The tutorial is good, but you may have to play several games before you get the hang of things- I have noticed several minor glitches, usually when trying to get past a certain screen or when trying to click something, but I have found none of these to be game-ruining- May have to nag your friends to buy a copy if you want to play with someone you actually know- The AI takes a bit of time to make movesNEUTRAL:- Not sure if I just suck, but the AI seems to be pretty brutally difficult. Some people may like this, others not- This game does involve chance: picking up cards and rolling dice. Some people may like this in strategy games, other people might notOverall, I would definitely recommend this game. 10/10 board game, 10/10 strategy game, 7/10 video game. You will have a lot of fun spreading freedom as Murica, and a lot of fun killing capitalist pig-dogs as the commies. I think the asking price isn't bad, and I would definitiely pick this game up on sale.(Editted to fix spelling errors)"
,Recommended,406290,27785319,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ghostdragon,"""Twilight Struggle"" is the PC version of the board game of the same name. The aim: win the cold war in ten turns without making the cold war hot.Gameplay: you perform actions on a board based on cards you get. Sorry, there are no flashy lights and big next-gen explosions in here. Twilight Struggle requires a good deal of tactical thinking.A single game usually takes about 45-75 minutes, but the replayability of the game is very high.The AI is reasonably challenging for new players, while experienced players shouldn't find the AI overly troublesome.As a hint for new players: learn the game playing as the US, do not start as the USSR. The US is heavily disadvantaged early on but becomes much stronger the longer the game goes. Trying to survive the first three turns as the US teaches you much more than stampeding over the hapless AI as the USSR during those turns.https://twilightstrategy.com/offers a great deal of help and strategies."
76561198076420347,Recommended,406290,23528726,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,workingkidmh,"This is an awesome board game, especially if you happen to be a big history fan. As the description says, this is a board game that goes over several incidents that occured over the 45 years of cold war. Some of the events include the Cuban Missle Crisis, the formation of NATO, and the ""We Will Bury You"" speech. They also include a few events based off of a few movies such as ""How I Learned To Stop Worrying"" from ""Dr. Strangelove"" and ""War Games"" from the movie of the same name.The main trick to the game is to spread as much influence of your superpower to other nations, especially battleground nations. As the game moves on, certain regional scoring cards will enter player's hands that must be played by the end of the turn or that player will ""accidentally"" start a nuclear war, thus ending the game.There are several ways to spread influence in the game. Some cards have events that allow players to place influence on certain countries. They can either do what the card states or use its operation's value to place influence on or agacent to countries that have their influence. They also could use the cards to attempt realignments in other countries or coups. Coups are the most ideal way of removing opponent's influence while possibly placing your own afterwards. This is also a great way of performing necessary military operations to prevent loss of points at the end of a turn. But whenever a coup is performed in a battleground country, the defcon level will be decreased by one, adding limitations to both players as well as bringing the world closer to a potential nuclear war.Although I do have some dislikes with the A.I. at some times, this is still a very great adaptation of the board game, especially since there are almost always people to play with online. I'd strongly suggest this to any big fans of board games or any big cold war historians."
,Recommended,406290,26133216,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,coatesy,"I've owned the board game for a few years now, tried playing with my wife who very quickly walked away bored, probably due to all the rules that at the start seems like a lot of memorization, the PC game however takes all that need away by providing you with the information at the start of each turn and a VP score box located at the top. The board game can take hrs of work, which is good if you have that kind of patience, the PC version however runs smoothly so the game runs at a good pace, its basically up to you, the game could take hrs or under an hr, depending on how long you study each move or plan. The downsides of the game are in my opinion could be fixed with an update. ( and i hope they do )Firstly undoing a move, you have points available to spend but if you wanted to change your mind about a point used in a specific country the undo move removes all the points you've played with that card, so you have to add them all back and reposition the actual point you wanted to remove in the first place, not a big deal but just annoying.Secondly and probably more of a major need to the game is a colorblind mode, or the ability to select what colors represent battlegrounds etc, this for me is a huge thing, being colorblind myself, i cannot tell the difference within battlegrounds and non battlegrounds and often find myself thinking i'm controlling a battleground only to find out when the scoring card is played that i actually have no control in those areas, this probably is the games biggest issue, i wish they had've used more contrasting colors or given the player the option to select different colors, its a real nightmare trying to differentiate the battlegrounds of the Global map.I would definitely recommend this game to people, but for those that are colorblind, not so much, at least not yet, until a color option update is released."
,Recommended,406290,23087226,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Divine Vioni,"It is a good Cold War game with historically accurate events that can be used by both sides (with potential consequences). The game is kinda confusing at first but you get mostly used to it (however I am still baffled at the luck aspect of the game in which I lost 4 dominated countries in a single turn due to ""luck"" realignment by the US...)Overall pretty good if you dont mind being frustrated every once and a while."
76561197987304354,Recommended,406290,25783071,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Mocco,Adressed to the DEVS of TW: PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD BACKGROUND MUSIC or give us the option to choose which one we wanna have. the new music is not good!Now my review:Its a very good port from the table top game. Didn't have any bugs now. I played about 10 Games.If you have the table top version already you're quick to adopt and you might discover that you played some cards wrong on the board. Also you don't forget to move any markers because the system does it for you. You get a possible outcome overview of your coups and realignment attempts. So this version takes a lot of headspace away and enables you to to develop your tactics.In my opinion its a very good game and a very good port to the PC. Thumbs up and thanks to the devs. Good job on this one. :)
,Recommended,406290,28925121,Posted: 1 January,all,StevenSeagal,"You may have seen Twilight Struggle at the top of various board game rankings for a while. With good reason, TS is an exceptionally well-balanced strategy game, yet very complex in its mechanics. Despite being the most complicated strategy game I've played in a long time, the tutorial is very educational and performs its duty well for teaching new players exactly what's going on and some general strategy concepts.A fantastic supplement to learning TS is to visit the sitehttps://twilightstrategy.com/. The site is a very good reference for when you're not sure what card to play under what circumstance as either the US or USSR.The game hinges on an interesting concept of duality with how you play each turn. You can choose to put points into claiming a county (among some other related actions), but you have to be careful with how the associated event with the card can help or hinder your opponent. Is it really worth it to gain control of Southeast Asia if your card winds up making you lose France and your control of Europe?The UI, despite being ported over from mobile versions of the game, is very readable and reliable. I've yet to encounter some kind of game-breaking bug, which is great considering a single playthrough can take several hours of time.Overall, the game is very good and is a great way to learn how to play the board game without dropping $50 on the physical version. Online play is smartly designed with the option of playing against your opponent in real time, or turns by correspondence."
76561197988416833,Recommended,406290,27854154,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,astrovios,If you like the boardgame you'll love this game. Really good adaptation.
,Recommended,406290,28088638,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,landau11th,Much more convenient than board game!
76561198205276852,Recommended,406290,22638156,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Acroyear,"One of my all-time favorite boardgames by GMT has offically ported over to the PC. I couldn't be happier at the transition.First, I love the topic: The Cold War. Not only does this version utilize all of the orignal images found on the playing cards from the boardgame (historical photos, propaganda, etc.), but it also includes soundbites of famous speeches from the period, unsettling music, war noise, rallies.Second, talk about choices! Will you spread your ideological thinking and influence across the world, attempt coups, trigger historical events, or sink time and energy into the space race? Will you sink the world closer to war as the Defcon number drops?I've played a few games now of this version, more than I ever played of the boardgame, and I love how it has encapsulated the rules and dice rolls behind the scenes. Unlike the table top version, you don't have to double-check the rulebook to make sure you're adjusting influence or commiting a coup properly. And if you do have a rules question, simply click on the ? mark on the screen and it will pop-up a page with what you need to know based specifically on what you're trying to do.Both GMT and Playdek have turned a remarkable table top boardgame into a wonderful PC version.Now, if I could only win...10/10"
,Recommended,406290,24602293,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Onix1,"A tour de force of mechanics and atmosphere; a few rounds of this cold war thriller left me both fascinated and perhaps a little disturbed - The concept of two super powers gaming the rest of the world while locked in an ideological death struggle is chillingly compelling. Both sides are flawed - dictators and murderous regimes are readily embraced because as the adage goes, the enemy of my enemy is my friend. The ever present threat of nuclear war also plays its part, raising the stakes via a clever rule: Act too provocatively during periods of heightened tension and you risk instant defeat via mutual annihilation.It's easy to imagine generals in the White House and the Kremlin studying similar maps of the world after the war, deciding how to pivot their influence and effect regime change to further their strategic goals. The space race, the Olympics, and the UN all served as extensions of this grand arena, pitting communism against capitalism, something the game handles with aplomb.Having never tried the original boardgame, I can't faithfully compare the two formats. However, in my opinion the PC version plays like a gem, benefitting from sound effects, online play, and a decent tutorial. Granted, the AI can be particuarly brutal: I lost many games before finally cracking the Soviets, but I enjoyed the challenge none the less. Surprisingly, even victory contained a certain gravitas; the sense that I'd inflicted terrible harm upon the world in the name of defeating marxist-communism.John le Carré' once said of the Cold War - ""The right side lost but the wrong side won"". Twilight Struggle delivers that sentiment in spades."
76561198165346532,Recommended,406290,29250958,Posted: 14 January,all,Omegron007,"First I would like to say that I love Twilight Struggle .  Twilight Struggle is a deeply tactical and highly thematic game.... there really isnt anything else out there that offers captures quite as accurately or well the tension and events spanning the cold war.This is a game of Influence and spreading idiology.  A game about politics on the global scale.  It captures desperation and the ego of two superpowers who more than a couple times could have triggered nuclear annhiliation.  It simulates urgency to prevent the opponent installing itself near your base of power and undermining or overthrowing it through puppet governments and intrigue.    Its a great narrative and a great game to play and.... this all really happened...Every card that is played represents people, places and events that are real history.   They effect the game in a way that you would expect them to thematically and holy crap was some of this stuff stressful.   When a new leader gets elected in a country and all the sudden your base of power immediately erodes and allows your opponent a door to rush lets say the middle east or europe like the coolaid man... you feel what maybe those people must have felt.... Its a tug of war.  That too is represented in the game.   Bad things will happen to you and also to your opponent.. there is some risk involved when taking actions but there are ways to mitigate and calculate those risks beforehand so that your chances to succeed are better or not.As for the game adaption to steam and phones/tablets I think they did an amazing job.   I have heard that once you get a certain mastery level of the game that you can take on the ai without too much trouble it certainly isnt a pushover and more than prepares you to play the game adequately with others.   The way that they present the game and handle the online multiplayer leaves me wanting nothing... they do such a great job.    There are alot of little quality of life things relating to the camera controls that I appreciated allowing you to zoom into a region with a button push and out again just as easily.The music and souond effects are second to none in my opinion.   They nailed it, its spooky.. and again.. its history laid out.. leaders delivering rousing speaches in their own voice and tongue... really evokes the feeling that your there.  Immersion is high.The game itself which is derived from a tabletop boardgame of the same name had topped those charts for a long time and still remains one of the best loved and unique games made.https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/12333/twilight-struggle.Seriously get it.. there is so much here to love and at this price point.. you get alot for your money... use the extra scratch to get it on your phone as well and take your turns on the road... the game is fully cross platform."
76561198049422930,Recommended,406290,28334743,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,rasaar,"A truly wonderful work of art. There is a reason why this game is in top 3 in Boardgame Geek's War, Strategy  and Overall  ranking lists. The computer version works really fine even with a few minor usability issues.Great theme, chilling athmosphere, plenty of twists and turns and way too many things to look out or take care of."
,Recommended,406290,31007297,Posted: 7 April,all,Comrade Dolman,"i love cold war history and games and this is the answer to my cravings.a game that constantly makes you go ""pffft i dont even know if i have the upper hand...whats the other guy going to do....?""it feels like your constantly not winning. but you must be paitent.also the rules a complicated. but once you get your head around it its pretty simple and straight foward.theres only one thing i dont like about this game.The A.I. for single player is BRUTAL. it shows no mercy. im not joking you have better odds of winning online.and i swear it knows what i have planned or what im attempting to do. no matter which team i pick. i have not ever won a single player offline game. not even the tutorial.your better off going up against people online, i only wish there was some kind of difficulty option for single player."
,Recommended,406290,35431880,Posted: 2 October,all,Thanos,I highly recommend anyone interested in this game to watch a few youtube videos/reviews of the board game to get a feel for it first. For me this is hands down the best board game of all time but not everyone will agree with that assessment. The digital version is pretty decent. If you've played any digital board games on Steam you've likely experienced some bugs or UI issues. I haven't noticed any bugs but the UI will take a bit to adjust to. Overall the UI isn't as bad as many other digital board games I've played but I can't say any of them have been perfect.This is not a simple game to grasp. I struggled (heh) with it for several days before I decided to read some basic strategy tips and learned from my mistakes. But now that I have the basics down I find playing both sides interesting and challenging in their own ways. The two sides are pretty well balanced but the USSR will probably feel more powerful to a new player. The game is designed for the USSR player to initiate the conflict while the USA player reacts and counter-plays. It is for that reason I highly recommend you play as the USA until you understand the basics and can beat the AI.If you enjoy challenging strategy games and have an interest in the Cold War this is one of the best games on Steam for you.10/10 Board Game8/10 Digital Version
,Recommended,406290,22887028,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Benkyo,"Nice implementation of the boardgame, with a good online match up system and ""chess-clock"" style play ranging from blitz games to 45 days each.Gripes:The AI is useless for anyone except a total beginner, but with a game this complex what else can be expected? It's actually still a nice feature to have, even if can't win.There are still a few obscure bugs as of this review (exchanged Missile Envy playable in headline, Rule 6.1.1 not being applied to Iron Lady, Late War variant win condition...). Developers appear to be actively squashing bugs though, so hopefully these won't last long.The game lacks an easy way of referencing which cards are potentially in your opponent's hand. For asynchronous long-term play this means you currently have to keep notes outside the game itself, which is cumbersome. I've been assured this situation will be improved in a future patch."
,Recommended,406290,26473044,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,StillAliveLoL,"During the toturial, if you click 'next' button very quickly, the EUROPE SCORING may cannot be zoomed out so that the tutorial fail. I've tested many times and confirmed that it's a bug.Rocket Man and The Race is On cannot be triggered right now.I saw some very cool pictures represent 'Coup', 'Relignment', 'Space Race' and so on during my action round after I cancelled my decision, but I've never seen them again. Any idea?Although there are some issues, playing Twilight Struggle online and offline with AI is pretty cool~"
,Recommended,406290,29140483,Posted: 9 January,all,MayhemMike,It is a well done adaptation of the board game. Doesn't add much in terms of graphics or adjustability (e.g. no custom rules) and the UI has this mobile port feel but it gets the job done.If you like the board game then you will definitely like this version of it as well
76561198064259012,Recommended,406290,33030587,Posted: 30 June,all,ljofa,"An excellent conversion of the board game - you can relive the perils and pitfalls, triumphs and tragedies of the cold war as either the USA or USSR, striving to increase your influence at the expense of your opponent and deploying your assets to make or break the game.It's a turn based strategy with a fairly orthodox playing structure - each player makes their moves; action and counter-action between the two sides and every now and then, you get to drop in a whammy that can change overall strategy.  It's half planning, half reacting to your opponent's choices which makes for a good variety.Overall gameplay on the PC takes about 90 minutes to get through a game (if you know what you're doing) and the PC's AI is pretty good although is known to make a few obvious blunders.  Worth parting with your cash, even if you have the board game version."
76561198026669418,Recommended,406290,25879481,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Kat,"If you like the board game or have an interest in medium/complex strategic war board games I would highly recommend this. A physical game of Twilight Struggle in real-life can take 3+ hours, whereas you can finish a game on here in an hour. The one downside is, the player base isn't very large and may take a little time getting an online game going. Frequently you'll see people post on the chat, ""Where are all the players?"" However, I have never had to wait for a player more than 10 minutes. I  recommend when hosting a game to post in the lobby chat that you have listed a game because doing so should bring a player within minutes.  The game also includes a rating system; however, it doesn't automatically include an option to filter people who are in the same range as you so it is up to you if want to play with a person who is a different rank than you are. I still enjoy playing this in real life but it sure does cut out the maintenance of number crunching, tells you the odds for dice rolls, calculates region scores, and even warns you if you're about to play a card that can trigger a nuclear war. 10/10"
76561198145363654,Recommended,406290,34461600,Posted: 24 August,all,Largezo,This game is incredeble! It captures accuratelly the feeling of the cold war which is my favourite era in history. In just 3 days i've played over 17 hours. Perfect fun with a friend. Although it takes around 10 hours to learn the whole game there's nothing compared to the feeling of final action round in a three-hour-barnburner where one card decides everything. I recommend this game from the bottom of my heart to all of the history buffs and TBS-addicts! 6/5!
76561198102791450,Recommended,406290,25581288,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ForgottenIllusions,"A fantastic strategy game and intriguing historical simulation. A chess-like duel between two players, which has enough variance to make each game interesting and unique. This is a game in which you are tasked repeatedly with making the best of a bad situation.If you enjoy history, strategy board games, or plain 1v1 battles of wits, you will love Twilight Struggle."
76561198034946837,Recommended,406290,31240553,Posted: 19 April,all,Caribou,Great game. Basics can be learned by playing against the AI but the multi of the game is necessary to really enjoy the subtility of the games mechanics.
76561198040175948,Recommended,406290,31126171,Posted: 13 April,all,Dylan942,"Great port of the board game, i highly suggest it for people interested as its cheaper than a physical copy and a lot easier play. Really helped me understand the rules of the board game version (i have both)."
76561198031384864,Recommended,406290,31091455,Posted: 11 April,all,MCBigOil66,Twilight struggle is one of the best two player board games out there and this video game captures it perfectly. The perfect simplicity and transparancy of board game rules mixed with the smoothness and ease of not having to move pieces around. It is also great for anyone wanting to learn Twilight Struggle because the game doesn't let you break the rules/forget parts.
76561198040923434,Recommended,406290,30537338,Posted: 15 March,all,Namekujisennin,"The dev is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥(or just insane, whatever), the game overheats laptops trying to render at 2000FPS what is a static 2D world map, the soundscape is hilariously bad...But it's the nicest GUI, it is reasonnably bug-free, and it works very well online.PS: also might be one of the best wargames of all time."
76561198025317690,Recommended,406290,23090700,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,swancman,"In short, Twilight Struggle is the best board game ever created.  Not only do the mechanics work without a hitch, but Twilight Struggle also perfectly captures the historical accuracy and intensity of the Cold War time period.  From spreading political influence, to launching coups, and playing out actual historical events, Twilight Struggle has everything!  But be warned: this is a DIFFICULT game and will hurt your brain the first two or three games.  But after a couple games you will get a feel for the mechanics and theme of the game and you'll have fun.If you are looking for the perfect board game, then stop reading this and buy Twilight Struggle!!!"
,Recommended,406290,29070688,Posted: 6 January,all,SgtKindt,"if you know this game from the actual physical board game, I can tell you it is a perfect rendering of it in digital form. If you have never heard of it, I can tell you it is one of the most elegantly woven strategy board games ever made. It is two player only, using influence and events to take over the world, simulating the power struggle between the USA and the USSR. It is mostly area control, using influence cubes and then also event cards to push your power into areas of the world. Very thoughtful. Very fun. Very brain-burning. I have not played online against humans, but I do know the A.I. is smart. How smart? I am not sure, but after 3 games and 3 hours of play, I have not beat it yet."
,Recommended,406290,22605825,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Le Wish,"This game has the same tension as the original boardgame. What it lacks in a real physical board, it makes up with some good tension music.Some things to note that I am not a super-fan of.The buttons are spread out all over the board, giving the menu a slightly scattered feeling. However, it kind of makes sense as you get used to it, and I presume this is to make it easier for the developers to make the game work across more platforms without changing to much.Dice-rolls. Actually, I would like some kind of animation. I dont know why, and it will most likely take up time. But I would like them, since an animation would catch your eye.Cards in play have their OPs value hidden. No biggie, and you can enlarge the card as well, showing the entire cardface.AI seems to provide some resitance, but most likely needs some more polish. Also, all of the setups I have done this far, the soviet AI starts the same way, perhaps the best way, but gets kind of old.Upsides.Zoomable map, and regions are easily accessible using buttons.The little guide that helps you count the likelyhood of a success of a coup for instance, and the outcomes of each die result. Not that it is super-needed, but it provides some transparency to what happens, and is most likely a good aid to new players.The board overall, that shows what you need to know in a concentrated fashion (even if I somewhat miss the scoreboard). And the way you can click something like the score or turn to reveal alot of more useful information.Game well made. 10 / 10 would recomend."
76561198004983439,Recommended,406290,22508338,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Acido]G0ll0,"First time into war board games...pros:- at the moment in which you learn the mechanics, the game is very fun and addictive.-excellent strategy for those who like to think- nice tutorial everything you need...-one of the best stretegy games if not the bestcons:-poor menu (seems like the game was made for tablet or phones) lot to improve here..-music is ok but it can be boring after 2 hours of play, the game needs more animations and sound effects but its ok...-language (only English so you are losing a lot of player base..)8/10"
,Recommended,406290,22412033,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Alexander,"New to this game. Its learning curve is a bit high since you're not familiar with cards and have no idea how to utilize your hand cards. Anyway, i cant stop playing though i ve been crushed for many times."
,Recommended,406290,23503415,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,XXIII The Wolf,"I like this game.Thanks for it, I can play Twilight Struggle with AI and friends around world on computer now.The soundtracks and sound effects bring me back to the Cold War.But please update faster!We want Chinese support as you said earlier!"
76561198143067422,Not Recommended,406290,23972274,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,heestand,"I love Twilight Struggle, but this implementation is not great. My machine (Intel i7, 8gb RAM, Windows 10) runs very hot when I play, and my friend's crappy but not ancient machine can't run it for more than 5 minutes without crashing. I've encountered a game-breaking bug in my second game (I wasn't able to take my turn), which I duly reported to the developers, but the game has been out two months and it's not *that* complex. The AI appears to be stupid (it is always placing influence on opponent-controlled countries, which, as far as I know, is almost always a bad strategy) and I beat it with no effort except the one time I got careless and defcon-suicided--and I'm not an expert player. Also the AI takes a full 8-10 seconds to decide on an action, every time it takes an action, even when the action is blindingly obvious. All in all a disappointment. I'm hoping further development occurs on the game--when it's more playable, I will gladly give 150 stars, because Twilight Struggle is amazing."
76561198028124091,Not Recommended,406290,22505234,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,softpower,"An ok adaptaion of one of the best boardgames of all time.  Average sound and visuals with a below-average user interface.Even though I adore this game, I can't recommend it in its current state.  Constant bugs make the game a headache to play, as well as some terrible design decisions.  When those are fixed I will gladly give tia  thumbs up."
76561198045134818,Recommended,406290,22504600,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Abyssia101,"Very good game, reccomended to me by a friend. The mechanics are complex enough to be challenging, but simple enough to learn on a curve.However my one complaint, me being a woman, and seeing this is a digital release. I simply request that the ""player"" pronouns be switched to gender nuetral. I won't give a bad review because I like the game, it's just annoying since I've always felt excluded in my interest in military history. This would be a simple and harmless gesture, and it doesn't even require reprinting paper cards.I'm still trying to find a way to contact the developer about this. But beyond that, I still love and reccomend this game."
76561198021868661,Recommended,406290,24732420,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Insomnia'77,"A faithful and excellent digital version of the #1 board game with the same name.Note: I have not tested the multiplayer yet.Graphics: 100%Audio: 90%Gameplay: 90%Replayability: 100%Value for Money: 100%Overall: 96%If you already know the board game, and came here to play online multiplayer, you do not need to read any than this chapter: It is as close as you could come to the board game as you can. The only thing missing, is the possibility to poke your opponent in the chest. The game keeps track of everything, which is also one of the major reasons for picking up this game. Appart from keeping scores and following the rules, it also helps out with several things. Like warn you about the posibility of a Defcon Suicide, unplayed Event cards when you have just a couple of rounds left. And it displays all the current stats like current score in the different regions, the possible outcomes of a coup and the probability of the different outcomes in realignments.So what is really Twilight Struggle: It is a war game where the two superpowers in the cold war battles for domination of the world, with all the tools possible barring open war. At least not directly. The war is fought in all the other countries, enabling coups and causing events. The digital version adds sounds, speech and ambience that really makes you feel you watch one of the excellent movies from the cold war, like Dr. Strangelove, Wargames or one of the many based on the books of Tom Clancy. The major difference is the events in the game, are in fact historical events. And the outcome is often how it happened back then. The game is really about handling crisis after crisis that might or might not have been started by the other superpower, while trying to establish foothold in the differnt regions, and stopping the other superpower from gaining grounds. It's tense, and even though you might want to min/max and squeze the most out of your hand, it often boils down to damage control.For the player that hasn't tried out TS on cardboard before, it might be a bit overwhelming. The tutorial gives you a clue on how to play, but I still reccomend downloading the manual in PDF from the GMT-homepage to fill in some gaps. If you do not ragequit after being steamrolled for the 5th time by the AI, you will discover a game with an incredible deep strategy and theme to it. After that I would reccomend reading the general guides from Twilight Strategy, as they tell you how to do your first turns so you don't screw up your game without any chance of recovering.As mentioned before, the Steam version has a gui that works 100%. It has all the features, and is intuitive. At least after playing the tutorial that shows you how to use the UI. The game gives you all the statistics, and shows all the discarded and removed cards, plus which regions that is scored, so you don't have to remember/check all the time. It is all there. You just have to make the decisions. Rest is taken care of by the computer. I feel this is maybe one of the best adaptations of any board game in the recent years.The only two things that stops me from giving it a perfect score, is firstly the music. The single tune is excellent, and in the heat of the battle, you forget that you are listening to it. It fits perfectly when you are in the zone. But it wouldn't hurt to have a few more tunes, or that it lasted a bit longer. No big deal, really. But room for improvement. The other is the AI-player: As a beginner, the AI-player plays annoyingly perfect. You might try with the influence handicap, but I feel to get a perfect score, there should be different AI's. I read on the Twilight Struggle subreddit, that people have issues the other way around: It's too easy to beat it. But I guess, that is the time when you start playing online. If possible... I have beaten it twice as I write this review. First time it ended up in a Defcon Suicide. That can happen to the best player. The other time I beat it fair and square, but I could see what other players point out. It does not take Europe serious enough. I won in the final scoring by taking control of Europe. Which should not have been possible without perfect cards on the hand. He had the opportunity to flip Poland out of my hand completely (me playing USSR), but didn't even make me work for it. Again, room for improvements.Summary: A cold war game that is 100% in theme, and very tense. As close as you can get the original board game, with all the perks of being digital. And an AI that helps out learning the game, before jumping to the wolves in online play."
76561198299044372,Recommended,406290,24074207,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Captain BlackFish,"If Chess,Poker a pair of dice and the Cold War had an orgy in a hotel room,this would be that messy hotel room the morning after.A wonderful boardgame!!!I had no prior experience with the game,so I started playing vs the AI. At first he was beating me,but 15-20 games in (as the USA) and I slowly started winning. After a while you'll notice that the AI is pretty weak and thats when I recomend you jump into the online mode."
76561198001165827,Recommended,406290,24145672,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dorb,"Great tool to learn the board game with and maybe get your freinds into playing. If you have the board game get the PC version. If you have the PC version, get the board game version. (or the CE version if can find at a good price)Whatever you do, do not tell your wife you bought the a revised copy of the board game from 2005 that has never been played to get the most updated version and improvements along with the PC and the ios version. She will never ever, ever understand.  (unless you have a really nice couch to sleep on)"
76561198048703070,Recommended,406290,33165424,Posted: 2 July,all,dgalarneau,Exactly like the board game. Excellent.
76561198012765265,Recommended,406290,29025737,Posted: 4 January,all,Krusty,Amazing board game. Learning curve is steeper than most but very rewarding.
,Recommended,406290,27221261,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lyrics,"Like chess, only everyone dies"
76561198085794713,Not Recommended,406290,23809818,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MidnightFox,Game crashes at startup after latest patch. Do not buy. Warning!
,Recommended,406290,22616920,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Aufrichtigkeit,"DEFCON 1/5, would accidentally nuke the world again"
,Recommended,406290,26239555,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,snipe91594,"Twilight struggle is one of the most beloved two player boardgames today and this release is extremely well done. This is a great way to introduce people to the game, if you play with them, as it keeps track of many of the busy work rules. All-in-all its a fantastic game."
,Recommended,406290,22991796,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Original Pirate,"This is a game about inflicting horrible situations on yourself, and using the meager resources from those crises to balance out the damage. It's a game where nucular armageddon is a viable winning strategy, as long as you trick your opponent into burning the world first. It embodies Cold War fears and all the best propaganda has to offer.Some people resent how much luck has to do with winning this game, but that's ultimately only a small part of the strategy. Rolling for coups and realignments requires careful planning and well-placed risks, and luck can be overcome by persistence and hand management.Edit (9/25/2017): While I still recommend the game, I want to write in again to express my confusion over how the AI handles DEFCON and European Control. Simply put, the AI can't respond to these strategies very well. About a third of my wins against the AI are to these strategies, almost all unforced errors and bizzare, suicidal plays by the AI."
,Recommended,406290,28791743,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Taylor Swift,"This game has some serious balance issues, and a few bad hands/rolls can really ruin the game, but still fun and worth the $15, or $8 when its on sale. By far the best Cold War board game I've seen."
,Recommended,406290,34422761,Posted: 22 August,all,Antonius Candidus,"A great game, a pleasure to play! Nails the atmosphere of the Cold War. You are not in a hurry to make moves like in some RTS games, but it is still exciting to play.5/5"
,Recommended,406290,22655625,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kodiak,"Do you know and love this boardgame?  Congratulations, you can now play it without having to fiddle / argue with the rules, online, instantly, with anyone in the world.For everyone else, uh...good luck?I've invested a ton of time already into this game, with no intention of slowing down.  The only thing I could ask for, is for GMT to start looking into a Steam version of Labyrinth."
76561198035303725,Recommended,406290,22504837,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ivar,"A fantastic version of the best board game ever made. I notice that most, if not all, of the negative reviews are because of bugs and I can honestly say that I've only encountered one bug in over 10 hours of play and the game fits the screen like a glove both in fullscreen and windowed mode. The AI isn't very good either but the developers are apparently gathering data from players to improve it. I'm sure that all the bugs will be dealt with in the near future.Regarding the game itself it is a 1on1 strategy/war board game where players control the USSR and the US during the Cold War. The cards that the players get to play are based on real historical events meaning that if one is a history buff it will heighten the enjoyment. It's a fairly complex game and I doubt that anyone will feel truly comfortable and confident until game four or so but that goes to show how deep and wonderful it is. Another great thing is that skill truly matters way more than luck. Sure it's possible to lose the game because of poor die rolls if it's extremely tight but usually the better player will prevail. A single game will take approximately 30-120 mins which is great because you won't be forced to dedicate a whole evening to a single game.If you love board games then purchasing this for 15$ or less is a no-brainer.10/10 for me."
,Recommended,406290,23948405,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Faust,"Hands down one of the best, if notthebest board games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. The mechanics of this game are superb and perfectly encapsulate the feeling of brinksmanship in the Cold War, in a manner I would not have thought possible by a board game.A two player game, players start the game as either the USA or USSR, both of whom have their unique set of cards that are shuffled into a universal deck. Players draw from the deck up to a full hand, and then take turns making moves on the board, divided into turns and phases with the USSR always going first. Cards can be played for their events, or used as resources (Ops) to place influence, stage a coup or make a realignment roll in foreign countries. As both players draw from a universal deck, you will inevitably draw many of your opponent's cards during a game. This creates a very interesting dynamics whenever you use your opponent's card for Ops, the event of their card is triggered as well. A key part of the strategy in Twilight Struggle is knowing when to trigger opponent events and controlling the damage done by them while you have them in your hand.Twilight Struggle is full of interesting little design choices such as this, the DEFCON meter is another example. DEFCON starts as 5, and increases by 1 at the start of each new turn. Every time a coup takes place, or some specific cards are played; the DEFCON meter drops by 1, bringing the world closer to nuclear war. With each successive DEFCON drop, players become more and more limited in their actions (DEFCON 4 locks out coups and realignment in Europe, 3 in Asia, 2 in the Middle East). If the DEFCON level ever drops to 1, the game immediately ends and the player that triggered the drop loses the game.What I love most about Twilight Struggle is how thematic the game is, the tension of the cold war looms heavily over the player as the DEFCON level draws lower and lower, and your hand is thinning out until you have nothing but your opponent's cards in your hand. You're going to have to make plenty of extremely tough choices in every game you play and the music and art direction of the game makes it feel all the more immersive.I only bought this game a few days ago and I've already been recommending it to everyone I know. If you play a lot of board games, have been looking to get into a board game, or just love the Cold War, Twilight Struggle is the game for you. I've already dumped 20 hours into it as of the time of writing but I'm only scratching the surface of this amazing game."
76561198316164005,Not Recommended,406290,28681457,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,docmayla,"This is a great game, but they recently did an update.   Until they get the bugs worked out of the expansion pack/Turn Zero option that came with the update --  DO NOT BUY IT.   Awful."
76561198046113472,Recommended,406290,22404373,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,ND3G,The first time I tried to play I did not have the resolution set to my monitors native settings and the game was completely unplayable.  Once I fixed that minor issue it worked like a charm. A fantastic game.
,Recommended,406290,22467116,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,"Sgt.""Congkiller""Higgins","Amazing game, great replayability, a must for history lovers and boardgame lovers."
76561197993175874,Recommended,406290,22554006,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ZeroTheHero,Playdek. Twilight Struggle. Single Malt. Joy
,Recommended,406290,22564063,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,SvenFu,Very promising implementation of the top-level boardgame. Some issues that devs need tp fix but nothing major. Can't wait to get some multiplayer action going!
,Recommended,406290,22526173,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,AweeBeeGee,"Absolutely fantastic. I'd only played the physical game once, about a year ago, but it wedged its way in my mind and I was very pleased to see it adapted as a video game.Having beaten the AI for the first time, I've encountered a few typos but no bugs. It's graphically well-implemented and clearly well-suited to touchscreen devices (with iOS and Android releases about a month away, I've heard), so if that comes out similarly polished, go for it! PC meanwhile offers the advantage of a bigger screen to examine the whole board.The gameplay is ridiculously compelling and suspenseful across its whole (not insignificant) game time. This release marks not only an adaptation of an outstanding board game, but a fantastic video game in its own right for any strategy fan.Edit: Obviously I've played it a lot more now. Incredible game. Love playing online.My only big complaint is there really needs to be more options for the chess clock, such as 90 mins. It would also be nice if players could vote to extend the clock, as it's satisfying for neither the forfeiter or the winner when the game ends by the clock.The lobby could do with some work as well, maybe a pop-up when someone joins your game, as currently the only way to be notified is to have exited the game beforehand. Otherwise, you're stuck staring at your game list."
,Recommended,406290,28105223,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Chargi,Very smooth video game adaption.If you don't have a physical buddy to play TS with and like 2-player board games -> must buy.
76561198149629978,Recommended,406290,22542556,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Edlock.L,The game itself is the one of the best board game ever! And in here I don't even have to do all those remembering work.
,Recommended,406290,24346859,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Captain Funtastic,"I'm a huge tabletop fan, particularly of this game which I've owned since it came out. I don't usually like videogame ports of boardgames but since it's kind of hard to find somebody to play this one physically I decided to give it a try.Boy am I glad. It's very polished and the experience is enhanced with the soundtrack and sound effects (soundtrack does get repetitive after a while, but I like it). Plus the ability to play asynchronously over days is killer.The game itself has been on the #1 place on BGG and I wholeheartedly agree."
76561198018409348,Recommended,406290,24337681,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Smeghead,"It's kind of like geopolitical chess, only it's much easier to win as the Russians. The USA is at a pretty sever disadvantage in this game. It makes me wish it were more balanced."
,Recommended,406290,28415481,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,afinati,"The game has received pretty regular updates to the AI. It's now competent and even occasionally challenging. The game runs just like the tablet/android verisons, and cross-play is a thing. I like the occasional animations, sound effects, and ambient music. The rulebook could be written better, but at least there's a tutorial.I had previously written a negative review because I was exapserated by the AI. Since the game is unlikely to receive any further expansions and the problems have since been resovled, I believe that you can confidently buy this game and expect a solid experience from now on."
,Recommended,406290,34789731,Posted: 7 September,all,Zeholipael,"A Wargame without the war, Twilight Struggle is a seemingly simple game. However, beneath the easy to grasp mechanics lies a layer of complex interactions and mindgames. It's not for everyone, and after playing a match for 2 hours I have a massive headache. But I do like what I've played of it, and will probably return."
,Recommended,406290,31140826,Posted: 14 April,all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,A very good port of a great boardgame. There is no excuse for you to not have this.
,Recommended,406290,34948062,Posted: 14 September,all,onelostmuppet,"My absolute favourite board game translates quite well as a computer game. The speed of play is greatly enhanced. I have found the AI plays quite erratically (for instance I have won 2 games on Turn 1 AR6 as USSR with Europe control) but I enjoy it with a huge handicap in favour of the PC. I have failed to entice anyone to play an online game yet which is quite disappointing. I will persist as this game is just fantastic, no matter the format!"
76561198049668877,Recommended,406290,25172953,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rockheart,"Good simulation of the best board game ever. If you do not have the board game, go and buy it --it is best to learn with the board game and then become an expert with this great simulation.100% recommended for any turn-based grand-strategy game lover. And... cold war as a background! Just great."
76561198183966922,Recommended,406290,33943477,Posted: 31 July,all,o.ludwig,"What bothers me, that you're not able to see the whole world map at once. the info at the top and the card hand at the bottom take up to much space, and the writing is to big. i want an option to optimize my layout. almost half of south-america and south-africa are almost constantly covered, and you need several klicks to see the situation there. this is really a game breaker, and not just some small issue. i will continue to use the vassal module instead of this pc implementation, unless this gets fixed. add an option to zoom the map further out - easy."
76561198076574800,Recommended,406290,25301148,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,AncientOneLackingEnergy,A good game. Perhaps not enough variety solo for more than a few plays.
,Recommended,406290,22549127,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Rangor,"After a long wait it's finally here! A great digital implementation of the amazing board game Twilight Struggle. This digital conversion stays close to the board game format and for Twilight Struggle this is important because it's all about that big world map where the two superpowers are dueling for world domination. A few digital improvements are added and having played the game myself I'm actually learning new things from the digital version, the AI has thought me some great clarifications of the rules so to say :) For the price and features you get and just being able to play some solo matches to learn the game this is well worth it."
,Recommended,406290,27076731,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SlugBoy65,Great version of the classic boardgame! Plays well and has an adjustable AI for solo play.
76561198024048974,Recommended,406290,25625517,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mom's Spaghetti,"Feels just like playing the board game but without some of the minor housekeeping actions (moving trackers, removing cards, etc)."
,Recommended,406290,22605646,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,HighLordAkkarin,Well done transposition of an excellent board game. Reccomended.
,Recommended,406290,22889350,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,MarcusTorrent,"I recommend this both for people who are interested in learning how to play and those who already have the board game and want to get better. The AI in the game is competant and allows you to play around with different positions and opening to get the experience. If you are like me and only have a few people who are able to play, you can quickly get to seeing people's preferences and this allows you to be more rounded in your play style."
,Recommended,406290,22922733,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,HappyHappyGameGame,"I had a blast playing this game while watching the CNN Cold War documentary series.  You can probably play ten games of this in the time you could do one in real life.  The strategy is interesting, though the scoring card system is a little arbitrary.  There are some valid complaints about the AI, but I suspect it will improve, and I've still lost a bunch of games.  Really though, run the CNN cold war docs and fire this up with a cold war cocktail, and you've got a tasty little scene."
76561198000088094,Recommended,406290,29155477,Posted: 9 January,all,GOObER,I bought this so I could learn the board game that we own but have never played because it looks complicated.
76561198027772502,Recommended,406290,31329108,Posted: 23 April,all,TXPhenix,"For friends that used to be able to meet up and play in person, this online version of the game is a great replacement. The few bugs aside, the online version coupled with Steam chat allows you to trash talk just as much as before."
76561197991872194,Recommended,406290,31028521,Posted: 8 April,all,alley28,Fantastic port of a one of the best board games I have played.
76561197971815963,Recommended,406290,22642391,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Enefen,Great adaptation for the pc of my favourite boardgame!
,Recommended,406290,31202540,Posted: 17 April,all,tikiguymike,"Great boardgame, fun to brush up on your skills before playing with friends."
76561198006340065,Recommended,406290,22840127,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,roccaforte,"Great game. UI recreates the original boardgame perfectly. AI is not smart as should be. When AI plays with USSR is a tough game, but if AI is the US opponent it has no chance. Some stupid decisions"
76561198040669155,Recommended,406290,24243017,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Helluvee,"I will give this game a positive review, it definitely deserves it, though it's far from the excellent standards one would expect reading some very popular reviews. I've spent almost 50 hours trying to figure out what it was all about and I came to the conclusion it's an entertaining, while a bit shallow, Cold War cards game.OVERALL 6/10PROS- There's a nice online community, it's always easy to setup a game and find someone to play it- The historical events described by the cards are a nice refresher of what happened- The rules are quite simple, and it's easy to find guides to improve your game- Some games can be quite entertainingCONS- Once you've memorized the 4/5 do's and 3/4 don'ts, strategy does not apply anymore, it's all luck based, seriously. Dice rolls can have dramatic consequences, as well as cards draws. A semi-decent player can beat a seasoned veteran just thanks to a couple of lucky dice rolls and the right random card. Proof is I earned the ""Killer of Giants"" achievement on my very first online game. It's much more Texas Hold'em than chess. Even Risk! requires more strategical thinking than this- The game is poorly optimised and heats up ypur graphic cards more than the Witcher 3 with full-on graphics- The AI is laughable: play a handful of single player games just to learn the few do's and don'ts and dive into the online arena"
,Recommended,406290,22439082,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,G2HJei,"The highest rated boardgame now on Steam! I've been waiting for this to happen and it is finally here and it (almost) perfect. Put aside a few glitches (but nothing game breaking so far) it is great. If you love the boardgame you will love this too. if you are new to it, the AI is good place to start, before moving to the real salt and pepper of TS - the online multiplayer! Just don't give up - it takes at least a couple of games to wrap your head around the rules and at least a few more to get the hang of it. 9/10 for me!"
76561198014143026,Recommended,406290,22562967,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,benischeck302,Still a few little kinks to work out with the single player AI but a fantastic option for multiplayer and a good introduction for anyone who wants to get into the game. Definitely a huge improvement over previous options to play the game electronically.
,Recommended,406290,22441464,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,kronb,I have no idea what I'm doing and also I keep getting nuked to death10/10 would play again
,Recommended,406290,25090550,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BlastFly,"If you are new to this game, don't get fooled by the digitial version of rulebook which is poorly written.One good example is that, in the digital rulebook, it states that when DEFCON drops to 1, whoever is “responsible for it"" loses the game. It is not what it looks like!Apart from that and occasional bugs, this game is quite good, especially when you realize that AI gains +1 coup modifier, if not more. Then you'll be super pleased in winning over AI. What a brilliant design.On the other hand, playing against other players is more balanced but the winning is less joyful."
,Recommended,406290,22507459,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,redScare,"Good adaptation. Played offline only so far. Too many stupid graphical bugs (Win10 here) but on the bright side all the bugs are in the menus only, once you start a game (at least an offline one) it plays perfectly. Also, IA is good enough to make you sweat, which in a game this complex y quite the achievement for the developers. With a bit of polish and bug fixing it would get a more solid recommendation."
76561198043319574,Recommended,406290,22505446,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Recognition,Wonderful game once you`ve taken the time to grasp it.Runs perfectly on my Win 8.1 rig... absolutely no problems whatsever.Im loving it and Highly recommend it to those that like this period and card playing style.
76561198035679562,Recommended,406290,24491271,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dr. Chuck Tingle,"Classic board game ported well to the PC. Tutorial system in game works surprisingly well; I played one physical game prior to this and picked it up easily. Honestly might be easier to learn on PC where the computer can manage the administrative tasks. Plus, it's 1/4 the price so it's less of a commitment if you're just starting out.10/10 would recommend to fans of the board game and to people looking to play for the first time"
,Recommended,406290,22431763,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Tom the bold,"Fantastic game. I have been played 4 years ago in China and when I move to US, I find it very hard to find someone to play with me. Now I have an official PC game to play with people online or AI. I tried AI for the first time, and they aren't very studpid, but still quite stupid, so for new players this game is a very good start."
,Recommended,406290,27529298,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,R. Daneel Olivaw,"This is without a doubt one of the greatest board games ever made. It was rightly the most popular game on boardgamegeek for 10 years in a row, only unseated this summer by a brand new game- Pandemic, which is another worthy board game worth playing.I played the physical version of this before I got the digital version. The game is a faithful translation of the rules, and it is mostly bug free and runs very well. The AI is a solid beginner level player, able to teach a new player without crushing their spirit. There is a thriving multiplayer scene, accessible to beginners and advanced players alike. If you do not have 2-3 hours to play a full game, there is an async option to allow you to stretch out games, and you get email notifications when your turn is ready.There are those who will claim that the game is too bound by RNG to be good. However, they fail to recognize that the game gives you many ways to manage uncertainty and that a balance between short and long term goals is key to victory. Even if things go poorly, the world turns, and if you can minimize the damage then your luck will turn. The cards and dice rolls provide just enough randomness that no two games are ever alike. If you can minimize adversity and maximize your advantages, then you can win.Also you can start the nuclear apocalypse over the Olympics."
,Recommended,406290,27517315,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BERZO,"The board game is the best board game ever. The computer port is flawless, beautiful and very well designed. I will be playing this game for years."
76561198023111152,Recommended,406290,27462711,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vorian,"Great game, and playing on Steam has the added benefit of correctly teaching some of the more nuanced rules."
76561197971389649,Recommended,406290,22408250,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,sj_obrien,"As an addicted player of the board game who missed the beta of the digital version was really looking forward to this. Installed and only played one offline game as of yet, so these are very early comments.I tried offline first so I could be up to speed with how play works and not take ages when facing human opposition. The interface looks nice and animations are cool enough, although the music got a little repetitive after only a few turns. One serious problem I noticed - don't know if this is just my machine? - is that when playing full screen the cursor does NOT line up with the board! Hence I had to click east Germany to place in Poland and some buttons weren't clickable at all! I hope this is either just me or there is a quick update/fix if not as playing in a window isn't much fun and requires a lot more zooming.I wouldn't recommend any serious player gets this to face the AI! Hopefully it will learn and adapt as promised, however it headlined Indo-Pakistani war in round 1 and let me win by taking control of Europe by round 3... Including not challenging when I played ops into Italy and letting me take West Germany over 3 turns after playing Blockade!Overall though, excited for this to develop and start playing people online in an easier format than Vassal. The long wait is over!"
76561198008326679,Recommended,406290,22422945,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pishva,"The best way to play one of the miost acclaimed and one of the most fiddly board games ever designed. A most for anyone seeking to learn or master the game. Well designed UI, atmospheric soundtracks and good AI."
76561197992961586,Recommended,406290,22421882,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Blizzard,One of the few boardgames that are played better on your computer than on your table. Highly recommended for history geeks and people who love complex multi-layered systems.
76561198000768497,Not Recommended,406290,24411609,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,pyrodragonrs,"Like another reviewer here, I wish I could give this game a good review. The interface is effective and smooth, and this is my favorite board game.However, the servers are terrible, with constant disconnects and game crashes during online play. It's bad enough that I've lost games because I couldn't get back online, and it's happened to some opponents, too.Unfortunately, my history with Playdek is that they really couldn't care less about customers, and when I've reached out to them in the past with issues regarding their other products (Summoner Wards and Le Havre), they have not been helpful.Server issues happen, but not on this level. Please fix the problems."
,Recommended,406290,26986184,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Life Pilgrim,"Damn awesome game. Damn fine boardgame. Now I don't have to worry about finding a friend to play the boardgame with as the few of those supposed friends showed little interest in Twilight Struggle then.The game is set playing as either the US or Soviet in a race for global supremacy during the cold war. The boardgame mechanics are still very much felt and you need to remember how some actions are carried out in terms of die rolls needed to secure a win. So, it's still pretty much a brainy game that the board game is plus the AI and online multiplayer.It's the best USD 5.00 I have ever spent on anything. Very very happy with my purchase. Can feel daunting for a newcomer but I suggest to stick with it and learn the game from the tutorial and self-help from the menu."
76561198007434276,Recommended,406290,27502908,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bogeymaker,Great game. Having never played the board game the learning curve was high. Once you figure out the basics what a blast to play. Updates have really helped out with what few problems there were.
76561198237024282,Recommended,406290,27549489,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Roco Scientist,Good game for learning for beginners and also very good for playing against friends online.  The AI is a bit lacking for advanced players.
76561198141528142,Recommended,406290,26232569,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,dhanyboy,i play the boardgame... this TS on steam is more awesome... love it very much
76561197972906174,Recommended,406290,22434986,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,C DEATON,"I love this game in the original physical version and I really questioned how they were going to get an AI to understand the complexities of it.  WIth a little over eleven hours of play under my belt now, I'm pretty sure I know how they did it.... the AI cheats like a mofo.  Rest assured, if you have a scoring card in your hand, it knows exactly which one(s) you have and it's every move will be aimed at thwarting you.I'm giving this game a cautious recommendation only because there is really nothing out there quite like it and it's possible I might be mistaken and the price isn't too high, but you should be prepared to be very frustrated."
,Recommended,406290,23815469,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Idioglossia,"Wow, this game is awesome!I never had the chance to play the board game but I've wanted to given its reputation.  Glad to say, it lives up to that reputation.  Everything about this version is done well.  The UI is incredibly intuitive - something that is not necessarily easy to do on board game ports.  The audio is top notch and full of political leaders giving historic speeches.  The AI is probably not that great, but it's an enormous task to create a great AI for a complex game.  It's been fun, I've won a few games against the AI and gotten my money's worth out of it.  Haven't tried playing against a human yet, but I will give it a go soon."
,Recommended,406290,34414595,Posted: 22 August,all,Sarcastro,Crushing capitalism was harder than I thought it would be.
,Recommended,406290,22779732,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Groovymunki,If you like the board game you'll like this.
76561198032876733,Recommended,406290,23752418,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheConquerer,"Only played it once so far but this looks a great game, well worth the discounted cost. GMT games are fab, hope they can digitise more of them"
,Recommended,406290,23430237,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,PANNENKOEKEN-7,Good adaptation of my favourite board game.
76561198064777201,Recommended,406290,35070885,Posted: 19 September,all,RichWall,The Best Cold War Simulation I've encountered.A sequel would be wonderful centered around the US vs.the (China + IslamoTerror) Era.
76561198041237839,Not Recommended,406290,22438611,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ryan,"The cursor only lets me click on countries, menu, icons, etc. only occasionally and oftentime will ""click"" on a country I haven't highlighted.  It's frustrating; I cannot get past the set-up phase and have to CTR+ALT+DEL to force-quit it.  It won't even let me click on the menu to exit.  I love the board game, but it is un-playable; at least on my computer."
76561197991623907,Not Recommended,406290,28995980,Posted: 3 January,all,Richard U,"I've tried playing the tutorial three times, and encountered a bug that blocked progress each time. Once I was told to click the roll die button for space race, but it did not exist (the game seemed to somehow forget I played the card, and would alternate between telling me to click the roll die button and to pick an action for the card). Twice the scoring card in the opening hand did not return to the hand after zooming in, and stayed zoomed in and unclickable (clicking it is required to progress).Since the game is unplayable due to commonly encountered bugs, I cannot recommend it. I suspect I would love the game greatly if I could actually play it, but that does not seem to be an option."
76561198098405582,Recommended,406290,22404927,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Jerry Steinfield,Very very well done. I loved the tabletop version and now I love the PC version.
76561198025604634,Not Recommended,406290,23870000,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,starkwolf,"I really wish there were more options for Steam reviews than just recommend/not reccomend, because this isn't a bad game at all, it is a decent game, but it can be disappointed as some of the hype needs to be diffused.Biggest plus: it is hard to find any other game that fits this niche. It takes you through the intrigue spanning the entire Cold War. Finding a game that involves either real or fictitious Cold War combat is easy enough, but not one with a focus on bringing your side through the Cold War alive, but preferably on top.Biggest weakness: some balance points are really odd. For example, whomever plays the card that leads to Defcon  automatically loses the game. Not only does this not make sense from the perspective of nuclear war directly being proposed from the side that was ahead, when they were ahead, but it also leads to some odd situations where if you play cards like""Olympic Games,"" if your opponent boycotts the Olympics at Defcon 2, you lose, because ""corrupt"" you wanted to host the Olympics. There are others, and though they are fair in the context that the game remains balanced for both sides, it breaks the immersion greatly and can be quite a nuissance.The rest of the game is satisfactory. Not amazing, but not bad either, save the tutorial which is mediocre.I don't want to make this game sound too bad, but a lot of the good things about this game have already been mentioned. It is good, but I am marking ""Not Recommended"" because the hype is more than a bit much. It is a decent game.Now, as an adaptation of a boardgame, this is amazing. I have not played the boardgame, but my comments are in referance to the boardgame. If you have played it, you know what to expect."
76561198217115461,Not Recommended,406290,24242664,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Slimbo293,"Terrible and non-existent customer support. The game is full of bugs and continually crashes, despite the fact that my machine meets the requirements. ZERO customer support, makes this and its dev PLAYDECK games just another fail. Am in the process of seeking a refund after repeated attempts to contact support and being ignored. I'm done with this, and if you're smart, you won't waste your time or money until they sort this out. It's a shame GMT Games chose such a shoddy, obviously disinterested dev to produce their flagship game."
,Recommended,406290,22409892,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,goodpoints,Twilight Struggle is a wargame.
,Recommended,406290,22419041,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,NA Slacker,If you are a fan of the board game you will not be diasspointed.
76561198299127747,Recommended,406290,23365971,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,sueandbl,"I love this game but is broken.  The AI continually is allowed to coup at Defcon 2.  Nearly impossible to win when the AI is allowed to cheat.  Also, about 7/10 times the game will freeze on a reshuffle.  Please patch this game again soon.  This has such great potential."
,Recommended,406290,26281324,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Silent Hastati,Good adaptation of a top notch boardgame.
76561198067411176,Recommended,406290,23122534,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,cdixon,Very well done version of an incredibly good board game. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,406290,22406255,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,M. Erdem,"I guess no one would disagree if I claim this is one of the best board games ever designed. The game is not only fun with a deep tactical layer but also very educational. The gameplay fits the theme very well and the pc adaptation supports the theme with little details such as recordings between turns, music, background noise etc. Maybe this feel could have been improved even more with more recordings for each card played but I'm probably asking too much...If the theme seems interesting to you, I highly recommend it. The price is also very acceptable.5/5 Would humiliate capitalist swine again."
,Recommended,406290,22406382,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,VietVet57,Good game.
76561198029247941,Recommended,406290,22443633,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ihateithere,"Отличная реализация отличной настольной игры.Несколько необычный ИИ, не всегда ясно почему он делает некотороые вещи, но как я понял, со временем он обучится от людей.Думаю позже стот прикрутить ему настройи.9/10. После пары изменений от разработчиков будет 10/10.Покупайте не задумываясь.Выяснилось что будут релизы на мобильные платформы - сразу стали ясны некоторые особенности интерфейса. На таче это все должно быть вполне удобно. Надеюсь что после релзов попилят ПК версию на предмет мелочей удобства"
76561198000967923,Recommended,406290,23193694,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Kaliber,Almost as amazing as the real thing :)
,Recommended,406290,22419365,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Graydon,Great implementation of the board game
76561198072624968,Recommended,406290,22635607,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,rbruce1864,"The game  is a wonderful digital interpetation of the outstanding boardgame. The experience is very much that of playing a boardgame with cards and pieces. The developers have already cleaned up the UI and some basic flaws that showed up in the initial release, which demonstates great support and commitment to the game.  I think the AI plays a very good game, and it continues to beat me regularly. I'm a veteran wargamer and it gives me a great fight each and every time.  If you are, like myself, someone who always wanted to try the highest rated boardgame on Boardgame Geek but couldn't find time or an opponent, this game is for you.  The learning curve in terms of playing is not steep, but the strategy curve (is that a term?) is *very* steep.  What seems basic at first is in fact quite nuanced and the more you play the more you realize what a tremendously challenging battle of wits this game is.  Finally, it has that greatest sought after qualtiy of a good game, of just wanting to play one more turn, or get a re-match so you don't make the same mistake (only to make new mistakes as you learn!).  Like the boardgame it gives a great feel for the Cold War and weaves a lot of history into the game.  Wonderful experience, highly recommended!"
76561198135608091,Recommended,406290,23914335,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,fledermaus23,"While I have not played the boardgame, I do know the game's reputation.  The presentation is fantastic and it seems to faithfully implent the table top rules.  It also does a good job vistually explaining the odds of a course of action, using dice rolls, of course.  But the level of tension playing this game, even against the AI, rivals a good game of chess."
76561198074590586,Recommended,406290,22771939,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,jeff.lingwall,"Through two plays, the game seems very well done. AI is good (to a noobie). Struggled to run a bit on an older Macbook, but was fine on a newer Mac mini. Wish there was a way to call up card images from the log to review past actions."
,Recommended,406290,22862774,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DooplissForce,Incredibly fun game that holds true to the original board game. A must have for any TS fans.
,Recommended,406290,22443599,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,BAD455,"Easier way 2 learn this complex boardgame, like it."
76561197975907173,Recommended,406290,22705718,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MadMortigan,"I never played the board game version of this, and I really regret that. This is an amazing game of strategy, deception, and just the right amount of luck. The game is complicated, but if you play the tutorial the rules are fairly easy to pick up. I saw a few other people complaining about the AI turn length, but it's really only about 5-10 seconds. If you don't have the patience to wait that long, this probably isn't the game for you anyway. This is one of those few games I will never uninstall and will still be playing many years from now. Great game 10/10."
76561198171040175,Recommended,406290,22706142,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ixnutoo,"Like the majority of players here, I have enjoyed this board game for years.As a child of the 80's and a history buff, it really was made for me.10/10"
,Recommended,406290,22710165,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,WilmOmatiK,"I love this game. I never heard of it before I read a test on a blog for games. I instantly bought it and I enjoyed right away. I managed to understand the rules by reading the manual and then playing the tutorial, which is really well done for beginners.Although I'm still not anywhere near mastery of the game, I am able to beat the A.I. However the A.I. still beats me often enough. In the next time I will play online against human opponents by using the Playtek matchmaking system. After creating an account you can easily find games in-game.I can really recommend this game and I am going to buy the table top version of it too. Sadly, it is really expensive compared to the computer game."
,Recommended,406290,22710418,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,EvilScott,Captures the board game perfectly. Multiplayer matchmaking is a little sparse but its there. AI is quite good. Great way to try out one of the top 3 games of all time without having to become and expert on the rules or convince someone else to commit to the time.
,Recommended,406290,22728145,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,durlemagne,"This game wasn't the number one game on Board Game Geek for 10 years for nothing. While those who don't have much experience in hobby gaming might be a little put off at first, the game is actually pretty simple from a mechanics standpoint. You'll probably lose your first few games as you get a feel for the flow of the game and how to best play your cards. Eventually you'll settle into a crisis management mindset not unlike the actual Cold War. I haven't been playing this game for a terribly long time (I picked up the physical version of this game in January of 2016), but it has quickly proven its depth and lasting entertainment value.This digital port is faithful to the board game and is pretty great overall. Some of the visual flourishes add some much needed flavor to the game (turn animations and voice clips at the start of each turn), but there are definitely some quirks. Cancelling an action will sometimes result in the replay of the entire round of the pervious player, and the AI definitely isn't the best. Also, this was a great chance to improve on the artwork and layout of the cards and absolutely nothing was done with them.However, the asynchronous multiplayer is awesome if you can preserve your train of thought over several days (which I do have a bit of a problem with.) When the mobile ports come out it'll be awesome to be able to continue your game on the go.Definitely a great game overall!"
76561198111242814,Recommended,406290,22778081,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,barnaby_alsop,"This game is faithful to the physical version, has a great interface, simple intuative controls and helpful auto-resolve features for events and scoring.The AI can give you a hard fight and has taught me some useful lessons about how to use realignments. However, it can also be immensely stupid. It is very possible to win the game on round one via European control. The AI seems to be be oblivious to the fact that you are gunning for control - very odd!Hopefully the developers will train the AI to recognise strategies like the above - strategies which a human player would never fall for.Overall, this game is great - and will get even greater if the AI is able to continually learn from its human opponents."
76561197972342084,Recommended,406290,22805495,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sirveri,"This is a faithful adaptation of Twilight Struggle for the PC. If you like Twilight Stuggle, that's a good thing...The only problem is... I really don't like Twilight Struggle. Having played Labyrinth: War on Terror, that game showed me the proper way to do these games. So why do I recommend it, because the game is stable, and a faithful adaptation, and I'd like to see MORE GMT products move to a digital arena.My problems with Twilight Struggle itself have to do with the original design of the board game itself. Turn structure turns the game into a pointless slog where the two players basically just run in circles around each other. Card design is incredibly swingy, and depending on your hand you really don't have any choice about play order. You must play your hand in a way to mitigate how much the cards punch you in the nuts. They punch you in the nuts quite a lot, it's why my group calls in the nut punch game. Also, setup time while shorter than many games is still quite long, but this is obviously absent in the digital version. But if you like the feel it captures that fairly well."
76561198068910806,Recommended,406290,22511004,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Mirimur,"Ladies and Gentlemen, its confirmed.The Hippie Movement was a Russian Socialist plot to undermine the United States' efforts on the world stage.10/10 would be ruined by hippies again."
76561198299256670,Recommended,406290,25085910,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,dmhearts,"Hi, at the moment i am very frustrated as i am not able to access TS at all, is there anybody out there who can help me?"
76561198130878891,Recommended,406290,24778443,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Rux,I honestly Love this game it has been the most challenging strategy game I think I have played. Thi sgame will make you truly love the h bomb.
76561197986346918,Recommended,406290,22452511,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,SilentSword,"Great Implementation, with everything you need to play TS against AI or friends. I loved to see very detailed cards description! It's like having the boardgame (and I have it) but without all the burden to prepare everything.Great job developers. Now I am waiting for different AI players!"
76561198249160528,Recommended,406290,33117357,Posted: 1 July,all,NdLam,Good Gold War card game. Strongly recommended.
76561198119922938,Recommended,406290,22502400,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,tomislav,Excellent translation from physical board game.Highly recommended!!!
76561197968747699,Recommended,406290,22471918,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,grahambjose,"My first review on Steam. This game delivers on what it is supposed to and brings one of the best and most loved board games to life. A few minor glitches around wide screen resolutions and certainly great opportunity to enhance the experience, but what a great port to an electronic medium."
76561197992662173,Recommended,406290,22494300,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,silverlight,Just as good as the board game. Excelent interface compared to some other board games turned video game. if you like strategy games its a buy.
,Recommended,406290,24039169,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,lord999,"If you like the board game, this unquestionably is a worthwhile purchase especially as a timesaver for all the rule calculations.  This board game conversion is very well done if you play against human opponents.  The developer is active and working out the bugs for some of the wierder card interactions, but since release, this game as of early July is 98% correct for the card rules.  The AI still needs some work.The late game variant is programmed in as well.I kind of wish there was a mode to turn off the warnings (the board game does not warn you that coups at low level are game losing or not playing score cards on time is game losing.)  I do like the compromise to 'take bad' moves that are reversible and do not provide actionable intelligence.Multiplayer modeA couple of things about the offline against the AI:1.  The AI not only acts omniscent about the cards that are in your hand, but specifically acts in ways that it shouldn't have known, I have a couple of save games where there is NO way the AI should be doing the turn events.2.  That being said , the AI acts completely suicidal at times in ways humans wouldn't:a.  Russian AI globally focused with you focusing on Europe (it's defense of Europe isn't priortized well)b.  On either side, the AI runs DEFCON much lower than it should in early and mid-game, particularly with the cards that force the other to coup.c.  US AI not playing the Americas in late game and not having a particularly coherent strategy about frustrating the human Russian.I think besides the DEFCON thinking problem, the Russian AI works pretty well.  The American AI still needs a lot of work.  Yes, the game is designed with Russians having the early advantage, but the US really dominates late game."
,Recommended,406290,24064873,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dugrim,"Really good port of the board game.Is the AI poor? yes, but its purpose is to introduce new players to the game without being steamrolled by a veteran plater.I bought this game to play against human opponents, so the AI doesn't bother me, and I really recommend this game.EDIT: I still recommend this game, but I want to warn everyone; as every games with cards/dice involved the ratio luck/strategy is 50/50."
76561198067321930,Not Recommended,406290,22476372,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,jeff.sumner,"Technical issues prevent the game from being played. In windowed mode critical parts of the screen are cut off at the bottom. In full screen mode the mouse clicks don't match the visible buttons. In addition during setup, the game says it is taking it's turn, and after 10 minutes it still hadn't."
76561198254550583,Not Recommended,406290,22407648,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,battletwinmark,"they seriously need to sort out some of the problems with playing against the AI , its just unplayable.  I cant get past turn 3 as it wont allow me to place infence markers down ,  so upsetting, for such a cool boardgame, looks like its back to the old school table top for me until they fix these bugs"
76561198007556125,Recommended,406290,22403800,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,kaworu,Great realisation of great board game.Very close to original (and very pleasant) visualy with good UI ergonomic.
,Recommended,406290,29136176,Posted: 8 January,all,Why dem dey name hurricane?,dumbos a♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,406290,22512375,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,frcbo,"some graphics problems, somethings I can't click on countries"
76561198010962262,Not Recommended,406290,22521615,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,kev_ritchie,"So, first game online, 1 hour clock and ruined due to bugs. Seriously how difficult is it to get a YUGOIGO game correct?When you place inf it was regularly showing the inf without the ability to commit it and it was showing as ""waiting on opponent"" while MY clock ticked on ... lost by default. Please refund my purchase."
,Recommended,406290,22419759,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,DEVO,High quality imagining of the boardgame with multiplayer support. If you like strategy boardgames and aren't afraid to use a little brainpower this will be right up your alley.
76561197982429518,Not Recommended,406290,22646113,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,cube_030,"At least it is not the $44 the board game costs so I did not waist that much money. Unless you are willing to memorize the complete deck and use that knowledge to overcome the random nature of deck build the game becomes overwhelming. Unfortunately, I tried to play this game one last time and now I am at three hours and cannot get a refund."
,Recommended,406290,22406094,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Kitty Rampage,"Twilight Struggle is a PC adaptation of the board game of the same name. The Twilight Struggle board game is perhaps one of the best received board games of all time, holding a spot at the top of the BGG list for nearly a decade. The PC adaptation is solid, though much better when played against another human as the AI is both mercilessly difficult at times as well as very slow to act each turn which can make playing against the AI agonizing.Hopefully the AI is patched in the future, as of now I'd solidly recommend the game if you have a friend to play with, but if you plan to rely on the AI you might want to hold off a bit."
,Recommended,406290,25108472,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Squishpoke,"America doesn't go first?! What kind of Marxist bullsh*t are they trying to pull here?""Flower Power""? What is this hippy crap?You can LOSE the game by starting a nuclear war?! Excuse me, but WHAT?! What the hell is the point of this game, then?Ronald Reagan isn't a auto-win, go figure. And the ""Star Wars"" card has nothing to do with the movies!Conclusion: This is a TERRIBLE game for SOCIALIST, GENDER-CONFUSED HIPPIES."
76561198014967518,Not Recommended,406290,22651690,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,B52Ltd,"Unplayable in its current state. Buttons don't work on fullscreen mode, and various functionalities(like re-alignment rolls) stop working after a few rounds with no discernible way to avoid the bug. I will edit this review if it becomes workable, but currently it's worse than a beta.Edit: Its been over a month, this game is still unplayable. The controls simply stop working after round three. I wanted to like this game, I love the board game version, one of the best out there. How this game is positively rated is beyond. In all my years on steam I have never once sought a refund. I will for this game."
,Recommended,406290,22736803,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,alxvdark,"Fascinating game and this is a good implementation. The biggest failing is that you cannot save a game against the computer, and the board game on which this video game is based is a long game. I have yet to play all the way through before having to quit and at that point, you lose the state of your game.The video game implementation should not let a learner like me lose the war by reducing DEFCON below 2. It should just say, ""you can't do that, it would lead to thermonuclear war (DEFCON 1) and you would lose the game."" Letting the players inadvertently kill themselves is always bad UI.It's also unclear why you can't do things, even when you refer back to the manual. A popup explanation of why an action can't be taken in a region, like why a coup attempt can't be made in a particular country, would be *very* helpful to learning the game. I assume the game knows why an action is valid in a country or not... it should tell the player."
76561198030937485,Recommended,406290,22835499,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Odoacer,I have loved Twilight Struggle as a board game and this version does not disappoint.  I have found the AI to be challenging and would recommend this game to everyone.
76561197996123110,Recommended,406290,22856245,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ischivitch,I already liked this as a Board Game (easily my favorite). The computer version makes for a fun way to kill some time against a computer or to play online. If you are willing to spend the money and want a fun brain teaser to pass some time give it a try.
,Recommended,406290,33621035,Posted: 17 July,all,Borgnine,They couldn't add an IFTHEN line that says IF the AI's move would result in thermonuclear war and lose them the game THEN don't do it? Or how about IF they have a scoring card in hand on the last action round THEN ♥♥♥♥ing play it? Just email me the damn source code I'll do it.
,Recommended,406290,23966203,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dr. Pupper,"Awesome game. It captures the tense atmosphere of the Cold War in a simple board game format. It's the type of game where I'll start playing it for what I think is 10 minutes, but when I check the time 2 hours have passed."
,Recommended,406290,23957511,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,newkillerstar27,"One of my absolute favorite board games finally comes to Steam! The game itself is pretty close to perfect, though I do have a few minor problems with it. First, the AI can be very random. A lot of times it is going to go for the continents that haven't scored yet, but occasionally it will just start trying to take over Africa or one of the Americas in the early war. What the hell? Also, it tends to get stuck in a oneupsmanship contest if it's trying to take over one of your countries that it has the scoring card for. Overall, the AI is very predictable, and while it can squeek out a win here and there, experienced players are going to have no problems with it.Second, I do wish that you had a little more control on being able to take back your plays once you've set them into motion. They've done a pretty good job at addressing this, but during the Headline Phase, for instance, I wish that you could change cards up until your opponent has chosen one.Finally, try to avoid playing the card, De-Stalinization, while playing as the USA. It can sometimes take upwards of 5 minutes for your opponent to figure out how they're going to use the card, which is some ridiciulous downtime.Overall though, an excellent adaptation, and one that I've already gotten 70+ hours out of."
76561198069059656,Not Recommended,406290,22472385,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Anyname,THE AI IS REALLY POOR !!!!!Twice in a row the AI opens the game with a coup in the Philipines with the China Card... I've played a long time on Vassal and never ever saw that...And then it plays destalinization at Defcon 5 only using 2 relocalization instead of 4 and places them in Lebanon and Laos... I mean really this game is a rip-off !!!
76561198059643100,Not Recommended,406290,22503202,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,gorgoneion,The game has unfortunately frozen many times over in the last 10 minutes I played it.I wouldn't recommend it as long as you don't want to purchase it now in order to gain the discount and then wait faithfully for a - hopefully - speedy update that may resolve the game's issues.
76561198065387060,Not Recommended,406290,22530953,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,eldanar,"I'm a big fan of the physical boardgame. I love it.The PC version however is a tragedy wrapped in a disaster served with a side of screw you.The bugs are so horrible that actually playing the game is impossible.Constant nuclear wars because the AI is too dumb to see that we're at DEFCON 2 is bad enough, but being told that the AI won when starting a nuclear war takes the glowing cake.Right now the game is akin to masturbating with a cheese grater, should be fun but it hurts like hell."
76561198025396221,Not Recommended,406290,22876720,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,iworkatcostco,"This is a very nice reproduction of the board game. I rarely get to play the physical game anymore, so I've been looking forward to this version for a while. The visual/audio flourishes are a nice touch, and the UI is very clear so you always know what's happening.My main gripe is with the AI. For any veteran of the game, the current AI is pretty much a punching bag. For example, I always give them the maximum handicap of 10 influence, and I usually end the game with Domination/Control of all regions without much effort. It's really that bad. While it's understandable that the AI has to cater towards new players, getting to play against a skillful AI was a big draw for me. I hope that Playdek gets the AI to a point where we can choose the difficulty level of solo play.Overall: Good production, but AI needs serious work. As much as I would like to recommend this game, I can't do it until the AI has improved."
,Recommended,406290,22420844,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Narkulus,"I've got to admit to being a total noob at Twilight Struggle, but I can see it has got some deep strategy and I'm going to enjoy learning the game. Playdek has done a great job with the game and plan on strengthening the A.I., which currently is not a challenge for seasoned players. The only real weakness in my eyes is the user interface, which is acceptable, but it feels like a stepping stone to tablets which is Playdek's forte. I hope they refine it a little more specifically for PC in the future.I don't want to go into gameplay too much as I'm certainly not an expert and there are some great resources out there you can look at, such asboardgamegeekandtwilightstrategy.com. But I will say it's an interesting and very different take on a wargame using influence instead of armies, and event cards to place that influence. Some randomness in the game comes in the form of dice rolling for coups and realignments to shift influence and balance in both ""countries"" and the more important, higher scoring ""battleground countries"". I could say a lot more about gameplay, but there's so much going on with this game I'd just suggest looking at the links above. I'm glad this great board game has made it to steam, giving players who otherwise would never experience it, the opportunity to play.A definite 8/10 for me.Pros:It's Twilight Struggle, it's held the #1 spot on BGG for several years.Chess-like in strategy, but with some randomness too.A deep, but very different strategy board game unlike anything else out there, unique gameplay mechanics.A game about the Cold War with each card being an event from that era. I lived thru some of that.An ok tutorial to get you started and make you thirst for more info about the games strategic layers.Cons:A few bugs, especially if you don't have the game set in your monitors resolution.Some UI shortcomings.No PC specific enhancements such as keyboard shortcuts, right mouse clicks.Can't view all the card's text at once in your hand, you must click each one and scroll thru the cards which is a bit of a chore when your a noob like me."
76561198027208327,Not Recommended,406290,22665033,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Pasha,"Terrible. Just terrible.Inability to take back some headline plays (but not others!), inconsistent AI competency, and the long♥♥♥♥♥""AI is thinking"" times make this game almost unplayable."
76561198301780887,Not Recommended,406290,22768355,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kalense,"The user interface of this implementation of Twilight Struggle is horribly ugly, with nasty colours, bizarre decisions to alter the order of things relative to the board-game (why is the DEFCON track backwards?), animated nonsense, and the glitzy blinking on and off of everything is driving me bonkers. This seriously hurts my eyes. Horrible, horrible, GUI.I love Twilight Struggle but I have no idea whether the AI of this implementation is any good - I just wasted the cost price of this game because the nasty interface means I simply can't play this horror."
76561198044267644,Not Recommended,406290,22524860,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Butik,"Come one ppl. So MUCH BUG. Can not finhish single game. Crashed on turn 9. VERY FRUSTATED. Plaese fix this annoyance. Will change opinion when (or if) this impoves. Also SO MUCH CPU usage. I don't this this AI is HAL 9000, please people optimize."
76561198030817499,Not Recommended,406290,23187024,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,jmorr,"The game concept is good but it is poorly implemented. In single player the game appears to cheat. I guess this is so the AI can have a better chance but it is annoying. The opponent seems to know what cards you have in your hand and plays accordingly. The opponent also seems to know what card you play for the headline phase. I played a card that would cancel  the card the AI played in the headline phase. Guess what happened? It played a useless card. Hence, I got not advantage. Why would the AI play the card unless it knew what I played? As the rest of the turn played out, I saw the AI play cards that would have been much more appropriate to play in the headline round.I started reading comments from other players. One person said he must be the unluckiest person in the world because of the rolls the soviets were getting. I decided to watch the die rolls during a game. My die rolls averaged to 3.3 which is slighly low but reasonable. My opponent's die rolls average 5.0. This is way beyond chance."
76561197974897268,Not Recommended,406290,22467042,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,legalize incest,"Seems quite buggy, I have to click several centi meters next to a button to make it respond, some buttons seem impossible to press. Unplayable for the time being.(Could be a problem on my end but doubt it)"
76561198091857649,Recommended,406290,22495775,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,az508,"Good game but full of bugs.For example If you dont use certain resolution in the full screen mode, you may unable to click every button unless you move the mouse to someplace near the button you want to click.It's Twilight Struggle, so positive. But for this implementation itself, I cant say its good enough."
,Recommended,406290,25020596,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Stairmaster,do you have friends who like board games and also possess basic literacy? You should buy this.
,Not Recommended,406290,24142103,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,tom.muth,"Great game, but the latest update really messed with the responsiveness of the game. much slower and freezes up sometimes. Please fix!"
76561197971529043,Recommended,406290,22485795,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,simonhaldon,"This is simply a fantastic port of the boardgame. The AI is 'beginner' player level although it knows all the 'gotchas', if you avoid those, you'll beat it every time. I instead challenge myself to win earlier and earlier in the game. It's still fun, very well done in terms of interface etc. and hopefully they improve the AI, which I believe is a clearly stated aim from the developers for future patches.I've not noticed any bugs, after about 20 games.Now - how about doing Paths of Glory next??? :)"
76561198262136130,Not Recommended,406290,22898046,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,tripswithtires,"This implementation is very mediocre if not bad. Each of the free online implementations of this game that I've seen were better (and since shut down because of this one, which is fair).ComplaintsNo way to access full help while in-gameScrolling in the help window zoom the map behind itUndo placement of starting influence removes ALL influence (not the most recently placed one)When zoomed all the way out you can't see the whole map (either part of Asia or part of America is cut off) and you can't resize the game windowCan't scroll backwards in the game logAnimations for the other player's action are quite fast and can't be replayedIn all, this is not worth the steep $15 price."
76561198049196497,Not Recommended,406290,29553089,Posted: 28 January,all,mykdeans,Really hard to figure out What Just Happened when you can't see the text of the played card; doesn't explain why effects didn't get applied; seems to be for those who already know how to play rather to learn the game.
76561198070994306,Not Recommended,406290,22534027,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sese,This is an alpha build for a price of polished game.
76561197971555404,Not Recommended,406290,24085978,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Brian Boru,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. There's nothing inherently wrong with it, just that it's not very engaging either from a gameplay perspective or as a Cold War play through. Winning requires mastering a very specific strategy and unless you play in that very specific pattern defeat is almost certain. It all comes down to knowing when the cards will appear in the deck and learning what order to play them in. Each game plays out in the same pattern. I think the premise is great but the execution left something to be desired.Like I said there's nothing technically wrong with the game other than it's not much fun. I'm sure some people will like it but I found it so limiting that it became dull almost immediately."
,Not Recommended,406290,29513498,Posted: 26 January,all,FunnyCat,Notice should be more obvious and notable.
,Recommended,406290,22405295,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MaroBaro,Thank you!
,Recommended,406290,22657028,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"A wonderful gem of a game with some minor balance issues but still a great time and good by at the current price point, especially for history buffs.  People unfamiliar with the time period (SHOULD GO EDUCATE THEMSELVES :P) may not enjoy the game as much as those of us who know the history.  Short Let's Play to inform purchasioning decisions can be found at:https://youtu.be/OXy2LeySC2MFull screen and other videos can be viewed at:http://www.youtube.com/c/LittleMacscorner"
76561198011994310,Not Recommended,406290,22557127,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Zombie_Mack,"If you like a game of ""Head's you win, tales I lose,"" this is your game.UPDATE: Oh, I see they've released an expansion. Gutsy move! Takes guts to release an expansion to a game that never worked well to start."
76561198007309045,Not Recommended,406290,23200037,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,the_vodka_kid,This is a great boardgame....BUT GMT what have you done...how can you put your name to this buggy unplayable PC version.Interface dosent work it jams up...or will not react to where you click on the screen only to react in another place altogethermassive waste of money. This reminds me of the bad old days of gaming in the 80s when devs kicked out any old rubbish just to get the cash in
76561198123069794,Not Recommended,406290,23140679,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,david.lancashire,Horrible interface that is totally unusable and simply not fun. I stopped playing on the third action round and will never touch this again. Too bad.
,Not Recommended,406290,22639925,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,MAD_FROGZ,"Well I refunded this game because I don't like luck, draw, based card strategy games (that was a lot of adjectives). I feel since so much of the game depends on the cards drawn it removes a lot of strategy from the game as well I straight up don't like the mechanics. It wasn't grand strategy like I thought. It is just a family board game. (also I encountered a never ending turn bug just fyi)Not my cup of tea/10"
76561198147562072,Not Recommended,406290,27665983,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,laoxionghd,where is the chinese？ It was promised！
76561198075687196,Not Recommended,406290,35250668,Posted: 27 September,all,Steelyboo,"an overtly unbalanced piece of garbage. Either play as Russia, or be prepared to lose far, far, FAR more than you win. According to these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, its a ♥♥♥♥ing miracle the US won the Cold War."
76561198007761167,Not Recommended,406290,22414039,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,geozero,"I might come back and revise this review... but my first few minutes on the game and I could not click out of menues.   The game sort of freezes.EDIT:  Ok so I gave the game a few more tries... I still give it a thumbs down.  Here's why:The freeze issues seem to be a buggy interface whereby the game only plays well in small window... I have a widescreen monitor running at 1920x1080.  If I put the game in this mode, the right side buttons for Asia, and the top right hand button to return to the ""home"" screen just don't work.  Worse, is that many areas of the map will not work and you end up clicking away.  So somehthing is buggy there.  To be fair, from experience in other games, these bugs should be easily fixed.  I'm just surprised to see this issue, a basic bug, not found by the Devs prior to launch.  So get it fixed.When I did play at the smaller window size, everything is of course a lot smaller so pretty hard to read.  Still I played a game.  It went 3 turns or about 18 ""rounds"", as there are approx. 6 rounds per turn or something like that (this is an adaptation of a board/card game so it tries to mimmick and stay true to the real game).I played as the EAST or Soviets.  I found that the PC opponent AI takes a long time to ""think"", and the only clue that it is thinking and not that the game froze is the small spinning icon of the eagle on the top left side, and a small text description at the top center screen.  Other than that you'd swear the game is stuck.I with there would have been a more prominent display in the middle showing AI is thinking, even an hour glass.  ANYTHING in the middle would be great.  More frustrating though is WHY is the AI taking so long.  More complex games are faster, and I have a i7 multi core PC with 32GB of RAM and there should be no reason why it takes so long for the AI to think.I found that the opponent AI was overly aggressive... see below.GAMEPLAY:  Ok so as I said I finally played as the EAST.  The first things I did was spread influence in Eastern Europe... on the first ""setup"" turn that is all you can do.  So I spread influence evenly with a bit more into East Germany.Once the first turn came (after the initial setup), the WEST did a political coup in North Korea, and grabbed influence there. Oddly enough I had no influence in the setup and it doesn't even allow the EAST to do influence outside of Eastern Europe as mentioned above.The next rounds was the same, concentration only in Eastern Europe, then a little into the Middle East.  The Cuban ""card"" was used and Cuba went to the EAST side as expected (oddly enough it was the WEST AI that threw this card... WHY?).  Then the WEST starts a war in Korea and LOSES, causing DEFCON to move to Defcon 3... not a good situation... the WEST starts a war, they lose and then DEFCON triggers.Once that turn ended DEFCON moved to 4.  Phew...Then more weird stuff happens.  I begin to spread thin influence in as many countries as I can in Africa and Middle East.  The WEST throws the Pakistan-India War card.  Pakistan wins (we sided with them so we gained influence there),  DEFCON remains at 4.I add more influence to Korea, Vietnam, Haiti, and African countries... I even influence ISRAEL and have more influence there.Then the WEST does another attempt to coup Korea.  We go to DEFCON 2 although it is unsuccessful for the WEST.The turn ends... we move to turn 3 (mind you there are several ""rounds"" in each turn).I decide to try a coup myself and do so in South Africa... it Fails, the DEFON goes to 1, nuclear war and the EAST loses.OK, I get that the EAST could in theory lose early on in the game, BUT what I don't get is why DEFCON should be so radical when the WEST tries and FAILS a coup.  I would think that there would be DEFCON changes if the ""aggressor"" wins, but the WEST was acting most aggresive, while I was playing a fairly low key EAST, just spreading light influence.Almost all the major issues happened as a result of the WEST, Cuba, Korean War, and 2 wars in Pakistan-India, all were caused by the WEST.  Yet the WEST wins???Maybe I am missing something.  I will continue to play, and if I find that the game is better will add comments here.CONCLUSION:  game shows a few bugs, opponent AI is overly aggressive, end of game came far too quick."
,Recommended,406290,22403687,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,jacky20085pm,"The Cold War and ChinaAn easy test from high school history test from ChinaIn May 1984, Deng Xiaoping, when receiving visitors, indicated that “Chinese won't play America Card or Soviet Card, also won't allow others to play China Card.” What does it mean?A.China supports neither America nor Soviet.B.China doesn't support Soviet and doesn’t need support from the Soviet .C.China, America and Soviet should be friends and should be equal.D.China's independent foreign policy of peace.The right choice :D卜要告诉我你选错了！#006 The China Card Time: Early War Side: Neutral Ops: 4This card begins the game with the USSR. When played, the player receives +1 Operations to the Operations value of this card if it uses all its Operations in Asia. It is passed to the opponent once played. A player receives 1 VP for holding this card at the end of Turn 10.Few country can help a highly underdeveloped country to build a preliminary framework of complete industrial system. Chinese people will never forget Soviet's generous assistance, just as Chinese will never forgive Soviet's greedy claim. In the early stage of Chinese Civil War (AKA War of Liberation), Soviet suggests that CCP (Chinese Communist Party) should let KMT (Chinese Nationalist Party) take control of the northeast China. Soviet also forces CCP to stop the war, and dislodges Northeast Bureau of CCP by tanks. Because of the statements above, Mao Zedong has no affections of the big brother Soviet. On the other hand, the capricious personality and the reneged move of Stalin furtherly irritate CCP, who have just become the new leader of east Asia during the Korean War. Finally, when Khrushchev put forward the plan of ""joint fleet"" and ""radar station, “Mao Zedong immediately denounced that “Stalin's Great Russian chauvinism is shown again.” Thus the armies of the two countries have faced off at the both sides of the border for years, and Ussuri River conflict broke out at last. China even held the olive branch offered by Nixon from the other side of Pacific Ocean. Up to 1979, the new leader of China went to Houston, with a cowboy hat and a big smile on his face and the People's Liberation Army captured Lang Son revealed the truth which has been repeated countless times: No permanent friends no permanent enemies ，only permanent interests.邓小平在 1984 年 5 月接见外宾时指出：“中国不打美国牌，也不打苏联牌，中国也不允许别人打中国牌”，其含义是A．中国不支持美国，也不支持苏联B．中国不支持苏联，也无需苏联支持C．中、美、苏要友好平等D．中国奉行独立自主的外交政策为一个一穷二白的大国建立起完整工业体系的初步框架，这种事情没有几个国家可以做出来。中国人民不会忘记苏联对中国的慷慨帮助，正如不会忘记它对中国的贪婪索取。早在解放战争时期，苏联表示CCP应当把东北让给KMT、威胁CCP不能打内战、用坦克驱赶CCP东北局……东泽毛便对苏联老大哥没有十足的好感，抗美援朝时期斯大林的反复无常、出尔反尔也令初掌天下的CCP颇为不满。终于在赫鲁晓夫向中国提出“联合舰队”和长波电台等要求时，东泽毛当即怒斥“怎么斯大林的大国沙文主义那一套又出来了！”以至于最终在中苏边境陈兵百万，在珍宝岛擦枪走火……甚至，在1972年握住尼克松越洋伸来的橄榄枝……直到1979年，中国的新领袖在休斯敦戴上牛仔帽微笑致意、解放军挺进谅山，让我们更加看清那句被重复了无数遍的真理：没有永远的朋友，没有永远的敌人，只有永远的利益。（via默问苍天 ）"
76561198084745544,Not Recommended,406290,23614249,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,aaron.cleavin,AI far too weak
,Not Recommended,406290,31887795,Posted: 21 May,all,sixthecat,"TS plays alright, but it has a huge programming problem. It overheats machines to scary hot!I like playing this game, but it isn't worth the damage it causes. Multiple complaints from people for this problem. It is not worth the risk."
76561197963188618,Not Recommended,406290,25097161,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Oralapostel [GER],"If you like luck in a boardgame, this one might be for you. Otherwise stay away from it.In general the computer adaptation is fine, but the boardgame is heavily skewed towards luck. So as long as you mind losing a game, in which you played fine, I recommened not to play this."
,Not Recommended,406290,22446313,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lenny,Just dont
76561198095951352,Not Recommended,406290,33796345,Posted: 25 July,all,teeles,Way too hard and unforgiving. Games 'difficulty slider' has no effect - AI seems to know what score card I have and wins in the Early War becasue of this. Not got past early war. Not fun. If you're willing to put the time in then do so but otherwise I've got too many other games to play.
76561198012913500,Not Recommended,406290,29199199,Posted: 12 January,all,birrhan,"Kind of a terrible game.  It's more a comment about the original board game, but the controls are clunky, not intuitive, and quite detailed.  Felt like I had to bring my A game to the tutotial.  Capricious.  Not recommended."
76561198033405369,Not Recommended,406290,22980749,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Brzem,"2/10It has a card ""The opponent lose game"""
76561198047504592,Not Recommended,406290,22432235,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ColicMite,nope
,Not Recommended,406290,32445024,Posted: 15 June,all,Garrett,"I found the game once atmospheric because of its soundtrack.That was an essential part for me buying the game, whichby the way feel like a real cool board-game, but....:The developer found it appropriate to change the soundtrackto some MPU401-beep-nightmare afterwards.So before the change I would have give 10/10with the sound changed 5/10 .I got too many game on my POS , so that the game has to bedeleted. No recommendation."
,Recommended,406290,25016960,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,kirxcy,"Best board games, with good UX for this digital version. (y)"
76561198009961865,Recommended,406290,24269274,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,quantum0d0,"It's an all too rare pleasure and privilege to come back and give this a GREAT review.It's a beautiful port of a great board game to video game, and stands as the best example of a board game on PC that I have ever played.I actually have withdrawals when I can't play this game, and I was literally emotionally bummed out when right in the middle of several games it had bugs in the game mechanics, causing the progream not to work.  HAD them, I say, in past tense, because the development gods heard m prayers, descended from heaven, and FIXED not only the bugs of which I was aware but some few others.I said I'd come back and change my review if they fixed them, and so here I am, eating my words.If you love great, intense, deep strategy board games, buy the board game.  If you love intense, deep, strategy video games, buy this video game, too.  The whole damn thing is a masterpiece.  The circle is complete.(Now, if 2K Games and Fantasy Flight will just port Mansions of Madness to PC - XCOM style . . .)"
76561198095893141,Recommended,406290,24751119,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Neuton,10/10An excellent game that is a must-have for strategy-lovers and Cold War fanatics.
76561198277758441,Recommended,406290,24754583,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,STAR,Perfect designed strategic boarding game!
76561198131926054,Recommended,406290,24630973,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Xeinar dies a lot - ITA,"8/10A great strategy boardgame which has been brought on PC with high fidelty.The game is so interesting, as it involves a lot of ""out of the schema"" thinking. Rules are nor many nor difficult, yet expect to play the tutorials and a few matches to fully understand them.From a technical point of view, there are no flaws to highlight. The Devs keep actively on supporting the game, they also included hotseat recently and today the released a new patch to fix minor issues. There is a small but dedicated community for multiplayer, and the chanche of using a system similar to the good old PBEM allows playing matches spanned over multiple sessions or even in an asynchronous way.The AI is competent, will pose a threat and is able to win, even if in the long run you'll probably be able to beat it consistently.Highly reccommended."
76561197976107670,Recommended,406290,24783700,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,513_Osiris,"If you are a child of the 80's or a cold war history buff and a board game fan, this game is for you! it has great depth and complexity, good replayability, and the AI is not a pushover!  There is also online multiplayer, but I tend to struggle with asynchronous games (if I dont sit down and just play, I often get distracted with other work and never return for my turn...)GREAT board game."
,Recommended,406290,24158174,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Galactic Jack,Fantastic game.Not a big fan of hidden achievements.
76561198109538256,Recommended,406290,24636465,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ciaos_chaos,Interesting! But needs Chinese
76561198064865192,Recommended,406290,24639202,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kolmogorov,"Great game, good implementation."
,Recommended,406290,24577932,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,爱阔少,"Recommended to people who are new to this board game. It's a good start especially if you don't have a friend to try it out with you.The UI is clean and intuitive, and helps a lot especially on scoring. You can always check the score of every region, and think about global strategy conveniently.The AI isn't that difficult, you'll probably win most games if you totally understand the rule and can remember most cards. That's said, even you don't, you'll get it after several games. The bad thing is, you probably won't know some common strategy by playing with AI, like where to attak first, which card should be hold on hand. The AI is a little bit slow, and it mostly only concern current round, i.e if it holds Asia scoring card in early game but Asia is dominated by player, it still tries putting influence in player controlled contries instead of attacking Africa or Central/South America for a better mid game, which is a waste of Ops and make the situation worse later.When you feel confident, you may try an online game (I haven't tried yet, don't know if you'll find a match)If you are an experienced player, maybe you already have some way to play Twilight Struggle online?(You can find some with Google) Then I guess you don't need this, except for its beautiful UI."
76561198131453215,Recommended,406290,26703450,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,radermecherbob,"Cold war card game.AI very tough.You will lose,early,and often.Wargamers will love this game.Highly recommended"
76561198000580820,Recommended,406290,26934812,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pix,"Brilliant, tense, and (by stealth) educational! One of the best board games of all time translated very smoothly on to PC. Particular highlight is the ability to play over a week or more, allowing almost a play-by-email feel to games when both players have busy lives. Recommended!"
,Recommended,406290,26912815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Angry Wizard,My favourite boardgame of all time gets a faithful and playable digital adaptation.
76561198056466698,Recommended,406290,23812589,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cmray58,Great board game. Just as great on PC.
76561198001874176,Recommended,406290,23789032,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kekekela,"I've got the board game but have never found anyone to play it with, so I was eagerly anticipating this game on Mac and it has not dissappointed.  Just a few hours in but loving it so far.  Tutorial does a good job of not just explaining the mechanics but also lightly touching on some of the subtler strategy."
76561198049374111,Recommended,406290,23806716,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Darts,Just like the board game : )
76561198117819505,Recommended,406290,24211929,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MeanPanda,This UI and interaction with the game is amazing.However here are several bugs that need to be worked out.At ome critical points I was not able to make realignment rolls in certain countries and the Pan-Arab War card some how enable the computer to but 6 incluence in Asia in which it prompty scored the SE Asia...?
76561198010990363,Recommended,406290,24066572,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Zeroremorse,"I was one of the people who helped kickstarter this game a while back and opted for the ps4 version. I couldn't pass up the chance to buy it at a huge discount on steam though.So after some hours of playing this I can easily say that I suck at it. lolEven on max handicap I was only able to take control of Central/South America, Southeast Asia/Asia and most of Europe. I lost when the computer played the Score Middle East and Africa cards and utterly decimated me with victory points.All in all I believe the game has a moderate learning curb and eventually everyone can become very talented at it. May just be me but it seems as though the soviets have cards with much better effects than the americans but that just might be me not knowing about their overall weaknesses. I do solidly enjoy the game because it makes you think ahead when placing cards and trying to take strategic countries."
76561198166003945,Recommended,406290,24187466,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,VictorShade,"As an online version to the original board game, this does a fantastic job of bringing the intensity of the game to the computer.  Random games online and against friends are just as nail biting, and the Interface improvements have really stepped up the play experience.If you long intense ""battle"" based games like Axis & Allies, definitely give this a try."
,Recommended,406290,23852065,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,kid flash,♥♥♥♥ this game and giving a big ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i know ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t wins with RNG haven't raged harder.I don't know why I still play it.10/10 would get scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from loudass Soviet march out of no where
76561198030729986,Recommended,406290,22600472,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,EgoDeath,"So far it seems well worth the wait. One of the greatest board games of all time and it's a faithful and good translation to a computer game. The AI is better than I expected, but an experienced TS  player will be able to handle it easily. I like the tutorial for new players, but this is one of those games that looks more complicated to learn than it actually is - a few games against the computer AI should get the average strategy gamer up to speed. The card/board mechanics that the game is actually based on are as good as ever; you must manage cards representing historical events that help one side or the other, and often to make a play you have to hand your opponent an 'event' that helps his efforts. That results in a real feeling of historical progression through the cold war and creates all kinds of problems for each side as they move through the game. At 15 bucks this is an excellent value for a game that never fails to absorb me every time I play it. Hoping a lot of new players are brought into the TS fold thanks to this well-designed PC version."
76561197988179383,Recommended,406290,22761320,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,grimb0,"One of the greatest boardgame implementations to PC. It's all there, even multiplayer and matchmaking work fine.Well done Playdek!"
76561197991155047,Recommended,406290,30740492,Posted: 25 March,all,Cally,"Twilight Struggle is one of my favorite games. I have a long history with playing this game on other online services with Vassal or Warroom. A good game between two skilled opponents is tense all the way to the end and the balance can be shifted through good card hand-management, anticipation of your opponents moves, and a little bit of luck with the dice.The AI opponent is not skilled. It's not completely ludicrous in its behavior, but it does not consistently make the most optimal move by any stretch of the imagination. I have watched the AI headline Indo-Pakistani War when neither country has influence in either of those countries, for example. I have watched the AI, as the US, play the Blockade card with no discard and continuously throw their influence in W. Germany away for no good reason. These are things that can happen, to be sure, and could be the most optimum play under certain circumstances... but when the AI does these moves regularly, it is clear there could still be a little perfecting to be done in terms of the AI's computational skill. There is no setting the AI behavior to ""easy, normal, hard"" difficulty. It plays the same way every time. The only thing you can do to affect the difficulty is grant more influence to a side at start-up. You can choose to play a randomized side, or play with the Chinese Civil War or Late-War Start variants, though.A complete beginner on the other hand would likely find the AI a worthy opponent and quite challenging. The problem is that the game is not all that intuitive to a complete beginner. Given Vassal and Warroom use the game board as it appears on the actual board game, I was surprised to see that the PC game does not use it, really. It compartmentalizes all of the information so you need to click on parts of the screen to really see how many military ops have been gained, what turn it is, what action round it is, where is everyone on the space race, etc. etc.  The one really nice thing about Twilight Struggle as a board game is you can just glance at the board and instantly see the entire situation. You don't have to just remember who's done what as you go along. The PC game decided to clean all of that up by hiding the detailed information in clickable menus and asides. In some cases, this is very good. It's very nice to see an icon and hold the mouse cursor over it to see a tool-tip that reminds you NORAD is in effect. On the other hand, it's inconvenient because one thing you really need to keep in mind is how many Mil. Ops. both sides have in the turn, and it's easy to forget when that info is hidden under a compartmentalized tab.That said, the game does look very polished. There are, for example, recordings of quotes said by each historical figure when that figure's image appears. The DEFCON makes little warning klaxon noises when it lowers. (Thankfully not enough to become annoying.) The cards are easy to read with a nice big font. A lot of love went into this game. If anything I'd almost say it's too well polished. It looks so nice it can be distracting from the info the player needs to take into account when they're actually playing... going back to the compartmentalized information I mentioned before. It's certainly much nicer than Vassal or Warroom, but I feel like functionability went down by the tiniest smidgen as a result. I wish there was an option to just make the screen look like the actual board game.That said, I would recommend it if you've played the game before. The AI might make silly moves at times, but it's not completely incompetent and it's a nice little time waster when you don't feel like taking on a human opponent. I haven't tested the online play yet, but assuming it's just as functional, there shouldn't be any problems there. If you have maybe seen the game once or twice and played it and felt frustrated because you didn't know what to do, then playing this game is certainly a good way to learn.In the end, Twilight Struggle is still Twilight Struggle. The best board-game ever created. The PC copy is actually at least two times cheaper than buying the physical copy, and a thousand times easier to clean up. Recommended, even if one could wish the AI was a little more adept."
76561197985317120,Recommended,406290,22543723,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Purgatus,"This is the digital version of a boardgame that has been at the top of BoardGameGeek's overall list for around a decade now. But buyer beware, this game is very difficult to pick up. Though the rules are actually quite simple, and the tutorial does a great job in getting your feet wet, it will take time and many matches to draw out the potential of this game.Are you willing to:1) Lose repeatedly until you have a grasp on how particular cards will affect the game?2) Go online and search for information on various openings, game states, or plays? (cough)twilightstrategy.com(cough)3) Agonize over whether you should start a Coup in Iran or prepare for an inevitable thrust into South America?If you answer yes to all of these, you will be treated to one on the most engaging, tense, thought-provoking strategy games out there, digital or otherwise!"
,Recommended,406290,22555443,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,kaliyama,Fantastic port of the board game. Single player and tutorial mode is very good for beginners.
,Recommended,406290,22555407,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Igor,"TL;DR: this game needs a bit of patching to be considered a final product but the board game is absolutely great and with a good amount of work this PC release can be as well.I recommend this release with reservations. Unless they patch it, players will get tired of the glitches really fast.=====I've been a fan of the board game since forever and it was a great surprise to see this release. The board game is fantastic, the best designed I've ever played. It's clear to me that this PC release has the potential to get many people hooked up badly.Unfortunatelly, it needs a lot of work to get there. I was hoping it was at least better executed than the old Vassal Engine we used to play TS online but in many aspects it isn't. All the problems with this game (as of 21.04.2016) are fixable. We need patches for:1. FULLSCREEN GLITCHESThe buttons don't work on fullscreen. Some get misplaced but others, like the ""confirm action"" simply don't work at all. This is absolutely shocking because it shows poor testing.2. INFORMATION PLACEMENTThings are badly placed on the screen. To fit everything into a notebook screen you sacrifice the ability to read the country labels (which is a problem for new players). This could've been partially solved by placing scores and logs in a way that uses the holes left by the map (e.g. both sides of the south Pacific, over the Soviet Union, south Atlantic), pretty much like the real board game does. Instead, what they did was squeeze the map between the top and bottom menu layers. Information isn't well distributed, that's what I mean. Bad design.3. SOUNDTRACKThe soundtrack is terrible. I used to play the real board game with the DEFCON soundtrack and the match was perfect. I was expecting something like that but unfortunatelly the soundtrack is terribly annoying. Most of the sound effects are equally poor. All the little noises at the click of every button remind us more of Farmville than of Twilight Struggle Deluxe Edition.Positive things:A. AI IS GOODI've played a match as United States vs the AI and it seems to be as good as you could ask for. It (unfortunatelly) doesn't punish you very hard for mistakes but doesn't make many mistakes of its own either. That's where they must have focused most of their testing and it has paid off. Maybe playing as Soviet Union changes it a bit, the strategies are very different for both sides but my first impression is good.B. DICE OUTCOMES CALCULATEDGreat addition. It's good to see the probabilities and outcomes of specific rolls. You'd have the trouble of calculating them anyway. Having them figured out for you gives it a nice touch.C. SIMPLE CONTROLSYou can play it with a mouse and nothing more. I'll probably play it on my TV (read section 2 for explanation). Can't wait for the PS4 release."
76561198170303843,Recommended,406290,22521042,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,gign18,"Great game, very well carried out. Nevertheless, the client needs a bit of polishing (minor glitches with the AI and counters sometimes) and the multiplier lobby needs a rework imho. But, every fan of Twilight Struggle should invest in this game ;)"
,Recommended,406290,22560717,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Lord_Snow,"Great game, glad I could finally get a chance to play it! Only Criticism is that the AI has one setting: Godlike, so unless you want to spend hours learning the strategies you might be annoyed."
76561198006678035,Recommended,406290,22544282,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,glenn,"Great game. Great implementation. Strong AI.I'm really enjoying this game. As a matter of fact, I'm more than a little addicted."
,Recommended,406290,22503857,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,T4L..DD,Wow. Is there a EASY mode... no :) this game will own you. If you like an♥♥♥♥♥kicking this game is for you.Please fix the FULL windowed mode. Ie to be able to able to click things on screen and close etc.Otherwise this game is unforgiving.
76561198021909195,Recommended,406290,22508827,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,howlingfang,Great port. The AI is good enough to give this casual player a challenge and being able to easily play against friends that are far away is great.
76561197968851498,Recommended,406290,22509000,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Wray,"I have learned that i stink at this game as the AI is mopping the floor with me. Really good implementation, only request is to show what the AI does on its move. The graphics update so quickly it is hard to tell so I have to click the card the AI played to see what they did. But for the initial version, two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,406290,22458921,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Zoo,"Fantastic adaptation of the Twilight Struggle board game. If you've always been interested in the boardgame twilight struggle but never wanted to stump up £40 for it, this is the perfect solution, you can get two copies for half that price and play with a friend, alternatively just pick up one copy and play with people online or against the AI (The AI isn't perfect, and the joy of this game really is in adversarial play). It runs on pretty much anything, the person I play with has a toaster masquerading as a laptop and it works fine on there."
,Recommended,406290,22432573,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Marsonfur,"My overall score for this game is at least 7/10.The bad things are like, the AI likes to place influence in my already controlled country, which is not great since I can use 1 point to fix AI's 2 points; Also sometimes AI does weird decision, like it chooses to coup Libya when I'm going to score an Africa control. But I'm not very experienced in this game, so my points might be wrong.Also the bugs could be annoying; The discard list can be empty sometimes. Looks like it happens when I switch from Player Hand to Discards or Removed cards constantly. Reload the game can fix this.Anyway I hope Playdek can fix the bugs and train a more powerful AI! Thanks for making such a great game! The credit is amazing since there are very few programmers, you guys must be very mighty!P.S. Also hope that Playdek can fix the bug of Agricola, which AI could enter infinite loop sometimes, I think the reason is like others said, the AI can't end thinking when there are improvement cards with plantable fields."
76561197960575648,Recommended,406290,22464248,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Pte.=Arise=.ANZAC 1st,"Great recreation of the physical board game.The AI is good, and makes decent decisions.I haven't tried the online yet, so I cannot comment on that.If you are like me, who love strategy games but are surrounded by people who would rather do something else.This is a Godsend. Get it, you will not regret it."
76561198110765455,Recommended,406290,22603311,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,dayton.thorpe,"Very fun game. As a new player, I wish it had warnings before you play a DEFCON suicide card. I've accidentally done that twice and had interesting games end in easily avoidable ways. It warns you very clearly about the need to play your scoring cards, so why not a warning against playing Olympic Games when the DEFCON is at 2?"
76561198004177898,Recommended,406290,22595046,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,matthewfawbert,"Great game. Faithful to the original. I've played four full games now as US. No undo if you accidentally trigger nuclear war after two hours of play is frustrating if playing for ""fun"". I'd played the board game a few times as both US & USSR but playing as US I found the AI to be a decent challenge. At first I thought it was buggy and there does seem to be a problem in Windowed mode on MAC. However, now I've familiarised myself with the interface and reacquainted myself with some of the more subtle rules, I realise that my initial frustrations  were not bugs but rule enforcement. The layout & interface works a dream once you've got used to it, with ability to sort cards, review each card played impact etc,. I would recommend."
,Recommended,406290,22577434,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Gobbles,Fantastic digital version of the greatest boardgame ever!
76561197987087861,Recommended,406290,25702481,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,The Horror,"This is one of the best two player board games ever made, perfectly adapted to play on the PC. It is a game of the Cold War, pitting US vs USSR in a struggle for global domination, with the ever present threat of nuclear armageddon hanging over every turn. Fairly easy to learn, impossibly difficult to master. Thematically it is perfect, and within two turns you too will begin to think that it may be a good idea to invade Vietnam to stop the spread of Communism..."
76561197986449317,Recommended,406290,28106362,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Stu-T-Rotherham,Great implementation of the board game.Not enough players online to always find a game though and many that are have hundreds of wins and clearly play very often. Best with friends.
76561198123581139,Recommended,406290,28132291,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,binaryflow,"This is the best online implementation I've played. It's not perfect (achievements appear to be broken), but it's a lot better than what went before it."
76561198277358237,Recommended,406290,28341977,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ZebraGod,"GREAT translation of the board game!!!  Really makes for tense decisions :)  i especially love the audio clips; they really add extra flavour.  if you like boardgames, play this one!  it looks dry (i HATE war games normally) but this one is anything but dry.  the theme is so much more complex!  and it's actually a relatively simple game. but hard to strategize."
76561198159059456,Recommended,406290,27701177,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Watchmen,"This game takes a few play throughs to really understand, and I found getting help for some the early strategy is a good idea.  It's based on a board game, and captures the play of it really well.  The only downside is that I've found there's a few times that I lost because a card's rules weren't very clear, but that could be a flaw with the board game as well."
76561198044207086,Recommended,406290,27720201,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Danno77,"Do you like strategic board games? If the answer is yes, you will definitely enjoy Twilight Struggle. An excellent conversion of the #2 rated board game on Board Game Geek. Turn back the commie tide!"
76561198012222775,Recommended,406290,28688560,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sigma Nil,Very nice port of the boardgame. I enjoy playing this against the computer waaay more than I thought I would.
76561198145772051,Recommended,406290,28697260,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,categoriae,"A great, examplar transition from the original card game to a electronized version. classic momentum of thrill stemmting from clash of decks of alerady revealed cards and still untapped cards, and swift increase of Defcons that can lead to a sudden death, no matter how well you plan to manage criseses... STRONGLY recoomended."
76561197976115010,Recommended,406290,28734936,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rglogowski,"This game does a great job of recreating the feeling of cold war era strategy.  If you're a fan of turn based, deep strategy games this is one not to miss."
,Recommended,406290,28690172,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mesterlars,"One of the best boardgames out there. And this implementation is in general very nice.A big negative is the performance impact this has on my macbook air.Just being in the main menu, starts the macs fans spinning like mad - and takes the performance of the computer to a halt. Which is irritating in async boardgame, where you would like to other things on the computer, while you are waiting on your turn. You can't really do that."
76561198010743482,Recommended,406290,31759705,Posted: 14 May,all,Solamnique,"Tutorial : goodThe game is way  faster than it's table conterpart. AI is nice, and a really good way to learn the game!"
76561198203614376,Recommended,406290,32134234,Posted: 2 June,all,Anapoda,"Best boardgame ever most likely, decent video game"
,Recommended,406290,33280836,Posted: 5 July,all,Gigi,"I'll make it short.Loved the board game from the get go and it had rightfull place in no 1 for a long time on boardgamegeek and is my fav 2 player game. Saddly in a week since buying digital version I have not see one game online to join or anyone joining my, so not sure how is that supposed to work unless you have friends to play with.I have not enabled DLC as reviews suggest its not working correctly, but base game works very well and streamlines matches cutting the time considerably if you know the game already.AI is quite poor for even intermediate players, so its probably just geared towards beginners.In general if you have someone to play online buy it, otherwise better get a board version and play with someone in your living room."
,Recommended,406290,22618632,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,m0s,"I give it thumbs up but no Linux version, really? You have an Android version but no desktop Linux version? Lazy!"
,Recommended,406290,33423791,Posted: 9 July,all,RamsayBolton,Cooool!
,Recommended,406290,30364081,Posted: 6 March,all,GIUMANGI,"Twilight Struggle is considered the best boardgame ever. This is its faithful transposition on PC. Play some matches in the single player mode, then start enjoy the competitive multiplayer (matches are ranked as ELO system in chess). Bonus: PC version is crossed with mobile versions. I have both and it is very confortable to switch from a platform to another."
76561197972271226,Recommended,406290,30367138,Posted: 6 March,all,Grimshackle,"A slick, easy-to-use, faithful representation of the highly-rated board game. Nothing to complain about."
76561198096121450,Recommended,406290,32211112,Posted: 5 June,all,j0din,The world went up in nuclear war all because I sponsored the Olympics.10/10 The world was my Olympic flame.
,Recommended,406290,33579188,Posted: 16 July,all,Red4lpha,"I downloaded this game, just to help me learn the board game. After using the tutorial and playing against the AI, I realized how well of an adapation this game is. The tutorial did an excellent job helping me learn the game and the AI is actually challenging(at least for me). Recommended if you're a fan of 2 player board games or hell even if interested in cold war era games."
76561198010539641,Recommended,406290,33017385,Posted: 29 June,all,Shaftie,"Twilight Struggle is one of the best board games ever made.  I make that statement not off of opinion but one supported by facts via aggregated statistics.  See: BoardGameGeek, where this game reigned #1 and is only recently dethroned by flavor of the month games well after a decade of it's reign.  The digital implementation is joyous; I've seen no bugs.  If you're a new player, you may think there are bugs but pay close attention to card verbiage and the tutorial.  If you just lost and you don't understand how it's probably because you were the phasing player while the defcon track moved to thremonuclear war.  Hint: Don't be that guy.Why is this game different?There are 3 types of cards you're dealt.  Your cards, your opponents cards, and neutral cards.  For neutral cards and your cards you have a decision to make.  You will choose to EITHER do what the card SAYS OR spend the numeric value of the card to perform 1 of 3 diffecent actions.  Your opponents cards, when you play them...this is the real !@#$%...what the card says...IT DOES.  Period, no way around it (you can mitigate the impact of the card(s) thru smart play).  This is a two player game.  Not 3.  The AI is decent but it cheats a bit.  Online play is good.The general mood of the game is well done, with the very occasional sound bit upping the tension of this mental slough.If you think you might like this and you're up to the task of learning the rules (there is a great tutorial) then buy this game, you won't regret it.Further mechanics/rules discussion-Card Values, 1 -4, not to be increased beyond 4 or reduced below 1.DEFCON track indicates the required number of military operations points you need.  Improving this means it will move closer to 5, degrading means closer to thermonuclear war.  As this moves it will increasingly limit your ability to interact with your opponents influence on the board.There are ten Turns in which you play out typically either 6 or 7 cards from your hand.  Each card play is an action round.There are technically five different things that you can use cards for, see below--Military realignments:Which is the tradiitonal Risk's ""My die vs your die.""  This tend to become more of thing towards the end of the game.  These are MODIFIED with pluses based off of several factors, if you control a country that's next to the country that's being realigned, +1 (works both ways and for as many countries as applicable.  +1 for the country next to the superpower (US or USSR). +1 for having more influence than your opponent in the country that's being realigned.Space Race:If you meet the varying prerequistes, you may discard a card, typically, once per turn. (You'll almost always do this with your opponents MOST crippling card)Place Influnce:This is how you ""put your army"" into the battlespace.  Typically, this is a 1 for 1 investment, if you choose to ""Place Influnece"" using a card with a value of 3, you get to place 3 influence. Remember we're talking about the cold war thou, so you're actually just flexing your polical might.  Influence is how you take control of contries.  If you opponent already controls the country (you need to have X MORE than a the number annotated on the country for controll) then it will cost you 2 points to place 1 influence.  There are more details to this but I won't continue to discuss them.Conduct a Coup:Attack a country removing and potentially replacing your opponents influence in a country. Coups modify the afforementioned DEFCON track when their targets are certain countries.  How does a COUP work?  Remember that number on every country that you must have MORE of then you opponent to control it.  That's effectively it's defense for the purpose of coups.  Take Iran for example, you must have 2 MORE than your opponent in influence to control the country, with coups you double that number which now becomes 4.  I use a 4 value card to coup Iran.  I've already met the requirement for the coup to be successful...now it's a matter of how much of my opponents influnce I'm taking away.  Lets say there is 4 of my opponents influence in that country.  I will subtract an influence based off my die roll, I roll a 5. 4 - 5 = -1 So I would completely remove all 4 of my opponents influence and add 1 of my own.  Coups are your primary method of obtaining required military operations.  That's coups in a nutshell.The above 4 choices you're performing based off of the numerical value on the card (to include space race to an extent), below is not so.Play the Event:What the card says happens, happens.  Sometimes the card will enable you to do things you could not otherwise do, like place 1 influence into a country you cannot access or your opponent controls.  Just rtfc.  NOW, recall earlier I said if you're playing your opponents card, the event happens, period (there is one card in the game that prevents this).  You're still presented with a choice when playing an opponents card, you can either have the event resolve before OR after you've used the card for it's operations value (the number on the card).  Always being able to make this decision helps you mitigate the impact of playing something your opponent will, most of the time, benefit from.Yes, the rules ar daunting, but a more satisfying board game you'll be hard pressed to find once you've learned how to play.I'm an amatuer and have only been playing a few months.  Play USSR if you're new.  The typical online game will bid for sides with the USSR taking a slight handcap for the superior early game."
76561198130015460,Recommended,406290,33067873,Posted: 30 June,all,code_rim,"Very exciting a game! The AI's skills are more than expected, but still sometimes move unwisely, i.e. pouring influence points into regions that show no hope for changing the side, a waste of influence. Dying for more event cards, more play mods!!! Suggestions: more history-based events / possible extensions to history after 1991 the USSR collapsed.Using the same engine a presidential election game can be created!"
76561198000493031,Recommended,406290,33151644,Posted: 2 July,all,Horatios Weepy Dick Cheese Fish,"Twilight Struggle:- Git Gud Comrade!I downloaded this after a friend got me 'Twilight Struggle' as a board game, and after finding a dearth of people to play against in my home town, I picked up this version during the Summer Sale. While I do reccommend it, I have a number of caveats listed below.1) Victory or loss in the Tabletop version of this game is heavily dependent on Luck, and that carries over to this version. However, when you play against the AI, the way in which dice rolls are presented is very 'tell don't show', and when combined with the way in which they seem to come out , it makes it appear that the AI is manipulating the rolls. Whether or not it is, I don't feel qualified to say.2) The same goes for cards: The AI is uncannily good at predicting your cards and what you're going to do with them. This could be down to good programming, but if that is the case then there  should be levels of AI for duffers to play against (think Carter, Kennedy, Reagan levels of opponent). Don't pick this version up and expect it to teach you the game: playing against the AI looking to improve is like asking for tips on a Dark Souls Forum.3) Once you're playing against a fellow human, some of the cards are difficult to use. E.G. Destalinisation (in the game, this is take 4 influence and move it somewhere  else) if you mislay one piece of influence, the only recourse is the 'undo' button, which takes you right back to the start of the process, which can often take quite a while: something punishing for new players up against the clock.4) As a colourblind dude, some of the regions can be quite muddy. One of my recent defeats was because I undertook a Coup in a country, mistaing the region it was in, as it was on the frontier of 2. There should be an ability to find out exactly which regions countries are in (possibly an info box). Likewise, there should be a  Window/Menu for seeing the state of the world in precis. Several cards seem to be based on who has the most regions/ battlegrounds in the world, and an ability to see this immediately would be nice.Beyond that, its more-or-less the same as the board game."
76561197972462277,Recommended,406290,33208215,Posted: 3 July,all,chriskessel,"It's a thumbs up, the game is a good port of the board game.My biggest complaint is the AI, even after all this time, it just does really stupid things. For example, the Sadat card kicks Russian out of Egypt and gives the US an influence. The AI used it as a 1 point influence placement, while leaving my 3-1 Russian lead in Egypt alone. Played as the event, it'd have been a 4 point influence point swing.Now, I get sometimes that 1 point in one place is worth giving up more points elsewhere, but this wasn't one of them, it wasn't even close. I don't expect an AI to be fantastic in an indie game, but this is an easy calculation (events vs ops points) and the AI does them poorly."
,Recommended,406290,30517015,Posted: 14 March,all,Pimpstar,"I just started playing the board game version with a buddy and wanted something to allow me to 'get up to speed' with him. Suffice to say, 10 hours later I feel a lot more comfortable taking him on now. The computer AI isn't great but was perfect for practicing against. Since the online portion is through Playdek I'm hoping we can play cross platform."
76561198139568190,Recommended,406290,35401538,Posted: 1 October,all,dlo619,Fun game and excellent translation from the board version.
