user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,406550,24192787,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ＫＯＳ－ＭＯＳ,"Edit: Played entire series (1-8) before Steam release.Umineko is, and always will be, the perfect mystery story to me. Don't let the fact that it's a visual novel from Japan put you off; it's not a tiddie tale. It's an undeniably thrilling magical murder mystery that, like its predecessor Higurashi, poses several questions over 4 arcs and then explains them in 4 answer arcs (known as Umineko Chiru). Compared to Higurashi though, Umineko is on a whole other league.The story deals with mystery, murder, life & death, the occult, magic, choice, love, and even delves so deep as to deal with issues of identity amongst other things I can't mention due to spoilers. It also has some really fantastic music ranging from classical pieces to pussi-poppin' EDM(-ish) tracks.I can't do this story justice with my words; let its own words explain why this story altered my life from the moment I first read it.P.S. If the artstyle puts you off, try searching around for the PS3 patch (when it comes out for the Steam release), or play it with the original Ryukishi sprites."
,Recommended,406550,24193224,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,AlkaSeltzer,"I'LL SAY IT IN RED: LIFE-CHANGING/10. A MUST-BUY.Like Lord of the Rings and the Silmarillion before it, reading Umineko no Naku Koro ni quite literally changed my life and perspective. You might think that sounds like ridiculous hyperbole--it's 'just' a Visual Novel, are youtrulycomparing it to one of the greatest high fantasy epics of all time? Yes, yes I am. Umineko touched something inside me that is difficult to explain in words alone, something that has to be experienced for yourself to be understood.Even if you are not normally one to read Visual Novels, I would highly recommend Umineko (and have, many times before, to anyone that would listen to me--or would not listen to me. Occasionally I'd clamp on to random passers-by on the street), because it is anything but your average VN. Apart from one at the very end of the series (as in the Answer Arc, which will no doubt be released on Steam in time as well), there are no choices to be made, only a pure rollercoaster-ride of a novel to savour.The only negative point I could possibly say is that, as I mentioned before, as of now only the Question Arc has been released on Steam, so when you have inevitably consumed the first four Episodes in 1-2 days filled with nothing but feverish reading, you'll have to look elsewhere for the Answer Arc--at least for the moment.In short:Do you revel in unraveling mysteries that actually challenge you instead of spoon-feeding you all the answers?Umineko no Naku Koro ni is for you.Do you enjoy a large cast of multi-layered, fascinating characters with complex motivations and an intricate plot?Umineko no Naku Koro ni is for you.Do you enjoy heart-wrenchingpiano piecesand/or some of the most upsweeping, flat-out badasselectronic musicyou've ever come across; an OST so gripping to the point where Umineko was actually marketed as a Sound instead of a Visual Novel in Japan?Umineko no Naku Koro ni is for you.Did you watch the anime and come out disappointed, thinking the concept of it sounded infinitely better than its execution, which was marred by one-dimensional characters, more holes in its plot than a piece of cheddar, and nonsensical writing that was so inconsistent to the point it became actually impossible to solve the mystery?Umineko no Naku Koro ni is for you.Welcome to Rokkenjima.The Golden Witch extends her heartfelt greetings. Please, relax and put yourself at ease.There's no need to think overly hard about any of this.Quietly accept all that is about to happen.That is all that's being asked of you..."
,Recommended,406550,24195139,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,OctoChan,"Allow me to say something in red:This is the greatest video game of all time.I do not make this statement lightly.  This game stole the entire summer of 2013 from me; I never expected to lose 150 hours to a visual novel, but I did.  Umineko kept me on the edge of my seat for a solid three months.  An engrossing narrative, an unforgettable cast of characters, and a flawless original score firmly established it as my personal gold standard of video game storytelling.  No other game has even come close to eliciting the feelings that Umineko did.It's so hard to explain without spoiling!  What starts as a murder mystery slowly unravels into a complex network of interesting story threads.  Alternate timelines, debates on the existence and nature of magic, a tragic family history, and the self-deconstruction of the mystery genre; they all come together in a drama that constantly forces you to re-examine everything you think you know about what's going on.It's a Kinetic Novel, which means you have no actual interaction with the story.  Umineko never asks you to make a choice, or save-scum your way past dozens of BAD ENDS.  There's no actual game-play in the game, because it's all going on in your head.  You'll be trying to solve all of the mysteries right next to the characters in the game.  Hell, I had to write down actual notes to keep tabs on certain key plot points.I literally have a folder of everything I would need to re-install and re-patch the game on three separate USB hard drives, because I want to be able to play through this game one last time on my death bed.Oh, let me tell you about the install process.  You want to know what I had to do just to run this game three years ago?  First, I had to download and install the original game.  Then I had to patch it with the fan translation.  Then I had to install the patch that replaces the original character and background art with the art made for the PS3 release.Oh, and because Umineko is two games, I had to do this twice.But no!  Here comes MangaGamer, offering you and I the chance to easily download and install the game through Steam!  Now you have no excuse not to play it!And good on MangaGamer for using The Witch Hunt's translation.  These guys deserve a Nobel Prize for putting out a fan translation with over a million lines.There are some... unfortunate removals.First, you're stuck with the the original background art.  It's a minor thing, but it really clashes with the new sprite work.Secondly, one of the most chilling moments from episode one was the first time I heard 'system0'.  It plays during a pivotal scene, and it's made much more terrifying by opening with a voice clip from 'Star Trek: First Contact'.  This voice clip is absent from this version, and I feel that something is lost in the process.  There may have been other musical changes, but I haven't noticed any.  Tsurupettan is still here THANK GOD!Minor issues.  You're still reading through the same text and listening to (mostly) the same music that had me spellbound for 150 hours.  This game was a landmark moment in my life, and you would doing yourself a grave disservice to not play though it."
,Recommended,406550,32171782,Posted: 4 June,all,*^SaoSin^*,"To point out why Umineko is great we will need much more words. It is a classic VN without a doubt. A definitive must buy for all mystery lovers. Story is dimensional, twisted, outstanding, and it cannot be predicted. It is a duel between reality and phantasy. Care about details is magnificent. Only one title reminds me of such exact craft and gruesome sights, it is “House in Fata Morgana”.How far can we deny truth?Do we believe in miracle?Can we overcome fate?Umineko after voice patch is deeply fun. It is satisfying experience in all long run, even considering some small annoyances there and there – options menu, lack of volume sliders, almost endless game. Anyway, what you need for a perfect mystery mansion tale? Memorable characters, oh and let me add in red “voice acting is top tier”.To feel their humanity.To feel their desires.To feel their sins.“When the music plays”, everything is coming into place, and the scenes are set by mind into motion. Beato displayed how to make games interesting for each one of the 4 chapters. Surpassing my level of imagination, with only very few effects. That’s the power of writing style. Now all what’s left is to wait for another show, in the Answer Arc. ~~Without love it cannot be seen."
76561198059801646,Recommended,406550,33210504,Posted: 3 July,all,Anabanana,"In the field of Chinese literature, there is a classic novel called Dream of the Red Chamber. This is a novel that is so vast in scope and so culturally influential, that it has an entire field of academic study dedicated to it, called Redology. Chinese literature scholars dedicate their entire careers to the critical analysis of this novel.Umineko is the Red Chamber of our generation.As a work of art, Umineko has a certain quality that all literary masterpieces share: it tells a very specific story, but uses its specificity to express universal themes that all of us can relate to. If not for the mainstream bias against genre fiction and the visual novel medium, Umineko would be studied in postmodern literature classes, alongside the likes of One Hundred Years of Solitude. For me, Umineko has an even greater impact than many of the postmodern works I've experienced, because instead of focusing on experimental narrative techniques solely for experimental purposes, Umineko's unorthodox storytelling style exists for an important reason - to enable its exploration of underrepresented issues that resonate strongly with people like me, in a way that validates our perspectives. Ryukishi07's background as a social worker absolutely shows in his writing.Yes, for those of you who love mysteries, Umineko is a love letter to the genre; it will torture you with a mental challenge that you will never forget. For those of you who love gore and despair, Umineko serves up a delectable feast of horrors, with a roulette of delights that will never leave your palate bored or overwhelmed. For those of you who love witches and magic, you will fall in love with the golden witch and her fantastical feats, whose legends and stories will live on endlessly.But above all else - for those of you who have ever struggled with the terminal condition known as being human, this game is for you.Umineko is a brutally honest take on humanity and the role of storytelling in our lives, exploring its diverse cast of characters with love and clear-eyed objectivity in equal measure. And for some of us, Umineko resonates even more strongly, to the point that reading it may be excruciating. I will say nothing else on the matter - those of you who understand, will understand when you read it.All that said, there is one thing you should know. Umineko is designed with one rather thrilling peculiarity. And that is: you get out of Umineko exactly what you put into it.If you're not emotionally ready for it, or blast through it without much thought, Umineko may end up being just another story to you. But if you really take the time, pay attention, and above all, never stop thinking - then the witch will bestow countless gifts upon you, and welcome you to the Golden Land. This isn't the kind of lazy postmodern story that gives you nothing but a blank canvas full of random noise, that puts all the responsibility on the reader to create a meaningful story. This is an equal partnership of love. Umineko respects you and wants to meet you halfway - if you respect it in return and put in the effort to truly understand it.This is a question with an answer, a truth that you can reach. But it's a truth that's complex and multifaceted enough that you will be thinking about it for a thousand years to come. I know I certainly am.My understanding of Umineko is different from when I first read it, and I have no doubt that my understanding will continue to change in the years to come. I cried when I finished the final episode of the Answer Arc, even though I understood nothing. My actual journey began after that, when I started digesting the story and reading discussions about it online. I turned it over and over in my mind, licking and tasting and sucking on all its myriad flavours. And as I did, Umineko changed me - and is still continuing to change me. It was one of the major catalysts that helped me grow as a person, to be more mature, to have more empathy for the people around me.This is a story that I can see myself returning to in a year, in a decade, in a century, and coming away with different nuances and perspectives every single time. In that sense, I will forever be trapped in the catbox known as Rokkenjima.Won't you join me?This story is best paired with good friends, hot tea, and most crucially, the original sprites drawn by the author himself. Take your time with it. Savour it. We will be waiting for you, with love, in the Golden Land."
,Recommended,406550,24283965,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Aoifers,"My beloved visual novel, the sweet Steam release to read it through.You who seek a great murder mystery, follow its path downscreen and seek the cart.If you follow the path downscreen, you will find ""add to cart"".In the cart, look for the purchase options the two will tell you of.There sleeps the key to the Golden Land.He who lays cursor upon the key shall travel under the rules below.At the first twilight you shall lift up as sacrifice the cost chosen by the key.At the second twilight, those who ""purchase for myself"" will tear apart those who ""purchase as a gift"".At the third twilight, those who remain will praise this noble game.At the fourth twilight, gouge the Steam wallet and kill.At the fifth twilight, gouge the Paypal and kill.At the sixth twilight, gouge the Paysafe card and kill.At the seventh twilight, gouge the debit card and kill.At the eighth twilight, gouge the credit card and kill.At the ninth twilight, the game shall revive and the download shall complete.At the tenth twilight, the installation shall end and you should reach the Golden Land.The game will praise the buyer, and should bestow four treasures.One shall be, all four chapters of the question arc.One shall be, an improved English translation.One shall be, Steam achievements and trading cards.One shall be, to enjoy the game for all time.Be enjoyed peacefully, my most beloved game, Umineko."
,Recommended,406550,24192812,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,「PyNe」,"EDIT: The patch that adds voice acting and PS3 graphics is finally out! Go get ithereDon’t let my play time fool you, I’ve already read the entire thing through the old fan patch, apparently the translation on the steam release greatly improves on that already excellent translation, so I’m looking forward to rereading it all. In this review I will be covering mostly the technical aspects of Umineko, so I’ll avoid talking about the story – it is best to go in without knowing what you’re getting into.Sound:Originally this work was a sound novel and not a visual novel, so you can guess the sound has an extra layer of attention given to it, and it shows.There are almost 200 songs in the entire soundtrack composed by 5+ different artists. The genres spam all the way from instrumental piano to psychedelic trance. The range is amazing and somehow it manages to deliver the most fitting song for each scene, regardless of the musical genre.Notable songs on the question arc includeDreamenddischargerandHope.It’s a shame the steam version did not include voice acting, presumably because of licensing issues, as it is one of the best in the entire visual novel medium. The patch I linked will restore the voices along with the PS3 sprites and backgrounds which in my opinion look way better than the steam version.Characters:The cast is absolutely huge, by the end of the eight episode there were over 50 characters in total, but never at any point did it feel like there were more than it could handle, all of the characters had their own goals and motivations driving them forward and almost all of them had a significant impact on the story.The characters are also well developed and become people you actually care about, each with their flaws and distinct personalities. This novel is exceptionally good on characterization, out of the 18 main characters there is not a single one that is bland, generic or reliant on character tropes and that in itself is an achievement.Content:This is the first four episodes of a series of eight episodes. It takes roughly 50 hours to read through the first four episodes (question arc), and another 50 hours to go through the final four (answer arc), one of the longest visual novels out there.  It is very acclaimed by the western visual novel community as a whole, ranking up top 5 in rating onvndb. There is no sexual content on Umineko and nothing on the steam version was cut out or censored, making it the definitive version of one of the greatest visual novels to date.Final thoughts:This novel is a finely crafted masterpiece and a truly unforgettable experience. I urge everyone to give it a try, especially if you are a fan of visual novels, this is one you absolutely can’t miss.There are reasons Umineko no Naku Koro ni is ranked #5 on vndb, and while I wrote a couple of them here, the rest is for you to enjoy."
,Recommended,406550,24194397,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bad Seafood,"""Do you believe in magic, in a young girl's heart?""No.*****Umineko no Naku Koro ni, ""When the Seagulls Cry,"" is a Japanese visual (or ""Sound,"" rather) novel written and illustrated by Ryukishi07, i.e. the Higurashi guy.  If you don't like visual novels and think they're just clogging up Steam's new releases, this game probably won't do much to change your mind.  If you've even a little patience for or interest in the medium, however, you're in store for something special.Umineko is a murder mystery, one the reader is actually expected to solve, or rather is capable of solving should they put their mind to it.  In this sense, it is much more a game than one might initially give it credit for.  Many authors during the Golden Age of Detective Fiction considered their works to be ""Games,"" long-form logic puzzles in prose form complete with rules and regulations governing what was and wasn't fair to expect from the average reader.  Umineko takes this sentiment to heart, earnestly wearing its inspiration on its sleeves.  The murder mystery provided in Umineko is not an easy one – and you’re not yet able to check your answers in the back with this release alone – but the experience of trying to crack it is still worthwhile.  If possible, I'd recommend playing though it alongside a friend to compare notes and observations.  I'd also advise keeping a notebook and pencil handy, but that's just me.Even if you've no mind for mysteries, however, the core story and characters are still quite compelling.  Some will find the game to be a slow starter, but hey: you bought a visual novel.  Them's the breaks.   There's a lot more to say here but I'll let the game keep some secrets.Instead I'll comment on the music, the glue that holds Umineko together.  As I mentioned at the start of this review, Umineko's more of a ""Sound"" novel than it is a ""Visual"" novel, and was even marketed as such in Japan.  I'll not mince words: Umineko's OST is fantastic.  The tracks themselves are excellent and memorable on their own merits, but when paired up with the game they really elevate the experience.  Umineko's writing is fairly on-point in terms of telling the story it wants to tell, but the exact wording and phrasing of things is sometimes a little clunky.  It is then the music which compensates, adjusting the tone and shaping the reader's mood.  It is absolutely my favorite video game soundtrack, and anyone who turns it off or down or replaces it or tries to play with broken speakers is doing themselves a huge disservice.On the artsy end of things, this release comes packed with Ryukishi07's own original art alongside some updated character portraits stripped from a pachinko machine.  The new art is uneven and not nearly as good as the PS3 release's - there'll probably be a fan patch for that at some point.  The old art is, putting it politely, ""Crude,"" but full of personality and its own homespun charm.  It's certainly how I'll be replaying the game.Finally, it should probably be be noted that this is only the first half of Umineko, but it still constitutes a full-bodied game well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,406550,24232167,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Aspirety,"I might not be able to give an objective opinion, but for me, Umineko is one of those stories that only comes around once in a decade. The kind of story that changes the way you think, that challenges your perceptions of reality in all sorts of ways. What is real, what is truth? Are our perceptions and beliefs reliable? And what is the importance of the human heart in the pursuit of truth? You'll come out after reading it a different person that you were before, and I wish so much that I could just erase my memory of Umineko so I could experience it for the first time all over again. But that won't stop me from replaying it 2, or 5 times, because with the amount of depth hidden behind every line, there's something new to uncover, so you'll never really be done with it.Umineko presents itself first and foremost as a traditional murder mystery inspired by the likes of Agatha Chritie's 'And Then There Were None'. And as a murder mystery, it's already successful. It's full of very memorable characters that the story will give you adequate time to get to know, again and again. You'll have your first impressions of the 18 original cast, then those impressions will be overturned once you see their ugly sides, and they'll be turned over again a couple more times as the story continues to present you with different perspectives and interpretations, leaving it up to the reader to decide who to empathise with and who to pass judgement upon. Being a visual novel, the story itself is accompanied by an amazing soundtrack; one of the best soundtracks in the history of gaming, filled with an eclectic array of compositions to match all the differing atmospheres the story presents, but I'll let the OST speak for itself. Because there's more to Umineko than just a cool mystery novel. The real majesty of Umineko starts showing it's face around Episode 2, after the initial premise has had time to sink in.Suddenly, the story ends up taking a unique turn, diving into the realm of metafiction as the philosophical undertones take center stage as you're suddenly tossed into a battle of twisted logic to determine the truth behind the murder mysteries on the island. It's hard to explain without spoiling too much, but the story provides a very unique tool to both challenge readers and assist them in uncovering the truth behind the events. This particular 'red' device is a huge hook for the series for me, and something which always keeps me coming back, turning debates of logic into something really exciting to watch (and participate in).Make no mistake; this is a game, a game that you the reader are invited to participate in. There may be no interactivity and no choices, but it would be a mistake to assume that this is the kind of media you just consume and let go. When you read Umineko, bring a notepad, make Battler's mission your own. And don't forget to share your thoughts and theories with others as you read, it's a lot more fun to bounce speculations off others as you read. OnRokkenjimawe have an entire forum dedicated to discussing this; joining a community to discuss the story is a great way to enhance your enjoyment.Seeing Umineko released on Steam after all these years is a miracle come true. Umineko is a cult classic for a reason. It may be slow to start and it may have some writing or art that might be considered a bit rough for some people, but give it a chance. If it impacts you even half as much as it did me, it's the kind of story you'll be thinking about for years, and will be raving about to all your friends that they HAVE to take the time to read. If you don't believe me, just look at all the other reviews.Also, to all those complaining about the new art, give it a shot! You might end up loving it more than any of the alternatives."
,Recommended,406550,25461365,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Umineko is a kinetic visual novel (meaning that there are no choices, you only read) or a “sound novel”, like the developers said (more focused on the soundtrack and BGS), brilliantly written, and with a soundtrack so good that it will literally make you lose your time sense and just keep reading. All the characters have an important role in this story; you’ll love some of them, hate others, and even have mixed feelings between wanting to hug and punching them in the face for being so mean or dumb(aka “the best mom ever”, Beato, etc).This is, without doubt, one of the best (if not the best) visual novel I’ve ever read. I have a special place in my heart for Higurashi (from the same developers), but Umineko is just… It gets to you. The first episode starts slowly, but I understand that’s necessary in order for the reader to get to know better the characters and how they normally act. But after that, things will change so drastically that you’ll wonder if you’re reading the same story you had been previously reading. Considering that there are four games worth of 50+ hours of reading in total, it’s worth every cent.This is a must read for mystery fans. And keep your mind open, because lots of surprising things will happen. Choose the better explanation that suits your tastes. After all, it’s the Witch Hunt season. Uncover the truth with your own theories.Welcome to Rokkenjima, and I wish you all luck in your hunt.10/10."
76561198170334858,Recommended,406550,32192867,Posted: 4 June,all,Merk,"Story & WritingUmineko is an experience that I will carry with me for the rest of my life for 2 reasons:1. It has shown me the world from a new perspective.2. I don't think I'll ever experience anything like Umineko again in my remaining lifetime.It's extremely surreal, unique and stylish. You don't ""read"" it; you ""experience"" it, as it violently devours you, chews you up and spits you back out into its dark, magical and absurd world filled with batshit insane but impeccably executed murder mysteries, battles of wits and character drama. Umineko's sprawling story contains an unbelievable number of twists and turns that never stops giving, never relents, and never compromises. It always manages to top your expectations, to outdo itself in ways that are nigh impossible to predict..It's writing is rapturous, jubilant, energetic, profound, defiant, heartwarming, hearless, relentless, cruel, sadistic, romantic, psychotic, and edgy as ♥♥♥♥.It's out of control.But you know what, it's edgy, but not depraved. It perfectly understands what it means to be ""human,"" to love, to show compassion and kindness. Each and every single one of its characters are three-dimensional humans, and by the end of this sprawling story, you'll feel like you understand them even better than they understand themselves - such is the magic of Umineko's writing. The human heart lies at the very core of Umineko's story, and some mysteries are simply unsolvable unless one considers the ""whydunnit,"" or the '""motive"" side of the equation. Umineko constantly reminds the reader of this fact through it's most important mantra:""Without love, it cannot be seen.""As for the more technical murder mystery side of things,Umineko is a passionate love letter to the entire mystery genre.It's a tribute to the great classical authors and thinkers who founded and nurtured the ""mystery"" label.It's a tribute to Agatha Christie and her impossible closed room mysteriesit's a tribute to Knox, S.S Van Dine, and many many other great thinkers who crafted and perfected the rules for writing mysteries.It is an extremely compelling mystery that makes you think for yourself. It goes to extreme lengths to give you all the puzzle pieces, then explicitly tells you to connect the dots by yourself.And when all the answersdofall into place, the only thing you can do is gasp. And that, my friend. is the mark of a good mystery.You gotta read it to believe it. Really.SoundtrackAs for the soundtrack, what can I say that hasn't already been said before? I've played hundreds of games in my life, many of them with terrific soundtracks, but few has come close to Umineko's unreal soundtrack. From classy piano pieces to blood-pumping trance tracks, everything is here, and everything is amazing. During somber scenes, I  choke on my own tears. During climactic scenes, I want to grab a baseball bat, smash all the windows in my house, light the curtains on fire, and break my laptop in half. It doesn't get any more effective than that. Look up WorldendDominator, Miragecoordinator, or GoldenSlaughterer on Youtube.TLDR:Nothing I write can truly do this visual novel justice. Umineko is an experience of a lifetime, a feast for the senses, a banquet for the mind. It's shocking, oftentimes moving. It's surreal; it's stylish;  it's mind-bending, and it pushes the very boundaries of whatplain goodwriting can accomplish."
76561198065151679,Recommended,406550,24194463,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Zeruis,"If you're not a fan of visual novels, then you'll notice that this starts off slow, but slowly unfolds into the greatest murder mystery ever written.During my first time going through this visual novel, I spent literal hours analyzing the murders, exchange theories and determining who the killer was. The creator created such complex characters that you'll either love or hate at the culmination of the series.As the visual novel progresses, you'll be attached to the one of the best soundtracks ever put in a game, as well as be amazed at the amount of backstory this mystery has.I urge newcomers to give this visual novel a chance.Here's my Red Truth:I WILL NEVER FORGET UMINEKO."
,Recommended,406550,24200297,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Vell,"An outstanding murder mystery and probably the most underappreciated masterpiece in modern literature. Since now this got finally an official release I hope it will recieve more attention in the west outside of the fandom because it deserves every single publicity it can get.It starts off relatively slow and tedious but one will realize sooner or later that every detail is very important to fully grasp the scale of the novels story. What makes this especially great is that it really forces you to think together with the characters to figure out the so many and cleverly written mysteries and its a blast to do so.There is a huge amount of characters but every single one of them is written with such detail and care, not a single one feels unnecessary or like a placeholder just to progress the plot. The chemistry between the family is natural, realistic and feels just like you are there with them experiencing everything that happens be it good or bad.Another incredibly strong point is the atmosphere further into story as the combination of the amazing soundtrack and the clever usage of soundeffects throughout the scene transitions and dialouge makes it an unforgettable experience.And then of course there is the story, something so unique I have never seen anything like it up to this date.Among all other visual novels and fictional stories in general, umineko no naku koro ni proudly holds a position as one of the absolute best with its great mix of characters, atmosphere and plot completely unique to its own kind."
,Recommended,406550,24598477,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,h0tsp4ce,"This is a very difficult game to write a review for. As I'm sure most of you will notice, many people simply write ""Just buy it!"" and I'm tempted to do the same. This game has withstood the test of time and still remains unparalleled by any other games that have came after. TL;DR - This game was around $25 and I got 111 hours out of it. A fantastic mystery VN.FYI: This was my first time playing. I did not play the original Umineko. Several of my friends told me of how life changing it could be and I was tempted to watch the playthrough on YouTube but never did. I'm glad I waited to experience the game for myself.As you can imagine...writing a review for such a long game can be a bit challenging. If you have played Higurashi, you will definitely like this game. If you enjoy mysteries, fantasy, kinetic VNs...you'll like this game. I can't think of a target audience who would not enjoy Umineko unless perhaps one lacks patience. The thing is, I lack patience. I haven't made it to every ending of CLANNAD, or Tsukihime...after so many hours I usually give up and say I will return to a VN.I played this through to the end, every day until I was finished. The character development was gripping, really there was never a dull moment. As soon as I thought I had one piece of the puzzle figured out, ten minutes later my grip on reality was ripped to shreds.My humble recommendation is that ANY VN fan would enjoy this game and that it is absolutely worth its full price.An added note: For those on the fence, please purchase this game and support 07th Expansion. Also if you want a taste of what this game is slightly like, look for the Higurashi titles (released before Umineko by the same author). All gold in my opinion. I love games that leave me at the end just utterly and thoroughly confused."
,Recommended,406550,34245583,Posted: 14 August,all,Replicator,"I'll make it ""short"", you are probably here, because...AYou've seen the anime and wonder, whether this is betterBYour weird friend keeps recommending this to youIf you don't like the medium ""visual novel"" itself, then this is probably nothing for you, but the fact that you are reading this tells me that there is at least a slight chance of you buying it. Maybe you didn't even read a visual novel before.And then there are those, who only read these reviews after they finished the game and already know how good it is.You can go now.Info:This game contains episodes 1-4 out of 8This is a visual novel, so prepare to read (a lot)There are no choices in here, so it's a strictly linear storyThe music is awesome""The game looks awful""If you want to try it out, but you don't like the visual quality then I have good news for you, there is a mod for Umineko, that replaces the blurry background photos and the character sprites with the more appealing PS3 art and CGs and even adds voice acting, if you so desire.""What is it about?""Ok, if you don't know anything about Umineko, I won't spoil it for you, but it's a character driven murder mystery with a lot of twists and it's one of the weirdest things you'll ever read, if you decide to do so. The setting may first appear familiar, even after reading the first episode, but when you get to the meat of it, you'll understand how very unique this whole thing is. The writing of Ryukishi07 improved compared to his previous works and can range from super whacky screaming to intelligent conversation.""So, is it better than the anime?""The story is very long and very densely written. There are people who might find that off-putting, on the other hand you get to know the characters a lot better and might find different sides about them. Also, you get the whole story with all the clues to the core mysteries, because nothing was cut out. So, if you care for the story, the characters, their thoughts, the world and the mysteries (which honestly you should), then yes, this is better than the anime.""I know about Higurashi, how are they related?""Short answer:They are about as connected as the Command & Conquer Tiberium universe and the Red Alert universe.Long answer:The setting, characters (most of them), the story etc. are unrelated to each other. Umineko tends to reference Higurashi here and there, but it's in no way important to understand the plot. The way the chaperts are seperated from each other is similar to the way Higurashi did it.""Even though you love it, are there things you don't like about it?""There are indeed: In the first episodes are about two or three scenes with stupid sexual jokes that are completely unncecessary and I don't like that. Fortunately, things like these don't ever appear again so I can pretty much ignore them.tl;dr lolBuy it if...you like visual novels or want to try them out,you like whacky and crazy stories,you like murder mystery stories"
,Recommended,406550,24205815,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,★L0愛e♀Acölαs!a♂37℃,"The hidden achievement Trumpet Blues can be unlocked by click the EP4 Tips, then choose the Chiester 556, and then click ""Resurrect""全篇看完后还有个Trumpet Blues的隐藏成就，只需要进Tips然后选中谢丝塔556，点击复活即可解锁"
76561198130907551,Recommended,406550,24209008,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Synaw,"Amongst all the stories scattered around the world, Umineko is the deepest thing I have encountered.Even after years, you can wake up a morning, think some minutes about Umineko, and discover by yourself new secrets hidden behind the story.Umineko can turn your mind into a marvellous thing: for the rest of your life, you may thank Umineko for its mere existence.Because Umineko will play with you. Yes, you will be fooled, confused and abused for the sake of the Truth. Yes, you will be attempted to think ""OK, Umineko is nonsense"". And maybe you will be convinced by that.But there is a sense behind all of this. And this is maybe the most astounding thing about Umineko.Umineko rewards those with a heart and/or a brain. If you have both, then the hardest mystery you will encouter after reading Umineko will to find an equivalent story.Endless/10. Masterpiece among the masterpieces."
,Recommended,406550,26289772,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,gette,OH DESIRE
,Recommended,406550,24198459,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,667DarkAve,"What is Umineko?Umineko is difficult but incredibly rewarding. Umineko is a puzzle and a test. Umineko is the most game-like game I've ever played, all while having absolutely no interactive elements. It's sort of like a novel. It challenges you to think and imagine and test possibilities and theorise and realise that you were so, so wrong and that the answer was much more devious than you ever thought possible.It takes you on a ride that is unlike anything else, and it's absolutely worth it.There is some advice I feel like I should give in advance, though.Don't be afraid to take the series slowly. Episode 4 is an absolute slog - it's the longest episode in the series by a fair way, and it's a tough read, so it's smart to have a bit of a break before reading it. Generally just allow yourself breathing room and time to think. The fun exists in between the happenings onscreen, the thinking that happens when you're away from your computer and can't stop thinking about it.Absolutely give this series a go. The Question Arc contains episodes 1-4, and the second release will contain episodes 5-8. This will give you hours upon hours of entertainment, and is absolutely worth a shot."
76561197993521651,Recommended,406550,28516104,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hammer,"I've had a steam account for 9 years now and this is the first review I felt like making. Needless to say, I thought this visual novel was superb. I will admit that I always had a bit of prejudice against visual novels. But I decided to give this one a try. And I can say I am glad I chose this one. It far surpassed my expectations.On the other hand I'm kinda sad because I feel like I won't find another one as good as this.Anyway, as some suggested assigning a genre to Umineko will definitely be misleading as you may see several types of genres gracefully put together to form an awesome story. In a way, Uminkeo is more of a duel between genres where characters represent one or the other.Characterization is also fantastic in this. Although there is quite a large initial cast, and more appear in later episodes, the story is slow enough that they can grow on you and start feeling familiar.That being said. this story requires some sort of initial patience and for the reader not be overly critical in trying to understand what is going on. A tip: make a guess at what is going on, but don't dwell to much on it, because you are probably wrong anyways ;)In terms of art, at least the steam version has superb art and I loved everything about it. I looked through the other versions and I can say that I definitely prefer steam's version even if the ps3 one also looks good.Lastly Umineko has a GOD like soundtrack. So, enjoy."
76561197999323072,Recommended,406550,24194103,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,PrincessFawna,"Don't let my play time fool you, I bought this game and used the fan-translated patch years ago and have periodically reread it ever since.  I've looked at the game, the manga, and the dreaded anime (don't watch the anime just don't).  I've probably spent over 300 hours invested in this franchise AT LEAST.Umineko is absolutely my favorite story in all existence, and I think it's definitely something everyone should read.  It changed my life, and has had the same effect on many other fans as well.  I know it sounds cliché when I say that something changed my life, but regarding Umineko, it is absolutely true.Umineko no Naku Koro Ni (or When the Seagulls Cry) is a kinetic visual novel, meaning that there are no choices.  It will take around 50-60 hours to reach completion of a single read-through of these first four episodes.  The first four episodes are the ""Question Arcs"" and I assume that the Answer Arcs (episodes 5-8) will come to steam at a later time.  The music in this game is fabulous, and it contains several tracks that I find myself going back to, just to listen.  The visuals have been optionally updated by mangagamer, using sprites from the pachinko machines in Japan.  I personally do like the new art, but the old art has a charm that I love, so I will probably play using the old sprites the most.  The old sprites aren't quite ""professional"" though, but I love them nonetheless.  They might not be to your taste though, and if so, the updated sprites are a good alternative.The characters and the story are fantastic and I don't really want to spoil anything.  Just know that there are time loops, mysteries, and fantastical scenes.  There is quite a bit of violence in this game, but nothing sexual, and I think Older Teen is the rating that would suit it most.Please give Umineko a chance and read it, I could not suggest anything more than this game.  I love it endlessly from the bottom of my heart."
,Recommended,406550,31445335,Posted: 29 April,all,LastNonak,"Definitely one of the best stories in video game history. I really enjoyed this game thoroughly. Umineko consists of 8 different episodes (that means 8 different chapters). This game only consists of the Question Arcs, that means you`ll only buy episode 1 to 4. The Core Arcs - episode 5 to 8 - are going to be released on Steam soon (or so it would seem).I have watched the remaining episodes on Youtube already. Each episode roughly takes about 15 hours... so don`t worry.Now regarding the novel: It`s genius. The plot is a murder mystery on a deserted Island called Rokkenjima, but it is also so much more than that. Despite the length of the episodes, the writing never loses its charme. With each episode the game got better - and i love it. Umineko has no interactive scenes though, that means it only consists of reading text (like a novel). Be prepared for that if you`ll buy it. The story is worth it.""Without love it cannot be seen"""
,Recommended,406550,26109672,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kinjo,"Umineko is without a doubt one of the greatest visual novels I have ever played. Although the gameplay is minimal (there are no choices) the story and characters more than make up for it. If you enjoy murder mysteries which constantly keep you guessing and force you to wrack your brain for the answers, you'll want to play Umineko. If you enjoy horror games which send chills up your spine while playing at night, you'll want to play Umineko. If you enjoy fantasy stories about battles between magical beings, you'll want to read Umineko. The story is so intricate and full of depth, you're bound to like it, and you'll keep coming back to it again and again. The only drawback, which you may notice at first, is that the story has kind of a slow beginning -- but if you just give it some time to get started, you will be in for one wild ride.I first played the game years ago when it first came out, but I'm really happy with the changes made for the Steam re-release. Personally, I liked the old sprites, but the ability to switch to the new sprites is a good alternative. I also really like the fact that you can switch between English and Japanese text instantly.Lastly but certainly not least, Umineko's soundtrack is pretty amazing. Every song is memorable and properly conveys the mood of each scene. Even the lack of music, replaced by the sounds of wind or rain, does a fantastic job of immersing the reader into the story.So in summary, if you're into those kinds of stories and visual novel kind of games, Umineko is an extremely worthwhile (and sometimes life-changing) experience, and I would recommend it to anybody who is willing to give it a read."
,Recommended,406550,25511785,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,KyRıe,"If i have to choose my 5,000 hours combined dota2 Experience with this game,322 out of 322 times will choose this game for sure.This game makes the Danganronpa series look like a kindergarden schoolYour whole life experience is represented in this gameJust remember to just keep on beleiving in RED10/10"
76561198154879465,Recommended,406550,24330438,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jimmy,ahaha.wav/10
,Recommended,406550,27845649,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yureina,"Murder mysteries, dysfunctional families, a group of cast members dedicated to trolling everyone they see, and all in one package put together with fantastic storytelling, well-rounded characters, an amazing soundtrack, and LOTS of gruesome murder.What's not to like?Weeeeeell... I lied about part of that. This game is actually in two packages, not one. The second part hasn't been released yet. This needs to be corrected. Now. o_OSeriously though, this is a gigantic visual novel that you should really check out if you appreciate good stories and are patient enough to see it play out until the first door with a creepy symbol on it is opened...Have a nice dream. See you in Hell."
76561198201685959,Recommended,406550,24196946,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,blazinglycoris,"I read Umineko years ago as the VNs were coming out and witchhunt translated them. I can't recommend it enough, this series of novels is truly amazing, and imo surpasses Higurashi in terms of characters and plot. It's mystery aspect is quite interesting, and if you like and Then There Were None, you'll enjoy this since Umineko is heavily inspired by Agatha Christie's novel. Fantasy elements are also an interesting addition to the general mystery format, and Battler's battle to disprove Beatrice's existance is great to read (especially in the later episodes). If you want to experience it the best way, I'd recommend waiting for the inevitable PS3 patch, since the art is more consitant, but overall it's worth the money. Hopefully the other 4 novel's get their release as well, after replaying the question arcs my itch to finish the story has increased, and the new art style has also grown on me quite a bit. I'd say it isn't as bad as  I first thought.Welcome to Rokkenjima, have fun"
,Recommended,406550,25152257,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Actawesome (forever),"I'm tempted to gush endlessly (or until the Steam review character limit) about how much I love Umineko, and extrapolate on why its my favorite piece of fiction, or how its changed my life. But this is not the outlet for a review that in depth. Instead I'll just say these opinionated blurbs:Umineko has in it the scope and depth of a novel who is familiar with literary critical theory.I first started read Umineko over six years ago. Before and after Umineko I've read and watched hundreds of different stories, but none have stayed with me like this one. I still think fondly about it, and reread various parts to get my creative gears running. As an aspiring author this is the story that has arguably inspired me most of all. For reference some of my other favorite authors are Alexandre Dumas. Stephen King, Joe Hill, Neil Gaiman, George RR Martin, Robert Rankin, and David Gordon. While this story is not like any of those authors stories, in my mind Umineko stands right next to them, or in some cases above them.It has an anime aesthetic (and unfortunately some tropes early in), but please, if you're like me, and you can't take things as seriously just give this a real shot. It goes well beyond what the medium of anime or Japanese authors (from what I've read) normally delve into.Umineko will surprise you. It's a surprising story, with many many layers. And it has the replayability and forshadowing of that of a masterwork. Considering it released serially this is doubly impressive.The soundtrack is awesome. Look it up if you'd like.Okay so there was a bit of gushing here, and I'm trying to control myself. Basically if you get anything from this random review on the internet, just give Umineko a shot. This is only half the story (Episodes 1-4) but it will still take upwards of 50-100 hours to complete. The last half Umineko breakdown, is going to be released at a later date."
,Recommended,406550,29727116,Posted: 5 February,all,Gogopri,"I'd marry the main character if I could, the OST is amazing, CHIRU ON STEAM WHEN PLEASE."
,Recommended,406550,31192017,Posted: 16 April,all,Magusverborum,"I'll say it in red: ""I thought I was a competent mystery-solver and then I played this gaaaaamme! UMINEKO. IS. AMAZING!"""
,Recommended,406550,24194380,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BobTheBlox45,"I have been a big Umineko fan for awhile now and it's great to finally have an official release! The story of Umineko is the best I've seen from a visual novel and is a story that has stayed with me to this day. In my reading so far, this translation seems more polished and it's nice to switch between the new and orginal sprites. I defintiely recommend it for any long time 07th Expansion fans or newcomers. -Come join us on Rokkenjima-"
76561198039805329,Recommended,406550,26359373,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sakretsu,"I strongly recommend this game to everyone. Umineko is an amazing, entertaining story that won't let you down. It changed my entire life as no other work ever did. If you are looking for something deep and not just an interesting story, this is what you want. Thank you MangaGamer & Steam for giving me the opportunity to support the author. I hope the second part will be available soon."
76561197998162510,Recommended,406550,30024153,Posted: 18 February,all,A Giant Enemy Stand,"This review is spoiler freeWithout a doubt in my mind the greatest story I have ever read/seen/played/any other word for absorbing media. 07th Expansion not only created a mystery novel that transcends the genre in several ways but also: introduced a wide variety of fleshed-out characters that all have unique contributions to the story, created a strong narrative with these characters in between all the mysteries, taught me new points of view in life, made me audibly laugh on a few occasions, spooked me without jumpscares, made me cry, and had an incredible soundtrack to boot. Again, the soundtrack is something to be admired and is the enhancing agent for this whole story, Turning a happy scene into a brief respite from the story's horrors, a turning-point into a hearth-throbbing catharsis, a debate into a tantalizing final struggle between rivals, the list goes on.Umineko does have its shortcomings however so i'll stop praising it for just a moment to address these. Despite the strength of the soundtrack, the novel’s sound effects are average at best, with some of them becoming quite overused due to their lack of variety. The pacing of the story is a little wonky, so if you aren't the type person who is fine with 3 hours of character back-stories and conversations that allude to the themes of the story, Umineko may be aggravating for you.This product's main weakness however, is the Steam version of this game being inferior to the PS3 version due to a lack of voice acting and the Steam version's lower quality sprites and backgrounds. Though, this problem can be remedied with a 3GB download after a quick google search ""Umineko PS3 Patch"".A quick review of the strong/weak points+Great story with many facets+One of the greatest soundtracks ever made+Relatable and round characters+The mystery is both enthralling and exciting to try and solve+This story departs from many visual novel tropes-The sound effects could be improved-The slow pacing may dissuade people from reading it-A 3rd party download is needed to get an optimal experienceI will end this by saying if you had the patience to read this review in full and have even a slight interest in the mystery genre, get this novel. Also I recommend getting a set colored pens and a notebook.A side note: Umineko Question Arc is the first 4 episodes of an 8 episode series, the Answer Arc (episodes 5-8) is difficult to find in english but is planned to be released on Steam eventually. I know very little about the Answer Arc so my review is only talking about the Question Arc.Thank you for reading this review and I hope it helped you make a decision."
76561197970636601,Recommended,406550,24906726,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SeekerAC,"Oh my sweet God, Umineko.It looks like a game, but reads like a book (Actually, four books in this collection) with a killer soundtrack and some clunky animations. Essentially no direct interaction. Just some text on a screen-- are they supernatural thrillers or detective crime dramas? Still, that's all.Except... there's something else going on here. Each tale ends abruptly without a satisfying conclusion or an answer to who-dunnit, but you begin to realize that they are layered in an overlapping, snaking way that frames a direct challenge to the reader- YOU are demanded to pull the pieces together and find the answers, if there are any.There are another four books still not officially translated (Though fan translations exist, and have even gained the author's notice) that layer on a few more hints and a winding guide to various solutions-- but in many cases there are no answers but the ones you find.I've never read anything like it. I can't recommend enough that you check it out."
,Recommended,406550,24308813,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,turtleen,"This has been my favourite story in any format for way too long and I can't even think of where to start on it. There's an incredible number of reasons I could list off to read Umineko, not the least of which is the incredible soundtrack, which would be reason enough on its own really. But the one that sticks out most to me, that I always try to sell it with, is the characters. If you appreciate character-driven stuff, then Umineko's honestly the absolute best I've come across. The plot, mystery, etc. is great and all, but nothing can compare to Ryukishi's mastery of writing interesting, complicated people and interpersonal relationships of all kinds.I act Shakespeare for a living and I'd brutally murder 18 people to be able to play a character written by R07 even once tbh, don't even need any gold."
,Recommended,406550,24240477,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Asimmacovski,"Greetings, you have been invited to a family reunion and a tea party on Rokkenjima Island. Please endure the planes shaking and watch your step after the landing. After that, we hope that you enjoy the boat ride to the island. A servant will lead the way to the Western-style guest house, don't get lost! Take a stroll through the beautiful rose garden and enjoy it's splendor. Chat with your relatives while having a picnic on the beach. Five servants are there to fulfil your requests and wishes anytime. You can always take a walk on this island but don't go in the vast and empty forest or the witch Beatrice will get you. Maybe you'll even solve the riddle and find the 10 tons of gold hidden somewhere, but be careful strange things and accidents might happen.Hope you enjoy your stay on Rokkenjima Island.And that was my first impression of Umineko, but what is Umineko exactly? Well if I could describe Umineko with one sentence it would be like this: Various characters, a Detective Conan setting on an island and mix everything together with the atmosphere of Higurashi.Taken advantage of the Korean War, Kinzo Ushiromiya became extremely rich and now he has been the head of the family for decades. Each year he invites his family on Rokkenjima Island to discuss financial profits and losses. How much did they borrow from him? How much did they earn? Can they pay back the borrowed money or do they need more? First by plane, taxi and then by boat they finally reach Rokkenjima Island. Everyone is cheerful and nice to each other, you could say that they look like average rich people enjoying themselves. But soon after they arrive on the island their personalities start to change drastic one by one. Where those happy and cheerful feeling only an act? Did they only pretend to be a happy family and were they only motivated by greed or was it the witch Beatrice who changed them one by one? Is the killer one of them and does he want to get rid of the competiton so that he can the inherit the vast amount of money or is it all the witch Beatrice and her curse?Umineko is a kinetic visual novel without voice acting. But don't fred, with the vast lenght of it (50+ hours according to VNDB), the story and characters, I would say it's a steal compared to your average kinetic novels lenght and price that are available on steam.You can choose between 2 art styles. The original character art or new the ''prettied up'' character art. It's nice that you have more than one option to choose from, it's better than having none options at all, that's a big plus for me. But if you dislike both character art styles and want to have at least voice acting then you can use (if it's out already) a fan patch which uses the PS3 versions voice acting and character art. You will need a few moments to get used to the background art, it has that strange painted like blurry filter all over it. Either you like it or not but it helps the visual novels atmosphere with that hazy, surreal style.The soundtrack is fantastic, there are so many tracks and each track hits perfectly the mood of the characters and helps set the atmosphere of the visual novel. The ones that stood out for me were:  ''Worldend Dominator'', ''Mirage Coordinator'', ''System0'' and ''Tsurupeta-128''. I recommend that you at least listen to the soundtrack.The translation is done by The Witch Hunt. I have to say it's a very good translation,The Witch Hunt even consulted the developer while working on the translations which can be seen on the quality of it.The visual novel runs at a native resolution of 1280 x 960 and the box with the text occupies all or most of the screen (same as Higurashi).The only bad thing that I found about Umineko is that the story sometimes can be told really slow and sluggish, some of the readers might get bored by the pacing.Note that these are the first four episodes (Question Arcs), there are four more episodes (Core Arcs) which is a sequel.In the end there is no way I could not recommend Umineko. The story, characters, atmosphere, lenght and price, put them together and it's a must buy for anyone who likes a clever, insane mystery visual novel."
,Recommended,406550,31774031,Posted: 15 May,all,Donald Pump,BEATRICHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,406550,24211077,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Stiltzkin,"I have been obsessed with this ever since it came out.   Great story, lots and lots of feels that tug at all the emotions.And probably one ofThe best soundtrack ever!Personally, I don't really like the look of the new sprites so might stick with the old.  For a newcomer that may not be the way to roll as they they are not the best looking, but after 5 years of following this series as it was coming out, I really found them endearing.The PS3 version with voices is definitely the best way to experience this story.  Would be nice if someone mods the steam version but if not there are groups out there who have already done this outside of steam which is worth taking a look at.  But that involves getting a hard copy of the game.Pretty much I re-read the answer arc to this once every few months.  Havent been able to escape the machinations of the witch yet."
,Recommended,406550,32186294,Posted: 4 June,all,Versace,"The question arc in Umineko is one of the few series I would give a 10/10 for. The writing is superb and even the most experience murder myster novel fans will squrm at some of the gorey details. If you're worried the gore is only described in text there's no visiual of mutlated bodies or anything.I love the occult aspect it's not something you see in mystery novels that take themselves seriously and focus on the detective aspect much.Visiual novels are a great medium. They can do things books can't, of course neither is better than the other but give equally enjoyable experiences. With Visiual novels you find yourself, not working with the main character, but at your own pace to find your own answer to the closed room murders.Now, more about the actual plot:Umineko is a murder mystery about 18 rich people stuck on an island while murders are occuring. The main plot is between the main character, battler, trying to prove that the murders were done by humans, and not a witch with any supernatural abilities.Most of the characters are as equally loveable and sympathetic as they are detestable.About the author:for someone who hasn't read anything by Ryukishi07 umineko might be a little confusing by episode 2. They way this series is written is each 'episode' gives a different view of the events. While things start out similar on the next episodes they're totally different, or give a totally different viewpoint of the murders. They're not like a sequel to each other more as they're a parallel telling of the storyOverall rating:I have already read the entire series. There's 8 'episodes' in total. While I give the quesiton arc, the first 4 episodes, a 10/10The overall opinion on the ending is mixed by fans. While I enjoyed reading the final 'episode'  I found myself disastified with the ending.For the entire series I would give it a 9/10 for its...odd ending."
,Recommended,406550,24626561,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Syvesh,"Umineko: When They Cry is a sound novel story told through eight different ""arcs"", which are divided up into two games. These are the first four arcs, which introduces the story and the conflict that the main character, Battler, has to overcome - prove that witches and magic did not have any influence in what has become known as the Rokkenjima Island Massacre. Or, for Battler, the bloody and gruesome murders of his entire family. His enemy is Beatrice the Golden Witch, whom has lived for over a thousand years and can twist the events on the island to her will. What is reality? What is illusion? By purchasing this game, you will journey along with Battler on the emotional rollercoaster to the truth.I finsihed the first episode in a little over 180 hours. But this was because I would sit and listen to the wonderful music, appreciate the very detailed sprites, or go over the tips and character biographies religiously to try and piece the mystery together. (Trust me, it's much more difficult than can be imagined.)However, be warned. This is not a ""game"" in the usual sense. You do not really ""play"" it, merely spectate it. Much like reading a book with pop-ups, you can only follow along as the characters you have come to love be brutally murdered. Fun! It takes a while to start, but once it does, it will grip you by the throat and never let you go.If you are a fan of mystery, intrigue, the occult, or simply a fan of amazing stories, the Umineko visual/sound novels are a purchase you simply must enjoy....And this was all said in red, of course.(NOTE: Nominated this for the ""Wooooooah man!"" Steam Award. EVERYONE DO THIS!)"
76561198066045970,Recommended,406550,27285831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Phi,"Umineko no Naku Koro Ni (""When The Seagulls Cry"") is the second sound novel by Ryukishi07, after the similarly named Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni (""When The Cicadas Cry""). The two do not share a plot and can be experienced separately, but rarely some characters from Umineko mention minor plot points or concepts from Higurashi. It is inspired by Agatha Christie's And Then There Were None and S. S. Van Dine's The Greene Murder Case, sharing themes such as members of a same family being under threat, and people being stuck on an island with a murderer on the loose.Unlike most visual novels that get to the West, there is little to no interactivity to Umineko in general and none at all in  Episodes 1 through 4 here, which make up the first half of the complete novel. There is no gameplay, no choice-making, no dating system. Just reading and listening to the soundtrack (which, by the way, is awesome). It is, effectively, no more than a novel with music, background art and character sprites. But what a novel it is.Umineko's plot starts out kinda normal: you're being asked to solve murders, as in any other piece of detective fiction. But as you keep reading (= Episode 2 and on), stranger things start to come up. If you aren't deterred by these oddities and keep on reasoning instead of going ""screw that"", Umineko rewards you greatly.If you are expecting a traditional murder mystery, this is not it. If you are intrigued by having to fight tooth and claw for your clues against unreliable narrators and Jedi truths which are technically true, but ambiguous and potentially misleading, Umineko is for you. While it isn't straightforward by any means, I feel it is never unfair. Its storytelling has hidden rules and it follows them closely, even if it's not immediately apparent: once you do understand the rules, you start regaining ground and fighting on equal footing. It never insults your intelligence by going ""if you didn't figure it out yourself here it is"".Don't be misled by the relatively low hour count and achievement count I have for Umineko on Steam. I've already read through all eight Episodes on the original PC version, but I simply had to pick up this one for the updated translation and... Well, general love I have for Umineko. So if what I've mentioned so far has appealed to your curiosity, pick it up and read it! It's worth it."
,Recommended,406550,24211399,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bernkastel,This masterpiece stopped my eternal boredom.
,Recommended,406550,26001700,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Luftwafl,"To be fair, I'll start this review by listing what I percieve this novel's flaws to be. It suffers from a few factors caused by its low initial budget, namely some weak sound effects and low resolution backgrounds. And, this coming from a major fan of the author, there is definitely some hammy writing in places, although some of this may be intentional. The new character sprites are good for the most part, but most of the women are unnaturally well-endowed and several characters' lines are a bit too sharp, but this will eventually be moddable to use the PS3 port's sprites in addition to the original and newest sets. Finally, there are a few moments that suffer from absolutely crippling pacing issues, especially in chapter 4.And yet, I wholeheartedly recommend this novel/game to anyone who thinks they can stand Ryukishi's occasional weirdness. Why? Because when the game is on and things are moving along, it's one of the most engrossing works of fiction I've ever experienced. Battles of twisted logic and brutal murder, supernatural closed room mysteries, some seriously powerful emotional scenes, and the moments when a random background detail reveals an incredible amount of depth to a character all make Umineko such a great ride at its high moments. Topping this off is the soundtrack, which is absolutely superb. The tracks have a good amount of variety considering how long this novel is, and they are a huge factor in why it's so capable of creating atmospheres of mystery, tension, horror, and whimsy so effectively. While it's certainly not perfect, Umineko is the kind of niche classic that is definitely worth looking into."
76561198057875952,Recommended,406550,24604272,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lozange,"Fun fact: I actually finished this game about a month ago over the course of about a week of bingeing, and wasn't planning on reviewing it. I'm somehow still thinking about this f****** game a month later, and desperately want more. TL;DR version, if you already have a good idea of what Umineko is and are familiar with both the genre and the loosely related, not-super-necessary-but-pretty-good-anyway prequel Higurashi, get it, it's great. For everyone else, read on.First things first, there are two points of immediate interest that need to be covered so that you can understand what you're getting into: Umineko is only a game by the loosest definition (yet is very much a game), and that this release is the first half of the full story, the question arc. Umineko is known by nerds on the internet as a ""sound novel"", but for everyone else you should think of it like a book. And no, this isn't a choose your own adventure novel, or one with random minigames, for 99% of the game you read, you listen to the amazing music, and you watch static sprites change between expressions on a weird distorted photo background thing. That's it. And then you hope we get the second half.Still with me? Good. Because despite not being a game you can interact with, Umineko is definitely a game, with a compelling, complex set of rules and developments throughout.The premise of the game is initially fairly simple. 18 people gather together on an island in the middle of nowhere (as you do), broadly speaking to discuss that matter of who inherits said island and a bunch of money. When the grandfather guy they want the stuff from isn't actually dead yet. Kind of rude, honestly. But a chunk of the 18 people spend the first day on the island arguing about this, whilst the uh, staff of the house (close enough anyway) do their thing and the children/teenagers talk about stuff no one really cares about. I think they mention a riddle of some sort that might be loosely related to the plot, but I'm sure it's not important. Then around dinnertime, they get a letter from a mysterious person who calls themselves Beatrice, who claims that she's the gal who lent grandfather guy money for his island and business ventures, and wants her money back or something. Naturally, the group ignores it, since they want the money for themselves and they have no reason to believe the letter.The next day, some people are dead.I won't go into details because that's what playing the game is for, but broadly speaking, the circumstances of the deaths are highly suspect. There are supposed to be only 18 people on the island, and communication with the outside world has been cut off. The murders seem difficult to pull off without a hitch. Some suggest possible theories as to what happened.""A witch did it"", some say.A while later, more people are dead. This time, it seems impossible for anything other than a witch to have been involved. Some argue against it anyway. And then more people die. And then more. You, the player, begin to run out of suspects as to who could have done all this. Eventually, things come to a head, a witch was CLEARLY involved, there's no other way around it.Or was there a trick to it?This is the true mystery of Umineko. Are you playing a traditional murder mystery? Is the culprit one of the 18, who through the use of particularly clever tricks managed to fool the entire cast into believing in magic, killed them in an increasingly ridiculous fashion, and got away with it? Or was it really the result of magic, and you're in fact playing a fantastical tragedy surrounding very untrustworthy characters? The answer may seem obvious before playing, but believe me when I say that Umineko puts up a pretty convincing argument for both.*Brushes away sweat* wow, that was a long plot introduction. It's important though, it's all the game has. To point to my favourite aspect of Umineko right off the bat, it would have to be the inclusion of one particular plot wrinkle that makes itself known around chapter 2, and that's that everything spoken in red is absolutely, 100% the truth. Normally in a murder mystery you look towards evidence for what exactly happened in a crime, yet in umineko you are often given information that evidence just won't provide. For example, in a traditional mystery, you might hypotheise that it would be possible for a spare key to exist for a door somewhere. In umineko, if a character brings that up they may be contradicted. Umineko is very happy to quickly deny MANY possibilites for how a crime took place, to the point that the question isn't ""how did this happen"", but rather ""how COULD this happen"", which I find super interesting. In fact, super interesting could be applied to the mystery as a whole, because holy cow it is mysterious and stuff. (I know, vague, but it's a mystery, what do you want me to say)The cast is also pretty strong, although I do have my issues with a few aspects surrounding them. The writer of Umineko quite frankly has a pacing problem, and is quite happy to spend several hours at the beginning of each chapter developing characters before moving on to whatever the main event is. Now I have no issue with this in theory, but as with most plots involving murder, the characters are at their most interesting when they're, you know, being involved with murders. And whilst I overall love the writing in Umineko, when murder isn't happening the plot can get very anime, and not in an endearing way. Also, maybe this gets corrected in the second half, but the game quickly establishes Kyrie as best girl, but then rarely gives her the spotlight she deserves.Also also, YES, I GET IT, INSERT CHARACTER HERE LOVES INSERT CHARACTER HERE, DO THEY HAVE MUCH TO THEIR PERSONALITY ASIDE FROM THIS IN A NORMAL SETTING? NO? OK THEN, CAN WE GET BACK TO THE  MURDERS PLEASE.*Ahem* moving on, as I mentioned earlier the music is great.  Not all of the tracks are winners, but they keep introducing new tracks at a consistent enough pace, with enough different styles, that you'll probably find something you'll enjoy. Also, I have no idea what the rest of the internet is talking about, I actually rather enjoy the so called ""pachinko sprites"", aka the new sprites that are part of the advertising. The old sprites are also there, and they're charming enough in their own terrible way that I always switched over briefly whenever a new sprite appeared (which by the way you can do and I greatly appreciate that), but there is nothing wrong with the new sprites. Forgive me internet I have sinned.I'm a fast reader, and it overall took me about 40+ hours to finish the question arc, so plenty of bang for your buck in that regard. The ending naturally has plenty of sequel hooks for the second half, but it's also not a terrible ending in its own way, so it's not so bad that it makes waiting for the second half a nightmare. (APPARENTLY it's possible to solve most of the mysteries independently of the second half anyway, just stupidly hard to do so. I have not, although I may replay some of the game with a fresh mindset)So yeah, play it. It's good.(...And skip the anime adaptation, it covers this half of uminekmo but TERRIBLY. It's really not worth it, even if you want to see some scenes animated. Because chances are it skipped them.)"
,Recommended,406550,25689773,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,[Hex] RottenB,"In my Opinion ""Umineko no Naku Koro ni"" (or [more or less] translated in english ""When The Seagulls Cry"") is on par if not better than most of literature I've read over the years, and I've read a lot.This might sound a bit strange, some might say, isn't this supposed to be a game, some might say. Don't worry little fella' Uineko in deed qualifies as a game. Though not in the traditional sense of a video game. Umineko is a so-called ""Sound Novel"" by developer ""ryukushii07"". Their work (In the english realm known as the ""When They Cry"" series) focuses on mystery/""fantasy"" novels with fitting and emotional BGS/BGM. Their games(novels) thereby have overarcing plots, though in a rather unconditonally way that the scenery and main plot more or less stays the same but the course of actions throughout the plot change from game to game.With this rather unique way of telling a story, the games are definitely not for everyone, though I'd recommend buying the first Chapter of ""Higurashi"" to get a insight about the writing style. Up to date I think it's a perfect start to the series though it has a tough start.Same goes for Umineko. A lot of the intriguing plot point and turn of events come from episode 2 ongoing though nothing will be understand if the first chapter isn't played. Even then this series isn't solved in this game. This collection contains the first 4 out of 8 novels in the Umineko-Series (Also shown by the Tag ""Question Arc"" in the title). Therefore the mystery is shown and tried to explained at some points though this half is the mere start into the mystery rather than giving any real proof to substain any evidence.But! even if this migt sound to some as a negative point, it definitely isn't. The emotions portrait in the stories of each arc are one of the kind to me. I might have a soft spot for neglection and brutal acts in books and stories but in my opinion Umineko tops it all, sourrounded by a perfect mystery that let's you guess through the whole 60-80 hours one might need to read through the four chapters.I probably rambled quite a bit without giving any real information if someone might buy this or not. SoTl;dr:If you want a superb story with extremly well-written characters built around a unconventional mystery-story buy Umineko. It seriously is worth it. Though if you search something where you need to act on the game board rather than being forced to think outside of the games bounds than this shouldn't be your first pick.Ths story is interesting to read but still, it won't help you when you hate reading.Still I personally love the soundtrack to this game and even when you hate Visual Novels/ Sound Novels, the soundtrack can be enjoyed even when the game isn't played"
,Recommended,406550,24225100,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,KINRA,"For f♥♥♥'s sake JUST BUY IT! NO MORE QUESTION!Don't let my time in the game fool you. I have finished it countless of times before it is put in Steam.This is a masterpiece detective novel. The only thing you have to do is reading. No choices are given. You don't have any interaction to the world in the novel. But why is it considered a game? because you, the reader, have to think A LOT. If you think that modern detective novels are unfair (like hiding some hints from you), then this game is here for you. Everything is laid out before for your eyes. The creator said that it is designed solely for you, to THINK. If you guess who is the murderer correctly, you win. If not, you lose.YOU assume the role of one of the character, who are locked up in an island, where a serial murderer freely roams the island. You are granted Detective Authority. You don't have to worry about surviving, because detective doesn't die in a detective novel. Plus, what you perceive is the truth. Your sole duty is to SOLVE whodunnit/howdunnit/whydunnit. The whole novel consists of 8 episodes. What you get from this Question Arc is only the first four episodes.Some of you may enjoy READING it for fun, for curiosity.Some of you may enjoy PLAYING detective, to prove that your wit is superior.Some of you may SURRENDER to the mystery, and think that the murder is the work of magic.Some of you, however, may be able to SOLVE the whole mystery and know the WHOLE TRUTH.If you love Agatha Christie's novels, then BUY IT.If you love Sherlock Holmes, then BUY IT.If you love Kindaichi/Ace Attorney/Higurashi/ etc., then BUY IT.If you love detective novels, then BUY IT.Seriously, just BUY IT."
76561197999304502,Recommended,406550,24211614,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,windblade,"This game is a visual novel in the truest sense.  The text itself is front and center, overlaying the graphics.  There are no voices, only very good music well-tailored to every scene.  There are no choices, and there is no ""gameplay"" built in at all.But it is a truly fantastic novel.  The excellent story is everything for this game.  And while there are no mini-games or anything like that, a great deal of what makes this game great is the challenge presented to you: Find the truth, whatever that may be."
,Recommended,406550,27898179,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Basic Island,Just read this novel. It's that good.
,Recommended,406550,26487173,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,One Winged Thanatos,"This is literally my favorite VN/story ever created, an amazing murder mystery that I cannot recommend enough."
76561198139708217,Recommended,406550,29755809,Posted: 6 February,all,Chang'e,Came for the suspense.Stayed for the overwhelming feels.
,Recommended,406550,31354168,Posted: 25 April,all,»Crystaliced,This is a really life-changing game! It is worth the price.
76561198003589788,Recommended,406550,24289688,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,The,If you have the time to read it. I would highly suggest doing so. Even if you have read it before I would reccomend it as most of the script has been re-written so that it story flows better. Umineko is easily the best visual novel I have ever read with really creative storytelling and a beautiful soundtrack. I could not reccomend this any higher.
,Recommended,406550,24766737,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Esp,"Playtime does not reflect amount of content at all. I just bought it today and have read all eight novels in the past.---Great murder mystery Visual Novel/Sound Novel. By the person who made Higurashi, but this is much more deeper. Do recommend to anyone who wants a good read, something to keep thinking about.Update: I forgot to mention, the music in this game is great. It's some of the best music I've heard in video games, and I still frequently listen to it. I still know exactly what song plays at what moment, and can still experience the same tension/emotions I experienced first time reading through.If you've ever watched the anime and found it lackluster, believe me, the source material is much better. These four ""Episodes"" span the entire anime, but everything is much less rushed. The anime also butchered the story to the point where the mystery was left unsolvable, so there's that.As for the specifics of this release, a couple of notes:- The sprites have been reworked, and in my opinion the PS3 sprites are superior.- No voice acting- Only the Question arcs for nowHowever, there is a patch in the works by fans that aims to fix the former two. Per writing of this review however, only the voice acting has been modded in and it hasn't officially been released yet, so expect bugs if you do end up using it (like me).Translation is an updated version of Witch Hunter's fan translation.You'll get the Question arc episodes all in one, so that's Episode 1-4 (ending with Alliance of The Golden Witch). But make no mistake. That is still plenty of reading to do. You could count each ""episode"" as seperate novels if you will, you'll be getting plenty of content for you money's worth.I really hope that Umineko Chiru (the Answer arc) will be released too at some point. Those would be episode 5-8, explaining the questions posed int he Question arc."
,Recommended,406550,28516736,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Canas tinyhands,"this story really is good, and that's just the first half! I cannot wait for the second half of the story to come to steam.things I liked-fantastic characters and characterizationgreat sound trackgood for deep disscussion""IT'S ALL USELESS""things I didn't like-eva >:["
,Recommended,406550,29130281,Posted: 8 January,all,KyuuGryphon,"(Ignore my (EDIT: relatively) low playtime here. I own a non-Steam version from a few years back, and have poured countless hours into that.)Umineko, out of all the stories I've read, is probably my single favourite work of fiction. I don't think anything's moved me quite as much as Umineko has, before or since I first read it. It's changed the way I think and approach others, definitely for the better.The basic premise isn't the most original thing in the world - it's very apparent that it was inspired by And Then There Were None, and it doesn't shy away from other references to its inspirations - but the attention to detail put into how it's done is superb.The soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal - while I wouldn't go listening to some of the songs from it on my own, I wouldn't skip through any of them if they were to start playing. The game's use of the soundtrack is also masterful - Ryukishi07 is very skilled at building an atmosphere, through writing and use of music together.The cast of characters is quite sizeable (starting at 18, and it only grows from there!), but all of the key characters are wonderfully fleshed out, and most of them are explored in-depth. Some of them aren't explored as much, which is unfortunate, but it's still clear that a lot of thought and love went into every single character. They all feel like real human beings, with their own strengths and flaws, their own shining, heroic qualities, and their own base, selfish, sometimes even cruel ones.Umineko is definitely not for everyone - it's quite long and very dense, and it can get difficult to follow exactly what's important and what isn't later on. Having said that, I would very highly recommend it - it's a masterfully written work. While it's got its flaws (the writing is slightly clumsy at times, and the pacing can be quite messy), the amount of thought, love, and care that went into writing it shines through brightly. $30 might sound a bit steep (for those of us in Canada at least, hooray exchange rates!), but it's more than a fair price for the amount of content you get.Definitely looking forward to the arrival of Chiru and Golden Fantasia.EDIT Jan 27th: I kinda wish I'd remembered this earlier - the PS3 version patch. Opinions on the Steam sprites aside, the PS3 patch also includes redrawn backgrounds and voice-overs. Personally, I'd consider the voicework essential to the experience - Sayaka Ohara's performance as Beatrice is phenomenal, and there are some important details in the dialogue that simply don't translate to English at all. I would strongly recommend the PS3 patch for that alone."
,Recommended,406550,24406692,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,InGame,"While the UI is inferior to ""Higurashi"", the Story is imo superior. After buying this (which you should btw) you should turn on the CGs, which are unfortunatly disabled. The forum has you covered."
,Recommended,406550,24627203,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Swaggervest,"Despite the low playtime, I've read it before, both the question and truth arcs.Umineko is quite literally some of the best written works out there. I normally only read ""the classics"" when it comes to literature, such as Don Quixote, Kafka's works, Camus, Tolstoy etc, and I've gotta say, Umineko is without a doubt in my top 3 in the world of written entertaintment. I can't recommend Umineko enough. It's an absolute must read for any fan of meta layers, murder mystery, logical puzzles or the concept of faith and love itself.I personally dislike the new Steam artwork, but there's a patch in the making that will allow you to switch it to the PS3 artwork. Which, IMO, is the definite way to play. It's either that or the original artwork, which has it charms.Seriously, go buy it. It's long, it starts slow as hell, but my God, it's absolutely fantastic. Bordering on life changing for me."
76561198118686595,Recommended,406550,30228039,Posted: 27 February,all,Silvermine,"Umineko is one of the best mystery novels I have ever read, I came in expecting it to not be as great as its predecessor Higurashi but in my opinion it was by far superior to Higurashi, it has an incredible and interesting story, a lage cast of good relatable characters, and a godly soundtrack, the only cons are that it is quite slow and that might keep some new readers from trying it but it gets a lot better over time and the new art isn't that great but that can be fixed by downloading the ps3 patch which includes the sprites, backgrounds, and voices, I just hope the answer arcs (Chiru) comes out soon, and I will say it in red IT IS A MUST BUY, my rating is for it is a 9.7/10."
76561198155538994,Recommended,406550,32105993,Posted: 1 June,all,penuttler66,"Love the soundtrack, love the story. Very stimulating for the mind. I'm definitely buying the next four chapters when they are on steam. 1-4 is such a tease by themselves.... heh."
,Recommended,406550,33919430,Posted: 30 July,all,Sinist3rRain,"A true masterpiece. I orignally completed Umineko from its original release, but oh boy, this remaster does not disappoint at all. It's hard to tell from looking at the promotion material, but this game - more technically a visual novel - is far, far more than what it seems.The story is fantastic; a stimulating murder mystery (or fantasy, that's up to you), one of the only few where you'll try to guess the outcome, to be only so very, very wrong, but for all the right reasons. This is a story where you must pay attention to all the small things, skimming over paragraphs of text will ruin the experence, but i promise you that if you follow patiently, you'll be well rewarded.Visually, it's had a serious makeover and it does wonders. Backgrounds are vibrant and portray the story perfectly and the new character sprites are a wonderful addition.  There is the option to play with the original sprites but i won't blame you for using the remastered sprites.Audio design and soundtrack is fantastic, you MUST play with music on, 100% recommend using headphones. Music variety goes between from calming lullabies to tense requiems that'll leave you awake at night in a cold sweat.Cannot wait for the Answer Arcs to be remastered, if you've ever wanted to try a visual novel, this is one for you."
,Recommended,406550,26893609,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Safety Alpaca,Pretty much the best VN ever made.
76561198043924144,Recommended,406550,24433510,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,AM DENNY =),This is on some good♥♥♥♥♥♥10.5/10
,Recommended,406550,24351357,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ａmy,"Behold the sweetfish river running through my beloved hometown.You who seek the Golden Land, follow its path downstream in search of the keyAs you travel down it, you will see a village.In that village, look for the shore the two will tell you of.There sleeps the key to the Golden Land.The one who obtains the key must then travel to the Golden Land in accordance with these rulesOn the first twilight, offer the six chosen by the key as sacrifices.On the second twilight, those who remain shall tear apart the two who are close.On the third twilight, those who remain shall praise my noble name.On the fourth twilight, gouge the head and kill.On the fifth twilight, gouge the chest and kill.On the sixth twilight, gouge the stomach and kill.On the seventh twilight, gouge the knee and kill.On the eighth twilight, gouge the leg and kill.On the ninth twilight, the witch shall revive, and none shall be left alive.On the tenth twilight, the journey shall end, and you shall reach the capital where the gold dwellsThe witch will praise the wise, and should bestow four treasures.One shall be, all the gold from the Golden Land.One shall be, the resurrection of the souls of all the dead.One shall be, even the resurrection of the lost love.One shall be, to put the witch to sleep for all time.Sleep peacefully, my most beloved witch, Beatrice."
76561198116753712,Recommended,406550,25316047,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,LivingSword,"Umineko is a fantastic supernatural mystery, the characters are great, the writing and the soundtrack are superb. This is only half of the entire story but I can already say that this is a masterpiece and one of the best things I'll ever read. It's a life changer."
,Recommended,406550,27735314,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hatsune Niku,"There are no words to explain why this game is so awesome..  It honestly changed my vision of the world and the way I live my life. The lessons you learn from this experience, if they touch your heart the way it touched mine, will acompany you forever, and teach you how to reach happiness...Welcome to rokkenjima, enjoy your stay."
76561197999493869,Recommended,406550,25639885,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ZeroBeatXIII,"You have to put a bit of time into this one, and it won't be complete or pay off till the answer arc comes out, but damn is it a hell of a ride."
,Recommended,406550,27407391,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,wikihow,"Fantastic visual novel, highly recommended.Tip: After reading a chapter always go through the 'tea party' and '?????' events before starting a new chapter because they are directly needed to understand what is happening going forward. You will absolutely be lost if you skip these after the first chapter and go straight into the second."
,Recommended,406550,34948208,Posted: 14 September,all,( • 8 • ),"I prefer my stories to be more on the realistic side rather than fantasy when it comes to mysteries. The plot was a perfect set-up for murder mysteries so when I heard Umineko involves a lot of witches and magic I wasn't sure if I'm gonna like it, in a sense it was like how Battler was trying to deny the witch using human logic. I was so sure that putting magical elements in the story would just complicate and mess up the setting, and it did but surprisingly not in a bad way. Infact Umineko's story thrives on these themes.This is what makes Umineko great! by adding these elements it forces you to keep thinking (""Turn the chessboard around"") to understand it further. It never felt repetitive even if the events themselves keeps repeating, and its all thanks to the addition of magic. never have I thought that magic would really add to the mystery side of the story, to help you better understand what I mean I'll give you a minor backgroundspoilerof the story.It starts of with a annual family conference about the inheritance of the familiy's wealth on an isolated island called rokkenjima, when a typhoon passes through isolating the island. The basic premise of the story isa battle between Battler a resident of the island and BEATRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICHE the rumored golden witch who supposedly gave the head of the family 10 tons of gold which became the foundation of the familiys wealth, and in the center of it all an epitapth containing the location the hidden gold promising to give both gold and headship to the person who solves the riddle. The battle of Inheritance turns into a massacre said to be a ritual to ressurect the witch. The tragedy would then sparked a game with both trying to explain how the massacre occured, with no one truly understanding what really happened to the island it created the illusion of the massacres being done by a witch. where magic and reality can simultaneously exist until the truth is revealed. the fight continues with Battler usingtwistedHuman logic to explain that the mysteries can be done by humans while Beatrice explaining the existences of witches and magic as the culprit. Putting them into an Endless battle to understand their own existence and to reveal what really happend in the island.From there an epic story about mystery and fantasy is set. Honestly the story is so crazy and confusing that it makes it look like it doesn't make sense, yet the way Umineko explains it makes it sensible, Kinda like a paradox. The writing is really brilliant from references to its underlying themes and use of logical concepts such as Devils proof, Hempels raven and Schrodingers cat, the game perfectly encorporated them to further enhance the story. The soundtrack on the other hand is outstanding it really adds to the experience from the cheerful organ pieces that plays on tense situations to its haunting orchestrals and calm piano pieces, its such a pleasure listening to. I can go on about the things I love about this game but I'll stop it at that.Truly this game is an ENDLESS! masterpiece!if I can say it in red but I'll settle it with blue since this is my own opinion."
76561198213361692,Recommended,406550,35278512,Posted: 28 September,all,junglers get sick and die,"Nearly all stories 'concentrates' time, that is, a reader can spend like two hours to read about a story of one weak span. The best part about UMINEKO is, it costs you over 160 bloody hours (core arc included) to read about an event happened in two days, and in the end, you still have no idea what actually happened. 10/10. One of the most innovative and capturing stories I've ever seen,"
,Recommended,406550,25916051,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,AMF,"Umineko is a very precious game to me, and I'm very happy to be able to buy it on Steam with all these lovely improved translations. I would definitely recommend  it to anyone."
76561198246408128,Recommended,406550,24242955,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,FuturerAge,Pros: Great StoryWonderful SoundtrackA very complex mystery.Cons: Lack of Voices for Characters.Will be picking up Chiru when released.
76561198087668738,Recommended,406550,24197883,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Culli,"One of the best VN!! i totally recomend it, cant wait for the answer Arc (Umineko chiru)"
,Recommended,406550,25725726,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Darlinghaven,Give us Chiru please! :D
76561198257574925,Recommended,406550,28728626,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[     ],"Deeply unsettling, with a fascinating story and music that lends itself to a powerful atmosphere, Umineko is insanely compelling. However, I would not recommend playing this at night, or without a wall to your back."
,Recommended,406550,30126192,Posted: 23 February,all,prototypeOEZ,"Althugh this game is LONG and is one of the longest visual novels out there so it is understandable for some people to be intimidated.HOWEVER... I and every single person who has read this can agree that it is 100% anyone's time and personally, I have never came across such a good a well written story as much as this before. Therefore I recommend anyone who is a fan of the mystery genre or just good writing/characters in general.It is pretty difficult to explain this story without giving spoilers due to the large amount of complex layers but I think that the steam description does quite well of explaining the first layer of the story.Also avoid the anime adaptation of this game like the plague (manga is a good alternative but you will miss out on the greatest video OST/BGM of all time that comes with this game)(also rose guns days western release pls mangagamer)"
76561198090915718,Recommended,406550,33020433,Posted: 29 June,all,Soundwave...,"Umineko is really interesting i had a blast with it, the only problem i have with it is that it kinda ends on a cliffhanger and i have to wait until the Answer Arcs are released, I really loved the OST's and the Charcters the characters are really interesitng quite a few have their own unique character and traits while one character i completely despised the whole entire way through i cant wait to read the Answer Arcs"
76561198160868511,Recommended,406550,35249306,Posted: 27 September,all,Strayed Lynx,"Another big name quality visual novel,this one is from 07th Expansion,the makers of Higurashi,so expect an awesome writing and batshit insane characters."
,Recommended,406550,29347918,Posted: 18 January,all,bananadumbledore,this game was easily one of the most intresting and satisfying visual novels i've experienced in a long time. it came highly recommended but it exceeded all expectations. i eagerly await the Answer Arc
,Recommended,406550,26768980,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Knurek,Absolutely the best story based game on Steam.Can't wait for the second part to be released.
,Recommended,406550,26978697,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Napo,YAMI WO KIRISAKU LOAD THIS DRYER!
,Recommended,406550,29295215,Posted: 16 January,all,Lust for Life,"After finishing the Higurashi novels recently, I decided invest time into the successor series, Umineko, to fill the void that Higurashi had left behind.I wasn't disappointed.But to be honest, I didn't really expect much at first. In fact, I felt the intro sequence was quite stiff and difficult to adjust to. However, what followed was a mind-bending, unsettling, yet moving tale that left my jaw wide open. Umineko goes beyond the normal definition of ""mystery."" It challenges the reader to consider a wide range of perspectives. It breathes life into the characters, making it difficult for one not to sympathize with those who may be considered evil or antagonistic. The soundtrack is lovely and fitting, contributing greatly to the overall atmosphere of the novel. I would reccomend reading Umineko after reading Higurashi. It's not required, but it grants one a unique perspective to approach Umineko initially. Also, Umineko contains many references to characters and events from Higurashi.Overall, Umineko is a fantastic novel and I reccomend it to anyone who's willing to invest their time into it."
,Recommended,406550,31479608,Posted: 30 April,all,isofrag,"Umineko no Naku Koro ni is a tale where the lines of reality and fantasy blur together. It invites you to discover the reason behind the murders as well as ""who did it"". But, in all my years having reread this timeless tale, I've come to realize it isn't entirely about the mystery. It's a tale of friendship and worlds that everyone is capable of creating for themselves. This novel is one of the greatest works of fiction -albeit, frustrating if you're trying to solve every mystery- and Ryukishi is simply not credited enough for the amazing experience you will get out of this novel.Who is Beatrice? What really occurred on Rokkenjima? What is the meaning behind this?I promise you, by the end of this tale you will view life a little differently. This is a tale for the dreamers, the detectives, the witches, and the humans. It's a tale for anyone and everyone, but it takes a lot of thought and possibly rereading to understand what it means fully. (Once the Core Arcs are on Steam, that definitely adds more layers of worlds to this tale, and helps with understanding it all.) It is a tale that is meant to be enjoyed slowly, thought over for endless nights, and read over again simply to be welcomed back to the inviting and spectacular cast we've all come to know and love.If you try anything new, please make in Umineko. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,406550,24224229,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Pops,"This Visual Novel....... Look, to Start with, I just bought it from Steam, but I already played the Original version of it so please, hear me out.It 's hard for me to talk about his game, because I just love it, no way around  it.I just opened the Steam Version of the game and..... I Heard the Clock, the seagulls, and etc.Then I actually Started crying.This isn't just a game or a Visual novel to me, of course, it is good WAY too good. But to me..... It is something that really changed my way to view some things, this Visual Novel actually changed me. In a good way.This novel is an experience, is an story that will bring you to rokkenjima, you will be right by the side of the main character, solving the mysteries and dealing with their problems. And you will learn a new way of looking at things.All that I can say more than this is........ I'm back home now.Welcome to Rokkenjima."
,Recommended,406550,24230300,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,sii_kei,"This is neither a murder mystery, nor a fantasy series - yet it is both.This is not an interactive novel, but a kinetic one - yet it will play with your mind and challenge you like no other.Welcome to Umineko - When they cry, a series that not only deconstructs the mystery genre, but starts questioning the very way stories have been told so far. Throughout your journey, you will be trolled, mind♥♥♥♥ed, amazed, challenged, determined to get out of your comfort zone. You will cry with the characters, you will scream with the characters, you will have an intellectual and philosophical debate regarding the objective vs. subjective nature of truth, you will deny magic while drinking tea with a witch and, most important of all, you will be changed.Umineko is a sound novel. It does not have any choices per se, however its interactive nature stems from the fact that is is a game between you - the reader - and the author. It is the best medium in which to experience this series, as the manga unfortunately cuts down on the interactivity part by giving you the answers one by one andthe anime was so disappointing, that most fans pretend it never existed. However, the sound novel has two major advantages.The first is the atmosphere, created on one hand by the most amazing soundtrack I've ever listened to in a game (combined with the leitmotif sounds of rain, seagulls and the sea) and on the other hand, by the setting itself - the isolated island, the rich mansion, the rose garden - all beautifully illustrated by the realistic photo backgrounds. The second is the fact that it is, first and foremost, a novel - therefore certain aspects are left ambiguous through writing, enabling you to fill in the gaps either with personal projections of your own mind or personal theories regarding what happened.The new art, featuring the sprites licensed from the pachinko Umineko game, is definitely an improvement to the original one (despite the fact that the original one - which I've played with in the past, before the Steam release - had its own undeniable charm). However, the new sprites make the characters pop out of the backgrounds better and is more consistent. Some characters may look a bit odd (mostly Battler, who desperately needs a haircut, and some of the female cast, who have beach balls instead of breasts). But most of the older characters look surprisingly better - they show their experiences on their faces.It should be mentioned that Umineko had been ported to PS3 in the past with new sprites, backgrounds and voices - which Mangagamer couldn't license. However, an unofficial mod will mostly definitely come out for this version soon. Personally, I am not a big fan of it, due to the stiffness of the characters, the weird perspectives and cartoonish aspects of the backgrounds and the fact that voices take away some of my own imagination and make the read-through last much longer. So, for now, I definitely recommend the Steam version more - since it is closer to the original intent.Regarding the content itself, this game only features the first 4 Question arcs, each requiring a reading time between 10 and 15 hours. The translation is an improved version of the fan patch, done by the wonderful team Witch Hunt. Each arc shows an alternative story of what happened on the 4th and 5th of October 1986 on the island belonging to the Ushiromiya family, Rokkenjima. Some arcs (for example the first and second one) start a bit slower, insisting on the relationship between characters and on a bit of backstory before setting the stage. However, some of these introductory parts contain very important hints to the overall mystery, hidden between layers and layers of deception. This makes Umineko have an amazing replay value, because you always notice things that escaped you on the first or second read.Without getting into spoiler territory, the question arcs start as a classic mystery with allusions to magic... only to make you realize that the overall story takes place outside of the mystery itself, in a fantasy setting. Confusing, huh? Umineko manages to blend in various genres and bring forth themes such as the nature of truth, the possibility of multiverses, love, the cycle of abuse, accepting one's death, creating your own fantasy world in order to cope with the harshness of life, the importance of storytelling, the futility of miracles... and many more. Because of its very nature, it is a story which can be (re)interpreted according to each reader's vision within certain limits, which is probably why even now, 9 years after the release of the first Question arc, fans are still writing huge emotional blocks of texts debating theories on various forums, on youtube, or on any platform where Umineko pops up.All in all, I recommend this game wholeheartedly - especially if you are a fan of mystery and suspense, of Higurashi, or just want a story that breaks the confines of classic storytelling. Sit back, take a pen and paper and write notes and try figuring out the truth yourself while reading. You'll most definitely fail, but the fun itself comes from theorizing and exchanging ideas with others. And hey, helping you figure out the truth with certainty is what the Core arcs will be for when they will be released on Steam."
,Recommended,406550,24224656,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BOT Fragger,"Years ago when I was still in highschool I watched the anime for this after hearing it was a 'sequel' to Higurashi (it's not exactly). The anime left me very confused and was unfinished so I decided to continue the series  by watching playthroughs on youtube. The two answer arc chapters that I saw astounded me so much that I bought the question arc to understand the series better and eventually the answer arc when it was completed. I'm glad I did. Umineko is an incredibly deep and thought provoking novel that for some people (like myself), can influence their life.This novel takes place in a world of magic versus logic. As you dive into the story I encourage you to put yourself into the world and decide whether or not you believe in the beautifully fantastic world of magic. Or decide to be a detective who believes that magic is nonsense! And use logic and reasoning to explain the unexplainable. No matter what you believe in be prepared as the series puts you through various emotions. It may be a taxing read if you are a somewhat slow reader, but it's definitely worth it as you can get a lot out of it.Music is neat, art is ok. If you use the original character sprites you'll notice they aren't that good. I still prefer them idk why.TLDR: 10/10 will read a 3rd time.For those detectives who want to solve as much as possible on their own DON'T READ THIS!!!!!Regarding the epitaph:In order to solve the epitaph before it's revealed in the answer arcs, you will need to have an understanding of - or research some Japanese kanji, since this game is originally Japanese. That's all I'll say."
76561198005507216,Recommended,406550,24241318,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mordarto,"Umineko is the pinnacle of visual/kinetic novels for me. Many, myself included, consider this the best piece of writing by its author, ryukishi07, who also wrote Higurashi.A kinetic novel is slightly different than a visual novel. A visual novel is akin to a ""choose your own adventure"" story book, where choices pop up here and there to allow you to explore certain ""routes"" of the story. A kinetic novel contains no choices, and is essentially just a novel but with background music, drawn characters and background, and voice acting (though currently this Steam version doesn't have voice acting).Even by visual kinetic novels, Umineko is LONG. Similar to Higurashi, Umineko spans over 8 chapters (the first 4 chapters are part of this sale and the latter 4 will be released at a later date), with the first four setting up the mystery while the latter 4 giving more clues to help you solve the mystery.This is certainly one of the best pieces of mystery I've read, and I'm an avid reader of authors such as Doyle and Christie. The synopsis is as follows:The protagonist, after being estranged from his family for a few years, joins his father and step-mother for a family reunion on an island that his grandfather and his oldest uncle resides on. He sees his aunts, uncles, and cousins, as well as maids and butlers employed by his family for the first time in many years. While he is reacquainted with his cousins, the rest of the family squabble over inheritance that will be left by his aging grandfather. As a storm isolates the island from the rest of the world, and with rumors of a witch that lives on the island, all these elements blend together for a close circle mystery that blur the line between dective-mystery and fantasy.Does the witch actually exist? Was it magic that caused the events on the island? Read through the first 4 chapters of Umineko to formulate your own thoughts on the events on the island, and remember, without love, it cannot be seen."
,Recommended,406550,28713734,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shishigami,"Amazing game,a must play in the genre,raccomanded,can't see for the second half"
,Recommended,406550,25585532,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Rasen1138,Best books
,Recommended,406550,34498093,Posted: 25 August,all,Gucci Gundam,"Much like Higurashi, I was left dumbfounded and terrified.Just as good as Higurashi, but completely different story. Still feelings chills going down my spine, but no biggie....uu-uuCan't wait for the answer arcs for this and Higurashi!"
76561198024491507,Recommended,406550,34338134,Posted: 18 August,all,Soulfire,Intriguing storyExtraordinary soundtrackInteresting and deep charactersCan't wait for Answer Arc!
,Recommended,406550,24223527,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,God Darts502,"<Very good!> deconstruction of murder-mystery. If you like murder-mystery, or even just mystery focused media, there's no way you can't like Umineko. The core mystery itself is very simple, who did it? how did they do it? and why did they do it?. What Ryukishi does with even the very simple core elements of mystery is amazing. Everything is turned on its head. Don't let the anime art-style and the fact it's a visual novel turn you off this geniusly layered game.Everything about the visual novel is very meticulously crafted, and I really like that. With such a large cast of characters, it's really amazing how like 95% of them don't feel flat, and useless. They all have a very specific purpose, only one I wish had more development was Hideyoshi.The way Umineko is written, is just genius. It almost feels post-modernist, because of its deconstruction of every little thing. Is anything real, is something just a made up construct inside your head? Did the author even intend for anything to be real? It's so ♥♥♥♥ing well done, to the point where every time you read Umineko, you self-doubt everything you've thought of it up until this re-read.It's just so genius how much information he gives you towards the truth. But that truth is just ""a truth"", is it ""the truth""? well, that's the magic of the story, or should I say mystery :^)Also music 10/10, could listen to the OST's forever.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLj8eGLLIxS_RXXgeAkW4kPMD6IBRR35Fkhere's the full playlist, actually. Enjoy it, just don't read the comments or you're ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,406550,25805123,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Swamp,Ryukishi07's despair generator strikes beautifully.
,Recommended,406550,24390127,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Scragg,guys. i havent played the whole game but. if you are even thinking about it. do it.pros: pretty much everythingcons: no decision making (so far)rating- yandere/10
,Recommended,406550,26081701,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Crying Retard,YOU FOOL!!!!
,Recommended,406550,25574762,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,bury nice,"i have so many questions, sweet sweet questions"
,Recommended,406550,30045975,Posted: 19 February,all,Yasa,"Incredible story, incredible sound track."
,Recommended,406550,32795046,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,Great game.
76561198046208796,Recommended,406550,34593867,Posted: 29 August,all,Jimmy Chimperston,good
,Not Recommended,406550,24899592,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Danko,"This is the story that could change your life, if you have the patience for it.However, at the moment I simply can't recommend the Steam version as it's clearly inferior to the PS version released many years ago.While the new sprites are arguably as good as the PS ones, unlike the PS version this version has no voice acting and only the classic backgrounds made up from old filtered photos instead of proper digital art BGs (because of licensing issues).So if you want the complete original experience - grab this game asap (and don't forget to turn on the classic sprites).Otherwise, if you prefer voices and a little more visual appeal in your VNs - I suggest waiting a bit more for a PS fan-patch (in the works). Perhaps by that time the rest 4 episodes will be available as well."
,Recommended,406550,29888867,Posted: 12 February,all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,i just want to unlock the hidden kinzo x battler sex scene omg......................... shannon when will you finally realize jessica is ur true love... smh.................... why are there no h scenes? really??? omg... literally the worst vn ever...
,Not Recommended,406550,32983281,Posted: 29 June,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"*_* Great characters and setup but it all goes too magical and wacky for me, the first episode as a standalone is great, but IMO this works so much better without the magic elements being so ridiculous and in your face Q_Q"
76561198117554662,Recommended,406550,27978581,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,siddharthmittal,Best possible story. Just dont watch anime before playing (or reading) this game. But it takes lot of time. Eagerly waiting for next part.
,Recommended,406550,26809709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fereleth,"Umineko is an absolutely incredible experience. Ryukishi07 has managed to blend the mystery and fantasy genres together in a unique metafictional format that has changed the way I look at every story I've read since. A lot of scenes will work particularly well on people familiar with otaku culture and the visual novel medium, but the story itself is the sort of timeless tale that anybody should be able to enjoy."
,Recommended,406550,26874677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RockBandMan,"(I've completed this game using the Witch Hunt translation, so everything I say will be coming from that)Umineko is a visual novel released between 2007 and late 2010 (with these episodes, the Question Arcs, being released in 2007 and 2008). It is a murder mystey/fantasy novel packed with tons of content to keep you on your toes at all times... for the most part.The story itself is probably one of the best things I've ever read, including all visual novels, regular novels, fiction/non-fiction, etc.. In short, it involves a family going to an island that is only inhabited by the family head and a some other family members. They go there, and they recieve a letter from a mysterious entity calling themselves ""Beatrice"", saying they must find the gold hidden on the island, or she will be forced to recieve ""interest"" from them. From then on, strange things happen, and people start questioning their trust for each other, yada yada other murder mystery things.While the story is amazing, it DOES drag for a bit for the first 4-6 hours, basically the entire first in game day in the first episode. After that though, the story hooks you in and refuses to let go until you've ended up binging the entire episode, and it only leaves you craving more.One thing I especially love about Umineko is how, even though it has LOTS of them (There are at least 18[!] of them introduced just in the first day of the first episode alone, and there are MANY more introduced later), it uses all its characters efficiently. You're never left feeling some characters are under utilized or under developed. Even though some characters definitely get more development than others (but really, in a cast of so many characters, can you blame them?), even the most under developed character still feels complete.All in all, Umineko is probably one of the most visual novels, let alone novels, in the past decade. I would 100% recommend it to anyone looking for a good read.9.5/10"
76561198026623740,Recommended,406550,26961702,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lauro.rio,"Why don't you just give up and buy?Seriously, you should buy this game, otherwise you'll lose an excellent story."
,Recommended,406550,34873905,Posted: 10 September,all,Plagioclase,"Buy this game. It's amazing. A 100 hour long theatrical performance in your computer screen. Similar to Higurashi in some ways, different in others - but just as fantastic.Just make sure you get the graphics and sound patch - it makes it twice as good."
,Recommended,406550,35299380,Posted: 29 September,all,Sputnik,Small bombs ! They were definitely killed by small edible bombs...
76561198067577760,Recommended,406550,35216940,Posted: 25 September,all,micahforbusiness,"Wright Micah^ Rough Build 33.1 (spilling completed & feedback needed ) (Windows Server 2008(Vista)^  I am Dyslexic and spilling is really hard for me thank you from Wright Micahbefore I make a review of this game it is strongly recommended for new comers to read Da Capo 3 R or CLANNAD before reading this novel who has no experience with Japan novels. ill also strongly advised patching this game to Umineko Question Arcs Voice and Graphics Patch v2.9 made by ItaloKnox  from herehttps://github.com/07th-mod/umineko-question/releases/tag/v2.9.0( this patch adds support for voice in characters, even addsenal artwork from the play station to your steam game. There even go out of their way to change some of the text, to match the ps3 if the content is superior then the pc versions. including spilling currishness that mange gamer missed.now it is time for the review of the oviler story and major spillers of exsompes chapter 2 of umineko?Umineko when they cry. in the nutshell was about that the battler left his father. To be with his maternal grandparents for six years. He does sometimes came back to see ange his sister on her birthday dispatch his bad teems with his father.The fact is he lived with his grand parites, rising him until they died from old age.  he comes up to the family conference  to catch up with his cosines. as  latter as he and his siblings knows the Ushiromiya family will be killed by Beatrice as the greedy family gets a meeting determining they inhaseses. of the uncles Kinzo near dearth money. that does not pin out when Beatrice. the legal adviser, will do any means to keep her power and influence like returning her 1 billion dillers worth of assets including dearth of Family to pay back the loan that kinzo contracted with Beatrice the witch that made the Ushiromiya family rich over night. who in fact might not be the witch sense it is unclear in the novel.sadly this story flase apart quickly with insistences and confusions. that battler is trying to proof that britrace is one big phony. and this watch story was in place to scaere the greedy family. on October 4th at midnight 6 people will die at once. tune on October 5th, a coppy will die, after that 2 hours 1 will die with hand, arm, leg and chest. (than the great powerful britrace witch will be re-vive on October 7th). so if the game is surpassed to prove that people is casing this deaths. how in the world in October 4th that all 6 people who are servants- meads. got killed with perfectly lock doors from the inside. with are 6 having keys with the packets. on top of that there are no copies or spire keys unless you go inside Kinzo Ushiromiya chambers, which is no passable way of going inside without kinzo's own key. on type of that he is died. so battler explains, for this is that one of the servants being in traps on all the 6 rooms. that can only work when kinzo is the mastermind. the thing is hife a hour later reading the novel you found that kenzo himself cannot live his chambers without his head servant named Genji Ronoue both keys mast be inside before his door can open. so next you can assume that genji is the mastermind of the murder. that fells also. when he was the first person who got killed. than the player thanks that the Ushiromiya family must've accidently found a securest door inside kinzo chambers  and killed him for inashsers. again the 4th time does not work out, Beatrice the surpaonaglly witch will turn who words  white to red from the screen when Beatrice including battler are telling the truth. Beatrice sies in red that there is no secret rooms. so basely battler is trapped in this chess gameborld for over 1000 years like in higurashi with Furude Rika . then you as the player mast thank it is the work from a witch, 5th time fells apart like I sied above than the great powerful Beatrice which will be re-vive on October 7th, meaning the witch is a ghost. so if witches or humans are not responsible how can you beat the game you can't, this is one of the reasons why this novel why make you thank and question of what is going on awand you.I will make this clear Furude Rika, from the higurashi when they cry might be Frederica Bernkastel  in unineko when they cry. this novel has a very complicating nature for new comers for this reason.That for this reason. I strongly advised reading higruashi chapter 7 Minagoroshi-hen not yet avoidable on steam but can be found herehttp://erogedownload.com/downloads/higurashi-when-they-cry-kai-minagoroshi/. explained , you see Rika always dies on may 31st. at the age of 13. so every time; she dies she is reborn. in the same island of Hinamizawa is august 21 1972 her 1st birthday. now in most cases when this happens the soil has no say which or when she is burned although. her spart guide Hanyū from unineko when they cry uses her influence to being her back to this touchiest chess game bored that Rika is fighting this unknown entitle for over 1000 years.now here's The problem with this, it is unclear that bernkastel and Rika are the same person?The only way for this to work out is when Rokkenjima and Hinamizawa are in the same time frame in 1986. even if that was the case how can Rika who is alive in higurashi, be in spirit on umineko. this does not make any sense. on lose every time she dies on may 31 times x years, she helps out battler. that again cannot be the case when August 21, times x years, Rika is born and always dies at may 31st except in Meakashi-hen and Watanagashi-hen that Rika killed herself with a knife on may 28th. so Bernkastel or Furude Rika , how are you helping him on October 4th and 5th 1986. unloose Bernkaseal was a supported being? even that's been proven false? because in the anime version of higurashi no naku koro ni episode 24 Festival Accompanying Chapter Eleven – End, Frederica Bernkastel appears in higurashi when they cry. so most people like me thick there are the same person.now back to umineko.dispect it's very compacted nature I do really love the characters expertly  Maria Ushiromiya, and the soundtrack is lovely excpaplly the 11a_worldend, worldenddominator, hope(ver1.00), apathy, and 08_deadangle  from inside the bgm folder. it smooth and relaxing with the fare of unknown. with the right amount of tension to the series. I also like the fact the book is a puzzle that the player needs thick of their point of view in the game. The fact that battler challenges the witch, of his crazy immigration, trying to outwit her is sometimes funnier. I'll even go so far to say that id a fun of higurashi. this sequel or same series is even stronger. of its writinghowever dispatch of this if you are a comer I cannot stress from above that reading Da Capo 3 R,or CLANNAD, sense there are more western style. but if you want to give this a go you can just be way this might be frustration. or leading you to a lot of questions.if you are not sere ill even advised to watch the anime of it on kissanime. even the 90% of people including. Who does not like the anime for its inferred nature to the books.Thack You From Wright Micah"
,Recommended,406550,35444453,Posted: 3 October,all,Cakewalking,"To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Umineko. The magic is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of formal logic most of the mysteries will go over a typical reader's head. There's also Beatrice's self-punishing outlook, which is deftly woven into her characterisation- her personal philosophy draws heavily from Dostoevsky literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these mysteries, to realise that they're not just puzzles- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Umineko truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the tragedy in Battler's existential catchphrase ""It's useless, it's all useless"" which itself is a cryptic reference to Goncharov's Russian epic Oblomov. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Ryukishi's genius wit unfolds itself on their monitors. What fools.. how I pity them.And yes, by the way, i DO have a right to bear One-Winged Crest. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand."
