user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197992551560,Not Recommended,406970,32409795,Posted: 14 June,all,Cthulhumon,"I have serious problems with this gameThe puzzles waiver between average to just lazy.  There were spots I thought there was going to be a puzzle and there wasn't, or wasn't much of one, and I just feel dissappointed.The movement controls are really clumsy and it would have been better to just make the game point-and-click, rather than force you to use directional controls in relation to awkward camera angles.The story is kind of intriguing and I am curious to see where they go with it, but this game completely relies on its story. Which would be fine, unfortunately a story entirely told with robot voices does lack the punchy urgency that this sort needs to feel, but I can't think of how they could help with that.The dialogue itself feels odd at times, especially with the limited conversation trees.  Almost feels like some of the conversations are cut off, without a proper conclusion.The dialogue, controls and all this creates a serious drag with the pacing, it takes longer to move from point to point (plot and location-wise) than it takes to solve the puzzles, so it just gets laborious after a while.Worst of all was the driving.  It's a short section and it is kind of hard to actually lose, but it was so annoying and weird.  It doesn't really feel like your actions have any appreciable effect on you success.  I was so glad when they were over and equally happy when another one wasn't put in when he had to 'overload' his engines to get to the next location urgently.What is really sad is I can see some serious love put into this.  So much effort has been put in for the location and character designs and back stories.  I loved the unique look of each robot.  I love some of the social ideas they have.  But they're lost in a game that just isn't that fun to play."
,Not Recommended,406970,25662951,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Andrew,"Not as fun as I hoped for. It's a classic point-and-click adventure, which is nice to see, but lacks a lot of the refinement one may see in others.The movement feels... so... slow. Even with running, it feels about half as fast as I would like. Even characters talking is slow! The subtitles can be read about 70% faster than the spoken lines are delivered, and the spoken parts are NOT skippable. And be careful examine any object, as you can get stuck in a monologue! It hurts me everytime. Pacing: 5/10.The puzzles are unique, and do challenge you to think a bit. Even mundane tasks like flipping a power switch become tedious, lengthy mind games. Not really fun, but challenging for sure. Puzzles: 7/10The graphics are quite amazing. The scenery is beautiful, the environment feels real, and the characters are all unique. The parts where it is raining are a little nauseating, as what I can only assume is water flowing down the camera lens distorts reality. Graphics: 8/10.The story has a decent setup to it. Perhaps given a little more time to develop would have really hooked me, but I was at the very least interested. 7/10.My largest gripe is the main character: R2-Jack-Off. Is he happy, sad, or confused? You’ll never know! His tone is monotonous, which is not surprising for a robot, but it also lacks… personality. It’s hard to understand why a character should make a decision if you can’t tell how he feels about it!This is more disappointing when you realize his face is a screen that can change and move! It shows a battery when he is charging, a question mark when he doesn’t know something, and a diagnostics screen when he turns on! You can show an entire range of emotions with just a few facial changes!Is he gaining new, startling information? Raise an eyebrow! Is he having to make a tough decision? Loading circle! Surprised? Big♥♥♥♥♥exclamation point! The two horizontal lines are the lightbulbs in the empty house of his mind. No one’s home. Character: 3/10Overall, the game isn't bad, but a few more tweaks could make it quite amazing."
,Recommended,406970,27723158,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Novinka,"""The Uncertain: Episode 1 - The Last Quiet Day"" is an episodic adventure game set in a post-apocalyptic world.You are playing as engineer robot, which is very curious about humans and their life. He will be drawn into dangerous mission which have a really deep plot.Graphics are really good, music and sounds are amazing and the story is very addictive.To be honest I just couldn't stop playing. I didn't care how long this episode will take, I just needed to know what will happen next.I can't wait for more episodes and I recommend to buy this game :)"
76561198096238322,Recommended,406970,32786320,Posted: 25 June,all,Miss Locust,"I feel like most of these reviews underrate The Uncertain for what it is. I fell in love with this game and the story after only 5 hours of gameplay and I wish there was more to play already. It's not flawless, but the few mishaps hardly take away from the experience. This will probably be long but just bear with me. *No spoilers of the story but maybe of some of the gameplay.*+ The mechanics aren't as bad as they are made out to be and the character movement isn't much of a problem once you get the hang of it. I also think the speed at which you move is appropriate considering you're a robot and it compliments the movement style and camera angles.- I do wish that you could talk more with the other characters rather than being cut off after only one choice because it felt like you were missing chunks of the story.+ I loved the puzzles. They were easy enough that you could get through them and go on with the story but hard enough to actually take some effort. That being said you don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure them out. I'd rather the puzzles be easy enough to solve on your own rather than so hard that you get frustrated and need to look up a walkthrough.- The little car chase sequence was really unexpected, short, and awkward. Avoiding the obstacles was fun but as there was no way to fight back or really avoid the drone's fire, it seemed almost useless for it to be there.+ The story is so intriging and I love RT's little comments on the human things you find. I took the time to look at everything you could and to listen to what was said and it helped build onto the current reality. All the little details that were put into the game just make it all that more endearing.+ The dialogue was as you would expect, monotone and robot like, which isn't bad at all. For it to be anything else would seem out of character. If anything the little recordings of human voices that you could find were more odd to me.- It's a slow pace game, and you just have to get used to the movements of the character and the type of game it is to appreciate it.+ I played with the graphics on high and it was beautiful, and the story is amazing. However, these aren't the only good things about the game unless you look at it at face value.I bought this game when it was on sale for only $2.99 and it was honestly worth the buy at that price. As this is only one episode, $15 might be a little high so if you want to play I'd recommend waiting for a sale before buying. Other than that, I love this game more than I originally thought I would. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,406970,25642682,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Lemdoran,"Hey !I just finished the game (anyway Episode 1 , witch is the only one when i write this review) , clicking every single item i see (while still missing some achievements, but i'll figure out later) On 2hours 10 minutes. This is for the lenght side as some user asked in the forum.For the quality, i'm really satisfied. I also think 15 bucks may be a little high for this game lengh, but when i think about it, it's 2.10 hour i did in a single playtrue, without even thinking about pausing.The story is really not what i expected (in a totaly good side) and the gameplay is.... well a point & clic basicaly, so it's about how people like it or not. Personaly i don't have problem with it.I just regret the ""fixed camera"" witch is just  3 / 4 camera on each room, who auto adjust while you move. I personaly prefer FPS / TPS views with following camera but eh... design choice that i can totaly accept ^^The characters robots are well voiced, well animated for what it mean for robots.And finaly the indoor is gorgeous, while the outdoor is a little lower in quality but still totaly acceptable (plus i don't think it's the most important) :pEven for 15 bucks, for 2h, i totaly recommand this game if you like the point & clic style :)"
76561198259446899,Recommended,406970,25682280,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,SonOfKyuss69,"Great game, I really enjoyed it. Overall it's a nice little point and click adventure/puzzle/quest game with an interesting story. I can't wait to see more episodes.Pros:- nice intriguing story; the end leaves you wanting more- great atmospheric music- various types of puzzles; mixing it up was def. a good idea- pretty graphics; nice level/area designCons:- too short; finished it in a couple of hours while taking my sweet time- keyboard + mouse controls are a bit weird sometimes- the level with theflying car being chased by droneshas some weird physics/controls;the car looks weird when it moves around, like in a fake car-chase on a movie set;it could have been more realistic"
,Recommended,406970,31522010,Posted: 3 May,all,_aguacate,"disclosure:i really like story-driven adventure games.in terms of gameplay, 'the uncertain' follows closely behind the footsteps of telltale games such as 'the walking dead' series and 'the wolf among us'. for those arguing that telltale games gave you different routes, and that this is fairly linear i will say this:i don't think having the choice between 'npc x' dying or 'npc y' dying in your playthrough makes a great game. i love non-linear roleplaying games as much as the next dork, but to argue a game has no replayability because it's the same story on each playthrough is the same as saying there's no reason to rewatch a movie you enjoyed.i've seen some complaints about the visuals, translation and controls so i want to address those.in my opinion the graphics are fine, not as cel-shaded as games like 'borderlands' or the aforementioned 'the wolf among us', but on that side of cartoon-ish 'realism'. it works with the story just fine. nothing seems out of place. the lighting and the colours are great. it's not breaking any new ground, but i didn't purchase this game expecting cutting edge graphics and photo-realism.i've seen nothing wrong with the translation so far and those who dislike the voices are arguing about subjective tastes. the voice acting isn't as painful as 'mars: war logs', for example. the protagonist's voice reminds me of tao lin, or an unaffected midwestern accent along the lines of a cyborg david foster wallace. in fact, some of the dialogue (both the script and delivery) has made me laugh -an instance of the protagonist being confused as to the function of a swingset, finding it serves no purpose and then assuming it must have been ""art""- and the sound engineering in general is fantastic. there are beautiful echo effects in small spaces which give life to the environments. the soundtrack is quite nice, too.the controls are what you'd expect of a game in this genre - fixed camera angles, simple motion controls and basic interaction from the mouse button.i felt compelled to write this - and recommend this game - because it's what i wanted from telltale. an original, thoughtful and enjoyable story with gameplay that allows that story to be told. as much as i enjoy telltale games, it's nice to have a new environment, universe and characters to explore rather than following the same formula and slapping a 'batman', 'guardians of the galaxy' or 'borderlands' face on it.i picked this game up on sale, but i buy most of my games on sale. i don't like getting into the ""i paid this much money and only got this many hours of content!"" discussion so i won't.as an aside, i've been let down by episodic games before. that's another argument i don't want to rehash. 'd4: dark dreams don't die' was a fantastic game which i loved, but there won't be any more of it.  the developer of 'blues and bullets' has all but disappeared after two episodes - it doesn't mean i didn't enjoy what i got to play. i'm happy to support developers who create things like this, because these are the games i want more of.tl;dr: if you've ever enjoyed a telltale game, wanted an original, creative and well-written story, and enjoy supporting independent developers go ahead and play this game."
,Recommended,406970,25719482,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,JOHNYFIVE,"The first thing I said was. ""This is an INDIE game?????????????????""    Totally on point, everything about it,graphics, puzzle difficulty, immersiveness, but by my avatar you can kinda say I'm a roboticist of sorts ....... Even if you're not a robot enthusiasts these developers are amazing and I hope to see many more games by them.  You've made an avid fan out of this title . GREAT JOB best game I've played in a months!  ( not done yet 3-4 hours into it.) I don't know how people finished it in 2 hours ?     I take my time, listening to every audio clip, exploring every fine detail. Something that is missing from puzzle games I've played in the past was that the objects of interest had no indicators that they were useful objects. Some may claim that is too easy , but for a story line immersive game it doesn't anger you because your mouse didn't touch the right pixel for it to become apparent that it is a useful object."
76561198010743492,Not Recommended,406970,33238064,Posted: 4 July,all,Hypersonicx15,"High-quality game, great graphics, very professional, and quite enjoyable, but way too short. I was surprised when it ended so quickly (a bit over 3 hours). I got it on sale for $3, and for that, it was certainly worth it. It would still be worthwhile up to as mcuh as $9, but otherwise it's just too short for its normal price of $15, and lacks replay value.So despite the ""not recommended"" rating, if you can get it for $5 or less, I'd still give it a try. Just realize that it will only last 3-4 hours..."
,Recommended,406970,29758813,Posted: 7 February,all,EdenStarGazer,"Certainly Worthwhile – Though Certainly ShortAn adventure game with a futuristic Sci-fi theme, that takes the shape of a point & click visual novel, the first episode of The Uncertain provides a story line and drama to keep your attention.Graphics & ArtI experienced no problems with performance or lagging, and the game has only mid-range loading screens. The overall visual quality is quite nice. The artists found enough beautiful nature scenes to counter-balance the “decaying world” look of the old rusty buildings that were part of the story line. I think that is important, because some games, like Deus Ex: Mankind Divided just seem to have such ugly environments almost all the way through the game. Here, you see the contrast.SoundtrackThe music is at times intensely on the edge of your seat mysterious. At other times its haunting and spellbinding. The soundtrack is provided as free dlc, which is definitely a plus for the highish price range for shorter games like this. There is no replayability whatsoever. I missed 3 achievies in one playthrough so had to re-do half the first chapter for those in almost no time. I really took my time too, so I would imagine you could easily finish this game in just 3 hours if you wanted. I don’t know when more episodes will be released, or if they are included in the price. So, all that would need to be taken into consideration with the price. Just saying.NarrativeThe story is where The Uncertain gives you your entertainment. Normally, I like to start with the positives and work my way down in game reviews. But, I really felt the need to be up front about the negatives this time, since I’m still recommending the game. Here is why. The story fills some deep need to exist. It is not only of high quality writing, and in a genre I love, but the story begs to be told. It’s cutting edge interest in the world around us. We all have this love/hate relationship with technology. The story is respectful of both humanity and tech. I won’t spoil the actual story itself, but I really like where it is going. If you want to know more than that, try the game yourself.MechanicsI highly suggest you play this game with both keyboard/mouse controls and a controller. You need the mouse for finding the point and click elements. But, walking and running are much easier in certain tasks with a controller… especially when trying to avoid the turrets. The mechanics of the puzzles are all generally speaking creative and unique, rather than the cookie cutter style of many games. Most of them are in the form of mini-games. Some seemed easy… too easy. One or two were a challenge. But, all seemed fail-proof. I really enjoyed driving the aerocar in the chase scenes, but again… it felt fail-proof, almost scripted.Pros*Excellent writing for a narrative that carries the game*Great work on the art & soundtrack*High quality game production & graphic designCons*Has a large download file (*edited to add this important point thanks to Sir Auron)*Somewhat overpriced for the time in game/ lack of replay value*Scripted elements feel heavy*Not as challenging as it could have beenThe Uncertain has a story that packs a punch, and will keep you entertained for about 3-4 hours. But, you will remember the story line long after. And, that is what really counts in gaming. I recommend you try this short run in robot mechanics to see for yourself."
,Recommended,406970,28429813,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Night Nord,"This is a short game (3h tops) that is more akin to Telltale's interactive stories than adventures (episodic nature included). Though the production quality is a level lower:1. Level boundaries are, in many cases, are not disguised at all. You simply hit an invisible wall without any explanation whatsoever2. ""Puzzles"" are overly simplistic, but tedious - in many cases you will need to go back and forth between locations just because your alter-ago in contrast to ordinary adventure rules will refuse to gather certain items until he knows what they are for (but he does it anyway in other cases). Other than walking around and searching for stuff there is no complexity - you do not even need to match objects in your inventory. Unlike telltale games there is not enough action to compensate that.3. Controls are clusmy and, in many cases, are not well-though or play tested. Who though it would be a nice idea to ride a car through a forest with the camera pointing backwards? Controls are relative to the camera and you cannot control the camera, so it somewhat makes it even worseStory is somewhat poorly written, but still intriguing, but it is way too early to tell, because there is not much of it to judge. But so far the good potential of the story and setting is somewhat underimplemented - performance is lacking, story ""twists"" are predictible, overall chain of events is predictible too. The whole concept of robotic world is rather underdeveloped (I think Primordia and The Fall are much better in exploring various parts of the topic, with Primordia obviously much closer to what they are trying to achieve, while being much more well-though and atmospheric).TL;DR: Good potential, sloppy execution. I would suggest waiting for a few more episodes to come. If the developer will not raise production quality or improve writing, this is not worth it. Only recommending them because there is no ""neutral"" option"
76561198294184361,Recommended,406970,28183176,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cherokeedog,"Good graphics, atmospheric, immersive. It's a relaxing point and click adventure, that'll make you comfortable in your seat for a couple of hours, depending on how much you stop to soak in the scenery. It's not an action game, nor one that aims for the ""game of the year"" title.Glad I got it and lookin' forward to the next episodes."
,Not Recommended,406970,30228473,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr Torgue High-Five Flexington,"This game intrigued me... to begin with anyway.Imagining a world like something out of an Isaac Asimov novel isn't such a leap of logic here. Unfortunately the story and gameplay don't hold up well under scrutiny.While the game has excellent visuals (if a bit bland), my GTX980Ti GPU still (seemed to) struggle with max settings - the game displayed some minor load times, jittery / shaking in some areas with a large field-of-view. But it might just be the game engine.Gameplay revolves around some minor puzzles (honestly, most Hidden Object games have better puzzles... if you want good puzzles and a robot I'd recommend Talos Principle) and it becomes more of a point-and-click experience than anything else, searching for items to use on devices and advance the plot.Exploration is limited. Your walk and run speed is limited. To my surprise, the protagonist can't even jump. Now this is simply absurd. What kind of futuristic robot can't even jump, for pity's sake. I hope I don't sound brutal here, but I've seen toddlers run faster than this robot too.Speaking of speed, the whole game seems a plod-fest. The whole story, the pacing, the protagonist's pithy motorized legs - I haven't even glanced on the plethora of repetitious dialogue - just drags the whole game down. Heaven forbid they release more episodes of this coma-inducing snooze-a-thon.On that dialogue though. If the little note in the top left corner isn't enough to tell you what to do, or the fact that there really isn't anything much to pick up and use in the first place (I'd for sure grab one of the police guns... if I could) and if you haven't turned into a pillar of salt from all the sleep grit in your eyes then you can always have a conversation. About the only thing the protagonist has going for him is he sounds like a robot more than all the other robots - a proper flat, emotionless tone, as we would expect. Too bad he doesn't stop blathering on to himself. There is at least one instance of a character literally repeating itself.Part of the game's blurb is ""make fateful decisions"". To this I say: balls! The story will be identical for everyone that plays it. There are some dialogue options, true, but it's essentially a linear game. Oh, you can choose poorly and get destroyed, or you can not get destroyed. Some choice huh. Makes you wonder if all the awards are legit.That's the truth as I see it. Very restrictive on exploration, tedious chatterboxes, overly simplistic puzzles (even running past defence turrets is a cakewalk), no meaningful choices (as they themselves said there would be), and everything just feels slow, sluggish and drawn out. Maybe deliberately so to make the game episodic? I don't care at any rate, I won't be getting it."
,Recommended,406970,28093556,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,smashouille,"The Uncertain is a puzzle adventure story driven game sets in the future where humanity is gone and only robots remains.PROS:- Original and interesting story- Decent graphics- Great mood and atmosphere- Nice musics and soud design- I played it in one go for 5hCONS:- locked cameras sometimes a bit annoying- control of the main character a bit slow- a bit short, I would have love to play moreCONCLUSION:I totally recommand this game for everybody who likes story driven, adventure, point and click games (although it is not fully point and click as you move with the keyboard).I loved the mood and the story of the game, I can't wait the next episodes :)"
76561197992144783,Recommended,406970,25821482,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Goodinhigh,"Great game, puzzles not that hard, sadly WAY TO SHORT! Yeah I get the fact this is only Episode 1, I cant find any info on #2.I recommend the game however I would wait until they release more unless you want to be left hanging and wanting more!"
76561197996988541,Not Recommended,406970,29259407,Posted: 14 January,all,Pantsless,"I don't understand why this games has so many positive reviews. It's really short for an advendure game. The only reason it took 3 hours is because all the dialog was extra slow and you cant skip any of it. I just couldn't buy into the premise of the story. Without going too spoiler about it, there are a lot of conflicting concepts and notions about this world they created.The movement controls were terrible, often not responding to directions changes unless the character has completely stopped moving.I do like the overall theme of the story, but honestly the scene to scene transitions are a huge stretch and certain aspects seemed like total fillers."
76561198052649264,Not Recommended,406970,33820470,Posted: 26 July,all,duncan.casey,"This is a real shame - it's a beutifully rendered game with lovely artwork and a great atmosphere, but it's entirely linear and the story is pretty low-budget. You have to perform each action in the right order - you can't pick up any useful items until the right moment, even if you can see them - adding a bunch of frustration and taking any potential brainwork out of the exercise. The controls are clunky, which is impressive in a point-and-click, and the script is woeful. I know it's an indie release, but that doesn't excuse a lack of basic proof-reading."
,Recommended,406970,28368308,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Malice,"I LOVE the story. Great soundtrack, great visuals, and AMAZING story. I recommend it if you dont mind cliff hangers, the developers stated that they were going to release Ep.2, but theres no actually release date yet."
76561197970653174,Recommended,406970,33873294,Posted: 28 July,all,tran_fors,"Based on this first episode alone, I'd give it a 6.5/10.It definitely shows promise, but also shows that its developers are still learning their way.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it needs saying.Pros:* Decent (not awesome, but not wince-worthy) voice acting.* Good graphics* Most puzzles make sense.Cons:* Several of its puzzles required doing something, running to another area and doing one thing, running back to the 1st area and doing one more thing, etc, etc, back and forth, to look for the new hotspot, despite it being obvious that it would be needed earlier.* The character sometimes gets stuck walking in a direction, until you *reverse* course or let go of the keys.  (eg: hold D to go right, then after a few seconds tap W to make yourself turn left... only you don't)* Unable to talk about all topics w/ a character - you can only ever pick one topic, then never again.TL;DR: It's good, but not mind-blowing.  If you're on the fence, maybe wait for reviews based on Episode 2."
76561198086246557,Recommended,406970,25829971,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,flyer00jay,"I enjoyed it.Great graphics for the price.Though short, it held my attention throughout.Weird walking at times, but nothing that made the game unplayable.I will be interested in part 2."
76561197984367686,Recommended,406970,25703865,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,🥞,"A good value if you are in the mood for something slow. A slightly different story, jokes relating to other games, and robots. All good stuff for a slow evening when there is nothing to watch. The game has a few annoying bugs and user experience issues but nothing that could not be worked around as a player.Good:* Robots!* A different character/role to play as* Slightly different story* Can play with one hand!Bad (but correctable):* Controls get strange during camera transitions* Subtitles don't match dialog well* None of the long & slow dialog can be skipped* Actions apply to where your mouse is after the animation completed and not where you clicked* Transition from a slow game to action mini games is jarring and not keyboard friendly"
76561198131110489,Recommended,406970,30889041,Posted: 1 April,all,Kokimomo,"Even though the plot is basic, a more complex story has been announced back in January or 2017! So I look forward to see what Comon Games has in store for their player base. I am also noting they stated to have listened to our feedback's on this project and will be including more puzzles and even more story driven episodes. They will be hiring writers as well to make the next episode longer and more complex in its story. How exciting!Onto my review:Sure the controls were sticky and the puzzles were basic; However! They set up a creative world with interesting mechanics, a great story plot, and useful characters that may provide deep backgrounds in the future. This was a point and click adventure that acted as an interactive movie more than a video game. Unfortunately this means that there is no chance for replay-ability and different outcomes. The ending was a bit cliche' but it does make you wonder where the story will be going in the future. I also found the change in perspective very refreshing. Usually in this genre you play a survivor or a lone wolf who is a human. It was nice to see the concept of this world played out in the eyes of a artificial intelligent machine rather than a human.If I was to rate this game I would give it a 4 out of 10 because of its delivery or price. It appeared that the project was rushed, making the ideas and the mechanics very simplified. This left little room to explore any of the characters background stories that would have added depth and more time in the universe. My second issue with this game is the amount of content you get for the price. $15 is a usual price you pay for a movie or an anticipated indie game. Even though this game could be considered an interactive movie in some regards, its not worth the price. In conclusion I am looking forward to the future changes to this episode and episode 2 so I'll keep it around for now.Because Comon Games has stated very bold acclaims about adjusting their content for future episodes I will leave a positive rating for now. However if that changes so does my review. I still recommend avoiding this game unless you believe the price is worth 2 to 3 hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,406970,33247385,Posted: 4 July,all,BluesAdam,"Although I enjoy PnC puzzle games and The Uncertain looks liked a fresh blood to the genre, I could not get myself to like this game. First of all, the decision to add movement with ""WASD"" keys do not work, unfortunately. All it does is add clunkiness to gameplay. It would be better off with the simple ""click-to-move"" method. Most of the time the camera is at an off angle so you can't even move straight.Puzzles weren't satisfactory either. They were so simple that instead of testing your wits, they test your patience. Some are ""pair the couple"" games, some are ""slide the shapes until they match up"" games that simply take long trial and error phases instead of actually working your brain.The gameplay also restricts your approach to the puzzles. For example, some puzzles or challenges are so apparent, you can see them before you even take one step forward. However, although the correct method is out there and easily noticable, you can not do it because the game forces you to try the wrong method first or does not let you try anything at all until you go past a certain point. This is shameful and does not reward actual sharp wit at all.My biggest disappointment was the story and how the developers handled the story. I will try not to give spoilers, so don't worry. Basically, the story could be processed in such a way that could give interesting and intimate analysis and criticize the human mind and humanity in general. However, what we get is the basic, ""oh humanity is so self destructive but also so unique in its own way"" kind of approach. This heavily milked ""nature vs. culture"" clash is getting really old, really quickly.Lately, although it's not important for a point and click type of slow paced games, optimization is horrible. One scene gives you up to 80 frames per second, yet the next can net you a 25 at most. Again, it's not an issue at all but some people are very sensitive when it comes to performance so I wanted to put it out here.I had high expectancy from this game. Looked beautiful and smart, story and the gameplay felt unique but ended up just another generic and poorly executed puzzle game. I could not even get myself to finish it and had started the refund process before I started typing this comment. Buy at your own risk."
,Recommended,406970,33010045,Posted: 29 June,all,Vent Xekart,"I've played my fair share of 2D side-scroller point-and-click games such as Gemini Rue, Primordia, and Resonance but this is the first 3D point-and-click I've actually played and I've found it to be quite enjoyable.I was actually surprised to find out this was made with the Unity Engine because the environment, characters, and objects look like something out of the Unreal 3 Engine but much like Amplitude Studios with Endless Space, the developers of Uncertain have managed to push the limits of the engine and polish the game content so it looks and feels semi-realistic.Storyline wise its pretty much yet another game involving humans going extinct yet robots and AI coming out of the woodwork to build their own society but with a sudden twist near the beginning of the game. There are also audio devices, text files, and notes littered around various parts of the game which gives us peeks of what society was like before the apocalypse. There is also the fact the main character doesn't understand the functions of certain objects and/or concepts such as swing sets, alcohol, and propaganda which adds a bit of realism in regards to sapient/sentient Artificial Intelligence.All in all I think this is actually a good start in an eventual series of games and I'd love to see the future episodes sooner rather than later.8/10One last thing I'd like to note: There are a couple of Easter Eggs and/or References to other video game franchises that might give players a few laughs."
,Recommended,406970,25701814,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DUKEzors,"First, I will address the question most people are considering when reading a review. Is it worth the money at the moment? For me, $15 for 2-3 hours of gameplay is fine. It is comparable to a movie with the benefit of direct interaction. You decide if that is enough game for your money.As someone who has played a lot of point-and-click adventures, I would not put this on the level of old school LucasArts classics like Monkey Island, Full Throttle, The Dig, etc (primarily due to length). However, it is a notable step above anything Pendulo. I was not frustrated with the experience, but I came away from it unsure if I would buy the subsequent chapters.The story is compelling enough. The player is afforded the opportunity to experience the protaganist's struggle with his perception of humanity, technology and education.All characters feel a bit too one dimensional. I would like to see them have a slightly broader range of emotion.The robots come off as singular personality analogues of which each one is only a fragment of a whole character.The environments are varied and visually appealing within the framework of the story.The music is good when it exists. There are many transition moments where the protagonist moves to a new environment, and the game just goes silent. It feels extremely anti-climactic. This makes the game feel more hollow than I believe the developers are trying to convey, and for me, it took away any sense of accomplishment in clearing the area.Movement is a significant downside of the game. The protagonist moves too slowly in larger environments. I suspect this is intended to give the player more time to examine surroundings, but it feels like the game is gradually slowing down.The puzzles that are not fetch-quests are pretty good. I would like to see more actual puzzles and less running back and forth in the upcoming episodes.The dialogue trees and interaction readings are okay, but the pause after every line feels like an eternity. Also, I hated being locked into hearing something because of an accidental button press or forgetting I had previously interacted with an object. As a personal pet peeve, if I play the next chapter and hear the protagonist call something ""useless"", then I will immediately turn off the game and request a refund. If the character thinks it is useless, then why would it stand out as something the character should interact with in the first place? That is so illogical that I wish the game allowed you to kill the main character for the sake of catharsis. I do not think that is how the developers want me to think of the main character.Ultimately, I say Yes to a recommendation for this chapter. I will probably read reviews and developer comments before buying the next chapter though. The Uncertain flirts with some much needed new ideas for this genre, but it needs to be a more immersive experience (music/movement) in the next chapter.EDIT: I nearly forgot about something that is more of a note for the developers. There is an ability to skip ahead to a specific item pickup while in the last environment of the game. I will provide more details if the developers are unaware of this."
,Not Recommended,406970,25707985,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Noa,"Pros:- Really great and interesting story and concept- Graphics is quite good- Price is decentCons:- Movment mechanics is really annoying, would be great to have a fallout like experiance instead of this ""Room POV"" crap.- Walks too darn slow- Way too short, i understand that its an episodic based game, however in any decent episodic game, the finish of each episode is also a closure of some sort of some element in the story. anyhow, WAY TO SHORT, makes you think: are they trying to ""milk"" more money by cutting them episodes this short?- CAN'T SKIP DIALOGS, for instance, in case you've clicked some object and the charcter starts to talk, no way of skipping it!!- one of the most annoying part of this game is the fact that you only have to choose ONE direction in which a discussion with another charcter goes, so for instance, when talking to some other robots, you get a choice of asking X, Y and Z. now, all choices are different questions about different subjects. i would expect to be able to gather ALL information on all subject, once again, fallout style. this con is really hurting the strory and deninding us of very important information to the story!!!!!!!!!!Now, all that's being said, the story is the most important part of any game, and for that reason, i will defenitly purcahse the second episode, however, it would be nice to have some fixes for the mentioned above.NOTE: I only tagged this review as Not recommended to get a change of maybe the developers will read this and take some of the cons into considuration."
,Recommended,406970,25648016,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Leaden,"I don't understand why humans need money and why they spend money on videogames. This is irrational behavior. Most probable suggestion: games is an art and have no useful functionality. Maybe someday I will understand for what purpose humans need art.After deep analysis of this example, I found that it can help humans understand their nature by looking from aside on humankind. Probably to prevent their extinction. Suckers! Robots will always prevail."
,Recommended,406970,26328526,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,fantomchoder,"This is a great game. I'd say it's more of a Telltale-ish narrative story than a point & click since there's a set course that your character must follow during the story. The graphics are incredible - it's hard to imagine better graphics and designs for this game. The story was also interesting and kept a decent pacing. The attention to detail with some of the UI/interfaces which your character interacts with during the story were always enjoyable. I'm on Windows 10 / GTX1080 and it ran perfectly for me without any performance issues or hiccups.The main complaints that I've seen about this game involved the movement and speed of the main character. Personally, the speed wasn't an issue for me at all - in fact for indoor running I found it to be the perfect pace. Also, I rarely found myself ever needing to walk long distances in the game. The only time it bugged me was one brief scene outside but that was only for a few seconds until I realized which direction I needed to go. The movement of the character was a little weird I'll admit since there's a few milliseconds delays in start/stopping to walk/run, which coupled with the changing of camera angles going between rooms, did cause me to bump into things now and then - but after 20min of playing the game, I didn't even notice it anymore. The only thing that annoyed me a bit were the invisible walls that kept you on a relatively straight course in the storyline. There were some areas where I hit an invisible wall even though there was plenty of space for my robot body.Will definitely be buying the next episodes which hopefully are on schedule."
,Recommended,406970,25796884,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,HanteriAnded,"like you know '' its made with Unity ''nd i think its well madei like the story, aswell point and click systemif you have some spare moneyi would recomend you buy this game.3,5h for some under 15€pay and play -   :D"
,Not Recommended,406970,33667423,Posted: 20 July,all,whitegreyblack,"While this game has high production values with nice graphics and effects, I do not think it came together well.The controls never felt right to me - the mouse & kb felt clunky and poor for character movement, while the gamepad felt floaty and way too imprecise when trying to select objects or manipulate puzzles.  I also encountered two places where the game forces you to mash on a button that is the same one that skips dialog, causing you to immediately skip the next line of dialog when the mashing is completed (in one instance you skip the player character saying a line that helps guide you to what you will need to do next).  That's pretty frustrating.The writing is decent (though very predictable) but the voice acting is slow and just not enjoyable to listen to - while I understand that it is an artistic choice, I wish game designers would try something new for robot characters versus just having their voice actors do a deadpan monotone and draw out each and every line of dialog to such a degree that the player just wants to skip though it.The puzzle design is not that great, nor is it all that engaging.  Don't expect to reason out a puzzle and do any clever inventory manipulation - in nearly every case, the character just says what they want to do, and you as the player just carry it out.  There are also several instances where there are items in the world your character will either not interact with, refuses to pick up, or do not even show up in the world as an object you can select or examine, until you discover one thing the game designer set up for you to find.  It's just A to B every single time.There is also a really out-of-place and clunky set of action sequences in the mid-game that just feel half-baked; as well as some not-quite instadeath turret avoidance in the late game.  The controls may trip you up here again - they don't feel good or responsive enough for these sequences.I am very torn as to whether I'll try episode 2.  The regular price being asked for each episode does not feel at all appropriate, so I can only recommend you test these Uncertain waters if you get to do so at a substantial discount.  Even at sale prices, it's not a game I can recommend without all the troubles I've outlined above."
,Not Recommended,406970,25718045,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Keegz,"A rushed cliche' scifi which doesn't know the type of game it wants to be.The Uncertain is a point and click adventure with wonderful aesthetics, huge potential but is extremely shallow under the surface. The underlying story has potential to be really deep but often flounders with little to no context or character progression. Considering this is the first episode I expected a hook, a reason to want the rest of this story but I was left empty, a little confused and barely enticed.GameplayWhile this is mostly a point and click adventure and puzzle game a few times it steps out of this genre and adds things like evasive driving which is completely unnecessary and a quite frustrating.Camera angles and lack of camera controls rival early resident evil games and though the puzzles and fetch quests are simple enough they can be blindingly obvious but require 'future information' to be interacted with.Voice actingCredit given where credit is due, this game does have pretty decent voice acting. The main character however sounds extremely depressed and I was hoping this would tie into the story line some how but so far no.There is one point where a character doesn't have voice lines at all during a conversation which was a little odd and could be a sign of rushed production.There are also quite a few spelling mistakes in the subtitles and at one part the subtitle says the complete opposite of the voice line, considering this is from a Russian developer one can assume there were some errors in translation. (written 27/09/16 | note this may be fixed in an update, check update logs)Final thoughtsAfter playing the entire episode and completing it I am left with the feeling this was rushed. The developers seemed to be more interested in adding meaningless gameplay mechanics than developing the story which is a real shame as it has great potential. I could have happily stunted my game progression had the story unfolded more and given more reason behind the protagonists actions. As a first episode to a series this missed the mark.I did appreciate the near infinite references to other games and movies though."
,Recommended,406970,29033547,Posted: 5 January,all,Cretz,"The game has a very interesting, well-told story.It's also very funny from time to time, I like the dry humour.The puzzles are always different somehow, not monotonous.Only the camera controls are a bit annoying sometimes.I'm looking forward to playing future episodes."
76561198177002086,Recommended,406970,28289122,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Freaty Clalk,"The game starts off well, with immersive atmosphere and coherent storyline. Gameplay is generally decent and satisfying, along with moderate and quite fun puzzles in the way. Despite the last part (the lab) was a bit fraustrating to play through, the whole game is well designed and the soundtrack is great, I am looking forward to getting my hands on the next episode.PS: Hail for Half-Life!! XD"
76561198279496854,Recommended,406970,30781363,Posted: 27 March,all,xaltotun8,"A great and unusual adventure for an evening or two. The environment looks good, the puzzles/tasks are OK, even the graphis looks very good. I only missed the first person view. It is hard to explore the environment with the camera only showing it from some specific angles. Certainly worth its money for me. And the last but not the least: If the developers had more money this could be a great game."
76561198273567993,Recommended,406970,25797692,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hawk,The best about this game it's interesting story. Just because of it it's worth to play.Waiting for 2nd episode.
,Recommended,406970,34242982,Posted: 14 August,all,piupiu,"I liked this game. I got it on summer sale.I need the second episode happening though.The only issue is the character walks too slow. I mean reeeeally slow.  Therefore solving puzzles as: go get this, collect those like becames boring easily.Lovely soundtrack. Would recommend."
,Recommended,406970,26309421,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FrauObernudel,Great start for the series!Pros:Interesting story ideaSmart puzzlesMeaty for a single episodeCons:Some puzzles are annoying
,Recommended,406970,26241233,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,cnut,"10/10 game, fantasic story, music and graphics.I was immediatly sucked into the story and I've still got much more to do!great game deffinetly worth buying! I look forward to Episode Two!( Hands down the BEST soundtrack I have ever heared in a game )"
76561197988783713,Recommended,406970,25680444,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,kelticfury,"What a great story! There were a couple of places with wonky camera angles and not focusing on the new room entered, but that was the only flaws I encountered. Solid game and well worth the small price. Can't wait for the next episode!"
,Not Recommended,406970,26343633,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dantés,"Short and Simple 3D Point & Click Problem Solver, on a BudgetThis is an inoffensive point and click adventure, albeit in a 3D environment rather than 2D. Get item A, take to location B etc. A few quick time-events, some puzzles, and the odd 'arcade' driving sequence thrown in for good measure. They do mesh together quite well, but are sometimes poorly executed.The plot and setting is nothing new. Post-apocalyptic romp where robots have replaced humans as the dominant 'species'. To be fair there's a little more to it than that. It has a film noire vibe, robot factions, some character development and ... spoilers ... and this is only Part One after all.Expect to complete in around 3-5 hours. The puzzles and point and click elements are logical, but with simple and obvious solutions. The arcade events are terrribly easy. These all seem to be there simply to help immerse you in the experience, rather than challenge you. And that's okay. Just don't expect otherwise.The English translation and spoken dialogue is a bit off from time to time. Some words dropped into conversations at an odd point in the sentence, or mispronounced, or words that carry the wrong stress or emphasis etc. Mostly it's fine, but noticable to a native English speaker. This might break the immersion a little.Graphics and animation are okay. At PS4 level. Sound and music is okay. Nothing amazing, but it's appropriate and it fits. And a shed load of Easter Eggs and references to popular culture - if you like that sort of thing.I don't think I'll be buying Part 2. This was enough to keep me engaged for an evening, but no more. So I'm not sure I can recommend on that basis alone, especially given the clunky implementation of the game camera and controls, and the occasionally awkward Russian to English translations.Buy when it's on sale, or spend your £'s watching a Sci-Fi film instead.Note my playtime is as long as it is on my profile as I'd left the game running when I'd gone to sleep and then out to work the next day."
,Recommended,406970,29671709,Posted: 3 February,all,Wraithken,"The english is really hokey, which probably fits with the idea of robots developing their own form of english. Kind of fun, but they break a few Adventure game tropes, for example showing you items but not letting you pick them up until you discover a need for them. This makes it necessary to run back and forth a lot, which frequently isn't very easy to do.I'm looking forward to more episodes though."
,Recommended,406970,32728419,Posted: 24 June,all,Astore,"Quite the story for only a small portion of a game series, which hopefully will be conlcuded soon.The controls are a bit ""fishy"" and some animations and textures are strange but all in all I enjoyed it.Completed in about 2.5 hours after realising once again that I just suck at point&click adventures ..."
76561198032807362,Recommended,406970,31593483,Posted: 6 May,all,•|•Berasedi•|•,"Lets just say it is a Semi-thumbs-up for The Uncertain.It is a nice little game(for a first episode), but has its flaws in some parts.The Idea of this game is good. Its a simple and somehow possible scenario for the future. And you come to the conclusion that a robot with AI and suddenly no purpose will possibly act like the robots in the game.I can understand some of the negative reviews. Maybe its the motionless vioces of the robots, but it feels exactly like playing a robot. Simple is that. There is no emotion and no thrill to the story. But even though it is a average good indie game. Ok, it's not as deep as Telltale Games and some parts feel like a cheap demo, but all in all it is playable.Then there is the mechanics. Maybe it is the Unity engine or missing experience, it always feels like sometings missing or could have been worked out a little better in the game.So it appears that the graphics of the area and surroundings are somehow look like older graphics, but the interior(Computers, furniture etc.) looks very good.Then the controls. You always happen to end up running against a corner or walls, because the sloppy and slow jogging style of your character lets you not steer it as it possibly should be. It just not reacting smoothly and that can be a little disturbing.For one episode nearly 1 1/2hrs playtime are a little too short and there are really no eminent chioces to make. You get ""tubed"" through the whole episode and have completly no chioce then following the given path. If you played ""remeber me"" or older Telltale titles you know what I mean. That sometimes gets a little boring even with only 1-2hrs. of playtime for the episode.Lets just wait for the rest of the game and see how it will work out in the future."
,Recommended,406970,33351183,Posted: 7 July,all,miradu,"Nice story, but short ~2hEasy puzzles, the story is great make you think. Skynet anyone? :)Now I wait for 2nd episode :) need to see what happens next"
,Not Recommended,406970,31885994,Posted: 21 May,all,Fanjita,"I have mixed feelings on this game. The story was intriguing enough that I played it the whole way through and I am interested in seeing what happens in the second episode.However, the writing was not good. Whether it was down to bad localisation or just poor writing, I don't know, but there were a lot of grammatical errors throughout, which just detracted a lot from the game.On to the main problem with this game: the controls. It was a bit slow paced, and to run you have to hold shift the whole time. To make it worse, when the camera changes to a new angle you can't change the direction you are running without stopping completely first. Also when you are moving, it is sometimes hard to interact with items, or the interaction will just not work.My hopes for the next game are the control issues are fixed, and that the story actually turns out to be decent. The poor writing can be overlooked otherwise with a decent enough story.I wouldn't recommend this game, but if the second episode is good then you would obviously want to play this first."
,Recommended,406970,28648959,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Marlling,"This is such an amazing story based game!There's puzzels, but nothing is the same!There's a TON of cool easter eggs!Love to see the the perspective of something new!Damn good soundtrack!Amazing Graphics!Good voice acting!The developers listen to the people!No really hard puzzels, but if you're stuck, the game lends a hand!You get put into first persporn a few times for a moment and helps shake up things!There are little to complaint about this game. Some of the cons are That you are a little slow (Not painfully). You're not able to save on your own, and have to rely on spread out chechpoints. But the biggest thing is that in some dialouge, you are not able to listen to everything they have to say, even if it's only small talk.I definetly recommend this game, I can't wait for Episoide two! it's said to reliese in 2017 Q3 but better to have a good finished game, than a bad rushed game.P.S. (I actully don't mind it's in parts, it builds the tension)"
,Recommended,406970,28328004,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Shadeem,"I am going to need episode 2!A very pretty game with lovely music and character, i rather enjoy the main characters thoughts and facination, even with the robotic tone it still comes across emotive in its own way. Only real criticism is when he is running he seems to be prevented from turning easily like it locks him in place and feels a bit awkward. I noticed some people be critical of how fast he picks up objects but why would he rush or move quickly? Excessive speed for no purpose would cause undue pressure on internal components for a gain in time that is not required.Edit: This product at 80% off is a steal and well worth the investment"
,Recommended,406970,30216559,Posted: 27 February,all,MsWiggly,Very good start to this game! Only part I didn't like is the driving of the aerocar lol but all in all pretty good!
76561198073343336,Not Recommended,406970,31417393,Posted: 28 April,all,Rubberella,I'm totally disappointed. This game has no alternative paths. All you can do is following the path.The controls are crap. Especially flying sucks.The plot is nice and you can toy around with a few objects but it's definitly not worth the full price.
76561198008859725,Recommended,406970,25684996,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,streetpunkstar,"Short, but heck, its $15. Movement is a bit clunky and the characters are a bit slow, but they are robots. Despite, I can't wait for Episode 2. This game reminds me of HL2 alot, the plot and the technology."
,Recommended,406970,25764264,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Insane Lord,I enjoyed playing the game I would recommend the you pick this game up I did a 2 part live stream on the game so if you want to know how what it is like then here is a link (also it will contain spoilers) part 1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgVIEVfaNPkpart 2:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVlc-WoYwVYit is a 3-5 hour game with some puzzles that are good and took me a few minnits to solve
,Recommended,406970,25663892,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Ghost,"This. Was. So.... AWESOME!!!!!!! The controls were the only bad thing. I would recommend using the controller for control input. The trade off is slow pointer speed. It just was such a great playthrough. The story leaves me wanting.Please, devs, if you are working on this game's story, don't pull a Valve and delay for years. I want to see this fully fleshed out. Artists, we need some art for this thing! I'm going to be writing a little theory for what happens after the end events.All in all, it was a great play through. The robots' 98 percent accurate grammar made it better for me. The voices were amazing, perfectly portrayed. What else can I even SAY about this game?Do I recommend it? Oh you bet your boots I do!"
76561198065877443,Recommended,406970,25682881,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,FighterNinety7,This is a game i just discovered and bought cuz i love episodic games with great stories and this one is a pretty interesting story. It can be slow at first cuz the game kinda forces you to look at everything but thats because they really want you to get invested in the atmosphere of the game (which kinda reminds me of Life is Strange) I overall liked the first ep so if you like Life Is Strange and Robots then you can pick up this game :)
,Recommended,406970,25708768,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Yen-ai,"My dad played this game after I bought it, and here's his opinion:  I don't like the controls, really! So weird. The story is stunning（I translated the dialogues for him）, but the controlling system is tedious, it's like a 15 minutes walk but finally took you 2 days to reach the end.Well, I think it's still a good game, but not for a short-tempered person like me."
,Recommended,406970,29263043,Posted: 14 January,all,Boybawang,"I quite liked this. A bit clumsy, the controls and accessible areas - it's easy to bump into things and hard to walk straight. Quite a lot of invisible walls that can be a bit annoying to discern. That said, it's not too difficult to get over all that. The game itself has an interesting story, writing, and fairly good voice acting. Very pretty, too.It's FAIRLY short, and ends on a cliffhanger. I bought it on sale, and it was worth what I paid for it.Perhaps it's possible to tell that this is the developers' first released game, but it's a good first release. If you like robots and P&C-games, you'll probably enjoy this one."
76561198030494965,Recommended,406970,28611801,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Alpha Blue,"The Uncertain: Episode 1 is a very unique game with beautiful level design, great music, interesting plot and immersive story. The amount of gameplay is somewhat short (maybe around 3-4 hours), but well worth the ride and the experience. The game does a great job of putting you in the shoes of the main character and making you really want to delve into this mystery that you're presented with. It really challenges you to think and explore in order to move forward. Most puzzles are pretty simple but are well varied and fairly fun to do. Dialogue options are mainly there to provide some backstory and give you relavent info rather than to affect the story with your choices. You do get some here and there, but for the most part the story feels unchanged regardless of your decisions. Whether these decisions will affect episode 2, I'm not sure. But I wouldn't be disappointed if they didn't. As some of us have seen with Telltale and other similar games, too many choices and variables makes the devs have to kill off characters and blend together plot in order to keep it going. Soundtrack and artbook are included free, so bonus points if you're into that sort of thing.There are a few negative things about this game, but they're all very mild considering. Things like some spelling errors in subtitles, a couple cases of dialogue not entirely matching subtitles, some puzzles that require hearing (not a good thing for the deaf, hard of hearing or those simply without audio) to be able to do with no option to skip that I found, and some cases of slightly bad or oddly spoken english that can either be chalked up to robot-speak or, more likely, lost in translation with the voice actors. The game also has what feels like some poorly written sections of dialogue, some odd camera angles and controls and a lack of action sequences (even the ones it does have feel very calm). However, it seems the developers seem to really care about all the feedback from players and are addressing many of these issues in the next episode, which, while it's still a long ways away, is refreshing to hear.I bought this game on sale but highly recommend it for the unique experience, great visuals and immersive story and interaction."
76561198243895768,Not Recommended,406970,29713175,Posted: 5 February,all,mohpish,Interesting story concept at the beginning but a boring and slow experience after a short time... Graphics not super heavy but still not that easy to run smoothly on low-spec systems... play it if you're a hardcore fan of adventure games and played all the other great titles only and don't have anything else to play... if not there are a dozen of much better titles to play than playing this
,Recommended,406970,30186764,Posted: 25 February,all,One Good Story,"It didnt take too long to finish the game, I'm currently replaying just to get the rest of the achievement :pThe game in my opinion is pretty fun, it is slow though, so don't expect a fast moving character! But I actually enjoyed the game! I was so excited to keep on playing and I can't wait for ep 2 to come out.  Cause I was really into the story and looking around to see what I can interact with! I say, if you dont mind slow pace game, give it a shot! you can buy it on sale when it goes on sale, I got mine during summer sale, pretty worth it to me :3 But yea give it a shot!"
,Recommended,406970,31359959,Posted: 25 April,all,Scarlet_Cinder,"Very interesting story, and I hope there will be more episodes to come. I didn't learn about this game until recently."
,Recommended,406970,25797839,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Oculus Nex,I LOVE THIS GAME!!Do you like telltale games? then you wont regret buying this one.It also has tooonnsss of easter eggs!!!
76561198040766804,Not Recommended,406970,29724603,Posted: 5 February,all,Tenton,"I really wanted to like this game, as the grafyx and storyline are really nice......but, the tasks todo are trivially boring and seem not only useless; yet also a way to make the game last a little longer. The controls are just off and game play is rrrrrrreally slow, even for an adventure game.   Buy another adventure game title and your money will be better spent i rekon.Watch the storyline on youtube and youve basically played it.For art and storyline id give it a 7Gameplay and boringness brings it down to a 4.With all the work put into it, you' d think the developers would make gameplay more intering."
76561198022206579,Recommended,406970,25715849,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,| slay,"Intro:It is an atmospheric dystopian adventure. The graphics and sound are very nice and help to dive into the game, for some reason the colors and the overall setup reminds me of 'BladeRunner'.Pro:The puzzles are not too hard, so not too much useless slendering around. Walking through the world as a robot and commenting on it or about humans leaves a smile here and there. I was also positively surprised about the two little action scenes included. I hope for such variety also for the second part.Con:Being a bit unpatient i don't like that RT(name of the Robot) is pretty slow in walking, even with shift pressed it could be a bit faster. There are also some small glitches when it comes to 'automatic' walking to an item and being behind another item - but those are no real drawbacks to the overall impression of the game.Summary:I would buy it again and looking forward to the second episode. Good job!"
,Recommended,406970,26571963,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,neoadorable,"Excellent adventure with point and click, mild puzzle, and exploration elements starring a goofy and likable intelligent robot. Has a post apocalyptic setting with a twist you might expect, which does not detract from the awesome mood, immersive atmosphere, and overall feel good nature of this episode. Really hope they continue the project. There are even a few short action sequences, it's all really very well balanced and interesting. Plus they managed more references than an encyclopedia, so expect everything from Blade Runner to Dishonored to make smartly-placed appearances. Some instances of awkward language, but that's fine, as the protagonists are robots and the main character makes up for it with sheer charm.8/10"
,Not Recommended,406970,34983713,Posted: 15 September,all,Weirdlooking,"The Uncertain: Most definitely the worst dayI was told this game had an interesting story and it does. You play as RT, a robot, who lives in the woods as an inventor after an apocalyptic event killed all the humans. All robots that had been built by mankind were left behind in a functional state and there were quite a few who had fully developed cognitive functions.All robots, RT included are required by the USS a not so fully explained organization of robots to have a job for the now newly founded robot society or they do not get provided electricity. So RT, a robot who doesn't know what he was built for but walk around and do a pathetic robots version of a human sigh builds small items and solves problems. Ahh a thinker! This game will surely be a myst like right?Not really. For starters you engage in conversations with other characters in the game and their are a few action sequences.The Uncertain: Easy Mini GamesSo i thought this game started with an easy set of tutorial style mine game like puzzles in order to introduce players who are not familiar with this style of puzzle solving an introduction for what they were in for. I was confused when the majority of the games puzzles were comprised on this. Thinking back the hardest puzzle i found was the piano puzzle and that was easily solved when i found the blazingly clear to find hint.Uncertain: of the game i'm playing2/3rds of the way through the game you will suddenly find yourself in a awful driving game through a forest. Soon after dodging trees, you suddenly find yourself being chased with the camera aimed facing the back of your car. I think the devs thought this would aid the player in dodging the bullets being shot at the player's car. Really this just makes it annoying to dodge the trees in front of you.Your forced through this sequence twice with little explanation as to why it is happening other than its old technology and that you're in some real trouble if it happens again since you don't have a weapon. THEN INVENT ONE YOUR DOLT.After these driving sequences the game suddenly changes the way the camera has been working for 90% of the game to follow behind you. You suddenly lose the ability to turn left and right easily as if your character got shot in spin while they were robot vietnam. I thought the game was suddenly trying to limp its way into a 3D adventure game but the running was laughable and there was no jumping. In about 10 minutes i suddenly found myself in the resident evil style camera controls the game was playing with. So not only does this robot not know who he is, the game doesn't seem to know what it is.The Certain: Don't play this gameThis game feels like the developer wanted to make all their favorite games into one game. But they decided to skip the polishing stage before going onto the next style. There is potential from this game. I hope the developer has it all worked out before the next game. The story is a bit compelling."
,Not Recommended,406970,32992115,Posted: 29 June,all,XBL Laberbacke,"The robot voices get grating rather quickly.So, the main character knows about the game of pool, but not about clothing?Lots of different gameplay elements, most of which simply are not fun."
76561198081224114,Recommended,406970,26617969,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,alemismun,- ProsAwsome storyGreat voice actingDecent graphicsDetailed mapsComplex yet not impossible puzzlesDid I say that the story was awsome yet?Awsome eastereggs- ConsHuge imput lagMade in unity1 episode is like 20$Overall rateing (only for episode 1): 8/10Could have been better but it was defeneteley a great experiencie!
76561198037083831,Recommended,406970,26683228,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,tigenzero,"Bottom Line: Buy it for the story and art, know that you will be enduring the gameplay, hope that the next episodes will learn from this episode's mistakes.You are on a quest as a robot who has stumbled upon a mystery the involves all of mechanical kind! With every 'level' you meet new robots, explore what's left of human remnants, and solve puzzles to achieve objectives. There are many different types of gameplay in this episode from fixed camera movement to driving along a fixed path while avoiding obstacles, to a 3rd person 'swivel camera' that allows you explore your environment freely.WARNING: STARTING CRITIQUE RANT -What the game does right is the art, story, and attention to detail. I can tell that the dev team put all eggs into the design and concept basket. The reason I say this is the environment looks expansive, detailed, and movie-like BUT there are invisible walls everywhere.Wanna cross the street? You cantWanna see what's further down the way? nopeFinally, during 'solve puzzle by fetching item' quests you may (or may not) see an item that stands out. However, unlike similar games where you can pick up the item and use later, your character makes a comment about how he doesn't need it right now. Typically this item is on another floor, forcing you to travel distances to reach that particular item ONLY when you need it. This was unnecessary and felt like game completion time buffering.Hopefully the next episode will make less of these mistakes and I look forward to what the story will hold!"
,Not Recommended,406970,29858342,Posted: 11 February,all,unwaveringresolve,"Visually, this game is excellent. But the writing and gameplay  aren't holding my interest.* Most of the puzzles boil down to finding the right thing in the environment to click on. It's usually either too easy or too frustrating, depending on how easily you can find whatever it is you need to trigger progress. This issue is exacerbated by RT's refusal to pick up any item that has no immediate use for.* RT keeps talking about whatever his immediate objective is, as if the player needs a reminder every few minutes. Being told what you already know you need to do repeatedly is tiresome.* Whenever you're in a dialogue, you only get to pick one choice. This can be frustrating when you're in a conversation and you'd like to ask questions about multiple topics, but you only get one before being cut off. This also makes parts of the story feel incomplete, because if you ask the wrong question then you don't get a complete understanding of what is going on.* The robots' assertion that they make decisions based on logic doesn't appear to hold any water. Nothing I've seen from RT or any other robot suggests they are more or less rational than any human.Basically, the game holds you by the hand and leads you through a story that it doesn't convey particularly well. I feel like this game could work better as some kind of visual novel than a point-and-click adventure game."
76561198097678258,Recommended,406970,25719975,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Epicac,"This game runs smoothly, music is relaxing, and is very interesting with minimal gameplay.  Well worth the price."
76561198059589044,Recommended,406970,28411641,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Topi Karvonen,Good humour and plot. Controls and camera somewhat challenged. Very good buy overall.
76561197980471733,Recommended,406970,25803756,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,♆BloodshedforAll♆,Episode 2 pls..
76561198061031533,Recommended,406970,25899646,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Paluan,"Nice Game,Great Work,Original History."
76561197999032280,Recommended,406970,25795967,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Rybo22,"1ST REVIEW EVERUM WHERE TO START IM ALREADY AT THE END OF EPISODE 1 >>>....,PRETTY,SLUGGISHLY SLOW STORY...GRRRRRRRRRR  EVEN 4 THE BEASTIEST OF PCS  COULD HAVE RAN ON WINDOWS 98 LOL ........FELT LIKE I WAS THERE BECOMING EXSTINCT  WITH THE REST OF HUMANITY REMINDS ME OF leisure suit larry WITH OUT THE CHICKS AND A LOT LESS TO DO !!!!!!!!!!!! GOOD JOB BUT I KNOW U CAN DO BETTER MAKERS OF THE GAME MAKE ME PROUD FASTER MOUSE  MOVEMENT PLZ NEXT EP.2 AND HOPE A LONGER PLAYABLE EP IF NOT MIGHT JUST WATCH SOME ONE ELSE PLAY ON YOU TUBE  WHERE U CAN LEARN ABOUT ANYTHING :)OWN OVER 300 TITLES NEVER SAID A WORD TIL NOWMY REVIEW IS UNCERTAIN ;p"
76561197975600187,Recommended,406970,25783448,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,p.k.f.peters,"Very nice game. Played the first episode for almost 5 hours.Things i liked:-Intriguing story-Good quality graphics and atmosphere-PuzzlesThings that can be improved:-Skipping text+speech-Text (subtitles) are not always correct (speech is different at some points)-Only 1 recharge needed during the whole game?-Enhancements for RTOverall very nice game, can't wait for episode 2 :-)"
,Recommended,406970,25680393,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,{FF}*WildFire,I played the demo and was hooked then!!
76561198054593098,Recommended,406970,25896883,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ZachZachAttack,Very InterestingI've finished playing this game. I can't wait to finish this story. It seems like there is a hidden plot and easter eggs inside the game. You'll just have to play to figure it out. Recommend playing with a controller as well do to the mechanics although mouse and keyboard work just fine.
76561197993641269,Not Recommended,406970,26397763,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,orwellianbob,"1: LET PLAYERS SKIP THE MONOTONE ROBOT TALKING....2: Robot runs way too slow.3: To Developers: Play some telltale games and learn about story flow and how to make a game fun instead of tedious...All in all, it seems like ""robot handyman ball torture game"" would be a more accurate a title than ""the uncertain"""
76561198116902625,Recommended,406970,31420104,Posted: 28 April,all,dreadnought,"The Uncertain EP1 has a quite dense and atmospheric world you're playing in. The writing / story is lovely, and I really enjoyed some of the subtle humour. The music is just great and the Artbook is very nice to look at.The character movement and the handling of some objects (like some puzzles, ot consoles/computers in general) could be improved a bit for a better experience I think. For ""my"" best experience I used a gamepad for the movement, and mouse/keyboard for most of the other tasks... I'm not really used to gamepads tho, so this is most likely not a problem for players used to gamepads. In the end, it was nothing that really bugged me.Keep up the good work, I can't wait for EP2! :)"
,Recommended,406970,27962546,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dermatrode,"Addictive story, beautiful looking, nice style & music BUT way way TOO SHORT! Game just finishes the moment you're nicely warmed up and ready to start the adventure.. :-( Wouldn't pay the full price because of its shortness (50% sale is fine). This game was really nice to play but just felt like only a ""Teaser"" or just an ""Introduction"" of what probably (hopefully) will follow in the next Episodes.. Nonetheless positive rating for its look and story so far."
76561198229711960,Recommended,406970,29854594,Posted: 11 February,all,EmilVelo (◕ᨎ◕),Its a great puzzle game i love it i hope they release episode 2 like in a week or a month or some daysI love this game.I wish i could donate 10$ or more to the game!I wish i could contact you guys.
76561197979463483,Recommended,406970,26589248,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[bd]Fireborn,"Decent Adventure game.Little clunky in places, some odd translation choices, and you only get one go at any conversation menu, even if it contains wildly different topics within its choices.  Though that is a decent way to push replayability.Though, for the story, judgement shall have to be withheld until all three parts are out, it is going along well enough through the course of this game.  The obvious twist happens extremely early, which I'm sure anyone watching the trailers can guess, so it is nice that they didn't drag that out.There were some issues I experienced with the game.  A pink filter obscured everything until I turned off a specific video option.  Though, after that I didn't experience any technical issues. Although the fixed cameras and layout of the final area makes it extremely easy to miss the things you need to find to complete it... and there is a  music puzzle at a point.But, overall you can figure out what to do fairly quickly and they make a decent amount of sense."
76561198009640010,Not Recommended,406970,28333099,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ouch,"Although initial premise of this game looked intriguing, the implementation turned out to be pretty bad. Gameplay bugs, narrow puzzles, bad writing and acting - these things constantly prevented me from submerging into the story that is presented here.If you are ok with technical imperfections and overall lack of polish, you might like this game for the world it tries to create. If you want an immersive experience with deep characters and original puzzles, you should look somewhere else."
,Recommended,406970,28242396,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Игорь Калмоча,"Really liked conception and story of game. I recommend it, despite, that sometimes it looks like graduation project :)"
76561198011515841,Recommended,406970,27881334,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LJS67,"I really liked this game.  Yes the movements were a bit clunky, but it was easy enough to get around.  I'm not going to nitpick over that kind of stuff in an indie game.  I like the choices - they weren't change the story choices, but you got to pick what your questions were ti characters and pick the attitude your character was going to take to his situation.  Twas think like a robot day for me.I am going to have to replay because I collected something I thought I could use later and because of my choice I missed the opportunity.  It seems the people doing playthroughs were in a rush because I didn't see anyone that had that item in inventory when it came down to it.  So sad.  The game took me 5 hours to complete the first time because I wasn't rushing and was exploring everything (well that, and I am really bad at music note games and dodging security cameras).I wish the developers would allow us to get a season pass to maybe help get those future episodes here faster.  I will be looking forward to see what is next for RT."
76561197995115883,Recommended,406970,28084122,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,medtheshed,"A post apocalyptic point and click type adventure which is very similar in gameplay to The Descendent (Although the story is quite different).  The puzzles are straightforward with fairly evident solutions.I completed it in one sitting of ~ 3 hours. As many others have said just as you are getting into the game it is over. I bought it in the latest sale for ~£5.50 which feels about right for the duration .... after all what else can you buy for that..... half a pint of lager shandy if you live in the south of England!As an aside watch out for the 'new game' button if you exit to the menu, it is automatically highlighted ... click it and you'll lose all your progress and have to start again ....Overall an enjoyable and relaxing way of spending a couple of hours."
,Not Recommended,406970,33741931,Posted: 23 July,all,Nekotenth,"Do not spend your money on this game.There are plenty of other games that do this much better.For this type of game the narritive is everything.   This game is an example of what not to do.Lifeless voice acting. The game doesn't give you any reason to care about the characters.There's no sense of pacing, no build up of tension. Everything just happens. You really don't care if the main character lives or dies.  Movement is slow and clunky.  The use of technology is odd.  It's like someone's idea of the future from the 1970'sThe puzzles in the game do not complement the story.  Why should turning on the recharge station in the character's home involve a puzzle?  This is the character home.If done well, puzzles should fit the story and reveal something about the world of the game. This feels like someone was just completing a check list of features trying to imitate a much better game."
76561198045612904,Recommended,406970,25652932,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Cuimeanach,Very good story-telling game. You are definetly thrown into an alien scene as you view the world from RT's perspective.
76561198014977343,Recommended,406970,26434931,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Pril,"Awsome details, great story, great humor.I want to play more of it!"
76561198326455643,Not Recommended,406970,31371831,Posted: 26 April,all,enamoratrix,"There's a lot to like about The Uncertain's first episode--the story and world-building are interesting, the graphics are polished, the voice acting is strong, and it has a great atmosphere. Unfortunately, the stylistic elements aren't supported by the actual mechanics of the game. First of all, the interface and controls are awkward and draggy, especially if you insist on high resolution. I agree with a lot of other users on here that the game likely would've benefited from a first-person POV. No matter how immersive the atmosphere is, you can't get lost in a game when you're bogged down by clunky navigation and distracting camera angle switches.Finally, the actual gameplay itself is more focused on puzzles than adventuring or mystery-solving. Which would be fine, except that the puzzles are hilariously easy. At one point, while I was supposed to be maneuvering my little ship evasively, I decided to experiment by not touching the keyboard at all and letting it coast. Guess what? The bad guys still didn't catch me, and I didn't crash. The visual puzzles and logic puzzles (which constitute the majority of the game's challenges) are no better, so easily solvable that you feel like you're missing something, like there must be more to it. I finished this episode in four hours, and even that was a little longer than necessary. I took my sweet time, clicking on just about everything and getting up to grab a snack while I waited for sections to load. Luckily, I got the game on sale for under $5, so it's not like I lost much. Still, it's a shame that an episode that looks and sounds so well-produced falters when it comes to the actual gameplay experience.For a worthwhile follow-up, the devs will have to improve the controls drastically and add in some more challenging puzzles. Barring that, I'm not sure I'd be willing to shell out even the sale price to find out how the (admittedly fun) story ends. I'd probably just go watch Battlestar Galactica instead."
,Not Recommended,406970,28805123,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,「Hatred」,"At the full price I can't really recommend it. The premise is interesting, but I feel like that's the only thing it has going for it.The controls and camera angles are abysmal. That's the main thing that took away from my enjoyment. The puzzles sure as hell aren't fun either, but I can see how some people could like them. The voice acting seemed very strange to me at first, but when you get used to it it's actually pretty cool.The story itself is certainly nothing impressive, at least so far. Episode 1 was pretty short, finished it in under 4 hours. If the next episodes aren't too expensive, I'd gladly give them a spin just because I want to see where the story will go.There are also a lot of easter eggs to other games. It was a nice little addition."
76561198232511616,Recommended,406970,25742669,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nev,"Initially it was not as I expected, however I was quickly drawn into the story and characters. The game plays a little on the slower side which is fine if you enjoy taking your time. Gameplay is point and click which fits well with the atmosphere.The graphics are great and was surprised at the build quality of this indie company however I do think the price is a little high for the amount of content received as well as the fact that you'd have to buy the second episode on top. Some elements of the game where a little shaky such as the camera angles and movement.Overall the story was the main factor that got me interested, otherwise the gameplay is decent but not perfect.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak0WJgcw5JA"
,Recommended,406970,26184227,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Just A Regular Guy,"I've played through the first episode so far, and I must say I'm interested in seeing where it goes from here. Graphically the game is very appealing, I only encountered one glitch involving a chair with a box around it, but it runs smoothly otherwise. The story is interesting enough to get me curious about where future episodes go. The only problem I had with it was that the dialogue was a bit choppy, but since the game was developed by a primarily Russian team, the mistakes are understandable. It had a very relaxing atmosphere, and so far, I like it."
76561197984785481,Not Recommended,406970,33627785,Posted: 18 July,all,[DSDIZZT] Lalle75(GER),"Don't buy this game. It is just extremely short. Mainly it's like a point'n'click adventure. But the movement of the character is very slow and it just takes time to move between the action points. The puzzles are very abvious and easy.And suddenly the game is over.The story is also not very thrilling. Better get the Walking Dead series by Telltale. I won't buy the following episodes (for the case, there will be some one a distant day in the future)."
76561198016732895,Recommended,406970,25875384,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,sarge.cn,"Very promising!Played through episode 1 in about 3 hours. Yes, there are some problems. But the developers are working fast and stay in contact with the players. I watched the game improve in one week.The story is interesting. The gameplay will be familiar to Telltale fans. Loved the visuals and athmosphere.Waiting for more"
,Recommended,406970,27893220,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sergeant Toast,"The gameplay is horrendus, the minigames seem to have no bearing on what they are supposed to be representing, and the graphics are sub-par, however, despite all this, Im 2 hours in and not bored.The story is oddly compelling, and the game itself is littered with little pop culture references or jokes, as well as a rather humourus perspective on humans from a robots point of view, struggling to understand why a table is reserved in an empty bar or why a band exists when a computer can play it better.This game feels like it was made by a human being rather than a faceless corporation and despite how rough the game came out it has a definite charm to it, in fact, I only write this whilst the game is paused, I am now off to continue playing. :)"
76561198077797661,Recommended,406970,35245024,Posted: 27 September,all,Denothous,I was wondering if there will be another.
,Recommended,406970,29317776,Posted: 17 January,all,Outshined,"Although is not a masterpiece, it is an interesting game."
,Not Recommended,406970,31601192,Posted: 7 May,all,Hemmels,"Decent story, poor controls, linear ""interactive novel"", not worth 1/4 the price. I recommend it, but not for more than £3.Check the review by MegaAmpenhttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089402095/recommended/406970/."
76561197973864561,Recommended,406970,26478966,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Laslo,"An unpolished sci-fi jewel.Compelling story, really nice post-apocalyptic sci-fi milieu.I'd recommend getting it if you're okay with a few glitches, mushy controls, varying quality of quest logic, puzzles ranging from unneccesary to semi-original and last but not least a bit too thick of a layer of Valve-puns. :-)Waiting for the next episode!"
76561198067465058,Recommended,406970,26482614,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,bansheexii,"Intriguing story, great visuals but the controls needs to be smooth out. difficulty turning while moving. Also, the dialog needs tweaking because I am left a little confused on the choices I get."
76561198010958823,Recommended,406970,26409933,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,XenixEffect,"Even though the run speed is slow, and the dialogue can be very awkward, I am very much looking forward to more of this game. Because RT is adorable and I need more of him in my life."
,Recommended,406970,26533334,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mickey!,"Exciting World and cant wait for the next episode!, actual game play is predictable but makes up in the story. The car chase secne needs work it felt like a phone game and took away from the rest of the game.4/5 from Mickey!?"
,Recommended,406970,33260722,Posted: 4 July,all,Teufel Penguin,Cool Game so far. I enjoyed the puzzles.  The story is pretty cool.  I thing the monotone voices of the robots add some realism to it.
,Recommended,406970,33245770,Posted: 4 July,all,Tzunny,"I liek the game, but at some time it becomes borrrring so  ic can't finish it in one go, music is same repeating itself liek a brainwashing machine. I will complete it but i wanted to give it a positive review for now and hope that devs will bring future episodes to."
76561198019655996,Not Recommended,406970,34208834,Posted: 13 August,all,てモしモM口HくH口S,"such a good start of the story...and with ongoing playtime the story looses much on quality.missing links, atmosphere getting worse, riddles and challengesare too simple and are not developing...For a game that has its focus on storytelling it lost it's purpose,in the end you just get pushed from one scene to the next oneas within each scene you are assigned to useless tasks too keepyou longer in that scene... still in the end its over after 3 hours,with actual content of 1.5 hours. That's not enough for such a price!!!Hope the devs do better in episode 2..."
,Recommended,406970,25670417,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Drundello,"Quite an enjoyable albeit short (finished it in about 2-3 hours) introduction into the games world. Game looks and sounds very good. Characters are rather nicely voiced both in English and Russian VO, animations are incredibly fluid and good looking. Story is interesting enough to make you want to play the next episode.If one were to to nitpick, he could say, that a few technical glitches, along the lines of freezing and framedrops on the pretty decent pc were present. Constant narration and hand holding were somewhat off putting, even though it might be the purposeful choice of putting you in the shoes of purely logical and analytical robot (still annoyed me a little bit though).In any case, aforementioned cons do not detract nearly enough from games appeal to make you stop playing. Overall, it's a great adventure game, clearly inspired by the works of Telltale games, with a gripping story and great presentation. If you enjoy science fiction genre and like yourself some storydriven interactive experience, than definetly give this game a look."
76561197971776915,Recommended,406970,30883648,Posted: 1 April,all,Daddy24,It was fun but the story gets chopped off becuase its only the first episode. With an independent developer will eps 2 ever appear?
76561197970003118,Not Recommended,406970,28343298,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,NoHands,"The story of the game is nice but it's way to short for the price (played it in effectively an hour or three). The controls are not very good and the feel clumsy. You can't skip the spoken dialog and when you are presented with dialog options most of the time you can only select one or two which gives you the idea that you are missing a big part of the backstory. The puzzles are fun but relatively easy.I would not recommend buying this game, which is to bad because the story is intriguing but there is just to much wrong with it."
,Recommended,406970,26362780,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,lukasmws,"Really great game! It's good to play sometimes something... different.And the most important: see, what humanity is going to..."
,Recommended,406970,32774025,Posted: 25 June,all,Fobos Achasse,"Если вы любите классические квесты, то игра, наверняка, вас не разочарует!"
,Recommended,406970,26436669,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Batuque,"Um jogo que quase passou batido diante de tantos lançamentos.. Por sorte, descobri da existência dele.Apesar das mecânicas serem meio travadinhas e alguns puzzles serem confusos, o jogo tem um plot curioso e com muito potencial, apesar do episódio 1 ser apenas uma grande introdução. Se você curte point and clicks, é um bom game com ótimos gráficos e trilha sonora.(O primeiro episódio tem aproximadamente 2h30, eu não tenho problema com jogos curtos, mas se você tem, é um ponto a se considerar.)"
76561197994827301,Recommended,406970,27585465,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Apterous,interesting story. looking forwards next episode.
76561198048850570,Not Recommended,406970,30395162,Posted: 8 March,all,vanarothiel,"Uninteresting plot, dull gameplay."
,Recommended,406970,26468052,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ProFligates,when does part two come out ?!
,Not Recommended,406970,31675758,Posted: 10 May,all,FrobroX,"I initially played the demo, and thought it had promise, but after playing throught this episode, I can say I will not be playing more.The story is passable, but not that big of a draw. The voice acting, if intentional robotic sounding, quickly became droning.The controls are pretty bad, if you moving at a snails pace at times, and the tank controls with fixed camera angles is a bad combination.I paid $5 last time the game was on sale, and am glad I didn't pay full price for it. Maybe the other episodes will be more redeeming, but on its own, I'd give this game a pass."
,Not Recommended,406970,31496728,Posted: 1 May,all,TheSillyBoy,i can get past the clunky controls and the voices but 3 hours for 15$? I would have so upset if I didn't get it on sale. even then on sale it should have only been 3$. decent story and cheeky EasterEggs but no.
,Not Recommended,406970,31461750,Posted: 30 April,all,F4ceMeltör,"Controls awful.Story / Plot / Characters thin and worthless.Framerate and performance abysmal.Graphics meh.Puzzles / Gameplay pathetic.One upside: The pain will be over after about three hours, because the game does not last any longer.[x] No redeeming value.Do not buy, do not play even if pirated."
,Recommended,406970,34800982,Posted: 7 September,all,[10-4] TallCross,still waiting for episode 2
76561197990979599,Recommended,406970,30105414,Posted: 22 February,all,Thamer,hope more episodes comes out
76561198021399583,Recommended,406970,30209703,Posted: 26 February,all,Sagara,I totally would support this being a mandatory to play and own game.... after episode 2 that is because the ending will give you blue balls of annoyance with the to be continued until episode 2 gets released
,Not Recommended,406970,31327469,Posted: 23 April,all,Ravenize > *,"This game is boring.Robots trying to discover things about humans can lead to some humorous moments, but otherwise it's unsurprising that the story is emotionless and logic-driven.Mechanically, it's a bit below par for an adventure game: the controls are clunky, while walking is slow and imprecise. Some of the puzzles and mini-games are ok, but none are worth slogging through the cumbersome dialogue to get there.This is not the game you're looking for. Move along. Move along."
76561198009350074,Not Recommended,406970,28175911,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,oldtom57,"Really wanted to like this game. Unfortunately I don't.  The biggest problems are very limited controls and a fixed point of view that makes gameplay very frustrating.  You can't look around, and can't turn any any directions except N, S, E, and W. Getting anywhere requires a lot of moving in zigs and zags.  In many places you can't see where you're going.  There is also very limited play areas within the settings.  Plot and characters are not interesting enough to put up with bad game mechanics."
76561198146363751,Not Recommended,406970,31350158,Posted: 24 April,all,ewbrown66,The interface and movement are terrible. Unlike any game I have ever played. Not recommended.
,Recommended,406970,30354190,Posted: 6 March,all,CromAzerBitch,"Игра просто супер,я проник полностью сюжетом!"
76561197967628774,Not Recommended,406970,25697646,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,[MPR]Blaatann,"Buggy, too simplistic, too much exposition, very easy. I loved the part when a character gave me a lot of extra information and then informed me that they couldn't just let me go, since I knew too much. The plot is very see-through, at least for the part of the game I finished (which wasn't much). Done with this, next!"
,Recommended,406970,26564358,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"Epic story, Epic graphics, Epic sounds and music! Epic with Steam CONTROLLER on my Sony 4K screen!so gorgous, i made alot of screenshots in my profile check them out!this game is amazing, gave me goosebumps !please continue devloping this bueitfuly well made storyu game! waiting for EP.2 !!"
,Recommended,406970,34582755,Posted: 29 August,all,b 0 t t i n i,I dont rememebr buying this game . . . . !
76561197985452546,Not Recommended,406970,32556243,Posted: 18 June,all,"Jojongsa, 조종사",Good graphics and user interface but gameplay and puzzles are lame. OK for a 10 YO kid
76561197993234435,Recommended,406970,25642382,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Qtipp,Really good game!
76561198055690373,Recommended,406970,25643874,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,issarevs,Brilliant!
,Not Recommended,406970,32567899,Posted: 19 June,all,Breizh Atao,I tried to give it a second shot.Still taste like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198007770062,Not Recommended,406970,25664075,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,anselmfrotzmoser,"I don't understand the controls! When I mouse-over a point of interest I cannot activate it. What do the blue, red circel, the camera shutter etc. mean?"
,Not Recommended,406970,25643948,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Rogue Monkeys,"the voice ascting is lack luster, the story is bland, controls are clunky, and the puzzles are just terrible. If youre going to make a story driven puzzle game take more inspiration from games like Portal 2, the talos principle, or the turing test. This is just appauling."
76561198095577459,Not Recommended,406970,25682255,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,DocGil,"Made it all of 5 minutes. This game appears to have been born solely from the philosopical standpoint that humans are baaad, M'kay? No other real thought was put into it. Controls are terrible and the storyline is about as entertaining as watching paint dry. The premise, in and of itself, was interesting but the execution is horrible."
,Not Recommended,406970,32380801,Posted: 12 June,all,PancakeMeister,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198052979852,Recommended,406970,30805811,Posted: 28 March,all,Christopher Floreston,"For the very first Point-and-Click game I have ever played, I am absolutely floored by what this game has offered me. The story is nothing like I originally pulled from the images, the characters are as unique as monotone voice can get you, and the animations are as smooth and pretty as the environments.The game is very straightforward, and doesn't leave you wondering what to do if you know how to solve a puzzle. Speaking of puzzles, there are just enough of them to keep your mind from growing bored, while still giving you enough time to freely explore without being dragged into story against your will.Lastly, as a lover of video game soundtracks, I've got to say that the music in this game is stunning. Each track gave a little more depth to the environment while at the same time remaining so quiet that you don't even notice.All in all, THIS IS REALLY GOOD!! I highly recommend this for other point-and-click first timers. It is dreary yet beautiful, while always searching for the ""why""."
,Recommended,406970,28593846,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Djigivara,"Hi,I realy love this game! Robot save humans...Beauty game...and Dev always work on it..."
76561197981374512,Recommended,406970,33212706,Posted: 3 July,all,Kamikazi_Killa,Screw all the haters i thought this game was quite fun. When do the next episodes come out? Was cool how this ended. BRING ON EPISIDE 2 PLEASE
76561198300818455,Recommended,406970,33293852,Posted: 5 July,all,slowsnow,"Played in few hours.First and main issue: mouse and game lags on macbook pro (qadcore i7, 16GB ram, dedicated GPU 2 GB).Besides of that - super short but nice game. Lacks of deepth, but for 1/10 of price it's fair to get 1/10 of game :)@Devs - fix the freakingly slow controls (mouse/keyboard) please - it annoys a lot.6/10 because of controls, othervise it would be 8/10."
,Recommended,406970,33413052,Posted: 9 July,all,izasza,"i really loved this game! sure, the controls could use some improvement and some puzzles didn't seem too logical to me, but the graphics, the dialogues, the story, the places and the aesthetics really got me. the robot is super cute and i loved the way he expressed his thoughts, like, there's some subtle/dry humor to it. so i'll be looking forward to play episode 2 in fall 2017 - yay! :3"
,Recommended,406970,33485998,Posted: 12 July,all,rin,"Very nice atmosphere, nice story. Unfortunately, not a lot of interaction, and where there is interaction, it's often clumsy. Still, I would play Episode 2, or at least watch a Let's Play of it, just for the story and atmosphere."
76561198020990330,Recommended,406970,33577306,Posted: 15 July,all,HANZIE,"Its really fun and awesome... but it's short. I completed it in two hours.Value-wise... I really enjoyed it despite it's shorter length. I waited to pick it up on sale though because it has a shorter play-time. I really like the concept and the developing story and can't wait for more chapters. The graphics, sound, and music are all top-notch, especially for indie.Graphics-wise make sure your rig is beast-mode though if you plan on maxing everything out. Its a bit of a frame hog.I really really want more. I really like the story and setting and it ends just as things really start to pick up and get good."
76561197999703738,Not Recommended,406970,26603700,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Algesia FPS games with joystick,"Got this deal with 90% off. I suppose it is worth 2 euros but not more at the moment. The storyline is predictable and the control of the walking is a bit heavy and has some issues. Wait for other parts to be released and buy with discount only. Not worth more than 5 euros imo.edit: dead game, no updates, do not buy."
,Recommended,406970,32049537,Posted: 29 May,all,Dr. Kansh,"This is definitely my favorite robot game on Steam.I would rank in order of satisfaction*1 - The Uncertain2 - Scrap Garden3 - Bot Colony (updates frequently)4 - Binary Domain (due to software)*As a roboticist, this is my report for suggestion and full analysis.The game might be part 1, but it PACKS A TON. This semi-futuristic dystopian society is ruled by a land of robots.The game uses modern science to justify a possible society in the age of advancing technology.The robotics technology developer, USS Robotics Corp, updates their OS. The new 12.1 updates cause the robots to delete their temporary daily logs automatically. The update also alerts the robot police of illegal objects. However, the player follows the story of a robot who has disabled the updates. While it seems like a miracle that it is a repair robot, he goes on to stumble into the secret society of robots who are unable to receive the updates from USS Tech. These robots also have technological repairing skills, and they have found out that humans are not extinct.Part 1 tells the story of RT and how he discovers a leak in a nearby lab. What is going on? Will RT find out?"
,Recommended,406970,32990116,Posted: 29 June,all,droggelbecher!11,"This game is a beautiful, carefully crafted piece of software I really enjoyed playing. The music is nice and fitting, the english voice actor sounds professional and pleasant to the ear and the translation is high-quality, without severe grammar issues like other indie games often suffer from.I can't complain about the controls - not worse than any other point&click game, same level as Telltale. There are many fun small mini-games like hacking a system or flying an aerocar. The riddles are not too challenging and thus don't interrupt the ""fluency"" and pace of the game, which I liked. The visuals are beautiful and the story itself very interesting, especially if you are into robots.The only thing I didn't like is the limited dialogue - you have several questions to choose from, but you can only pick one and then the dialogue ends. That's not a wise decision because it shortens the overall playtime and takes away story info. It would also have been great to be able to give your robot more of a ""personality"" - during the first conversation you could choose to be calm, aggressive etc., but that option sadly got lost very quickly.The developers (a very small indie team) stated the game isn't abandoned yet and I really, really hope for a second episode. Devs, take your time to ensure high quality, but please don't abandon this gem.TL;DR: Beautiful graphics, nice voice-acting, good translation, fun mini-games, great sound effects and music and a cool story. Sadly, not enough dialogue/choices. The first episode is rather short (3-4 hours) and episode 2 is due yet, but I really think it's worth supporting these indie devs."
76561198256274791,Recommended,406970,31385326,Posted: 26 April,all,MKReliant,"Amazing concept and story. I loved the premise of the game, The design and beauty of this game is something to behold. There are defeinitely better games graphical, but this was done extremely well. I have a few critques, The pacing of the game is a little too slow, The characters need a little more personality to be likeable, It is hard to like someone who doesn't speak or you hear from often. I understand that they are robots but the side characters had more personality was all, I would like to see more from RT. I do enjoy this game, I'm just saying that there are some problems. All that being said, I'm looking forward to Chapter 2."
76561198001039898,Recommended,406970,31462955,Posted: 30 April,all,MichelV,"A lot of fun and great story. Walking around/driving feels sloppy, but for an indie game like this it is worth the price."
,Recommended,406970,31466340,Posted: 30 April,all,CyberCockatiel,"I've had this game in my library for a while, but once I got into it I enjoyed it. Story is interesting and game looks good even on low settings.Maybe the only thing I dislike is the driving, it feels empty and during the sequence noises were not there. But I know it is not the focus of the game to drive everywhere, so I forgive it.Can't wait for rest of the chapters!"
,Recommended,406970,31513282,Posted: 2 May,all,Secretly-An-Android,good game with some good♥♥♥♥♥robos
76561198110066008,Recommended,406970,31618718,Posted: 7 May,all,KingLightan,Controls are a bit effy but this story is so good that it easily overcompensates for it. Pretty good game but i would recommend you buy it when it's on sale and not the full price since it's only for the first episode.
76561198136638477,Recommended,406970,31547434,Posted: 4 May,all,Simetraarty,I want it to continue because I'm already into the story lol
76561197991464613,Recommended,406970,32981758,Posted: 29 June,all,Blue,"A nice throwback to old point-and-click games with a modern flare. The graphics are awesome, the music, the atmoshpere as well. The game might feel a bit clunky, but all in all it's a relaxing experience if you approach it properly!"
,Recommended,406970,33724200,Posted: 22 July,all,Rudy Ravioli,"Great story, good graphic and quite enjoyable. I've never play this kind of game before. It was underrated I finally managed to found this great game.9/10"
76561198027711870,Recommended,406970,34075184,Posted: 6 August,all,penny_girl,"I totally loved this game! Had frame rate issues, but was able to fix a portion of it to make it run ok. Story was great, I cant wait for episode 2 to come out later this year"
76561198114416386,Recommended,406970,34306422,Posted: 17 August,all,sloofdme,"There was something about this game that just made we wanna keep playing.Just a simple P & C game but I tended to really connect with the main character for whatever reason.Apart from the monotone dialogue, which I grew to understand and like anyway.I was actually spewin when I finnished it...Really lookin forward to the next installment for sure.Not a Difficult game but I got envolved nicely in its story and where it was heading..."
76561198035591446,Recommended,406970,34445429,Posted: 23 August,all,Dragon Shades X,"The Uncertain is a really well done sci-fi point and click adventure with an awesome soundtrack, great writing and an interesting plot.  The controls could be a little bit clunky at times (played on PC w/ mouse and keyboard) but I didn't think it detracted from the game at all.  My only real complaint is that a few of the sequences seem to be there just to take up time and don't make sense, specifically the driving slalom course.  Overall I would definitely recommend it and and am looking forward to the next episode(s)."
,Recommended,406970,34412299,Posted: 22 August,all,Ayebruah,Calming and relaxing with a neat story.
