user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,407330,28999361,Posted: 3 January,all,Nexarion,"I originally bought this game as a joke because it was on sale. After playing it for nearly seven hours, I realized this game isn't an H-VN or a decent dungeon crawler, but an abidexterity simulator. Nearly two bottles of off-brand Wal-Mart lotion in, I've become just as proficient with my left hand as I am with my right hand. 10/10 would recommend"
76561197993362089,Recommended,407330,24401246,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Juunro,"Is this a softcore porn game? Yes. Yes it is. But in their quest to make a softcore porn game they managed to actually make a very entertaining little dungeon crawler, 90's style. I found myself having quite alot of fun with it, despite having both hands on the keyboard and mouse the entire time."
76561198142571819,Recommended,407330,32341235,Posted: 11 June,all,w o w uwu,At this point I've stayed up through the night playing this ♥♥♥♥ing anime tiddies gameNot even so I can see anime tiddies anymoreI just want to ♥♥♥♥ing collect everything goddamnit
,Recommended,407330,31070387,Posted: 10 April,all,дурацкая блядь,"Can play the whole game with only one hand and has loads of lewd content :o, 10/10."
76561198308977000,Not Recommended,407330,23377802,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,brotherjohnnybravo,"On October 31, 2013, a dungeon-crawling game known as Demon Master Chris was released. On May 31, 2016, its spiritual successor, Sakura Dungeon, was initially released on Nutaku, the version of which I have played for many hours already. (It’s why I have next to no time played on the Steam version, which I have purchased purely to leave this review. Yes, I care that much.) Now that it’s out on Steam, I can leave a more visible review of it here.I want to love Sakura Dungeon. I really, really, do.I have played and replayed Demon Master Chris for some triple-digit hours.I’ve sunk more than twenty hours into Sakura Dungeon already, on the highest difficulty no less. Unfortunately, I’m finding that the more I play Sakura Dungeon, the more it makes me want to put it down and instead boot up Demon Master Chris once again.Where Sakura Dungeon SucceedsFirstly, let’s not sell Sakura Dungeon short where it inarguably surpasses Demon Master Chris. The artist has noticeably improved in the three years between the games, and the music and SFX are of much higher quality. Frankly, I think the plot might even be a little better; I enjoy the personalities of the main protagonists more.If you simply want to ogle cute and busty anime chicks in compromising situations, then stop reading here and buy Sakura Dungeon. It will be a purchase well worth your money.My problem is that at heart, I’m a tryhard and a grognard who likes to delve deep into the inner mechanics of games. Just what is the game engine like underneath Sakura Dungeon’s new, sleek, and shiny chassis? What got tweaked from DMC that had me finding myself wanting to play the older version instead? In order to make a fair comparison and highlight the minor but important differences, I’ll have to explain DMC’s original system in more depth.Here comes a massive wall of text.Demon Master Chris’s Combat SystemToo long for Steam. Read the wall here:http://pastebin.com/1uCLbU4QSparknotes:VP is health, AP is stamina; You only ever need 1 VP but your current AP represents your ability to dodge; keeping AP high is important to survivalGuard command lets you use AP to temporarily boost dodge in the short term, while Recover command lets you recover AP for later usage but temporarily decreases dodge; Guard/Recover duality means that defensive play has meaningful choice and means that paying attention to the enemy is importantRead your opponent, learn their general rhythm, then try to anticipate it to dodge their attacks and exploit their attempt to RecoverAttacks against low AP characters turn into Critical Hits, which also cause clothing damage; naked characters lose all VP regen and thus can be taken down with easeRandom encounters remain legitimate threats unless you are absolutely positively ridiculously overleveledBosses absolutely must be outwitted and stripped in order to reasonably defeat themSakura Dungeon’s Simplications, Changes to DMC’s SystemStill too long for Steam. Read the longform here:http://pastebin.com/nyTx2yZsMoar sparknotes:Sakura Dungeon replaces Guard/Recover duality with a single, one-dimensional command that simply restores AP with no downside or other effect, thus removing the rock-paper-scissors triangle of Recover->Guard->Attack->Recover for an overly simple continuum of ""be defensive<-->attack more""Dodge gain from high AP reduced, attacks are more accurate in general: now the majority of all attacks hit their targets without having to consider the target's own AP, meaning random encounters become boring and routine extremely quicklyCritical Hits now far less dependent on AP state of target; attacks on low AP targets not guaranteed to crit, while high AP targets can sometimes still be crit anywaysLess predictable nature of Critical Hits mainly serves to surprise and annoy the player, instead of directly rewarding you for playing well or punishing you for making mistakesStripping to eliminate regen mechanic simplified; changes rhythm of boss fights entirely, turns bosses into statchecks rather than actual thinking challenges; devs outright encourage the player to simply grind to prepare for bosses, rather than rethink their strategy or try different approachesCP/Flow system that Sakura Dungeon introduced feels snowbally without adding very much interaction with the opponent; since bosses have been turned into statchecks, CP/Flow system only serves to reinforce the mindless, boring ""strategy"" of ""grind until you can beat the boss lol""Where DMC plays like a fighting game with thinking forward and counterplay, Sakura Dungeon plays like a SNES-era Final Fantasy title where you just attack through random encounters and bosses alike repeatedly to eventually take them down at lengthHoly tl;dr BatmanIf you enjoy anime girls having their clothes ripped off in not-so-honorable RPG combat, go ahead and buy Sakura Dungeon.I will honestly praise the art, music, and overall aesthetic polish that are all a step above what’s in Demon Master Chris. For all that I’ve vomited about how the internal mechanics are RUINED FOREVER(tm), the game plays out as a respectable turn-based RPG in its own right; I have not yet encountered any major bugs or obviously unintended game imbalances or exploits. I will also continue playing Sakura Dungeon to its completion, exploring the CP system a bit more, as well as replaying it on a lower difficulty; my views on the game may change and if they do I will revisit this review.But as far as I can tell right now,if you prefer a better-oiled, more strategic and thought-provoking RPG underneath the exposed skin, skip out on this watered-down successor and play the original DMC instead.(Note: Demon Master Chris isn’t on Steam, for obvious reasons. Google it yourself. You’re an adult on the internet, you should know how. At least I hope you’re an adult.)"
,Recommended,407330,23368278,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ahn 💕,Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?
,Recommended,407330,31024414,Posted: 8 April,all,ԼƠƦƊ ƊƦƛƘƠƦ~死神,"For all you lazy guys here is a Pro Con list:ProsNice Pictures/WallpapersDecent length/plenty of Fap material if you are into thatThought out level designs, but they lack reoccurring traitsPlenty of different Pokémon, Cough* I mean girls to captureDid I mention you can capture and enslave sexy girls!ConsYou have to add the 18 patch yourself (Not Devs Fault)No voice actingStory is meh at best, but that’s alright since the focus is Lovely Screenshots you will takeRatingRating compared to other Winged Cloud games: 8.7Rating: 7.0 Above AverageVerdict: Is it worth $20…only if you are really desperate. Pick it up on a sale.Get the Uncensored patch here.Link:https://denpasoft.com/patch0x.rpaDrop the file patch0x.rpa in the ""game"" folder inside the Sakura Dungeon directory.The Review~ Sakura Dungeon(Warning contains Swearing, spoilers and hilarity)It seems to me every time I play one of these games the main character always has some kind of mental problem or been in a comma for some unexplained ♥♥♥♥ing reason. However, you know your off to a good start when the gamer creators add that obligatory reference to modern events in their games. In this case ♥♥♥♥ing Isis; not only that, but apparently their ruled by a Queen, who knew?In this game you play as the Character Yomi, who is a Kitsune (A fox human hybrid for all you ♥♥♥♥♥ who don't know) that has been asleep for hundreds of years inside a magical crystal.The main goal of the game seems to be to reclaim your position as the Dungeon Lord over the local dungeon, but in a game created to appeal to males that is not the real plot.And how does one appeal to the bloated♥♥♥♥♥♥demographic; simple by having a game in where you catch scantily clad females and control them; this is the main plot to capture them all for your sadistic pleasure, you♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its sheer amazing that the main protagonist isn’t a male otherwise this would be a porn faster than you can say ♥♥♥♥. In any case I am sure that researching the level designs on google will turn up some porn for it anyways. Not as much as Overwatch at least.Too the game’s credit the rpg elements are not entirely half bad and it was amusing to send bunny girls scurrying away after I blew their clothes off as the ultimate form of defeat and humiliation.The dialogue seemed bland and uninteresting, and I found myself staring at my wall counting the vomit induced splotch marks from the motion sickness that seized me every time I switched between the 2d combat and the first person dungeon crawling. However, this could been because all the blood to my brain was being diverted back and forth.The greatest part of the game is obviously the glorious pictures that millions will fap too. However, the developers Winged Cloud studios has taken it even farther in this game by adding a description along with the scenes that would make any weak willie pleased. The developers know that the targeted demographic has such a short attention span that they loaded tons of R rated material to keep any player happy for days. The biggest problem with this is that you have to ♥♥♥♥ing patch the ♥♥♥♥ing game to get that material. In conclusion Sakura Dungeon is an entertaining game to say the least and I found it enjoyable only after I put 2 hours into it. Now if you will excuse I’ve got to go wash the stains out of my new shorts…"
76561198048738995,Recommended,407330,24653303,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,I Shot My Team,"It's like Pokemon. But boobs,"
76561198108338174,Recommended,407330,33349065,Posted: 7 July,all,Tlahuixcalpantecuhtli,"Sakura Dungeon is an RPG where you use cute gay under-dressed anime girls to fight other cute gay under-dressed anime girls, clothes being shredded in the process. You should know if this is your type of game from this premise alone, but I'll try to help if you're undecided.Is this game worth $19.99? Probably not. Animation is essentially non-existent, with only a few unimpressive effects for attacks, and dungeon crawling being a first person affair reminiscent of 80's RPGs. There's no voice acting work whatsoever either. However the character art is all solid, the background art that isn't the lame dungeon design looks generally gorgeous, and while the soundtrack isn't the most expansive I enjoyed all of the tracks, music ranging from relaxing to whimsical to being legitimately ominous. And of course there are many, many lewd CGs you'll come across that are pretty sexy. Still I'd try to wait for this game being on sale before picking it up.The RPG combat itself is uninvolved, a turn-based menu selection affair with a focus on action point management. Only a handful of moves offer anything besides ""deal w damage to x targets using y type of damage at z chance to hit."" It's not the most exciting thing in the world, but it's functional, and that was good enough for me. Critical hits will sometimes cause characters clothes to be damaged, revealing even more skin (which is the only sign of injury people sustain in this setting, amusingly enough), but it's not very relevant on a gameplay level. It doesn't require ludicrous amounts of grinding to level your characters decently, since exploring dungeon floors thoroughly will level your characters enough all on its own. The dungeon crawling itself is bare bones but passable as well, with each floor usually having some kind of gimmick to keep you interested, ranging from invisible walls to finding keys to pitfalls, standard fare.However the most disappointing aspect of the game is the 'capture' mechanic, which is billed as one of the most important features. It's very Pokemon-esque, where you're trying to lower opponent's health totals before capturing them (by the way I'm really glad this is an all-female game because a dude capturing random women would make me feel more uncomfortable, no matter how polite he was). But unlike in Pokemon you can't really pick favorite 'monsters' to optimize and level up. The unique characters you recruit over the game are flat out better than the capturable monsters, and unlike a typical RPG you can't change the movesets or abilities of your monsters to a significant degree, only being able to use  scrolls, very limited one-shot items that are the equivalent of TMs from Pokemon, to teach generic moves that aren't much better than what your monster starts with. You can also improve stats using seeds, but they're also hard to come by, and ludicrously expensive to buy from the item store, so you'll end up only significantly boosting the stats of a few characters.This sucks because there are many, many cute monster girls, something like over 50 of them, that you'll run into while dungeon crawling. They have cute, boobtastic designs and they'll have amusing unique quips to say whenever they're part of your dungeon-delving party. But it's extremely hard to justify keeping them in your party for more than a few floors, since they'll become obsolete way too damn quickly. Leveling any character in your party will not improve their base states or naturally let them gain new moves, while new monster your see deeper in the dungeon will have higher base stats and somewhat better moves, and the unique characters you pick up will have the best stats and moves of all. And bizarrely there's no achievement for collecting monsters, so there's no incentive at all to ""catch 'em all.""But despite the mediocre gameplay and the failure of the capture mechanic, what makes me able to recommend the game is the lewdness (of course), the characters, and the writing, surprisingly enough. It's aware of its trappings as a generic fantasy setting and goes to minor lengths to explain the functioning of the setting, explaining why the main character had a dungeon in the first place, where magic comes from, how teleporters work, a little of the mythology of the setting, just minor lines here and there that do a lot to help sell the game as believable to me (even if they never, ever say why everyone is a semi-naked anime girl). Plus, despite the capture theme of the game it does a good job of avoiding feeling too rapey, always feeling bubbly and upbeat during its many kinky moments. The story itself is not very interesting, but I don't feel like that's all that important. Decent characterization is far more valuable in a game like this.The main character, an ancient fox spirit named Yomi, is a pleasant, seductive, yet protective individual. She lives in a setting where literally every character and monster is a sexy, lewd girl, with almost all of them being friendly, and her characterization makes perfect sense considering that fact. True, she spends the whole game banging anyone who's eager and willing, but she also always tries to convince monsters to help her cause,  and is always fiercely protective of her underlings, to the point where it's almost her catchphrase. She says she loves every one of her subjects, and I can believe it. So basically if you have a MILF fetish you'll love her.The other main character is named Ceri, an adventuring knight who is Yomi's first recruit. She's Yomi's plaything in the course of the game, being subject to relentless teasing and being compelled to wear ridiculous costumes like bikinis and lingerie into battle. But what's interesting about her is that she's a human, a middling adventurer who as the game progresses becomes more and more powerful and starts questioning what a person should do when they're capable of  eventually defeating gods. I was not expecting a porn game to ask what it means to be human, and while this game isn't very philosophical, the fact that it's brought up at all is impressive. Plus her and Yomi's growing relationship in the course of the game is honestly adorable to see.Overall I can recommend Sakura Dungeon. The gameplay sucks a bit, but if you don't mind that in favor of lewd girls doing lewd things then snag this game. Absolutely download theuncensor patch. If you're playing a lewd game and missing out on lewd, what's the point? Also think about checking out theAbyssal Makeover Mod. I've never played it, but it looks like it fixes a lot of my core complaints about the game, and I suspect I would have had a much better time playing through it if I had it installed."
,Not Recommended,407330,23420794,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,omnimatt87,"I cannot believe they are trying to sell this for $20 dollars. There was no work put into this game. There are no animations, there are no voices. The combat is so incredibly dull. All you do is click on a strong attack, weak attack or guard. It is so painfully dull. It is so dull that they even put a system where you can fastforward through the battles! What else is there besides fastforwardable battles? Oh yeah, fastforwardable text! The artwork is decent enough. It's not that high quality though. I didn't personally enjoy it. $20.00? I mean, hey. If people will buy it and like it. I guess that's demand and supply but I found this title incredibly lackluster. This title is worth 5$ to maybe $10 at the very most. If a title is going to be sold for $20 dollars there needs to be more work put into it. I mean I could have sat down and created a game via RPGMaker that had 10 times more content than this game in a very short period of time by myself."
,Recommended,407330,30501975,Posted: 13 March,all,grape up bitch,"when you're going through your budget to determine if you can afford to buy this game or not, don't forget to factor in an extra $2.50 or so for the tissues."
,Recommended,407330,32216314,Posted: 6 June,all,Chito2500,I will admit that this is a pretty long game. Decent gameplay but boss fights are challenging. I would call this a grinder's paradise and there are some levels in the game that requires you to make some decisions. Love the various skills and design.
76561198042997868,Recommended,407330,23828104,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dentolux,"Review originally post atwww.theotakujudge.comI have always wondered why adult games aren’t readily available to buy off the PSN Store or Steam. Sony’s console has age restriction features to prevent minors from playing mature titles and on the PC front you need a credit card to purchase software from Steam, which kiddies shouldn’t have access to. Deviants seeking smut have however been catered to in recent years. Developers are starting to sell all age versions of their products on Valve’s marketplace that can be uncensored through the wonders of patching. Thanks to this compromise under eighteens can safely enjoy Sakura Dungeon’s RPG gameplay whilst perverts get to ogle all the boobs they could ever desire by simply downloading a small patch.OVERVIEWSakura Dungeon commences with a bashful adventurer named Ceri setting off on a quest to purge some catacombs of the monsters residing within its tunnels. Things don’t go well however when she awakens the dungeon’s former owner – a fox spirit named Yomi. After a brief tussle Yomi overpowers the knight, who interrupted her hibernation, before using sorcery to make Ceri her unwilling minion. With a new servant under her command, Yomi decides the time has come to venture underground and reclaim the lair she once ruled. Over the course of their travels Yomi and Ceri can bolster their ranks by recruiting defeated enemies to their cause. The well-endowed creatures guarding the dungeon won’t surrender willingly though, so violence (and garment stripping) may be required to humiliate the hostile monsters into submission.Via the use of the capture command players can recruit an assortment of bunny girls, busty witches and anthropomorphic pandas to their group. By the time I finished the main campaign my party contained over forty voluptuous beauties, putting Tenchi Muyo’s harem well and truly to shame. In order to successfully capture a gal their health bar needs to be depleted first, which is accomplished by smacking them with special moves and magic spells. Every attack drains a character’s action points and has a chance of causing your target to suffer a wardrobe malfunction. With the adult patch enabled (which I only activated for the purposes of writing an accurate review) it’s possible to tear a cat girl’s attire so badly that her “♥♥♥♥♥” will be exposed in more ways than one.VERDICTAnyone who has previously enjoyed Demon Master Chris should give Sakura Dungeon a download, as both games share many similarities. Providing that you aren’t prudish, Sakura Dungeon is a good title for players trying out a dungeon crawler for the first time because, when compared to other examples in the genre, its difficulty isn’t too taxing. That’s not to say that the game is devoid of strategy though. Clearing each maze will require that you manipulate switches, circumvent traps, exploit the elemental weaknesses of enemies and shrewdly manage your team’s action points. There are tough decisions to be made too; such as picking what embarrassing outfit Ceri should wear. Will you opt for the bikini, maid uniform or bondage suit?My rating for Sakura Dungeon is a four out of five. It’s probably the best game Winged Cloud has ever developed, as the increased interactivity masks the mediocre writing found in their wordier visual novels. Although funny at times Sakura Dungeon’s script could be better, but it matters not as the onus is on exploring labyrinths, levelling up your characters and admiring the top-heavy character designs. My save file indicates that the story took me sixteen hours to complete, which compares favourably with the franchise’s other titles. The game’s duration is long enough to justify the current retail asking price and short enough that you shouldn’t strain your wrist too badly (if you know what I mean.)"
,Not Recommended,407330,23390585,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Revii Lagoon,"I'm a fan of similar games such as Legends of Grimrock, Elminage Gothic, and Wizardy 8, but I simply could not enjoy this game. The setting was a typical JRPG setting, the characters were interesting enough, and the music was fantastic. However my biggest complaint is the lack of depth and character building. My favorite part of dungeon crawlers is the character building, building an effective party, and equiping them properly. Sakura Dungeon lacks all of this type of depth I have come to expect from dungeon crawlers. All you have is 6 abilities per character (Half of which are chosen by default), and some basic stats. No gear, and hardly any stat or ability progression. I wanted to like Sakura Dungeon, but I simply couldn't, it lacked some basic elements which make the Dungeon Crawler genre so much fun."
,Recommended,407330,28705933,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NO1RE,I've spent 7 hours playing and another 7 hours masturbating.
,Recommended,407330,24055513,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,「Aikon」,Boobs.
76561198202260896,Recommended,407330,23447018,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,xXx420MadokaxXx,with the uncensored patch the game is greatjust dont play this game in publicuncensored patch or notplay it on you own time
,Recommended,407330,24376135,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ranko Kanzaki,"(DISCLAIMER: I am friends with one of the people working for Sekai Project. The game was paid from my own money, though.)Sakura Dungeon is, as of this writing, the newest installment in Winged Cloud's Sakura series, and contrary to the usual Visual Novel formula, this one is a dungeon crawling RPG. Being a Sakura game, you know what you can expect in regards to artstyle and character design: Lots of buxom girls with skimpy clothing.The story features a foxgirl named Yomi who has been sealed for centuries in a dungeon when Ceri, a knight girl, wakes her up. Despite the fact that the foxgirl has just woken up from her slumber and is still very powerless, Ceri promptly gets the stuffing beaten out of her and is forced into Yomi's servitude. Together, they delve deeper into the dungeon, which used to belong to Yomi, in order to reclaim it from its new owner. What awaits them is an adventure full of gorgeous girls, clothing damage and lots and lots of yuri (Seriously, Yomi is a lesbian womanizer extraordinaire! She ends up getting it on with a lot of girls during her adventure). It's no Final Fantasy plot, but it does the job of framing the reason to delve into the dungeon reasonably well.The gameplay is in many ways a spiritual successor to Demon Master Chris, an erotic dungeon crawling RPG that was released on Mangagamer some years ago: You explore the dungeon in first person, finding monstergirls that will fight you. During battle, you have to keep an eye on your Action Points(AP), which are what you spend to use your attacks, and also represent how well you can dodge enemy attacks: The more you have, the better you can dodge, but stronger attacks consume more AP, so there's some tactics to combat.Also, as you fight and dish and take damage, both sides will end up losing clothes, up to ending completely naked and with everything showing off if you play the game uncensored. When the monstergirls are in this state, you can cast a capture spell to force them to join your party. There are lots of different characters with varying stats and attacks, including bosses that can't be recruited normally, but will join you if do sidequests for them, which in theory adds a lot of variety. In practice, though, their designs are very samey and, barring some exceptions, most monstergirls end up being replaced by the ones that are recruited deeper in the dungeon.Something that wasn't in Demon Master Chris, however, was Concentration Points (CP). These are earned through various different ways, but usually it involves hitting the enemy and not getting hit yourself. Some attacks consume CP when you use them. Additionally, when 10 CP are accumulated, the character enters Flow state, which ups their stats by a lot and allows them to use special attacks that are very strong, but immediately end flow state. Early on in the game, you won't be able to reach Flow fast enough before the fight ends, but as you delve deeper into the dungeon, Flow state becomes very important for your group's survival.Speaking of dungeon, there are exactly 30 levels in the game, 27 belonging to the main story dungeon and 3 belonging to a bonus dungeon unlocked after you complete the game and fulfill certain conditions. There's also some secrets and additional stuff to do outside of the dungeon that adds to the game's longevity, but when you're done with all that, there's really no reason to replay the game other than trying a higher difficulty level and unlocking the achievements earned for clearing the game in those difficulties. All in all, I would say it will take between 20 and 30 hours to do everything you can do in the game. I ended up gathering almost 40, but that's mostly because I ended up taking my sweet time overgrinding and making sure my party members were in top shape for all boss battles.With all said and done, I had a lot of fun with this game. Most dungeon crawler games on Steam are mediocre or downright terribad, so this one, with it's gameplay, length and content, manages to stand up as a gold nugget, or at least silver, in a big vein of pyrite. Off the top of my head, the Legend of Grimrock series and Stranger in Sword City are among the few games that are better than this one. So, in summary, if you like dungeon crawler games, buxom girls with suggestive clothing and yuri with lots of skinship and love making, you should buy this game and give it a try. It will entertain you while it lasts."
,Recommended,407330,25093752,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Dexter Del Rey,My father caught me playing this game and he beat me for 1 and a half hours10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,407330,23399988,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MonsterTM,"Been playing for a good 6 hours, and all i could say is that im quite impressed. If all sakura games were actual games like this , not specificly a dungeon crawling game, but just any other type of game. The action is pree legit, and and character models are the same ""type"" as previous sakura games. Only complain i have so far is that during combat, the options like escape,  use items, switch party members are not on the main screen, and there is no button to change from combat action to secondary actions like most rpg games does, instead you gotta go in ESC and do it, just very odd.  You can go around capturing various girls, who can help you for your combat, do not worry if you cant play them all, since they all gain experience and level up just the same as your front 3 characters. No weapons, no armors, just weapons and skins, so it isnt complicated.Out of all the sakura games, this is one that you should buy.Giving it a 8/10eNjoY =^-^="
76561197982913646,Recommended,407330,23379978,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,"var Tan = require(""awesome"")","Someone got this amazing idea:1. Let's make a Wizardry/Eye of the Beholder dungeon crawler...2. ...use Pokemon-style capture mechanics...3. ...and reward the player with boobs!Surprisingly it works. Plus, boobs."
,Recommended,407330,28554076,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Murdacon,This is a hentai version of pokemon
,Recommended,407330,25613730,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"A good combination if you like Sakura VNs and dungeon crawler games. The story is a bit meh in my opinion and the gameplay gets repetitive. But if you like fanservice + hours of killing enemies, you’ll surely enjoy this title, even tho I think it’s a bit expensive. Also, the OST comes together with the game, so I guess that’s a good thing. The art style is also really good, there’s plenty of CGs and lots of unique characters.7/10, get it on a sale if possible."
,Recommended,407330,28498523,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Psychii,"Compared to the titles Winged Cloud usually makes, this one has a""game aspect""to it.Sakura Dungeon is a half visual novel and half simple dungeon crawler game.Story Aspect:If you have played any Sakura title before, it's the usual VN style.Gameplay:You are going to end up staring at a mini map for the majority of the game. Some grinding is required to go against bosses, especially if you plan on playing it at the hardest setting (Abyssal difficulty). You can upgrade your characters' stats and give them new attacks.When you play, there are two gauges for characters which are represented by VP (Health) and AP (""Energy""). AP will be the important part of the game because it will let you dodge attacks and use high power attacks on enemies. In addition, it's a good idea to try to explore a whole floor of a dungeon. You can find extra items, clothing, and hidden events which can give you items or extra party members.If you don't really feel like playing the game, the game also has an Auto Battle feature which just plays the game for you. You still have to move around manually.DialogueIf you expect a professionally well written story, you will be disappointed. An interesting aspect of the game's dialogue is that as you travel through dungeons and events occur, each party member has unique dialogue to add on to a certain situation. Other than that, the story is told from Yomi's point of view.Sound:Probably the strongest part of the game for me at least. A lot of the background music or the battle music is decent and it's fitting for a simple game like this. There is no spoken dialogue in the game.H-scenes:When you aren't dungeon crawling, you can also ""Walk around town"", which is just a chance to read a quick Ecchi style story. (It's the fanservice part of the game). If you want to see these scenes uncensored, you will need the R-18 patch.Link:denpasoft.com/patch0x.rpaShould you get it?:I'd have to say not really, unless you like the usual content Winged Cloud produces. If you like the style greeze18 usually draws and you want a very basic dungeon crawling game, go for it. I'd say wait for a sale, but even then, the game doesn't get much of a discount (lowest I've seen was $17)."
,Recommended,407330,23427151,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,FFXIV has taken over my life,typing this with my left hand
76561198027416439,Not Recommended,407330,25505924,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,shadowwolftjc,"Reviewer's Foreword: Despite my negative recommendation, this review is actually meant to be mixed. In fact, I'd actually recommend this game (It's one of my favorites), but ONLY with some mods installed to really make it shine.--------------------------When I 1st heard of Sakura Dungeon from one of the people that I subscribed to on YouTube (specificallyGullOfDoom, my interest was piqued, so I checked out other YouTubers' playthroughs of the game (including LudaAaGames, TheLPBandit, Lost Pause, TheTwitGamer, and Negark to name a few). From my 1st impressions of the game from other YouTube LPers, I found that the battle system of Sakura Dungeon (and its spiritual predecessor, Demon Master Chris), despite how shallow it was, was innovative, and a more tactical alternative to the kinds of rpg battle systems that you'd find in games like Final Fantasy or Pokemon. Although I was never interested in visual novel games in general, I eventually decided to purchase Sakura Dungeon for myself. Little did I realize is that the game was so moddable that you could, say, flesh out the battle system to really make it shine, which was what I did when I made myAbyssal Makeover mod, or add more dialogue to characters like in myAdditional Dialogue mod.Story:As far as stories are concerned, I've seen far more interesting and engaging stories. In Sakura Dungeon, you play as Yomi, an ancient fox spirit that was once the ruler of the dungeon that you're trying to reclaim, but was sealed away for an unknown purpose. However, thanks to the unwitting actions of an unwitting adventuring knight named Ceri, whom you capture and bind to your service after she tries in vain to slay you, you are freed from your imprisonment, and are determined to reclaim your dungeon from its new dungeon lord, whom, according to dialogue from the many monster girls that you encounter, fight, and/or capture, has been treating the dungeon's inhabitants far more poorly than Yomi has. Without spoiling much, it's revealed that, in Yomi's absence, a massive power source has been moved to the bottom of the dungeon, and it's up to Yomi, Ceri, and the numerous characters that help them on their adventure, to save the world. Sadly, there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of plot twists, if any.As is typical of rpg games, Sakura Dungeon is very dialogue heavy. Side characters occasionally comment on what's currently happening, but this isn't often, and side characters tend to run out of things to say after the 1st few floors since they were recruited to your party. This was probably done, since the developers probably didn't anticipate that players would grow attached to certain early-midgame party members that were captured, such as the Bunny Girl or Boar Girl, that they'd want to keep them in the party until end-game.Artwork:Simply put, I find the artwork for this game to be stellar. The character sprites are some of my favorites. The only turnoff is a lack of variety in body types outside of size D+ cup breast sizes.Although the version of Sakura Dungeon here on Steam has no nudity, there's an uncensored patch for ithere. However, I wouldn't purchase the game just for this, since we each have our own web browsers' search engines to take care of that.Gameplay:This was the main reason why I decided to purchase the game. In this game, you explore a dungeon in a 1st person view, with grid-like controls, like in Legend of Grimrock. However, the combat in this game is not unlike most JRPGs, including Final Fantasy or Pokemon, in which you have a chance of entering a random battle.What really sold me about this game is its innovative rpg battle system. Although I've already typed up a strategy guide about ithere, I'll just say that, compared to most JRPGs like Pokemon or Final Fantasy, the battle system of Sakura Dungeon is more tactical. In Sakura Dungeon, AP, or Ability Points, are not only your main renewable resource to spend on executing various skills in the game, but it also provides a dodge bonus against attacks. Managing AP is important in this game, since if your character has very little AP, then not only will she have a high chance of getting hit, but she also has a high chance of receiving a critical hit. Thus, weak skills with low AP costs have their value alongside stronger skills with higher AP costs.There's also a character's CP, or Concentration Power, to manage, which can be important for achieving the Flow condition, which is like turning Super Saiyan, as well as using it as another resource to spend on some of the more powerful skills in the game.Sadly, as much potential as Sakura Dungeon's battle system has, I feel as if it's woefully underutilized. The vast majority of characters have no more than 3 abilities, which provide passive bonuses, and even they, individually, tend to have little effect in the game. Moreover, other than Flow and Panic, there's only one other status effect that you'll have to worry about, which is Paralysis, which grants a 50% penalty to hit rates with melee and ranged skills (but not magic skills). There's also a Spell Disruption effect that causes afflicted players to be incapable of using magic skills, but that's, sadly, underutilized, and chances are that you won't encounter it.Moreover, if you've mastered the basics of the game's combat system, the game seems too easy to beat, even on the hardest difficulty setting. However, I've seen players struggle with this game, even on lower difficulty levels, because they either ignore how accurate their moves are when used against certain targets (which pops up in green numbers for a second), or aren't aware of how AP in this game works (which has been discussed earlier in this review). Some players also seem to be too dependent on the auto battle system, which can optionally be turned on during battle with a hotkey. However, AI opponents are actually easier to defeat without the auto-battle system, since they aren't exactly programmed to be intelligent with their move choices, and since the auto-battle system is no less stupider.Final verdict:Overall, despite the potential that Sakura Dungeon's battle system has, I feel as if the developers of the game have done far too little to flesh it out, and really make it shine. Moreover, the game seems to be structured in such a way that players are constantly incentivized to swap out the older party members that they obtained for newer ones, making it difficult to maintain an attachment to any single monster that you capture.I would only recommend purchasing Sakura Dungeon if you plan on playing it with theAbyssal Makeover modinstalled, and possibly theAdditional Dialogue modas well.The Abyssal Makeover mod is a must-have total overhaul mod that makes ALOT of gameplay changes, not the least of which is making Sakura Dungeon's otherwise shallow battle system shine as brightly as the JRPG classics, including adding new moves and abilities for characters, and new status effects like curse (negates abilities), and doom (KOes after time runs out). It also makes the game, as a whole, more challenging. Installing it (along with other mods) is as easy as moving all of the mod's files and folders into the following directory: \Steam\SteamApps\common\Sakura Dungeon\gameFinal score:5/10 without mods8/10 with the Abyssal Makeover and Additional Dialogue mods"
76561198009245890,Recommended,407330,23667346,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,💞Quinn💞,More like Sakura Sex Dungeon~
,Recommended,407330,28922114,Posted: 1 January,all,Duk,For science!
76561198045252882,Recommended,407330,29556022,Posted: 28 January,all,DΞVON,"Amazing hentai game, Download the patch for max hentai needs"
,Recommended,407330,23443991,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TsundereCthulhu,"I wasn't expecting much when I first bought it, but that quickly changed. The RPG meets dungeon crawler meets visual novel formula works surprisingly well in this instance. The art work is great, the characters are unique and all have their own distinct personalities, the humor is very well done, and for such an ecchi/fan service driven game the soundtrack is phenomenal (completely worth the download).As with any game like this, the 18+ patch completely sweetens the deal. Come for the ecchi, stay for the surpsingly addictive gameplay...and the ecchi."
,Recommended,407330,23885039,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CogitoProxy,"Alright so in the first hour of playing this my white knight senses were tingling and I felt that essentially beating up scantily clad anime babes until they were naked and then abducting them and forcing them to join my raiding party was moraly/ethically wrong in some way.  Luckily I soon realized that morality is for loosers and that I needed to build my harem ASAP.I fear for anyone taking a psych class in university playing this for they will realise the game is basically conditioning an aroused state by attacking kawaii maidens.As for if I would reccomend this game, if you have fallen down the rabbit hole as far as I have and you know for a fact there is no comming back to being a normie for you, then yes I would say this is the best Sakura game yet and you need to play it."
76561198127611100,Recommended,407330,23413704,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,DrunkRussian,"Ok, so... there's an R-18 patch. It's great. The game is very fun. Its essentially sexy Pokemon, or just Pokemon for me. I find Pokemon quite sexy."
,Recommended,407330,29281666,Posted: 15 January,all,jmason333,"An adult-themed anime/hentai RPG adventure. Fun story. Retro 1st Person RPG style. Fun gameplay. A bit of grinding. If you like any combination of those, and aren't offended by ""sexy tropes"" then you’ll enjoy this game. Nothing prolific, but an interesting little diversion with fun characters."
,Recommended,407330,24401314,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,I hate weeaboos #5th pos,What am i doing with my life....
76561198007300910,Recommended,407330,24618667,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Basileus ton Romaion,"While this may be the first Sakura game I bought I've been following the devs and there games through my fave youtuber, Noble of Lost Pause, who introduced to the wonderful world of pervy Sakura VNs.Now what made me decide to buy this one was, I heard it was going to be Yuri and 18+I'm the biggest yuri fanboy alive so of course I love the copious amounts of yuri smut in here! Also gameplay is surprisingly fun and somewhat addicting, not very challenging but if you aren't paying attention you can get wrecked. Characters are all great, all attractive, I just wish the deves could give us a little variety in the bodytypes.Anyways great game, great boobs, good gameplay, and yummy yuri <3"
,Recommended,407330,24972496,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KaJa97w,You like waifus? Cause this game got waifus.
76561198052178797,Recommended,407330,27919852,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vimbert,"Beneath all the thinly-veiled fanservice, not-at-all-veiled fanservice, mediocre writing, and giant anime tatas, there's a surprisingly competent dungeon crawler here. This is far better than I ever expected, considering the team that made this."
,Recommended,407330,23429248,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Đominus Aventiūs,There are two options in boss fights:- Fight it- Let it take advantage of you and then fight it.
,Recommended,407330,34472011,Posted: 24 August,all,rickylows2,"to my surprise this game is kind of fun and funny.I would actully like to play more game like this.its goes without saying the uncensored patch should be download ,its not necessary but i think you get more contect if you do find a way to download it,PLEASE BE 18 AND OVER IF YOU BUY/DOWNLOAD THIS GAME."
,Recommended,407330,33369822,Posted: 8 July,all,Ne7erwinter,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author...Five years later, the study published the following results: ""Just 10 minutes of staring at the charms of a well-endowed female is roughly equivalent to a 30-minute aerobics work-out."" According to Weatherby's findings, men that stared at breasts daily had lower blood pressure, slower resting pulse rates, as well as fewer instances of coronary artery disease.I'm a simple man. I see health benefits & recommend."
76561198082082182,Recommended,407330,26100491,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,sfumature,"Ok guys, real talk.This game is a solid 4/10 if you like a nice but simplified story. Otherwise it's mostly a boring grind fest.With that out of the way, let's talk about what this game is all about. The babes.1. You need the uncensor patch  (use your google fu).2. The overall art is nice but lacks variety. The girls are all perfect 10's and you will see plenty of them. But sadly it's the same figure, boobs, hight and face 100% of the time. Play games like Nekopara or Hunie Pop if that's a big issue for you.3. Personality wise they fall flat. We have the arrogant, the brute, the mysteious, the shy and the♥♥♥♥♥♥and that pinch is about everything you ever get to know about them.4. New outfits can only be equipped by 2 of them. But at least there are quite a lot.All in all it's a causal game, best to play while whatching/listening to something else. It has plenty of boobs - that's a plus. So yeah, a fairly enjoyable game."
,Recommended,407330,25029239,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,thomasgdl1,Came for the boobs.Stayed for the gamePretty fun gameAlso there are boobsLots of boobs
76561198212499588,Recommended,407330,23545086,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,water bottle,Literally sexy yuri pokemon 11/10
76561198065390303,Recommended,407330,23380953,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Meuikea,3.5/5PROS-simple UI-easygoing game (nice for newcomers)-no need for hard grind (2-4 levels under can still beat boss)-typical sakura series arts-lots of fan service(https://denpasoft.com/patch0x.rpa[Uncensored Ver.] [Thanks to Kimgaemandoo])-nice BGMCONS-no voice acting-quite expensive and not worth the cost-very repetitive-typical sakura series arts
,Recommended,407330,23416430,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SP Zenkip,"So at the time of this writing I am about 11.5 hours into the game, and so far I can say in pleasantly surprised.The plot is sweet and simple and they stick to it the whole time, which I can appreciate. Sure, I've had to grind up a level or two on hard, but that is expected with a RPG.The cast of characters each have their own personality and don't fit into that cookie cutter mold of a typical lemming. I can say that you will defidently be keeping certain characters and shuffling though others as they get outdated on later floors. I've encountered about maybe 15~ monster girls but I know that's barely scratching the surface. Also love that they have unique dialogue. (Great sprites aswell)However there is one big thing I hate about this game, the save system. I really don't like how this game doesn't auto save but that's just me. I've only died twice and I've had to makeup about an hour of gameplay by forgetting to save. But this is mostly because I'm stupid.Besides that, all in all I reccomend you pick up this game as it isn't your typical VN and there are a lot of fun elements.Buy. This. Game."
,Recommended,407330,26280935,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ryūgū Rena,"Sakura Dungeon, beat this game three times, and let me tell you I enjoyed it every time. In general, this game is very grindy but I have never been one to be against sinking hours into killing enemies, especially when they have a nice body. The story is surprisingly interesting, even if it is just a fan-service based game in a way. To put it simply in three phrases: beat the enemies, beat the game, and then beat your meat. 10/10."
,Recommended,407330,23373400,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Patchy,In this game you can actually play it really well one handed.
76561198025384285,Recommended,407330,25577225,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,FatBeanz,"10/10, only complaint is that it's harder to play with one hand."
,Recommended,407330,28931207,Posted: 1 January,all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:76% YES/ 24% NOGOODSurprisingly fun monster capture game. Granted the only things you need to do is get the monster's health low enough for the capture spell to kill it and make sure the one using ""capture"" is at least the target's level, so it's not complicated but it's fun.The art is clean and adorable. Yes they are known to emphasize sexiness and YES there is an ""adults only"" patch should you find the need to uncensor your game. Let's not mince words there are obvious galleries on the main menu to review your acquired scenes as well as a sprite gallery that opens up post game.Lots of fun and interesting attacks to make the game interesting throughout. I also enjoyed the cool passives that make encountering new enemies a challenge, figuring out how the passive works as you fight a new enemy.Map exploration feels great as you uncover the full map and, when you reach it, look for hidden spots every so often.Quite a few fun outfits to find, create, and put on your two main characters.NEUTRALMoney is rather hard to come by which means that buying upgrade seeds or farming ability scrolls for your favorite monsters is ridiculously difficult. The game really emphasizes the player cycle out monster allies as they recruit more, which is great at getting new, more powerful base monsters but is a bit depressing to lose favorites.Unfortunately the auto battle is a little TOO GOOD so you'll be tempted to cling to it halfway through the game once you find out how incredible it is. I still liked to manually fight tough and new enemies, but using auto + skip was rather handy.I wish I interacted with the store more than barely at all. There's just no money or good items to sell in this game so it's hard to do anything but buy warp stones.I can understand giving you powerful characters, but Yomi is just hilariously too strong. Once you unlock her, she NEVER becomes weak and just grows in strength as she gains new incredible passives. I enjoyed fighting with her but I felt like I had 1 less slot to consider once she was unlocked.BADIt's incredible how much minor level differences make in combat. No level difference = fair fight. 1 level under = fine but may miss a handful of attacks. 2 levels under = going to miss a few attacks but should be ok. 3 levels under = prepare to miss quite a bit and get hit with iron fists. 4+ levels under = find gods and pray to them.Pretty bummed to see that some achievements have bugs, including two I happened upon. Despite fulfilling the requirements, I shall never unlock these unless I replay the game.SUMMARYI came into this game looking for a decent first person dungeon crawler with monster capturing mechanics and that's exactly what I got. With fun combat, cute monsters, a variety of outfits, and a plethora of scenes to discover make this well worth the price. If you are looking to uncensor the game, just look into the forums and it should take you less than 5 minutes to download and drop the patch into your directory."
,Recommended,407330,23774720,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sigma.˪ₓ,"I (mostly) play these kinds of games ""ironically"" (sure I do), but this is actually a pretty competent, albeit repetitive, dungeon crawl. Kinda impressive for being made in Ren'py, and pretty okay for a distraction."
76561198034645450,Recommended,407330,31507735,Posted: 2 May,all,Vanben [Fr],"There is more than big boobs in this game.- classic RPG gameplay (skills, various characters, items...)- music (nice during exploration, epic during boss level)- difficulty (I played in highest difficulty level, the challenge was nice)I liked this game."
,Recommended,407330,24991794,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,baja gaijin,"You know, while this isn't the deepest dungeon crawler on Steam, the almost-Pokemon like party recruitment and value on smaller stat numbers over GRIND GRIND GRIND makes this a pretty solid way to kill some time with exploration and a very, very weird sense of humor. At no point did I find the game unfair, and it actually has a variety of challenges for the hardcore, as well as a diverse set of floor gimmicks after you get past the first few levels and the kid gloves come off.And yes, as is probably obvious if you know the developers, the game is, as the kids say, ""chock full of ♥♥♥♥♥""."
,Recommended,407330,25190006,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sims 4 is true eSport,"It's really hard to wank when you have to concentrate on the game. One hand in your pants and the other is on the mouse.But just like most of the Sakura games, Sakura Dungeon was fun, had a good story and never had a lack of breasts. Sakura Dungeon managed to be an interesting VN while having fun gameplay with it. I was quite skeptic of the quality of the game, when I heard that there was such a thing as a Sakura dungeon crawler, but after playing Sakura Dungeon I had no doubts that this game was amazing.Final rating: 8.5/10, would wank and play again."
76561197961763886,Recommended,407330,33167877,Posted: 2 July,all,Mertz de Nekodamus,"It's like Legend of Grimrock, Arx Fatalis, or Wizardary meets Pokemon, except the Pokemon are huge tít anime girls. 10/10"
,Recommended,407330,29798000,Posted: 9 February,all,DoubleKicks,"If you're looking for an M-rated Japanese RPG featuring a cast of furry animal-girls, then look no further.Download the uncensored patch to go full hentai."
76561198218297811,Recommended,407330,23512810,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tentacutie,"I did not know what I was in for when I got this game. But in my opion, Best SAKURA GAME YET! I think stuff like this (along with there visual novels) should be there main focus. Its a very older syle of RPG an has such charecter you will fall in love with it in the 1st hour. Its fun with the nude patch an with out, but with the patch you get the game was ment to be an there is a guide for the patch in the community.I love this game if you like bunny girls, dungeon exploration, an clothing ripping off this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,407330,24016948,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,gay if u read,"I originally bought this for a joke after seeing it in the recommended steam sale discovery queue and because i wanted ａｎｉｍｅ  ｔｉｄｄｙBut its actually a pretty good dungeon scroller, and if you dont care for the storyline or combat at any given time you can just skip through it.The game could really use an auto save feature every couple of mins though especially for the higher difficulty settings.Also a slide show button for the gallery and sprite collections.And you need to patch for 18+(Link:https://denpasoft.com/patch0x.rpa)10/10 if you want ﻿ａｎｉｍｅ  ｔｉｄｄｙtbh fam 100"
,Recommended,407330,25036792,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Tidus,It's a lot like Pokémon but with hot Sakura girls and boobs.10/10 Gotta catch 'em all!
76561198308369709,Recommended,407330,23812534,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,amyalderson85,"Pros:Fun conceptGood artworkAddicting to capture all the characters and CG scenesRuns quite wellCons:Not very deep and get repetitive after awhile. But not what one plays this for, is it?Overall 5/5 Cute Cat Witch Girls!"
76561198310846352,Recommended,407330,30112154,Posted: 22 February,all,the big,"There is alot to do in this game, and, unlike other sakura games, the visual novel aspect isn't too boring. The gameplay is interesting and legitimately difficult at times. However if you want to get the full experience you have to install a patch to get past steam cencorship (can be found in the community guides). This game feels incomplete without the patch, even beyond not being able to see NSFW stuff, because alot of the story is wrapped around censored content, and the gameplay is changed slightly by the censorship as well. This game is definitely worth the money, but you get way more with the patch."
76561197973370504,Recommended,407330,26131946,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,How many lights?,"Great simple time wasting game, little too much talking at boss doors.AMAZING score/soundtrack!Decent storyline.Like porn? Get the uncensored patch from here, BE 18 or older!!http://gameplay.tips/sakura-dungeon/136-how-to-enable-18-content.htmlWould LOVE to see an expansion or SD 2!"
,Recommended,407330,23428850,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,Surprisingly addictive. Dungeon crawler meets pokemon.10/10 catgirls.
,Recommended,407330,25937943,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Running-Target,"Sakura Dungeon is a dungeon crawlling RPG game with waifus and fanservice.   It worked on Win 10,  Played good, looked good, sounded ok.  Warning: this game is NSFW.  It has an interesting story.  Has a complex gameplay, and simple UI.  Has a picture gallery to unlock and steam achievements.  Has a hentai patch for free, look for the link in the discussion. The Steam version of the game is censored. Has maybe 20 to 30 hours of play.  This game has textual story but is not a visual novel.  If you lose a battle you lose the game, so save often and be ready to run away if needed.Could be worth the full price to the right person but best get it on sale or in the Sakura Bundle.For more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm2SFwyFIachttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRiGH3vcTi0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ3jLmmE4nEhttps://www.lewdgamer.com/2016/06/01/review-sakura-dungeon/https://sanahtlig.blogspot.com/2016/06/in-depth-review-sakura-dungeon.htmlhttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/sakura-dungeonhttp://www.digitallydownloaded.net/2016/06/review-sakura-dungeon-pc.html"
,Recommended,407330,28829977,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ToadLitWickedRogue,"Very fun recommend turning the torn clothes spirits of after a while. But Yea I enjoy playing, the story and some of the outfits are super cute."
76561198316634796,Recommended,407330,29341687,Posted: 18 January,all,brumleychuck,"Sakura Dungeon is one of the most intrigueing anime game of any that I have and I have many. The game can be challenging but only optionally. Great artwork for female sexiness, well written, exceptional storyline with amusing sexy female characters. It is even greater when the game is uncencored. I would definetely reccomend this game for all mature audiences and  anime fans."
,Recommended,407330,23490770,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Katar,Your hentai monster girls can eat “seed” to permanently raise their stats.
76561198209836461,Recommended,407330,23429634,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,cincliloquy,*Corrects glasses*Thank you Lost Pauseand guy with the patch link.It's impossible to waste my time with this game.Buy it and get the patch. It makes the game double worth it.*Uncorrects glasses and plays to his hearts content*
76561198006215362,Recommended,407330,28106484,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,TheGreyFox,"Before the patch, it was the usual RP grind....After the patch, I had a strange tingling sensation down south and I don't think it was my spider sense...."
,Recommended,407330,23646925,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Vaaith,"Decent game, the story and events are well-written and the dungeon part is really enjoyable.The overall design of the dugeon is good and I haven't yet exprerienced something frustrating about it.Also, it's nice to see a game that successfully recreated such old game mechanics. Reminds me a bit of phantasy star 1.Side note : I seems there is an uncensored version for those who seeks a little ""extra"""
,Recommended,407330,30485184,Posted: 12 March,all,SilentShadow013,10/10 would adult patch again
,Recommended,407330,23426069,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Farron™,You beat on monster girls and add them to your harem
76561198153104899,Recommended,407330,23678925,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Hello Kitty,"This game is so adorable, great story, great gameplay, great BGM, and most of all beautifull design character!Would fap again 100/10"
,Recommended,407330,27214563,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kyera Angelus,"For a game in the Sakura universe, its surprisingly fun. I've always enjoyed dungeon crawlers, and even though its obvious that its also a bit more mature, if you ignore that fact, its actually a pretty good First Person Dungeon crawler."
76561198031697910,Recommended,407330,25494451,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Paul,"I played this game in the 'Abyssal' difficulty in my first playthrough after uncensoring it of course with the patch that can be looked up. As the game gets near the end in that difficulty, it gets tough and requires a bit of grinding, yet you can increase the battle speed which helps alot.What I like about this game is that it is unique, the style of gameplay is great despite its unexpected lewdness, it also has an interesting story, well, interesting to me. But DAYUM the lewdness! My friend and I was laughing throughout this entire game. (I was playing with a friend who had been watching via screen share on Skype).This game is obviously 18+ and I'm recommending it for its unique style and the story, try seeing how far you can get through the game without getting the party killed, like an iron-man run, or come up with another idea, who knows what you can come up with, be creative, and there's a wide variety of characters to use too, remember that."
,Recommended,407330,28387838,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Roderich Verloren,Apparantly the censorship in this version of the game makes you unable to obtain the Fire Resistance Seed.  This item was supposed to be obtainable in that one Pyramid map with the room in the upper-left corner that will say that you have no reason to be in.  In the uncensored version you were supposed to bring the Abyssal Goat there and you'll get the Fire Resist Seed from her (along with a R-18+ CG).  I feel bad that you cannot complete the set of Resist Seeds 😣
,Recommended,407330,25266008,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Neaira Zephyrus,By far my Favourite Sakura game...Dungeons...Girls...Plot...
,Recommended,407330,23916003,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,VGAce,Pro Game Guide:1. buy game2. idle for cards3. spend 5 money to complete set4. craft badge and get lewd background5. spend your gems to craft boosterpacks for this game and sell
,Recommended,407330,25550270,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Zaxy Trescothik,Best when you have the uncensored patch *winks*
,Recommended,407330,23477693,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Crabs&Cancer,"The artwork is beautiful and the characters enjoyable.  I wish there was a little more depth to Character development such as equipment, weapons, skills and being able to purchase or teach skills to other characters.  With a little more depth, this could've been a 10/10 but instead, it's a 7/10 because of the great music, characters and art."
,Recommended,407330,32230514,Posted: 6 June,all,[RotH] @Seribii,This game has bewbs and i'm ok with that!
,Recommended,407330,29675295,Posted: 3 February,all,kwstephenson17,I would recommend 10/10 good game to play if your interested in sakura games
,Recommended,407330,25363734,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Degenerate,pretty good game if you need some arm exercises.9/11
76561198098865681,Recommended,407330,34850825,Posted: 9 September,all,Kaza_IA,"The best of all the Sakuras imo as of this date ;)♥♥♥♥♥♥butts and all that stuff.. yep hidden fetishes everywhere, it's truely wonderful."
76561197964001565,Recommended,407330,25172625,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Poh-poh,Came for the boobs. Stayed for the RPG elements.Classic Dungeon crawler. Story is a bit hugboxy but has some interesting scenarios.
,Recommended,407330,28080338,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bot Totsuka,"As a person that was never really into the old school type of rpg's I actually enjoyed this game even without the lewdness. Plot is kinda meh, and the character building is decent.For the pictures they are on point, pretty good with the uncensor patch.I'll give it a 4.5/5 because of no di cks"
,Recommended,407330,27882167,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Creeptic ❅ BOOO STORE INC.,"""Hentai"""
,Recommended,407330,23502079,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,[デルタ]DeltaUnknown🐺,"a game in which you beat girls into submission to join your harem,its also for people who wanna relive childhood memories but with boobies"
76561198315781415,Recommended,407330,30901529,Posted: 2 April,all,shadowxtro,"Do You like old style turn based dungeon crawlers?Do You like capturing monster girls?If answere is Yes, then why are You still reading this??You should instead be finishing purchase of this game and getting ready for hours and hours of fun :)"
76561197991546076,Not Recommended,407330,25635768,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Professor Mop,"it could be better...at best, this game might give horny teens 23 minutes in paradise(and that is being generous)other than that, you're better off finding something else."
76561198164829114,Recommended,407330,24229625,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kruzius,"You like Anime? Explore Dungeons? To find Outfits and can change them? Catch every enemy, no matter if normal or boss?Try this one!A story where you can raise your Face-Palm-Skill to max level! Lovely enemy design, cute story and very nice dungeon designs!"
76561197998745575,Recommended,407330,23667025,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[ECU] Trinity,"I played this game until its conclusion. It is a simple dungeon crawler with nice looking graphics and puzzles that are not overly complicated where you either need to find a key to open a door or find a button/ lever that causes certain doors to open.PROS:Puzzles are easy to solve and just require patience.  The music is nicely done and gets more dramatic when you reach the game final stages. Being able to capture other characters means that you can choose different melee or magic damage dealing types. Each character can learn the capture ability so you can have more than just one person with the ability to capture others. You can also have any character cast magic so even your melee charcters can use magic. I usually give them one magic ability that attacks multiple characters.It is also good that you are able to stop and view the entire map to a floor so that you can see what areas you have not yet explored to find if that is where you need to find the area to solve a puzzle or to get to the lower floors.Another nice touch is that certain bosses will join your group if you beat them or if you bring a specific item to them. Having a boss as a developed character is generally useful.The game story that plays out is interesting and kept me engaged with wanting to see the ending to the game.CONS:Lots and lots of grinding. Unlike traditional RPGs where you get hit points as you level up or points to spend in your strength for melee or mana for your magic users, your base stats do not improve as a direct result of leveling unless you find a seed or buy seeds from the shop and apply them to your character. In the beginning, the small seed is available for purchase at the shop for 1,000 but eventually you will get the medium seed for 5,000 and the large seed for 10,000. There is also an infinite seed that can be found in the dungeon that allows your character to go beyond the maximum of 8 in a category that is provided by the expensive large seed. While you will find chests / containers with currency, they are few and far between and the currency drop is not substantial and needs to be a lot more to avoid all the grinding for currency as you try to improve your player stats.You will also have to make sure that you buy warp stones and keep a few spares for when you want to return back to the home area and turn one of the captured mobs into a character for your group. Eventually you will find a warp gem towards the end of the game that lasts infinitely so you will not need to purchase warp stones after that but it would have been nice to have it at an earlier stage of the game.One particular part of the game that is unique is that you might wish to buy strength seeds to your magic user types. I know what you are thinking. Strength for a mage? Why? Shouldn't you be buying mental seeds to give them more magic or dexterity so that they hit more often? Well that is true, more strength means that your characters take less damage for melee types as their strength goes up. Again, this is why having to grind for money can be annoying.Granted in the later stages of the game, the currency amounts gained by killing the mobs goes up but still there was a lot more grinding than I wanted to.Another potential problem is the fact that your characters are not able to use potions to heal during combat. Healing potions can only be used outside of combat which is not as useful as your characters will heal as you move so buying healing potions is a waste of currency. It would be better if characters could use potions during battles as well as the mending tonic to repair their armor in the middle of battle.Another potential problem is using Yomi as one of your three main combat characters. The potential problem is that if she is defeated, it is game over even if your other characters are doing ok. Granted at the later stages of the games, she gains a dual soul ability that causes her to revive after the first defeat but again, it makes it dangerous to use her if the mobs target her and kill her. Yomi has a nice astro attack (one of the more powerful attacks in the game) but you are at risk of having the game end if she is defeated.The other part is that the version currently sold is the censored version so some of the story elements that deal with how the characters interact with each other has to be left out of the game. I have the uncensored version and It is too bad that some story elements had to be left off since some of those elements were funny although I understand why they had to censor it. it means you lose out on getting the entire story between the characters.Overall it was fun game and I enjoyed it. I have not yet played on the harder settings (beat the game at the default setting) so I am not sure what the experience may be like at the harder settings."
76561198038398901,Recommended,407330,24149261,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,michjean9298,"A very fun game, i have not played games like this do to the fact that i hate having to pick what each char does, but withSakura Dungeon it is not to bad the battles are nice not to slow or fast i belive and the leveling is pretty quick as well, thecontrols are easy and the story is pretty good so far (at the end of floor 11 as of writing/typing ) as well,the games art is really great to,i have long loved winged clouds art and this one is really good,i think i am no where near hafe way through the game atm andi already hope they make dlc for the SD. overall i would say this.===============================================================+ Very Fun + Not to fast not to slow battles + Great Art + not to fast not to slow leveling ++ Easy Controls + Great Story + YURI + === - needs more nekogirls :3 -(update now at the end of floor 18 and still loveing the story)(Update 2 now beat the game after 37H and all the extra stuff after a total of 40H IT WAS EPIC!!!)"
76561198146279270,Recommended,407330,23665746,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,tellmeninetails,"This is what it looks like: A sakura game that's an actual game, and there's an uncencored version, so that's really good as well!It reminds me of the game Mordor: Depths of Dejonol but with very pretty girls, even better is that not all of their poses are static; some are pretty dynamic. I haven't seen any booty yet unfortunately.Only issues I have:The music: I wish there was more for different floors or zones, Because as good as the plain song is it DOES in fact get repetative, and it's not one of those songs that are good enough to hum either.If you're bad at making progress but instead insist of exploring every section of the dungeon it doesn't help either, Monsters get a bit of the same old as well due to each one of the same type looking alike; it would of been nice to have some veriety like in Sakura Clicker.Also as someone who has played shadowgate and died from lack of torch many times because I didn't know what the hell I was doing; torches unnerve me slightly, specifically wall torches. This might be a personal issue but it's not very pleasant to see walls upon walls of torches at all times.It would of been nice to occasionally seen a wall without a torch, or one with the torch snuffed out, or one with a broken brick or tile, some veriety that we can use as markers on our way because at this point you might as well just have the map as the main point of focus and the hallways as the thumbnail; it's much more interesting and we're completely relying on it.I'd still reccomend it because as of writing I hear that the devs are still working on this, so some of these issues might be fixed.Even if it's only on sale for 60% or more, it's really not worth 20$. Do you know how much that translates to in other countries?"
,Recommended,407330,29729346,Posted: 5 February,all,Kristina,"Much better than I was expecting.I really love the battle system. Having the 'mana/skill' meter refill incrimentally throughout battle makes the combat fast-paced. It feels good to explore a dungeon and not have to worry about going back to town every five minutes to regain mana.Capturing monsters to add to your team adds variety. Different monsters are weak to different things, so it's always a good idea to change up your party. It's like a really perverse version of Pokemon. I love it.For those of you who may be unaware, there is an adult version of this game available outside of Steam."
76561198039398409,Recommended,407330,25065343,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Thyreaper,"By far one of the best games ive bought this year id even say it is the best game. There is no nudity however there is a patch you can look up and download which enables that if you are over 18 of course. I give this game a 10 / 10. Great story and you will bond with the characters like yomi, ceri, anubis ect.The sexy scenes my god are very sexy. The fighting is enjoyable to people who played like the older style of final fantay's. There are really hard boss fights.I beat it on hard took me like 34 hours to beat it on hard, i also almost have discorvered all the hidden things i just need one more piece for the lucky statue but i beat all the enemies ect.ProsLoveable i mean loveable characters.Sexy scenes.Fighting is fun.Artwork is amazing.Good story.Great musicYou get outfits to choose from.There is a lot of hidden easter eggs in game.Can have nudity if you download patch.Succubus scene was amazing.ConsWish it was longer than 34 hours even playing on hard however still better than most games.Sometimes the writing is a bit bad tho a lot of the time its fine just you'll see what i mean.When exploring old dungeon floors you will just have to fight weaklings over and over.You must download the patch to fully enjoy this game to the fullest."
,Recommended,407330,28758086,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kyonko,"Amusingly, for this sale, I decided to try out three dungeon crawlers and give them each 30 minutes or so to see if they were fun and if their user interfaces were clear.  This is the only one I didn't refund (Stranger in Sword City and Winged Sakura: Demon Civil War were).Note on this review, I haven't finished the game yet.  Things may change.The Good- The user interface is cleanly designed and easy to immediately read and navigate.- The mini map is quick to look at and figure out what's going on in.- Combat is simple at first glance, with a few complexities that place it around Pokemon gen 2 in difficulty to understand.  - Even then, the in game menus and tool tips explain things quite nicely.- The game was immediately fun for me, once I got out of all the dialogues.- The game is quite similiar to Pokemon.The Netural- Art style is the same Sakura art style that everyone has come to expect from any game titled as such here on Steam.  The artist(s) could do with improving the looks of the women to not look so cookie cutter.  I will say that the backgrounds are nice and I do tend to look around them a bit more then is needed given prior dungeon crawler games.- While the game is not programmed in an RPG Maker, the combat animations look like they've been copied and pasted from it.- The game is an immediate grind fest.  Levels are not easy to aquire as XP is earned in one of three ways, each way gives a very low amount.  (( Levels are gained by being an attacker, by defending against attacks, and by just being there (which allows the party members not fighting to gain some XP should they ever be used again).)- This game is a very basic dungeon crawler in all respects.The Bad- Grind fest.  I know I put this as a netural, but due to an immediate lack of different enemies to fight, the first two to three levels of the dungeon are boring.  Once you get to level 4 and beyond, there's more enemy types and combat gets more exciting.- The dungeon is of a fixed designed.  Play through and explore everything once, you'll know where everything is.  There's no randomness outside of combat.- The game is similiar in design to how Pokemon Gen 1 is, if you started off with Charmander or Pikachu.  Level 2's boss monster is heavily resistant to physical attacks.  Followed soon after by level 3 being filled with them.  Kinda like Brock and then Mount Moon with its Rock types.- No character generation.  You don't design your characters and they level up automatically.  The only customization you get is appearance for the two main characters, attack scrolls (TMs), and stat boosting seeds.Overall and with my experiences thus far, I do recommend this game if you're a fan of old school Pokemon, dungeon crawlers, and don't mind the constant fanservice that all Sakura titles have to date."
,Recommended,407330,24256126,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Munkeren,Now this is what i call a sex dungeon.10/10 Would come to it again.Download the uncensored for the real fun.Scroll a bit up and down to find a link to it idk.Ps. please don't tell my mom or i well tell yours.
,Recommended,407330,23886920,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Niceratops,"First person dungeon crawling with plenty of fanservice to keep you going.Pretty character designs, with a handful of yummy ample bosoms.A capture system so that cute enemy you were after you can make her your slav... comrade.Outfits! Of course what better way to enhance the fanservice. .. i mean game... boobs..... ok theres a lot of boob and butt shots... Its great.. story.. yeah i guess there is one..But seriously anime boobs plz...8/10"
76561197981778561,Recommended,407330,24034175,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ora,"I bought this game expecting boobs and a whole lot of nothing as far as gameplay and story goes. What I found was a game that would be worth playing even if it didn't have boobs. It's kinda like pokemon, as other reviewers have said, except the pokemon are all hot girls that you can get naked. Completely naked if you download the 18+ patch. I downloaded the 18+ patch before I ever even booted the game for the first time, so I don't know what is present in the unpatched version of this game but in my game there have been straight up, uncensored sex scenes that I can't imagine are present in any form at all in the unpatched version. This is my first of this kind of game, and I just might have to look in to other games of this genre since I've enjoyed this one so much. I had a lot of unexpected fun playing through this game, and no, I'm not just talking the kind of fun that you have below the belt. This game is very well done, and I recommend it to anyone who isn't afraid of a little hentai."
76561198187131886,Recommended,407330,23407938,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Crooked Hillary,"Honestly wasn't expecting much from this game.  The battle system is pretty simplistic, but it's really not bad.  I do wish there was a little more story, but overall I would buy another game like this in a second.  The art is absolutely perfect and the humor is witty.Overall 8/10"
76561198103374685,Recommended,407330,23445752,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,nachovonmartin,"Oh my, whats in this random chest in the dungeon? Oh, it's two bikinis. Let's put them on because this game knows *exactly* what it's doing.Combat system is passable, dialogue is pretty good. Each obtainable character has a unique line of dialogue to comment on each minor dungeon event, so a lot of work put in there.Came for the ecchi, stayed for the ecchi. 10/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,407330,30183316,Posted: 25 February,all,[JC]Goxite,"Come for the lewdness, stay for the fun dungeon-crawler type gameplay.  40 hours played, all achievements unlocked except Abyssal mode victory.  There are flaws which can be easily overlooked, and these flaws could be easily corrected in a sequel.  Sakura Dungeon 2 would be a day-1 purchase for me."
,Recommended,407330,29715049,Posted: 5 February,all,Alexxis Rose,"I do not own male genitals, nor do I prefer the company of female genitals. But, still, this game is actually pretty good. Much better than the stupid novels. Skip those and buy this instead."
,Recommended,407330,33051860,Posted: 30 June,all,evildeadfan102,I enjoyed this game when i played it ages ago.Its for adults as boobs are everywhere.
76561198066298016,Recommended,407330,29410576,Posted: 21 January,all,Top Nep,Deamon Master Chris any one? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561197991924309,Recommended,407330,23502883,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bonelord,"If this world is truly to become a yuritopia, we need more games like this.Must have for all yuri fans."
76561197975448756,Recommended,407330,32901770,Posted: 27 June,all,To-SToned_2ShooT,Topless monster girls around every corner!!!
76561198276951053,Recommended,407330,24434195,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Pixel,Very good gamekeep the great work
76561198069159152,Recommended,407330,31094675,Posted: 12 April,all,wrb41977,"This is a very interesting game. Out of all the Sakura titles this is the one likeliest to have the longest playtime. Mostly because it is a dungeon crawl with some Visual novel elements. You are trying to clear a dungeon while under the influence of a fox spirit that wants her dungeon back. That fox spirit does not seem like a really bad creature, just one that is... mischievous. Along the way you can recruit more party members, including the monsters you fight (for them it is more or less a better deal since the fox spirit is a far more benevolent ruler).The game also comes with achievements and Trading Cards. Considering the game has 15 to a set, that is... a lot of free cards...Should be hours of fun."
,Not Recommended,407330,29600658,Posted: 31 January,all,Foxxy,"repetitive AS ♥♥♥♥It's like playing through the forest between pallet town and pewter city 100 times.the story, outfits and dialogue are entertaining at time, but the basic game mechanic is so boring as to offset any positive qualities."
,Recommended,407330,30265549,Posted: 1 March,all,Patriarchy Slayer OC,"I came, I saw, I conquered, I came again."
,Recommended,407330,33021707,Posted: 29 June,all,Live Fast Eat Ass,Bought the game for the meme value but actually becoming addicted to it... the soundtrack is superb
76561198032012793,Recommended,407330,23443722,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Ambaire,"Beat the game today, absolutely amazing story and the characters have a wonderful dynamism going on. Probably won't replay it but it was perhaps the best 18 hours of my life. Highly recommended. Don't bother playing on above easy difficulty, that 18 hours was with auto resolving most of the fights."
,Recommended,407330,23435706,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SooFany,"Great game, enjoyed every bit of it, a bit too much I guess. Old-school dungeon crawler, where you need to capture girls and improve your party. This game has a lot of great features apart from being able to collect almost every sexy girl in the game. Every character has its own personality and most of the dungeons are unique and have interesting easy puzzles in them. ""Pokemons"" themselves can get a little repetitive, but it is not a big deal, more = feel better! All this is accompanied with an awesome soundtrack! I just love it. The only disadvantage is: no voice acting. Apart from that it is a very good game with a catching story, but I am sure you are not planning to buy this game because of the story."
76561198128760926,Recommended,407330,26019615,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SkyShootsMineCraft,"Incredible game. DEFINITELY WORTH THE MONEY. If you have limited amount of money, and you can buy this game, then buy it. Trust me. It's worth it.  However, if you're underage, then I don't recommend you to play this. And btw, do not play this around people, at all costs. If you wanna add some spice to this, definitely get the nude patch."
,Recommended,407330,33119641,Posted: 2 July,all,Nero,more plz
76561198062422908,Recommended,407330,23414099,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Gonegamer554,"Can get a little grindy here and there, but overall, I'm impressed.  It feels like they actually put substantial work into this game.  One of the best parts is that your random party members will comment on different events, granting the illusion that they are actually living party members instead of just some pretty sprites.  Art is awesome, the music can get downright gorgeous, and the combat is fast-paced and fun; though those wishing for some more strategy will be dissapointed.Either way, definitely a good grab, though a little expensive.  For 10-15, I would suggest it 100%.  For 20?  Mmmm... depends.  For me, definitely worth it.  Anime waifus galore are worth all the moneys :3I really hope that they make another game, albeit with more features and such, in the future.  I would definitely be willing to buy more from this series... and please, no more hack Sakura VNs... do more Dungeon!  And more cat girls! :3P.S. My congrats to the writer of the two main characters, fyi.  Yomi is especially likeable and fun.  Very good job."
76561198097675823,Recommended,407330,23442620,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Izumi Sena,"Sakura Dungeon is an amazing dungeon crawler with great soundtrackits a turn based rpg in first person, you can skip the dialogue if history is not your thing and you can auto battle if you just want to read the history, it can fit every play style, giving you the option to save at any time using something similar to a save state clicking the right button and going to the menu save or you can challenge yourself to save only when you are in the town like me, plus there is secret areas clicking on walls sometimes, and the greatest sidequests ever, but you need install a addon for that, and its highly recommended, everything about this game is amazing+great gameplay+beautiful anime graphics99/10"
76561198084161463,Recommended,407330,29172425,Posted: 10 January,all,Tuck,"Nice dungeon Crawler, funnier with the mod."
,Recommended,407330,25347832,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Red,"I play it for the plot, I swear!"
,Recommended,407330,25042247,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Whitetigrolf,"Beyond the obvious idea of this game, the gameplay isn't actually all that bad. While it is simple, leveling up and 'obtaining' new party members feels rewarding."
76561198012460201,Recommended,407330,25092774,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Burningface,Must play!Best use of a Farm Animal
,Recommended,407330,25107425,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,grim5000,"If nothing else, this is worth it just for the reactions Ceri has when you find her new clothes"
76561198201135263,Recommended,407330,32929943,Posted: 28 June,all,тυrтledovelιce,moist
,Recommended,407330,25124404,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Techno Neko-Stubby,"when I first review this game the intial excitement hadn't worn off, so I'm updating it to be more objective, I'll begin with the cons,  dear god after the first play through you'll be extreamely bored, the branching paths are few and far between with what seems like repetative and padded game play inbetween, so really there isn't any replay value. if you want all the CGs just save before every choice, try both choices, and stick with the one that helps you the most, your choices don't have long term consequences. another problem I have is most of the girls you capture have no longevity, their skills do not go up with level-ups so the only way to make them stronger is to give them a stat booster (they're called seeds in this game) but these items are rare, and you'll encounter better monster girl on pretty much every other floor, so it's more usefull to use these items on the main and special girls like Ceri, Yomi, Sylvi, or the monster girls that require a special condition to recruit. thats the main down side, the pros are all the characters are attractive in some shape or form (cute, sexy, ext.) and the game does have a interesting story, and funny moments, and when the battle system isn't getting monotonous, it actually pretty fun, and dem CGs man, they're quality ""research"" material, just as a eroge should be. so in conclusion if the cons I laided out don't out way the pros to you, then you should enjoy this game, I enjoyed it on my first play through, and I only noticed my dislikes for this game when I was replaying it to get the CGs. I reccommend it, but think before you buy it."
76561198157854672,Recommended,407330,23887183,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ブラン「Blanny」,"Man this is a pervy game. From what I hear, this is the first sakura game with actual gameplay soooooo... dig in m8. Rlly gud rpg elements.Side note: Get the patch"
76561198143642465,Recommended,407330,32874356,Posted: 27 June,all,Leon Night,"Ignore Plot, Focus on Harem"
,Recommended,407330,29590310,Posted: 30 January,all,Hong Meiling,"Well I got a nice 50% off on this game, so buying it I really dident know what i was getting into, and what I got into was just... o god."
,Recommended,407330,29922737,Posted: 14 February,all,miztiq,played while having a massive boner at work.noice. STILL ADDICTED TO SEEING THE CG EVERY NOW AND THEN!!!
,Recommended,407330,28697166,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,shunter,"Good game. Despite the repetitive nature of the gameplay, the design and UI prevents it becoming tedious. Plot is relatively predictable, however artwork exceptional and soundtrack: no issues. Delivers on its promises and has a lot of content to offer. Enjoyed that the gameplay and battle focus has a reasonable depth to it."
,Recommended,407330,23488282,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Plant Eating Man,"Oh boy, here we go again."
,Not Recommended,407330,35129519,Posted: 22 September,all,⚡ Sex,excessive clicking just to see a pair of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,407330,23433231,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,*OWC* Samus Arkain,"Ever played Demon Master Chris?  This is essentially the exact same concept, with a little less variety in breasts and body type, but a little bit more refined story telling.  Personally I don't mind when games copy other games, so I've given this one a thumbs up.  It's done a good job, has overall quality, and frankly I'm a big fan of Demon Master Chris, so I was bound to like this game.  I won't bother going into details here as I don't want to spoil anything, but if you are okay with a level based RPG system that drags you through dungeon after dungeon and has a cute sense of humor while doing it, you should enjoy this game.Good Job Overall!Sea.P.S.  I strongly recomend you get the patch for the full experience.  A simple search will find it on the developer website for free for you to download.Edit:  I would like to say the review on this game that Brother Johnny Bravo did was rather accurate.  I did not get far enough into the game to appreciate how over simplified they made it.  I still recomend it for the above reasons, but you should read his review as well.  I agree with his comments, though I am not as driven away from the game as he appears to be."
,Recommended,407330,23551665,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Lenny Leonard,This game is suprisingly fun could do with some small improvements as i found having 6 party members to be useless as 3 of them arew benched most the time and are useless it would be better if you could use more of them at once
76561198028065901,Recommended,407330,30788264,Posted: 28 March,all,McCore,"I'm about 1/3 through this game I think? (Level 36) and I've been playing for over 50 hours. So I don't know if I'm taking too long to grind for each dungeon boss or if I'm playing as intended. It's a really decent dungeon crawler. The content is mildly ecchi, some minor clothing damage and a few suggestive images but not at all bad. Nothing you won't see in most anime these days. Very cute drawings from Wanaca as expected. I'm disappointed that the story is a bit too silly. The main character Yomi always manages to recruit monster girls into her party with the mildest effort. There are also too many monster girls for a party of 6. I love how cute they all are but as soon as you catch one you get rid of her and because secondary skills cannot be obtained or upgraded for anyone but the main characters (Yomi, Ceri, Maeve, Sylvi) there's no use in leveling your Cat with her Reflexes when your Nine Tails comes with Conjurer, Serenity, and Prudent. The deeper you go into the dungeon the better they get straight out of the box. All it does is make you regret using your seeds on earlier girls.Fun. Better than expected. Cute. Mildly ecchi. Can't really go wrong."
76561198140180330,Recommended,407330,33964182,Posted: 1 August,all,성혜진,"Just like what Sora said before their campaign in conquering warbeast race,'ANIMAL GIRLS KINGDOM DOES EXIST'+Fun turn-based strategy rpg+Lots of cute and sexy fantasy beings waiting to be captured+Each girls will also have their own dialogue during dungeon events+Awesome vn story and lots of hentai+I can play this game happily without reading any walkthrough+Torn-up clothes-can't find any weakness yet,maybe this game's perfect!?"
,Recommended,407330,31188302,Posted: 16 April,all,Henpaiシ,". ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ,,----~~”'¯¯¯¯¯¯”'~~----,,... ... ... ... ... ...,,-~”¯::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::¯”'~,,... ... ... ... ..,,~”::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::”~,,... ... ... ..,,-“:::::::::::::::/::::::/::::::::::::::::\::::::::::::\:::::::::\... ... ...,-“:::::,-“:::/:::::/::::::/:|::::::::::::::::\::::::::::::\:::::::::\... ... .,-“:::::::/:::::|:::::|:::::::|:|:::::::|:::::::\\:::::::::::|:|:::::\::\... ... /::::::/:::|::::::|:::::|::|::::\:\:::::/\::::/:::||:::::::::|:/::::::|:::|... .../::::::|:::::\::::::\::::\::\::::/\:\,::/::\::/::::|:|:::::::/\/::::::/::::|... ../::::::/::::::'\::::::\-,:::\/\::/: :\-,”/ : :\/:\:::/: |:::::/::/::::::|::::/... ./::::::|:::::::::\::::::\|::/: \/: : : \/: : : : : \,/: \/::_/\//:\:::::/:::/... /::::::/::/:::::::|::/,__/:/: :__/ . .: : : : : : :\__. \/: \:::::/::/:::/... |:::|::::::::::::/::/::::/;/ ;/ ,. .,\: : : : : : : / ,._., \ /::::::|::/:|...|:::/:::/::::::::/::/|:::|.\: |.|❤||; : : : : : :|.|.❤||;|::|:::\/:/...|::|:::|::::::::/:::\|:::'\,|: \.""'"" /: : : : : : : :'\."" '""/ : \: |:::|::\...|::|:::|:::::::/:::::|::::|/: : “¯': : : : : : : : : :""¯'' : : :\ : :/::::'\...|::|:::|::::::/:::::/:::::'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :': : : : :| :/::::::|... \:|:::|:::::|::::::|::::::|,: : : : : : :~,___,~: : : : : :,-“:::::::|::|... .'\|::|:::::|::::::||::::::\'~,: : : : : : '~--~': : : : ,,~”\:::::::::|:/... ...'\:|:::::|::::::/.|::::::|: : “~,: : : : : : : : ,,-~,”::::::'\::::::::/... ... .\\:::::|”~,/-,|:::::::|: : : : ¯”~,-,,,-~”:::,,-'\::::::::\-,,_::|/... ... ..',\,::|~--'-~\:::::::|: : : : : : |::|,,-~”¯..__\::::::::\... .'|... ..,~”': : \|: : : : : \::::::|: : : : : : |¯”'~~”~,”,: : \:::::::|.. /..,-“: : : : : :|: : : : : :\::::::|: : : : : : \: : : : : : “~'-,:\::::::|\,..|: : : : : : : |: : : : : : |::::|,\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,-\::::|: \..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : |::::|:'-,\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-'\,|: :|...\ : : : : : : : : : :'\: : :\:::|: : '\'\: : : : :~,,: : : : : : : : : “~-',_... \: : : : : : : : : : :\: /:|:/: : : :',-'-,_,: : : “-,: : : : : : : : :,/”'-,... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: |/: : : ,-“....”-,:\: : : : '\: : : : : : :,/.......”-,... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: |: : :/...........\*/ : : : :|: : : : : :,-“...........'|... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : /..............\/ : : : : /: : : : : :,-“............./... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\:/.................\: : :,/: : : : : /................./... ... .....\ : : : : : : : : : \........................\:,-“: : : : :,/............/... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \,_.............._,”======',_..........,-“\... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: ¯”'~---~”¯: : : : : : : : : :¯”~~,': :\... ... ... ... ..'\,: : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : '|: : \... ... ... ... ... .\, : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : '\... ... ... ... ... ...\,: : : : : : : : :\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : :\... ... ... ... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : :\... ... ... ... ... ... ...\\,: : : : : : : :\, : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/: : : : :\... ... ... ... ... ... ... .\\ : : : : : : : :'\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : '|... ... ... ... ... ... ... ./:\: : : : : : : : :'\, : :;: : : : : :;: : : : |: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ... /: : \: : : : : : : : : '\,:;: : : : : :;: : : : |: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... .../: : : '\: : : : : : : : : :'\,: : : : : :; : : : :|: : : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ../: : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : :\, : : : ;: : : : : |: : : : : /: |... ... ... ... ... ... ,/: : : : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : '\,:.. :: : : : : : |: : : :;:: |... ... ... ... ... ..,-“: : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : : : : \*, : : : : : :| : : : :\: |... ... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : /: : : : : : /... ... ... ... ..,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : :'\: : : :| : : : : : ,/... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : ;-,: : : : : : : : :'\: : |: : : : : : /... ... ... .../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :;: “-,: : : : : : : : '\: |: : : : : /... ... ... ../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : \,|: : : : :/... ... ... ,/: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : :\: : : : /... ... .../-,-,”,,-,~-,,_: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : :'\: : :'|... ... ...|',/,/:||:\,\: : : “'~,,~~---,,,_: : : : : : : : '\: : : : : :\,: :|... ... ..|: :”: ||: :”: : : : : : :”-,........ ¯¯”''~~~-~.|\: : : : : : \:|... ... ..|: : : ||: : : : : : : : : : :”-,.......................|: : : : : : : \|... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,.....................\: : : : : : : :\,... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,\....................“\: : : : : : : : '\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-\...............,/: : :\: : : : : : :\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \,...........,/: : : : '\: : : : : : ||... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \.......,/: : : : ,-~/: : ,: |: /:|... ... ..'|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \~”¯: : : : : :|: ::|: :/::/:,/... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : :”-,,_/_,/-~”:|... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|... ... ... |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |... ... ... | : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/───▄▄▄▄▄▄─────▄▄▄▄▄▄─▄█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▄─▄█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▄▐█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▓█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▓█▌█▓▓▒▒░╔╗╔═╦═╦═╦═╗░▒▒▓▓██▓▓▒▒░║╠╣╬╠╗║╔╣╩╣░▒▒▓▓█▐█▓▓▒▒╚═╩═╝╚═╝╚═╝▒▒▓▓█▌─▀█▓▓▒▒░░░░░░░░░▒▒▓▓█▀───▀█▓▓▒▒░░░░░▒▒▓▓█▀─────▀█▓▓▒▒░▒▒▓▓█▀──────▀█▓▓▒▓▓█▀────────▀█▓█▀──────────▀"
,Recommended,407330,23516708,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SepticSpoon,"This game is actually really good. I am playing with the patch because I hate cut content, also bewbs. I'm playing on abysmal difficulty for the extra challenge, although even on the hardest difficulty it still seems rather easy if you explore the whole map before fighting the major boss/opponent in that specific area. Even with no voice acting or animation it is still a good read minus the few typos.Pros:1. Lot's of Bewbs.2. Nice art design.3. A nice dungeon crawler.4. Hidden areas.5. Puzzles to solve.6. Not very practical but very nice outfits.Cons:1. No voice acting.2. Too easy, even on the hardest difficulty.3. Typos. They are fixing these with updates.4. The price maybe too much for some. (Just wait for a big sale if you feel £15 is too much.)Conclusion:I have never cared for the visual novel type Sakura games, but this one is a must buy even if you don't like the Sakura games or if you do like them, because this combines visual novels in with dungeon crawling for a very nice and rewarding gameplay."
,Recommended,407330,24073837,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ZisElite,One of the best games I have ever played. Totally worths its money.
76561198072017110,Recommended,407330,23496412,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Ssenkrad_II,"I admit I came at this game (har har) totally different than most people who bought and played it... I assume most people came for some good old toon boobs (har har) and dealt with the dungeon crawler; I on the other hand (har har) came for the dungeon crawler (har har) and dealt with the toon boobs.I also have no problem admiting that I enjoyed the RPG and dungeon crawling aspects of the game far less than I had hoped and enjoyed the toon boobs far more than I should have, which leaves me at a very odd crossroads. Should the game focus more on toon boobs in DLC and/or Sakura Dungeon 2 because they nailed it (har har) in this game, or should they focus on and enhance their combat system (which frankly only needed a handfull of meaningful pushes in the right direction for it to have not been such a let down) which would do wonders for the overall feel of the game and grow their base exponentially, when it might not be what the company is good at.As far as a dungeon crawler this game takes you to first base (har har) towards something genuinly special, a pokemon ""got to catch them all"" dungeon crawler spawn but doesn't manage to bring it home. The toon boobs and animations feel like they have been drawn by 40 year old virgins while the story feels like it has been written by twelve year old girls.The game was good and at the end of the day I actually enjoyed it, but frankly the experience was confusing as hell to a player (as I said above) looking for a game first and a toon bait second- it just didn't feel like it had a strong push (har har) in any one direction. I most likely will never play the game again, but for the price I paid and the time I got out of it I would say I don't regret anything (she does though... har har), I am however full of curiousity wondering what this company will do next with this new franchise- it could be something really special, or it could just flush down the drain of ""toon baits"" and amount to nothing.What could really change the dungeon crawling aspects of the game and make it a serious contender vs all other dungeon crawlers on the market? Here are my 10 biggest grips:http://steamcommunity.com/app/407330/discussions/0/357288572135256448/Here is my guide, which includes all CG locations, outfit locations, ect:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=699315679"
,Recommended,407330,23388920,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,razisgosu,"Despite the hate the Sakura series gets, this game actually has some decent production value. Especially if you update it with the H patch, or purchase an uncensored version from Denpasoft or Nutaku.The formula of the game is nearly identical to Demon Master Chris, capture girls and they join your party, get lots of H scenes along the way. There's leveling up, stats, different attacks, resistances, etc.It's a competent enough erotic dungeon crawler."
76561198194938338,Recommended,407330,24896138,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,RemilJones,Great game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198316221989,Recommended,407330,24459793,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Dark Star,A really fun game ! ^_^ Would defo recommend to a friend :P
,Recommended,407330,30203365,Posted: 26 February,all,Yagami Kou,The game has a good story good characters and a fun RPG mechanic overall I like it and it can get lewd
76561198061056381,Recommended,407330,23412373,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ironman2ooo,"I'm an OLD SCHOOL dungeon crawler guy, and I find this game a really nice suprise.  Yes its got half naked anime girls, and anime humor but it stays fun and keeps to a dungeon crawl feel and playstyle. If you're a fan of dungeon crawl style games and women, you'll probably enjoy the game and its sense of humor."
,Recommended,407330,24807272,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Captain Spanky,I enjoyed this game far more than I should have.
,Recommended,407330,27362017,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,乃isa丂,best boob adward
76561198056517928,Recommended,407330,27997779,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Uncle Waste,If you like dungeon crawlers and♥♥♥♥♥♥you will like this one
76561198076129717,Recommended,407330,26603657,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,BrightWing97,The ♥♥♥♥ did I just played?!!
76561198151207685,Recommended,407330,23964322,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nekobayashi,"Just finished the game (took hard mode)it's a great game to play if you like playing dungeon crawler stuffbut in this casePLAY THE DENPASOFT ONE , you'll be unziping something else after that"
,Recommended,407330,31268916,Posted: 20 April,all,SupahYoshiX,"A unique anime game, that includes not just chatboxes and sprites, but also an actual PVE Dungeon game!-And I can very say, this has superb CG! :3"
,Recommended,407330,23521004,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Konag,"Addictive game in the Myst style. It's confusing but in a passive aggressive kind of way. If you have one good claw, just keep scratching aways at the dungeon Chics and you will progress..."
,Recommended,407330,28790519,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Haovah,"Trully one of the best one-handed game out here, an exciting gameplay and a great story,would recommend, would buy again."
,Recommended,407330,23442444,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,juul,"Sure, it would be awesome if they had more games like this in the future"
,Recommended,407330,26570541,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Folochs,Very Gud game.
76561198141223094,Recommended,407330,23591126,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Christiandcb777,"Do you like intricate stories? Do you like complicated turn based action? Do you like heavy character development to get closer to the members of your party? Too bad, there isn't any here. Story line is pretty typical of many Sakura games (comedy, drama, romance). Contains ""plot"" and easy to clear dungeons. Game is very linear with many side events that are hard to miss. If you are planning to get the game, highly reccomend getting the uncensored patch which contains like 50% of the game's story and CGs. Despite lacking in game mechanics, I reccomend it for the same reason you would buy any other Sakura game. Game lasts about 10-20 hours for a game clear."
,Recommended,407330,23625191,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,joyfullyDeadly,"First, I think the Sakura series is mainly VNs? This says that it has VN elements, and that's not entirely false, but this is not a VN, in my opinion. Just being a game with story in the form of lots of text doesn't make it a VN in my book. If that were the case, every final fantasy game I've ever played would be a VN. So if you're looking for a VN (which I wasn't), don't look here.Even with the 18+ patch, the game isn't really fapping material, in my opinion. I bought this game because most of the helpful reviews were along the lines of ""got it for the♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's a good game anyway.""It's a half-decent RPG, and while every character has almost the exact same body type as every other character, the art isn't that bad. I was surprised that I found myself interested in the story. I've been considering starting a playthrough on one of the easier difficulties just to blast through the story, but even without it, it's an enjoyable pokemon-meets-final-fantasy battle system with a charming dungeon perspective that reminds me of older ""2.5D"" dungeon crawlers like TES: Arena.If anime chicks simply being naked (or half-naked without the patch) is enough to get you off, or you enjoy battle systems like this one, or character-centric story, this game is for you. Honestly, two out of three of those things is enough to keep me from uninstalling.One final point: Controller support. It's not the best, but it's certainly good enough to play in bed. Everything works. I haven't played this game with KB+M at all because I mainly play it for some mind-numbing RPG gameplay (I play on Abbysal which is basically grind-hater's hell). The only things they could have done better are tutorial messages and button count. In the beginning, navigating the dialog was very confusing for me, and there was no explanation of how to do so. (This may be in the player's manual, but I am not going to read a player manual in 2016. We've moved past this as an industry.) Also, in battle, most of the controls were explained, but not all of them. I had to figure out how to chage targets on my own via trial and error. Finally, some of the menues have way too many highlightable elements for controller, and it could easily be improved by treating the sections of the menu as submenus. Highlight a section, press A, navigate section. Press B, highlight another section, press A, navigate. Everything can be accessed in it's current state, but it's very slow in these menus.Other than my minor criticisms about the character designs and controller support, it's a decent game to fall asleep to."
,Recommended,407330,23590469,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,borisvolodnikov,"It's like pokemons, except instead of little monsters you catch waifus. Also, you can hit a lady so hard her clothes comeclean off, which is a box too few games check these days."
76561198156522276,Recommended,407330,28810554,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Library,"Look, I was gonna go easy on you and not to hurt your feelingsBut I'm only going to get this one chanceSomething's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know whatIf that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble,And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chancesYou were just what the doctor orderedI'm beginning to feel like a failure to my parents, failure to my parentsAll my people from the front to the back nod, back nodNow who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?They said I rap like a robot, so call me RapbotBut for me to rap like a computer must be in my genesI got a laptop in my back pocketMy pen'll go off when I half♥♥♥♥♥♥itGot a fat knot from that rap profitMade a living and a killing off itEver since Bill Clinton was still in officeWith Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nut-sackI'm an MC still as honestBut as rude and indecent as all hell syllables, killaholic (Kill 'em all with)This slickety, gibbedy, hibbedy hip hopYou don't really wanna get into a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥match with this rappidy rapPacking a Mac in the back of the Ac, pack backpack rap, yep, yackidy-yacThe exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicingThat I'll still be able to break a mother♥♥♥♥in' tableOver the back of a couple of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and crack it in halfOnly realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the factHow could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs, feel my wrath of attackRappers are having a rough time period, here's a MaxipadIt's actually disastrously badFor the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece asI'm beginning to feel like a failure to my parents, failure to my parentsAll my people from the front to the back nod, back nodNow who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?Let me show you maintaining this♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't that hard, that hardEverybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like I have gotWell, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage and youthful exuberanceEverybody loves to root for a nuisanceHit the earth like an asteroid, did nothing but shoot for the moon sinceMC's get taken to school with this musicCause I use it as a vehicle to bust a rhymeNow I lead a new school full of studentsMe? I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac N--W.A, Cube, hey, Doc, Ren, Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got SlimInspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a positionTo meet Run DMC and induct them into the mother♥♥♥♥in' Rock n'Roll Hall of FameEven though I walk in the church and burst in a ball of flamesOnly Hall of Fame I be inducted in is the alcohol of fameOn the wall of shameYou ♥♥♥♥ think it's all a game 'til I walk a flock of flamesOff of planking, tell me what in the ♥♥♥♥ are you thinking?Little gay looking boySo gay I can barely say it with a straight face looking boyYou witnessing a massacreLike you watching a church gathering take place looking boyOy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say looking boyYou get a thumbs up, pat on the backAnd a way to go from your label everyday looking boyHey, looking boy, what you say looking boy?I got a ""hell yeah"" from Dre looking boyI'mma work for everything I haveNever ask nobody for♥♥♥♥♥♥ get outta my face looking boyBasically boy you're never gonna be capableTo keep up with the same pace looking boy'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a failure to my parents, failure to my parentsAll my people from the front to the back nod, back nodThe way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, NascarDale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash GodKneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, AsgardSo you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent, I'm omnipotentLet off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs I'm totin'And I should not be wokenI'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floatingBut I got your mom deep throatingI'm out my ramen noodle, we have nothing in common, poodleI'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupilIt's me, my honesty's brutalBut it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do thoughFor good at least once in a whileSo I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodleEnough rhymes to maybe to try and help get some people through tough timesBut I gotta keep a few punchlines just in case cause even you unsignedRappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtimeI know there was a time where once IWas king of the underground, but I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grindSo I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combineAppeal with the skin color of mineYou get too big and here they come trying to,Censor you like that one line I said on ""I'm Back"" from the Marshall Mathers LPOne where I tried to say I take seven kids from ColumbinePut 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a nineSee if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I'veMorphed into an immortal coming through the portalYou're stuck in a time warp from 2004 thoughAnd I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ that you rhyme forYou're pointless as Rapunzel with ♥♥♥♥ing cornrowsYou're like normal, ♥♥♥♥ being normalAnd I just bought a new Raygun from the futureTo just come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad'Cause Fab said he looked like a♥♥♥♥♥at Maywhether's padSingin' to a man while they played pianoMan, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channelSo Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day""Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you""Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)Uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa you assuming I'm a humanWhat I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhumanInnovative and I'm made of rubberSo that anything you saying ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to youI'm never stating, more than never demonstratingHow to give a mother♥♥♥♥in' audience a feeling like it's levitatingNever fading, and I know that the haters are forever waitingFor the day that they can say I fell off, they'd be celebratingCause I know the way to get 'em motivatedI make elevating music, you make elevator musicOh, he's too mainstreamWell, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse itIt's not hip hop, it's pop, cause I found a hella way to fuse itWith rock, shock rap with DocThrow on Lose Yourself and make 'em lose itI don't know how to make songs like thatI don't know what words to useLet me know when it occurs to youWhile I'm ripping any one of these verses diverse as youIt's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' youHow many verses I gotta murder to,Prove that if you're half as nice at songs you can sacrifice virgins too uh!School flunkie, pill junkyBut look at the accolades the skills brung meFull of myself, but still hungryI bully myself cause I make me do what I put my mind toAnd I'm a million leagues above you, ill when I speak in tonguesBut it's still tongue in cheek, ♥♥♥♥ youI'm drunk so Satan take the ♥♥♥♥ing wheel, I'm asleep in the front seatBumping Heavy D and the Boys, still chunky, but funkyBut in my head there's something I can feel tugging and strugglingAngels fight with devils, here's what they want from meThey asking me to eliminate some of the women hateBut if you take into consideration the bitter hatred that I hadThen you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situationAnd understand the discriminationBut ♥♥♥♥ it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade thenBut if I can't batter the women how the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to bake them a cake then?Don't mistake it for SatanIt's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseasAnd take a vacation to trip a broadAnd make her fall on her face and don't be a retardBe a king? Think not, why be a king when you can be a failure to your parents?10/10 would copy paste rap god lyrics again."
,Recommended,407330,24144057,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Spookerton Noz'Goth,"Big, Bouncy, Wonderful, Beautiful Plot.Needs more tissues 7.8/10"
76561198113760521,Recommended,407330,33215233,Posted: 3 July,all,egabbac,"Oh,that's good!"
,Recommended,407330,23428520,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,StabYourBrain,"Story is okay, gameplay is simple and not that deep until you spice up the difficulty a bit.Visuals are very nice and there are a lotta boobs.Take it for what it is.. hentai. Install that filthy little uncensore patch and you're good to go :PNot that i would suggest actions like that.. :wololo:"
,Recommended,407330,23491515,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,TheGlitchyPony,"I finished the game in under 3 hours, I believe I have the world record time  right now :p"
76561198048648905,Recommended,407330,24146456,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,That Comic Guy,"My hand hurts and I'm all out of tissues.9/10 would ""play"" again"
,Recommended,407330,25993069,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Tsunamisan,If you lik  clasic  games lik Phantasty start  1 and 2  and thos old retroi games  you will love this one.  The  ability to form your own party from monsters you defeat is a nice touch.The game is fully playable with just the mouse  which is very nice.  Asssuming you dont play with a game pad =)  all movments have  button yu can click if you don't want to stay at the keyboard.No cons yet.  So far i love the game.  =)
,Recommended,407330,27521518,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Exostretch,"I came (Literally) for the nudity and such, but this game has surprisingly good story. Each character has thier own fears and thoughts, and it isn't a shallow LOOK AT THE♥♥♥♥♥♥game like some other Sakura titles (Sakura angels)"
,Recommended,407330,25045066,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,omni homeless,i got this game on sale and just expected the average visual novel but it is a great game and novel id recomend it 7/10 but no true love at the end still great its worth the 20$
76561198153795710,Recommended,407330,27918999,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FafnirChaos,"Fun dugeoun crawler, also has aspects of other games. Pick it up if your interested, or when its on sale"
76561198178103127,Recommended,407330,24536875,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mai | trade.tf,"There's a preb inside all of us, this game is a proof of it's existence and if it's in your account means FBI should be knocking on your door any minute now..."
76561198052324369,Recommended,407330,27304007,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jirashithewishmaker,Simply Awesome.  Sakura games never seem to disappoint me.
,Recommended,407330,26874971,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CokeOhNut,Pokeman+♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sakura Dungeon
76561198087019152,Recommended,407330,26326755,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Insecticide,Fantastic mix between sakura style and classic rpg. Lacking in alot of areas but ultimately keeps the drive to finish.
76561198176775957,Recommended,407330,26556031,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Nysse-kun,"This game is damn nice. The gameplay is good, the story isn't bad and most of all the character desingns are pleasing to the eye. *wink *wink *nudge *nudge"
,Recommended,407330,26920374,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nyacake,Ultra  waifu 15/10
,Recommended,407330,26485019,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Daddison,Holy crap i didn't expect to play this for this longdamn i need a hobby...
,Recommended,407330,24235373,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,coldacid,A fun (and lewd) dungeon crawler RPG involving a neat Capture mechanic for adding party members. Quite yuri-rific!
76561198261320711,Recommended,407330,24266855,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,foxiesama998,"8/10 Way more than i would expect from a sakura game, 18+ patch is a must"
76561198021226900,Recommended,407330,30909259,Posted: 2 April,all,Smokezilla1,"There's nothing wrong with creeping around dungeons, capturing waifus, and then taking them back to a cell to make them your servant fighting in sexy combat. . . Is there?!?!?  No danger in sending my #1 waifu to spend some quality time with a Succubus. . . Right?!?!?  It's totally fine to send a warrior waifu into a dungeon wearing nothing but a bikini. . . Why wouldn't it be?!?!?Like this game far more than I thought I would.  Very addictive game which becomes even more addictive when you take the time (it's worth it!) to download the ""naughty patch"".  You'll never look at dungeon crawlers in quite the same way again!  CLICK!!!  BUY!!!  FAP!!!"
,Recommended,407330,27533697,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nimbull,It's fun in a relaxing way. Doesn't seem to crazy starting off and the simplicity of some things is refreshing. Fun game where the dialog is a little heavy in the dungeons at some places but it's easy to click spam your way through if it's something you don't want to bother with.
,Recommended,407330,29965632,Posted: 16 February,all,weirdphil,"This game is, quite better than I anticipated. The gameplay is styled like the old-school first-person perspective, grid-based, classic role playing games of yore. While there are no weapons or equipment to collect besides key items, consumables, etc... you can improve certain characters by completing little side missions that add more passive skills to said characters. You can find scrolls that will teach new abilities, but the real meat of the game is leveling up your characters, capturing monsters to bolster your party with more powerful characters, and defeating the floor boss on every other floor or so.  There are lots of Visual Novel-style events filled with dialogue and teasing, or straight up animu nudes provided that you are using the adult patch. What's more, there are harder difficulty levels to play and even mods made by the fans that can also turn the difficulty up even further if you're looking for a challenging game that also has bewbs. All in all, this is a very well-made game. Only reason I would dock any points from it would be the in-frequent typos and spelling/grammar errors."
,Recommended,407330,31181752,Posted: 16 April,all,Baka Chibi,"Well done Winged Could, you just made a game the third game I have played the most from my Steam library. Before I do start with the real review, I will say that you should download the uncensored patch if you really want the full experience. With that out of the way, let's talk Sakura Dungeon.Sakura Dungeon is a dungeon crawler, turn-based, hentai (with the uncensored patch), RPG where you have to guide your characters to the end of a dungeon because of two things: ""plot"" and story (if you get the joke, congratulations). The dungeon is divided into several sections to indicate progress and as your characters level up they will become stronger and you will replace them with new ones. The two protagonist are the only characters that can switch outfits, so the game offers several version of some of the ""monsters"". The story is a little bit better than what you would expect from a Sakura game, but the characters are really well made and have actual character growth. The game has a simple combat system, but its difficulty keeps it from getting stale (I played in hard and almost didn't grind so I was most of the time underleveled, but I had the most fun this way). The game has the same art-style as Sakura Spirits, Sakura Angels, Sakura Fantasy and Sakura Swim Club. The fanservice (or hentai with the patch) is what you would expect, just with monster girls instead of human ones mostly, and the game has good humor. In general, if you want a Sakura game with actual gameplay, or you are looking for a good anime game, or you just want a simple light-hearted RPG to play after you finished Diablo or Skyrim, then buy this game, download the patch and start a new game (I recommend in hard difficulty as it is the most fun for me).Warning: In case it was not clear enough: this game is not for kids because it has a lot of erotic content (and even more with the patch)!"
,Recommended,407330,35365837,Posted: 30 September,all,NinjaKittens,"11/10 -IGN, needed more boobs."
,Recommended,407330,33484534,Posted: 12 July,all,Karuto,"Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?, also known as Sakura Dungeon for short."
76561198167474582,Recommended,407330,31013139,Posted: 8 April,all,[RSE] DeathDeception,"So like i recommend this game 100% i appreciate the nose bleeds that this game gives me whenever i'm fighting a monster its like "" oh my (; "" It's worth the money trust me!"
76561198023716240,Recommended,407330,23413303,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Noko,"Best pokemon game ever.No but really the game is fun to play, and who doesnt love capturing bunnies and boars and slime girls that have massive♥♥♥♥♥♥Just buy it."
,Recommended,407330,28974205,Posted: 3 January,all,✰ Nyjako ✰,(^ω^)
76561198024930612,Recommended,407330,23423896,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,violentstreak,like pokemon but with t1tz.  Get the patch.
,Recommended,407330,23406259,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Dharengo,"It's nothing groundbreaking really. Mechanics-wise it's your average first person dungeon RPG. But the gameplay does have a few twists to it.Of course that's not what you're getting the game for. The story is what you'd expect of a Sakura game, as is the art *wink wink*.If you like pretty girls, have an 'animu' sense of humor, or both, you'll probably like this. Price is a little steep though, and I don't know exactly how much content there is."
76561198089432413,Recommended,407330,23633650,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ghostninja1994,"I Just got done beating this game and just one thought came too me when I did. This would make one hell of an anime sexier then queens Blade,A awesome story and characters like Yomi which as that Rais {From High School DXD} Attitude. The only I insist is do not hold back on the nudity and sensual themes to many anime suffer from that as is beside High School DXD Shows Nudity and that is show is awesome. Or  at the very least make a dating sim {Cough Huniepop} like this or a second one. Hell I would buy any of those."
,Recommended,407330,23601011,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,midandfeed,Nice!EDIT:https://denpasoft.com/patch0x.rpa
76561198118536774,Recommended,407330,23428774,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Azza909,This is so much fun lots of Game play hours very nice art designs and a all around fun experiance.
76561198076799500,Recommended,407330,24772653,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,spookhunter2012,"This has that might and magic feel to it with monster girls in it, its pretty good from my end."
,Recommended,407330,24113334,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LuGee,"I really like this game, because sience"
76561198300297476,Recommended,407330,23477023,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ThreeLeggedFeline,"Just finished the game...and I am surprised.I am surprised I enjoyed it as much as I did. When I bought this game I was expecting something pretty silly with lots of anime boobs all over the shop.I got that, but I also got a bit more. As a woman who likes hentai games, I've reconciled myself to most games having a male POV, so the all-female cast was rather refreshing. I found some of the characters pretty interesting, not simply buxom, which is not something I thought I'd be saying. I loved all the dialogue options and how much there was to explore (I installed the patch for the censored content btw).I love the use of the visual novel format too. My laptop is not built for gaming so I'm rather limited to what games I can play, so it was awesome to find a dungeon crawler which actually worked without frying my computer. I don't usually play these kinds of turn-based games, so I can't really comment on how it compares combat-wise to other games out there.My one criticism is there were points where the levels got a tad tedious (the boobs definitely helped though), but this is mostly because I am an idiot and couldn't work out what I was meant to do. I also had to abandon it at several points for reasons I shall not discuss further, but which anyone with a filthy enough mind will be able to guess.In short: if you don't like anime boobs, maybe not for you. If you do like anime boobs, give it a go!Also: Someone should do a 'do-not-fap' challenge with this thing. Seriously."
,Recommended,407330,25213641,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[LTTS] LOYAL TO THE SESH,Why?
76561197970955606,Recommended,407330,26008354,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[VR] Sphere,I stripped a boar of her clothes. 10/10
76561198104341003,Recommended,407330,26046304,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ctarl,"I feel ashamed, along with the patch. 10/10 will fap for it."
,Recommended,407330,26039079,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Captain Trips,"Gameplay is pretty basic, but if you have that special patch, you'll get what you're looking for"
76561198323350139,Recommended,407330,29664219,Posted: 2 February,all,Deathgod472,-_- i love the game but was promised a mature game wit nudity cloths terring not to be perverted or anything but i just dont like false advertisment so far the only tearing in cloths is a slight parting of shirts so unless steam is censoring the creations of other people (which is the equivilent of me going around in a museum with a hammer n chisle and hacking off the private parts of stone n marble works of art) there has of yet been any whats promised in descriptions of many games like this one to be seen all in all i love the game and didnt mind paying money for it what i do mind is paying money for a game with only half its content in it XP
,Recommended,407330,28723533,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Phill580,"Awesome Game, Its Basically Sexy Pokemon :D"
76561198105653688,Recommended,407330,28741430,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Brusen,"Pretty challenging and fun, requires some grinding though."
76561197982554752,Recommended,407330,28734565,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DragynRaken,"Win the Abysmal difficulty game with only Yomi and Ceri, LOL no challenge but boobs and nudes still ruleReplay whole game Abysmal difficulty using Ceri only. HOW?? All seeds give to Ceri (extra sell if cant give) and ALWAYS ALWAYS watch out for your AP. Your AP must not drop lower than your enemy. Remember high AP easy for you to hit, dodge, escape. To beat Succubus, Ceri must be level 16. To beat Anubis, Yomi use guard only and Ceri AP must maintain lower than Yomi. You should be able to use (Auto Battle) many time once pass level 20 and you can even use (Auto Battle) beat any Pyramid level and above, any boss, except Anubis"
,Recommended,407330,28683034,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,yes,This game is actually legit good xD and it's more than just a VNI spent $8 to get 500XP for 75 cards to complete this badge.Yeah...
76561198032415486,Recommended,407330,29661006,Posted: 2 February,all,Hazukichan,"I didn't really expect a game of the scale and detail that Sakura Dungeon turned out to me, but you've got to admit, more value for money is a pleasant surprise... no? They put some serious effort into making an actual first-person dungeon crawler -Shining in the Darkness was another good example of the genre. I found it enjoyable from start to finish, if a little grindy; this, sadly, is pretty much a staple of the game type. If there wasn't some grind, or elaborate floor designs, you could just walk from start to finish in one very boring line, couldn't you?All that said, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone with severe -or even mild- mammarophobia, or any other reason to want to avoid looking at breasts... if you don't find them attractive, for instance, or if you're the sort of snob who insists they must be seen IRL or else one is <Insert Slight Here>. Anyone who feels it is religiously wrong to look at breasts will be pleased to know that you need to download a patch to get your full money's worth on that front -but less pleased that I will now tell you all that this patch can be found on the internet, easily enough, along with installation instructions.The story isn't bad, the writing's pretty good -some annoying typos and grammatical errors in the latter half, but there's a lot of text and the dev team, as I understand it, was not huge. All things considered, it could be a lot worse. The main characters were enjoyable -caring, affectionate, reasonably classy. Even the naughtier scenes (again, patch needed) feel more affectionate and well-written than the half-butted junk you'd expect from... other forms of erotica. There's a very wide variety of monster girls to meet, fight and eventually befriend, as well.If games like this offend you, make sure to buy the game and then leave it idle for 20 minutes or so, so you can then write a joke review about playing with yourself. Or about how people are weeaboos. No, seriously, do it -you're only helping to fund what you claim to disdain so much. Or alternatively, if its existence bothers you so much, I don't know... Don't look at it...? Don't think about it? Or do you have some issues you need to resolve with yourself before you figure out how you feel about hentai?Summary: Not a bad dungeon crawler and not a bad assortment of hentai. Needs its adult patch. Pretty good, overall."
76561198145059631,Recommended,407330,34904173,Posted: 12 September,all,lolilover86251,pretty good
76561198107678873,Recommended,407330,25633418,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,5 inches into my waifu,Beating this game was the best accomplishment I ever made. This game is maze simulator with♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,407330,33055629,Posted: 30 June,all,SpitefulAi,"Good evening interested consumer on the fence about buying Sakura Dungeon, this is your boy EatDatNeko6969, and after playing this game about 30-45 minutes ago, I beat the kuso out of my chinko so god damn hard that I can't even feel my left leg. My left leg has went totally numb.And, mychinkohas also went totally numb, to the point that it feels weird when I go and urinate."
,Recommended,407330,28441172,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Venus,It's Good
,Recommended,407330,28335474,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ウイザードクイーン,I did eriting
76561198056789698,Recommended,407330,24244253,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Cpt Hentai,I love this game. 10/10 :^)
76561198153637527,Recommended,407330,24564529,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,InsanityOfRage,"10/10 IGN ""Not enough boobs"""
,Recommended,407330,28751775,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gavweb123,this game is fun to play and the charecters appear to over 18+ whitch is good though it can get challenging in parts and the leveling system dosnt make any sense for example im most rpgs all stats get raised or the player can do it manually how ever in this game that only happens every 5-10 level ups that is a lil disappointing but yeah good game 8/10
,Recommended,407330,33036754,Posted: 30 June,all,Foxmacro,cute female
,Recommended,407330,25802081,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,NoYzE,Very good Gameplay O_o
76561198188533971,Recommended,407330,26007318,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Apajache,10/10 Awesome
76561198313871607,Recommended,407330,30676529,Posted: 22 March,all,WILDFIRE,This game is SO GOOD!!! if there was a sakura dungeon 2 I'd buy it in a heartbeat *HINT HINT* but seriously this game is so good i loved it so much
,Recommended,407330,31777831,Posted: 15 May,all,DJHarmony,"I've always wanted to try a Winged Cloud Sakura game, but due to the visual novel style gameplay, I wasn't really interested. Here I find this one that is actually an RPG...granted it's not a very complex RPG, but it still has its perks. Not only does this game have very simplistic and easy to learn mechanics, but the Pokemon style capturing of all the different monster girls means you can arrange your party any way you'd like, making battles more dynamic. I also knew I wanted this one because it has an 18+ patch, and when it comes to visual novel style games, I prefer to look for ones with that patch. The story seems a bit basic, and the characters aren't super complex or deep, but they carry enough weight to keep you invested."
76561198173476303,Recommended,407330,23391631,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Nowarukuro,"Look, it's a hentai dungeon crawler, either you like it or don't it's up to you to decide if you want to spend your money on it. Also, to anyone who thinks this game is another Sakura Clicker, explain how exactly why? You do more in this game than just constantly click on a shiny girl until she disappears only to have another one in an interminable loop. Hell, you don't even click on the enemy to defeat them, you use skills which have little special effects unlike what Sakura Clicker has. I find this game enjoyable, but that's just me. By the way, I played the uncensored version from somewhere else so ignore the playtime that's displayed here on Steam."
,Recommended,407330,23382043,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ᅚᅚ,"Not normally into Sakura games, however, i do like dungeon crawlling and turn based combat, wich honestly, the only reason i picked it.have not advanced much in the story, the characters are a bit boring, but i do like the fact they wrote lines to generic monsters in some events if they are part of your party.i will only reccemand the game if you like Sakura related games, and dungeon crawlling."
,Recommended,407330,23623545,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TylerCU,"Hate to admit it, but I love this game.Highly recommended 9/10."
76561198004310606,Recommended,407330,23425034,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Cataclysm,So my party went looking for treasure. We found a room guarded by a catgirl... and... this game is awesome.
76561198008968667,Recommended,407330,23682617,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Frankencastle,"Fun game, its just a better version of demon master chris. if you look on the forums you can get the link to the mod to remove the censorship."
76561198025920513,Recommended,407330,24793256,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,HotBasio,great game
76561198201208359,Recommended,407330,23514949,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Snek,Too busy staring at the magnificent♥♥♥♥♥♥to write a proper review.69/10 would fap to again.
,Recommended,407330,23458252,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Hana,Game Of The Year 2016
76561198089409087,Recommended,407330,23368851,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rylander,To paraphrase:I saw...I conqured...I came.I spent money and dignity just to say that....Worth it.
,Recommended,407330,24351610,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Baery,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)It was a good game.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561197976794088,Recommended,407330,23373079,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Medli_,"This is a amazing game. The storyline is really good,Gameplay is really good i'm just gonna say it's a excellent game.I would definantly recommend this game.Sekai Projects & Winged Cloud you deserve a pat on the back."
,Recommended,407330,31797441,Posted: 16 May,all,AnimeEDM,Sakura gameBoobsIntense PlotDungeon version!?!?wow its SUPER FUN!
76561198020575563,Recommended,407330,23447489,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,BBQBaconBurger,"Kind of like Monster Girl Quest, but with less♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,407330,23421871,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,KingDogeThe3rd,This game is very good and combines sakura with fighting in a good way.
76561198072787915,Recommended,407330,23733468,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,KuroMiko,"Bought this game for research, I swear!Boobs/10"
,Recommended,407330,23832770,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JV,">Thought to myself about this game if I will buy it>Looked upon my wealth when I bought it>Choosing the hardest difficulty on first playthrough>Regretting that I chose the hardest difficulty a few hours in>Contemplated on the boobs that this game has given me>Reflected on my life when I finished itGood game, good story, great art, great boobs. (I want my life back)"
,Recommended,407330,23395169,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Robin,"*sees in featured the other day**panics to get money**Buys and installs**proceeds to play for hours*To be honest, I've enjoyed the game more for the story and the actual gameplay than the porn that comes with it. That's just an extra bonus. xD"
76561198134087863,Recommended,407330,30629468,Posted: 19 March,all,Expanda71593,awsome game
76561198362730274,Recommended,407330,33747865,Posted: 23 July,all,Senpai's Hentai Emporium,Great game
76561198062710598,Not Recommended,407330,31202138,Posted: 17 April,all,Thenais,"compared to stranger sword city, this title is pretty empty.no itemisation, no replay value, no transition between tiles, no tactics,this is all anime babes and nothing else."
,Recommended,407330,23844508,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Alternate Machiko,"oh yes!,RAISE THE BAR!"
,Not Recommended,407330,23939961,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HANGING FAIRY,simple gameplay and big ol boobas. its kinda worth the cost but i mean why play the game when u can just find all the CGs on the internet.
,Recommended,407330,32749937,Posted: 24 June,all,When you stub your toe,Wonderfull game 10 out of 10 would buy again.
,Not Recommended,407330,24500463,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,N~,"I understand that it's supposed to be fap material, but between the garbage story and extremely difficult bosses (not to mention bugged achievements that will not reward you after many hours of work) I can tell you that it's just another 'sakura game'. That is to say, they are trying to sell you with fan service and good art while lacking in nearly every other area of what makes a game good. After beating Sakura Dungeon all I feel is regret. Fap to something else, and certainly for the love of god play something else."
,Recommended,407330,25769526,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ceri,hell.... could it be better?1000000000000000000000000000L1/10
76561198132492931,Recommended,407330,23373918,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ソウルシルバー,I just play it for the plot....
,Recommended,407330,23370066,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,∆ iSubaruu,Now that i'v beat it 5 times i think ill start playing the gameHow to get 18+ patchstep 1..hold breathstep 2. download thishttps://denpasoft.com/patch0x.rpastep 3. die
,Not Recommended,407330,24278549,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ΩCheshireSH̶R̴̷O̶OMॐ,"This game's product page is lacking in reviews written by adults who are sexually active. I have seen a variety of these Sakura games pop up into my Steam feed lately, and I was curious to what they were all about. I took a chance on this title as it wasn't the ""visual novel"" style. I added the 18+ patch for this game, because why the ♥♥♥♥ not.Some reviews praised the story. I've never been all about stories in video games, but this doesn't actually have one. You are some fox-woman, and for some reason not clearly explained, you have to go rip the clothes off other animal women in your old dungeon home... or something. There is a ton of dialgue, but it's campy and nonsensical. I ended up turning on the skip option on dialouge pretty damn fast. It's boring.This product page lists this FPS dungeon crawling with ""catch em all"" kind-of mechanics, and even that is dry and boring. The combat system (to be fair I was playing on normal difficulty) can use the auto function in this game as easily as the dialog. The game warns that auto combat won't be making the best descions, but I still steamrolled all the battles.The only redeeming part of this game is the cartoon ♥♥♥♥♥ pics you can unlock, which is great if you've never seen them in real life, or can't manage to find better hentai online. The booby pics are pretty vannila, like you might be graduating from the bra adds in magazines.If you are an adolescent reading this review, yes you should be embarassed playing this. Go outside, practice pick-up, work towards self-improvement, and learn to have the stones to ask women out.TL;DR The ""gameplay"" mechanics of the title are overstated in the product page. The reviews are somewhat unclear, but seems to be all written by pre-pubescent teens. This is not a game, but a way for adolescents to see cartoon♥♥♥♥♥♥without their parents knowledge."
76561198161847632,Recommended,407330,23393052,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Child Pornography,Need trading cards for fun times.
76561198006714408,Not Recommended,407330,25087119,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Big Dick Bazuso,"Grab a bunch of lesbians, a♥♥♥♥♥♥story, half of a dungeon crawling engine, and you basically have Sakura Dungeon. Lets be real for a second, we all know who it is that's giving this ""game"" positive reviews, and that's 12 year old boys and sweaty nerds that haven't yet discovered Google. For shame Winged Cloud, for shame."
,Recommended,407330,34322885,Posted: 18 August,all,Arzt,animal ♥♥♥♥♥s
76561197961115948,Recommended,407330,23416659,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,skulk2fade,"Hey guys, I really liked this game, would definitely recommend it."
76561197989467681,Not Recommended,407330,29665653,Posted: 3 February,all,Foxfire9,Load of BS hyped up slideshow.
76561198043365545,Recommended,407330,23373830,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Soviet Union,usually i buy these games for the visual novels but this game is so hot and good to pass up
,Recommended,407330,23374526,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Suisei,When I bought this game:-My wallet cried-My mother cried-My♥♥♥♥♥♥cried
,Recommended,407330,23383460,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bot Harvey + Bot Einer,I like boobsI like rpgI like pokemonI love Sakura Dungeon
76561198361343260,Not Recommended,407330,30658203,Posted: 21 March,all,ayeayecaptain,Frequent crashes make the game unplayable.  Even after you try to quit the game says it still running forcing you to close the game by ending the steam process in the task manager.Avoid!
,Recommended,407330,23373459,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Zin,xD
76561198152612290,Not Recommended,407330,24146296,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,blinko,no nudity. rip
76561198030228883,Recommended,407330,23377613,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,White4Fox,Better then Uncharted 4.
76561198073994062,Recommended,407330,23377425,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kurai Vision,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) The art in this game is astonishing ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198108041899,Recommended,407330,23368213,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,҄Senῤᾰἰ - Sϲotty,"Oh boi, another game...Well time to catch every single girl I can... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) As I mean by that I obviously meant to battle along side me right? right? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,407330,23367963,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mr.TheHalocrusher,"Well, there goes my life."
,Recommended,407330,25722693,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Perzuu,"Well anime is ♥♥♥♥ing gay, but hey we gotta oppai here))  10/10"
76561198125836164,Recommended,407330,23368209,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Atena,you play and collect anime girls and fap at them :D
,Not Recommended,407330,30134852,Posted: 23 February,all,cooltigerdud,not what I wanted to play
,Not Recommended,407330,31181925,Posted: 16 April,all,Kiwi,Accidentally played too long and could not get a refund
76561198325731030,Not Recommended,407330,31924801,Posted: 23 May,all,WickedSoul,If you played any of Sakura games before...It's pretty much the same...
76561198241915952,Recommended,407330,24950402,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,i_like_quarians,"Tbh i enjoyed it, some of the fights require thinking and some grinding is required to get past certain areas but for what it is, its pretty good. Yomi also would make a great waifu."
,Recommended,407330,24939173,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Grnd91 (Gurunde Armkrumpa),"I bought this game for the gameplay and story, tru faxIn all seriousness, Sakura Dungeon is not a bad dungeon crawler. It has some neat mechanics (continual HP regen, the AP & CP system, torn clothes reducing HP regen, etc.) and a fairly interesting story. Though I have to say that some of the character design is...strange to me (the bunnies' ears don't look like bunny ears for instance) but otherwise, it serves its purpose as a Sakura game in that they are sexualized busty chicks with animal features, or just regular ""human"" ladies.In the end, all one can really say after playing this game is, ""OH GOD WHAT AM I DOING WITH MY LIFE!""and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,407330,24986455,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Nekurakodoku,it is what it is and nothing more
,Recommended,407330,24993371,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Not iSypa,This ******* game man.It's my first actual RPG and its actually very fun and good.That uncensored patch tho... man i never thought a game like this would be so... like this.I also love that this game seems like it will take a long while to finish.20/20
76561197971825176,Recommended,407330,27004125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bites,This game thoughtfully supplies multiple methods of one-handed play.
,Recommended,407330,27446489,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Holy Diver,"Nominating for ""Best use of a farm animal"" award."
76561198003027019,Recommended,407330,27862514,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,yanksfan1973,"Still not sure I`m a fan of the Visual Novel genre as a whole. That said, games like this that are more than just a choose your own adventure (though only slightly more) are more intriguing. A smattering of RPG mechanics (and creepily hot artwork) distracts you from all the reading. A decent starting point for sick ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who want a little game with their guilty pleasures."
,Recommended,407330,28035170,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Yuuki (Aleksandra ♥),"Alright, after 5 hours playing this game I think I'm ready to write this review. So far I've played 2 games in the Sakura universe (Sakura Space and Sakura Fantasy) so when I was this one during the sales (-20% that's a good deal Kappa) I was like ""Meh why not give it a try"" and I'm not disappointing ! I really like the exploring mechanics and the combat are good (nothing exceptional here). The characters are very well drawn, same thing for the environment. And it has waifus so if you're looking for that kind of game,  go ahead !"
,Recommended,407330,26491646,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[TiN] Frosty,"Amazing game, I felt like walkthroughs did help with missing quests, I wish that some things were more visible, second I love that it proveds and amazing challenge. I know that when one walks into the game the only first thing they can think about is boobs and anime girls, but there is more to the game then meets the eye. I really enjoy the turn style based fighting, one thing I wish was that the game would not limit seeds, what I mean by is that seeds/ the seed type can keep on adding on rather than what the game has which are sizes for the seeds, which then would eliminate the chance for a player to get really stronger so that they can stand a better chance in the game. One thing that is well provided is making monster levels higher then the player on a typical floor so that the player is forced to fight more fights to be able to even get through that level by going back to previous levels which also allows for the player to capture more monsters. I wish that there where more warping circles, like one on each level so you could warp back to home, because I found that it was kind of annoying to have to walk through a whole floor again just because I wanted to organize my party. The CG's or acheivements are good, but I wish they told you every CG, and second the recruiting of captain Bonny was broke or maybe I just lost it, and sencond I hate how to unlock the dual souls acheivement you have to beat annubis when you aquire it after deafeating her on her first life."
,Recommended,407330,28797415,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Goeli,Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?The game.
76561198035150567,Recommended,407330,28905074,Posted: 1 January,all,Brian,"First download the censorship removing patch. Then play to unlock the pics. Average dungeon crawler, nice pictures. If you like nudity and lesbians and simple rpgs this is it. Only problem was that all the girls look exactly the same."
76561197993842022,Recommended,407330,31709964,Posted: 12 May,all,Shanezi,"It made me smile every time I critted twice in a row.  A much better graphics, way hotter, Eye of the Beholder."
,Recommended,407330,31772778,Posted: 15 May,all,versiontwenty,Great gameplay and art assets!
76561198051384139,Recommended,407330,33355127,Posted: 7 July,all,unkn0wnx,"Lots of fun characters dialog and nudity.  Well designed game, they put in lots effort.  Worth a try if you like RPG or just like this kind of game.  And no DLC like some money grabbing companies (yet)."
,Recommended,407330,23443689,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Blaz,"Bought for Memes, Played for Meme... Competed because shockingly addictive and I have a hard time justifying it to friends when I played this more than the Witcher 3 though I'll get around to that game eventually"
76561198296468109,Recommended,407330,33621256,Posted: 17 July,all,Pvt. Jon,This game is a really well made rpg with fanservice you get your moneys worth. Only problem is there is a bug I found which makes the game impossible to countinue. WTF I LOST LIKE HOURS OF PLAY TIME GRRRRR.
,Recommended,407330,33471887,Posted: 11 July,all,Ryouta,Its actually a game compared to others. Not half bad either.
76561198164207640,Recommended,407330,33675978,Posted: 20 July,all,Orkhon-Khan,If you did play Pokemon and watch Sekirei anime series or saw pokemon gijinkas you possibly asked yourself why there is no game about this? Yes some pokemon tohou hacks are exist but they are far from be sexy as gijinka fanarts or Sekireis. If you dreamed a game like that at least once this is for you. I must be honest it can be better with more sprites (at least if they did add back sprites for our fighters it could be awsome) but even now its not bad and very enjoyable if you bought it from sales and didnt pay full price. Also you can find nude pacthes on developers web site.
,Recommended,407330,33707850,Posted: 21 July,all,General StarBurner,"As of this review, I have completed the main story on the hard difficulty setting (don't mind the lack of achievements saying so, the restoration patch seems to screw up some of the achievements).Sakura dungeon is a grindy, build-your-own team dungeon crawler. It doubles as an h-game, so don't expect an amazing/emotionally moving story. However, you can at least expect something to keep you tied to the game until the very end.In regards to the gameplay; there are alot of things this game did right. For one, the challenge of assembling a formidable team at the beginning of the game was one of the most enjoyable parts of this whole experience. Until you obtain (or level up) some powerful characters you get later on in the game, choosing which monsters to bring into the dungeon was a unique experience. Each character has their own set of active and passive skills; and unless you're really lucky, those skill scrolls that you find in chest only come once in a while so you better make them count!There is a fine balance between the three 'types' of attacks: melee, ranged, and magic. Although I did not find myself using ranged characters often, I found that fine tuning my team to fight off all types of enemies as I progressed through the dungeon was very enjoyable. You may find that one skill is unarguably straight-up better than another, but that character may have better stats/other skills that fit with your team. Overall, the team-building and combat system is balanced and I enjoyed it thoroughly.My greatest gripe with this game is that it's as grindy (perhaps a bit less) than other dungeon crawlers I have played. At least for the hard difficulty setting, it's fine to fight the floor boss while being underleveled; Afterall, it's 6 against 1. As a sexy feminized version of Ash Ketchum, I want to collect all the monsters in the game so I can build the best team possible. It forces the player to use Ceri (or another character later) to be the same level of what you want to capture. This means that the game pretty much forces to use Ceri/whoever with capture always on your main team to soak up all the XP. At least Ceri eventually becomes one of the strongest characters in the game, but you may not use another character with the capture skill on your main team always. The game could've mitigated this by increasing the XP or having a fair-share of XP among all monsters in your party (The master skill, the one that does exactly this, is only for one character and it's still a tiny amount!)Overall, this is a great dungeon crawler to sink 30+ hours into. As a plus, most of the characters are pretty charming and they made the character development of a few characters actually legit. I don't plan on playing through the other sakura games as I enjoy my eroges with either real gameplay or an interesting story, but I can highly recommend this game if you don't mind the once-in-a-while tireless grinding.Grinding still not as bad as some games though. Choke on my chewed flavorless gum Disagaea."
76561198184944639,Recommended,407330,34840804,Posted: 9 September,all,Atmos♦,Erotic Sexy!!!!!!! Can satisfy your eyes (>_<)
