user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,407560,26337697,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 7.4 / 10Quality7.7/10Decent Quality (+ active devs)Performance8/10Good, but fps may drop on long runs (restarting game helps);1 crash in ~15hrsUtility7/10A few bugs with enemy paths; Saving is only possible between stages;No steam cloud saveControls8/10OK, but too unprecise controls for some of the optional trap rooms;No controller supportGameplay8/10An action-packed FPS-roguelite - Cheap and cheesy, but fun!Challenge8/10Fair; A few room/boss difficulties seem unbalanced though;Has some really mean ""bad items""!Content9/10The dungeon takes ~2hrs to finish; High replay value:every run is different + a lot of achievements to be earnedDiversity8/10Procedurally generated rooms and floors, many random items & weapons;Enemies a bit repetitive in both design and behaviourImmersion7/10Almost no story; Blow stuff n' enemies up and maybe get hooked,if you like fps or roguelikes; long runs can become tenseDesign6.4/10Some nice design ideas, but very simple level designVisuals7/10Icons are well designed, weapons look cool; graphics mediocreRepetitive room textures and enemy modelsSound6/10Only few, cheesy oneliners and character expressions;SFX OK; Cool boss songs (Rock/Metal)Texts6/10Funny item descriptions with many references to other games,but almost no story; Good localizationMapping5/10Levels are randomized, but seem like designed with an level-editor;Small rooms, repetitive room content & layoutsInterface8/10Nice HUD for a budget fps; Simple,easy to navigate menusTested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzNvidia GTX 970 (4GB)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDSettings: High/UltraIf you liked this review check out myarchiveand see how other games scored!"
,Not Recommended,407560,26207483,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Master Indigo,"NOTE: THERE SEEMS TO BE HIGH AMOUNT OF FAKE REVIEWS:If you go looking into the reviews, you can see fake reviews everywhere. 0.1 hours played, and praising the game like god.So clearly either the dev or someone else has made these accounts for reviewing the game, to have a higher review score.As for my own review: I don't think the game is bad, but this fake review thing needs to stop. Clearly the game is not perfect. Gunplay is pretty bad, enemies are simply stupid, and you get stuck in objects. But I enjoyed playing it. Graphics are pretty good, and with some polishing this could be a very good game.Framerate never dropped below 100 with my GTX 1070. Most of the time it ran between 100-200 fps.Please, just delete the fake reviews, and I can turn my review into positive, because I think the game deserves a recommendation, even with it's flaws."
,Not Recommended,407560,26145892,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,CaptainDaws,"Alright after playing this game enough I feel like I can confidently say, this game isn't worth it, it tries to do a lot of things at the same time but ultimatle none of them are executed well enough to be enjoyable. It's not an awfull game it's just not fun.And yes if you're woundering an hour is enough to see almost everything this game as to offer. It's that repetitiveThe ProsThe Music is GoodThe style is interestingThe game runs alright, but honestly the fact that that is something of praise you can see how much I'm fishing for good things here.The consEverything else.This game has very little of good, look I gotta admit I was really looking foward to this game but the worst part was not that it didn't meet my expectations the worst part is it was just terrible and I really wanted to see this game do well.Why you should avoid this gameIf you're familiar with any fair use assets, you'll instantly recognise a ton of things in the game. Honestly that's a huge mood killer for me, seeing the same enemy I've seen in a ton of other unity games showing up in this game playing stock animations exacly the same as they did in those other games is just bad. The worst part is they look completly out of place and totaly kill the style of the game.The Gunplay and gameplay is some of the worst I've ever seen, the devs say all of these are ""design choices"" but they are terrible design choices here are some examples:-This game is like you're playing as an xcom sniper, an enemy might be in the exact center of your crosshair it's body completly in it and you can still miss;-Start the game at 50% hp;-Aiming down the sights drains stamina, even faster then sprinting, and not just that but it also makes you move at a snail's pace;-Enemy's have no thought behind them and most of them are just reskins of eachother;-Negative Accurary, not only can you not Aim down the sights because it's suicide, if you hipfire your accuracy is non existent;-Traps that completly kill the flow of combat;-Negative power ups that literally make the game unplayable, positive power ups that literally do nothing. Per example there's a power up that literally makes the game unplayable because you can't see due to abberation, meanwhile positive power ups are something like +1% speed;-Forced popularity system for some actions. Why does entering a main room remove popularity, a room that you are forced to go into to proceed. Now I can see the though behind this ""Oh it's soo people don't rush the game this way there's a penalty"" what the devs probably didnt really think about is every single other rogue-like in the world figured this out before, rushing is already a disadvantage since you already loose up on items, money, health and all of that from not going into the side rooms;-Clipping errors. You can get stuck really easely and fall through the world;-No invulnerability frames;-Some of the worst artificial difficulty I've ever seen. The game isn't organically hard, what the game does to make itself hard is spawn a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of enemies with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of health. These enemies either explode when killed, rush you and melee you to death or they apply some random annoying debufs;-Now imagine all of that in a small room with traps everywhere to just make strafing and moving even harder, and again remember you cant actively sprint and aim at the same time because then you'll run out of stamina and just be an easy target. It's true that in the later rooms the arenas get bigger but so do the enemies get stronger and more annoying;-It's a forced rogue-like, levels are always the same, rooms are always the same, weapons are always the same, enemies are always the same, this game only has permadeath and random power ups the bare minimum.-Impossible comeback potential, if you're having a bad run you're forced to restart because the game penalises you for using health, ammo, money and armor stations and opening chests, which you need keys for in the first place and beat a stupid minigame. If you aren't doing well you're just gonna keep getting pummeled lower and lower by the game, even forcefully giving you negative power ups;-The worst lockpicking. You can't even enjoy the satisfaction of opening a chest;This game had a lot of potential and if the devs try they can still make it a good game but right now it's not, there are better fps rogue-likes in the market then this one. And if you want a list of some : Ziggurat, Tower of Guns, Fancy Skulls, Paranautical Activity and  Polygod all of these are miles ahead of this game even fancy skulls in it's current state is a better game then this game."
,Not Recommended,407560,26174908,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Gutterpunk,"WARNING: The system specs are all out of whack in the description. This is a highly unoptimized Unity game. It is slow, it is buggy, it loads for ages and half of the loading sequence has no loading indicators. Props stop your movement, the room are badly designed, it's a mess. Couch cushions lying on the floor trip you, matresses 5x the size next to it do not. Wondering why you can't walk anymore? Look at your feet... its either a trap or you are stuck behind an irrelevant ankle high scenery props.I've seen less buggy games in Early Access. People saying it just came out and to wait for them to iron out to bugs are just making a farce of what Steam should be. This game is *buggy*.Most of the rooms are the same. They pretend is random, but rooms have all the same props at the same place. Out of 9 rooms making the typical 1st level, you'll have 6 that are the same. And I don't just mean the decor, I mean that they have all the same couch cushion in the same corner of the room, all the same old matresses in the other, etc.The game open to a dumb video *every times you start it*, which won't stop playing it while loading the game. I got a ""hint"" message on the loading screen telling me this was probably the last loading screen my character would ever see (on account of the game being soooo hard), only to realize it was the loading screen for a 1 room scene to teach me to touch the secretary or something. It wouldn't be so bad if loading didn't take so long.This game is not ready for prime time, and we are the alpha testers. It's frustrating to find messes like this on Steam.I'm pretty sure all the voices are made with some sort of Text To Speech too.Maybe I'll come back later and change this review, in 6-8 months, which is how long the launch of this game shoud have been delayed for."
,Not Recommended,407560,28872647,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dr. Jonny,"Don't get me wrong - I love challenging games.But only as long as they're in some ways fair.Imagine the following:You're playing the game for some time.You get on the 7th of 8 floors, so you're basically about to win after lots of tries.You randomly get a debuff which makes your game ""retro-style"".Unlike Binding of Isaac, where this defbuff is also present, you cant see anything in this game. Just moving Pixels.And yes, it lasts until the end of the game.You need to aim in order to kill specific enemies ? Nope. Not with this debuff - ""♥♥♥♥ you and your progress""The ""bad items"" Idea itself is atleat as old as Binding of Isaac 1, but this game manages to ♥♥♥♥ it up big time.There's no real ""Aw ♥♥♥♥, I could have made that better"" moment like in other roguelikes, you're basically doing fine until youget on of these (I'd say about 40% of the bad items) gamebreakers and you're done -> No real progress -> No fun.Long story short: If you're expecting a challenging roguelike like Binding of Isaac, Necrodancer, Ziggurat etc. etc. - You might think this game is meant for you.- DONT fall for it. I made this mistake and wasted 10 Bucks.Better get yourself some Icecream and throw it at random people on the streets if you want to waste your money."
,Recommended,407560,28865836,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Randy Stair,Killing Floor with an extra 4 Killing Walls and a Killing Ceiling.
,Recommended,407560,26169767,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,JayDad,"I quite love this game its alot of fun but a few things are ""wrong"" with it.Honestly I dont think its anything wrong its what the game is and how it plays.Pros:Great graphicsGreat flow and movementReplayablity every game is differentFans can vote so great and perfect for Twitch (I'm a streamer so this was a big selling point for me)ConsTerrible aiming (a stat you have to put points into to actually be able to hit)Aiming takes stamina which is also needed to runTraps while theyre what the game is about can often be a huge pain 1 trap can ruin a run basicallyNegative items (some of these just make you lose like the Pixel vision)The mystery box like most of the items you get are negativeNo idea if you have unlocked anythingIts a wonderful game that im sure alot of people are annoyed about aspects from it but i find really make the game like the having to fire from the hip cause aiming is too risky.Keep up the great work guys cant wait to see what you add to the game"
,Not Recommended,407560,26151407,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Shrike,"The actual core of the gameplay is decent, dodging enemies and there are some cool ideas but in a shooter gunplay is key, and the gunplay feels awful. There is no hit regristration, you dont see if you hit, the weapons are inaccurate as hell, animations look very bad especially when Aiming, and the healthbars are shared, so you never know enemy HP unless you have only one in target. If you get a different weapon, its empty in 2 seconds as you get only 3 magazines, which is enough for 3 enemies or half a room, while you never get ammo unless you spend popularity. Playing with the weapons dosnt feel good at all, and that is the main problem.From a dev, here my suggestions to make the game feel and play a lot better:- Add a generic enemy hit particle, like some sort of blood splash mist that is large enough to be easily visible- Add a hitmarker and hitsound so you know when you have hit something, also makes the game feel much better- Add a subtle and fast fading camera shake when you fire a weapon + setting for the options- Maybe just maybe add damage numbers (and increase size of the text popups that happen sometimes when you hit, its so small i never saw what it was, a crit?)- Give way more ammo for weapons so you can actually play with them instead of playing with the pistol 95% of the time- Make default pistol slightly more accurate and give 10 instead of 7 bullets, a glock actually holds 17 magazines in RL- Change healthbar to be over the enemies head and show it only when you have damaged it- Add a red number over your HP% that shows how much HP you lost when hit- I never used ads even as a mainly FPS player, make sure it is not too important for the game. Maybe give more accuracy when standing still similar to Counterstrike, allowing skillful stop and go- (Get a better muzzle flash for the weapons it looks pretty bad, check the unity asset store)- Normalize $ gain. Finding 150 from time to time does little if a simple MAC10 costs 4000 (which will probably be empty in seconds) A mystery box costs 100 meanwhile. Lower prices, less money from popularity automat, and more money found, so it is more balanced.With these or similar changes, the game could be actually a fun time, especially for the price.Hope that helps."
,Not Recommended,407560,26226035,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Aparts89,Its okay for a little while but you're pretty much killing the same enemies every floor just a different color which is the main issue of the game a lack of variety. Even for the price I'd say you're better off getting something else or wait until its even cheaper on sale.
,Not Recommended,407560,26175566,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Cooler Mann,"If you like stale memes, ugly enemies and the worst gunplay I've experienced in a long time rhis game is for you.If this would be a real game show it would've been canceled. It's that boring."
76561197962877867,Recommended,407560,28523110,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,smorris,I have to admit when I first purchased this game shortly after it came out on a whim I got bored with it quickly. However I recently gave it another shot and the amount of work the dev's have put into it is very noticeable. The game seems very well balanced where it is at and the performance issues I was having disappeared.Look forward to seeing what else they add to the game. The fact that the developers are as committed as they are to improving this game will keep me coming back. I get the same feeling playing this game as I did when I first started playing binding of isaac.
,Recommended,407560,30178132,Posted: 25 February,all,ミスター・ヘンタイ,"This is quite the concept, the idea is amazing. However there are a few things I can say about it1. The level editing could use some more randomization and more content2. There could be more enemies (Not enemy variations but more unique enemies)3. Rather than generating a link for every run, generate one for the player so they dont have to constantly reroll their link4. Character customization or maybe even just a randomization button for traitsMany people are heavily critiquing this game while I view it as unjust. This game is still within the first 6 months of release. Most people seem to have expected a Triple a title with everything they expect while proceeding to forget that this was a greenlight idea created but 3 people. There isnt a reason to avoid this game, you must simply understand that it is still new, give these people at least through the first six months to continue working on it prior to you telling everyone that it isnt worth it"
76561198141953050,Not Recommended,407560,32212116,Posted: 5 June,all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH,"terribly optimised, constant stutter and fps drops. it just feels laggy, which isn't good for a FPS.i have an i7 6700k, gtx 970, 16gb ram and 144hz monitori can safely say, the game feels awful.stay away from this garbage."
,Not Recommended,407560,26215853,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Wolfram & Hart,"[Currently reviewing new patches]Interesting premise, but the unforgiving difficulty and flawed execution hold this back. With some patches and updates, this could be a fun little game. Note: the over reliance on the starting pistol is a shame."
76561198149065809,Not Recommended,407560,26227440,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,klutzybear,"A game that tries to combine FPS and The Binding of Issac. Personally, I think it's a great idea that has a lot of merit, but the game itself is a little sub-par in the fun department.Does that make it a bad game?  No.    It has potential, it just needs a  bit more polishing in order for it to shine through.It's been listed before, but the main gripes I have with the game are:- Aiming shouldn't drain stamina.-I shouldn't be worried about chairs and tables blocking my way. The game already has enough traps laid out.-The first level is boring and needs a few more rooms and more power ups to make it more enjoyable. Especailly since when you die you'll end up seeing this part quite a few times.- Traveling through main rooms should not drain popularity.  Same goes for coffins, those are hard enough to  open, there shouldn't be punishment, especially for succeeding on a particularly difficult one.- power ups should be more wacky and useful, rather than just getting a boost in stats.- There's no controller support for this game.That last one is more of a personally gripe than anything else.   I know some people prefer having keyboard and mouse over controllers, but I honestly can't deal with how stiff my hands get when it comes to trying to play with a keyboard.With a controller, during fast paced action, I know what to do and where to go and how to play with my oppnent with ease.But with a keyboard, I just panic and get confused when I try to escape, only to find myself crouching instead. There's simply too many buttons on a keyboard for me to deal with.   Again it's a personally gripe, and I have nothing against people who can play computer games with keyboards.  All the more power to ya.I just can't hack it.Anyway, my advice would be for you guys to look a little closer at what makes Bindings of Issac so much fun and try to mend some of those enjoyable aspects of a game into this one."
,Recommended,407560,26195878,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Syntheticmedic,"I was afraid that I wouldn't like this game, but to my surprise I find myself playing this everyday.  Yes you start from the beginning every time you die, but with the random perks and random generated levels, its different with each life you throw away in the killing room.The only bad thing I could say about this game is the bugs it has, hopefully the devs could clean up the issue soon.  I have a Nvidia GTX 1060 that runs almost every game on high or ultra and this game I had to set to medium just so the frames wouldn't drop and glitch out dodging every devestating blow from the monsters.  It still looks good at medium anyways.  Just wish it was picture perfect.In conclusion, if you like FPS and something insanely fast paced.  I'd say give this a try, you might be as surprised that you love it like I do.========================Update 26 October, 2016======================Alright, not sure if it was the update that fixed my issues with my 1060 not wanting to run this game in ultra or if it was from the fine tuning I did with overclocking against a couple benchmark programs.  Anyways, the devs listened and gave us something to look forward to.  Shooting in the game isn't so much like a .38 special in reality anymore (for those that haven't shot a .38 special, you can't hit the broadside of a barn with it, trust me I missed a bottle from 10ft away).  With that said, much more enjoyable but still frustrating game.  All the snowmen can suck it, but those worms trying to enter my butt really do get annoying."
,Not Recommended,407560,29319717,Posted: 17 January,all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Target Audience:Desperate FPS players looking for Roguelike ElementsSummary:Killing Room's problems has to do with stamina. Not the stamina meter in the game, but how the game holds up on the 4th, 8th, and 10th run. It's alright the first time, but the lack of enemy and room variety starts to hurt the game really early on. It doesn't help that the base shooting gameplay is rather simple: too simple in fact. The lack of reasonable enemy AI and more advanced mechanics makes the game rather boring at the core gameplay.  I do like the roguelite mechanics with the game show theme, as it can lead to some hilarious situations with cartoon ponies and bad life choices with suicide booths. I do wish it was played up more in the presentation, but these mechanics had potential to really vault Killing Room into the solid indie game title category. But it's the lack of room variety and general variety in gameplay that kills it. When you have to face the same boss on the first floor every single time, and when the core gameplay is just that basic: it doesn't enhance the gameplay, it serves as a distraction. And that distraction isn't enough to pick up Killing Room.Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5u9zx5k3imgLists:Positives:It's got some hilarious moments. When you pick up an item and a cartoon pony starts coming across the screen. Or when you get an item that forces you to run all the time, and then all of a sudden, you've got to try to navigate a trap room with precision.Some of the trap rooms are a nice change of pace. When you run into a Wipeout like contraption, all you can do is laugh. And then realize that it keeps throwing you into spikes, and you have to take it seriously.Like the randomized stats and some of the items in question. It can lead to some interesting play styles, and isn't just random bonuses to the stats for the items.The popularity mechanic and its connection to consumables is actually well done here. You have to make smart decisions when to pick up items, and when to leave them and risk going forward so that you can get a good item.There's good ideas here. Individual mechanics have some good design decisions involved. With more time and some smoothing out,  I can see a game that can really help the genre and take it to new places.It's nice to see more games try to get audience interaction involved.Negatives:The basic shooting is....basic. Really basic. I mean, there's some ok enemies here, but the configuration of enemies and lack of enemy variety hurts the game over time. You've played FPS games like this before, and there's really nothing special in my mind about Killing Room's FPS element.Variety. When you're walking into the same room that you JUST came from, you realize that the pool of resources that the game is working off of is shallow.Gun variety isn't that big. There's the freeze gun and the dual SMGs....but most of the other weapons, despite looking different....feel the same. You don't get a real idea that a rifle is that much different then a pistol on any significant level. Sure, different damage and speed, but they don't feel different whatsoever.It's the implementation here that fails. The combination of all these items together just doesn't come together well. Some popularity items don't work well with the gameplay thematically. If I can only go into one room, and the audience hates that I went into the room....exactly what can the player do to react to that? It's those weird interactions that really don't help the themes of the game.Some really bad difficulty swings due to the items that drop. You can avoid them a tiny bit, but some of the items can really just kill a run without you being able to do anything about it. That's a roguelite in a nutshell....but it felt pretty bad here.Integrate Twitch into the game as opposed to using your own URL for audience interaction. Streamers really don't want the complication of multiple elements. Especially when the URL is randomized.Turn off the blur effect. No seriously, turn it off. Unless you like getting sea sick.Some questionable Visual implementation decisions here. A shockwave being clear makes “real life” sense, but strains the eyes when trying to play.Snowmen, worms, and zombies. Something just doesn't make a lot of sense in this world with its enemies."
76561198042071689,Recommended,407560,26880060,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ElectricCat,"Killing Room revolves around the same idea of Binding of Isaac, but puts a completely different twist on things, such as being in first person and having a popularity meter that can be either good or bad depending on what the player does throughout their journey. Having good popularity gets you good rewards, but having bad popularity gets you bad rewards and makes it harder to survive.This game has so much potential and has already proven in some of the updates already. The developers have already said that they have many ideas planned ahead, such as more items, room layouts, balances, and enemies types and groups. I have really enjoy playing this game and like the room variety and enemies. I think the idea with having everything randomly generated is really exciting since you never know what’s going to happen next. I can’t wait to see what the game adds next down the line.One negative about this game is the lag that accumulates as you progress over time, although a way to prevent this is to restart the game when it starts getting very laggy. But it’s still pretty frustrating to have to restart the game everytime it gets laggy. The developers already said that they know about this and are trying to fix this, and I’m sure with the passion they have towards this game, that it will hopefully be fixed in the future.Overall, I love the concept of this game and really enjoy playing it. The passion that is put towards this game from the developers is fantastic, they seem really eager to make their game as fun as possible for everyone to enjoy. I’d definitely recommend picking up this game."
,Recommended,407560,26238233,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Beareolas,"EDIT #1: Dev is patching the game constantly, and has already fixed many of the issues I mention below. All in all, everyone should support this Developer for having EXCELLENT support, great interaction with the community, and being very open about design choices and criticism about changes. That is so rare these days.EDIT #2: KILLING ROOM IS NOT A KILLING FLOOR KNOCK OFF. Say it with me. KILLING ROOM is not a knock off of KILLING FLOOR. Killing Floor is a co-op zombie horde shooter. This is a single-player roguelike FPS.NEW RATING: 9/10First and foremost, it's an absolute steal for even ten bucks (I got it for 5.99 on launch sale).It has everything I want from a roguelike - randomized floors, enemies, shops, weapons, traps, environmental objects (vending machines, exploding barrels and the like), along with a bit of the odds stacked against you.I can turn it on, play for fifteen minutes, and feel completely satisfied. It's like Nuclear Throne in that respect - it's fun isn't derived through long slogs of gameplay and grinding. It's simple, fast and fun.Here's where I take issue:My deaths and progression are seemingly meaningless. The game is a blast, but after I die, it simply goes to the main menu. What if there were unlockables? Better items, more sinister bad items, different weapons that can be unlocked? That would make it a lot more fun.Your death counter on the main screen counts every death as two deaths.Bear traps are instant death in the later levels. I understand that I'm supposed to be paying attention to everything all at once, but with a first person game, getting caught in a bear trap I can't see because my screen is flooded with enemies is not only frustrating, but almost not fair.Popularity is more or less meaningless. For instance, if I finish the first and second floor with positive popularity, I get nice items from the audience, and if I finish them with super low popularity, I get bad items. But even that is unreliable. Couple that with the fact that, if I'm on the next floor and I know I can't make it, I'll simply spend all my popularity trying to survive it, and screwing me over for the rest of the game, IF I survive. Make it more of a sliding scale, and give higher popularity rewards for bigger kills, slight boosts for finishing rooms with no damage, using explosive barrels, etc. An actual scoring system, if you will.Buy this game if you want a super interesting, first person rogue-like and are willing to forgive a little while the studio fixes it up. Buy this game if you want to have something fun to do in a few minutes of down time. Buy this game if you want to support an awesome small developer.8/10. Should things get fixed, 10/10, easily.Fast, fun, easy to understand, high level of difficulty."
76561198038856864,Not Recommended,407560,33286433,Posted: 5 July,all,Lov3Glov3,"To be fair, this is a great idea for a first-person shooter game. You can stream this to a live audience and the audience can influence the player's experience. That is a great idea. Unfortunately, without doing that, the game is already way too punishingly difficult. I started with only 40% health instead of 100% and the aiming is slow and very erradict. Also it's not like your character is super meaty or tanky, no you take damage just like any other game. Then the game punishes you for requiring more health or ammo that is very scarce to make the game even more difficult.Is this a great idea for a game? Hell yes. Could it have been a little better? Hell freaking yes."
76561198118711872,Recommended,407560,26262710,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dofolius,"This game has a lot of potential. If you want to play a game that has the doom feeling in a Binding of Isaac style, well then you should buy this game.The only bad thing i can say about this game is, you really need to be good at first person shooters. The difficulty is really high, especially when you reach the later levels.The Bosses look awesome and every single one has his own way to be challenged and they really are challenging.I only reached the 6th level, but I'm sure, the last 2 Bosses will be extreamly hard, especially when the difficulty is 102% or higher xDIn coclusion: Buy this game if you want a Challenge and you are good at FPS. If you are bad at FPS, don't buy it, because it really is a fast paste game."
,Recommended,407560,26194758,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Krieger,Anybody complaining about this game saying that aiming shouldnt take stamina and the traps are annoying and hp shouldnt start at 50% hasnt played the game long enough to even write a review. Its supposed to be a struggle and its all balanced around it. You unlock more things from every boss you defeat including aiming not taking up stamina so dont listen to these people with 3 pages of complaints and 90 minutes of play time. They are wrong.
,Not Recommended,407560,35341909,Posted: 30 September,all,Mutchy,Been abandoned by the developers unfortunately.
76561198275056869,Recommended,407560,26425519,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Scott-E-Cheese,"There are plenty of longer reviews you can look at, I am just gonna be brief.Pros:Dev's are active and game is getting updates quickly to get rid of issues players are having.A good rogue-like with run'n'gun mixed in, one other reviewer said it was a bit like The Binding of Isaac and Doom, I would agreeFair achievementsThe popularity system is good IMO, I have never had difficulty staying in the positive position and have been playing from the beginning.It is challenging at first, you won't master it immediately but when you get used to attack patterns and such with a good run you will enjoy it, but there are plenty of items, good but most commonly bad, that will make you have to change your tactics on the spot.For the most part rooms and enemies are balanced.Has the replayability you would expect of a rogue like, procedurally generated game.Cons:Several enemies are basically reskins of eachother acting only slightly or not at all differently. However these reskins most just have more or less health, there are still plenty of enemy types though to vary gameplay.From last I played there has not been any invulnerability time when attacked, so if you get trapped by a small group of enemies prepare to have quite a lot of health being lost.Still some visual bugs and glitches are still common, but these are getting quickly patched when they are found out.Some trap rooms are simply impossible to solve if you dont have the luck or you dont have a smartphone. If you get the smartphone requiring trap room here is the password:0923 or 0932, I forget which so just try them bothAnd thus concludes my review. It is an enjoyable game, and I recommend it, especially if you find it on sale."
,Recommended,407560,26145042,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sckiz1,This game is excellent and it is a bargain right now.Graphics are incredible and the gameplay mechanics are great such as movement and shooting.There are a few things that bugged me such as picking up interactive things such as tables and chairs and cabinets.On the first boss stage if the cabinet you hide behind falls you cannot pick it back up which is annoying.I reccomend this game to all who are Fragfest followers.
,Recommended,407560,26140133,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Zazz The Boy,"killing room is a pretty neat FPS roguelike where you kill extremely creepy enemies for the sake of surivial and pleasing an audience in a high octane, fight for your life reality show. the game is pretty cool at it's current state but it's got some issues.one of the big mechanics is the popularity meter; depending on what you do, the audience will give you either high popularity or low popularity. high popularity is important as it gives you good items at the end of each level; however, in order to keep high popularity you gotta do stuff that'll typically hinder progress, such as go explore side rooms, do crazy trick-shot kills, or take ""bad items"" that will lower stats or cause annoying side effects. your popularity lowers when you get free money, health, or ammo from vending machines, so it's a good idea to accumulate lots of popularity before healing up via a vending machine (because you're gonna need to heal up quite a bit).the game is really fun but the weapon mechanics are a little janky and take some getting used to; your main weapon is the pistol, as it has infinite ammo and you can't get rid of it. there's other weapons, like some crazy fast dual-uzis and a fly swatter, but typically you'll just resort back to the pistol because of it's endless ammo supply; killing enemies in this game requires LOTS of ammo because of the pure inaccuracy of your weapons. it's kinda annoying but it also adds a feeling of helplessness and challenge to the game.the enemies are kind of ridiculous at times (half because of your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ accuracy, half because of them just having lots of health), especially the damn snowmen. the bosses, on the other hand, are pretty easy and if you have a decent enough weapon you can take them down. all their designs are honestly awesome and super morbid and freaky, especially the bosses. you can tell that lots of care and design went into making them as uncannily weird as possible, and it adds a lot to the game.theres some streamer mode stuff that you can do if you're streaming your game on twitch or something, but it seems a bit shallow and i feel like it could really be better integrated. in fact, beam.pro's interactive stream feature could make this game so much deeper and more interesting! i'd love to see some integration with that.honestly, this game is a cool little fun stress reliever (the price tag is generous for what the game brings to the table) but i'd really like to see other aspects of popularity and the audience coming into play as well as just ironing out lots of the bugs. the potential is certainly there, and you can tell passion went into the game itself, but it's not quite there yet; however, for $6, it's not a bad buy."
,Recommended,407560,26139565,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,so the game plays itself?,"Surprisingly polished game, visuals and graphic wise, for what it is. Animations could use some work, but aren't terrible. Solid game so far with a sense of humor to go with it. Game runs very well, no issues with optimization.Gameplay wise, it's enjoyable. It's not the most flashy thing you've seen, as you're going to be using the starter pistol for the majority of your play time, but it's satisfying to run and dodge enemies, as well as manage your popularity with the crowd watching you. Not exactly a bullet hell, but you wont get away with staying still for very long either. Passives being provided along the way through storage containers, pedestals, shops, and more allow for the 'different every run' style improvement system seen in games like The Binding of Isaac and Enter The Gungeon.This game has the potential to be something pretty great with proper updates from the developers, but for a game I played for over an hour on launch, I'd have to say that it is more than I could have expected. Overall the game would be a bit above a 7/10, which is not bad by any means. I'm looking forward to seeing what else the developers will be adding to the game with the coming weeks, and release what could be considered a fun little game to play for a bit into the next popular rougelike that fills a niche that no other game does right now.TLDR; Don't expect this to be a perfect game, but for the price, I'd say it's pretty cool with what it brings to the table. From first impressions, the game could only improve over time with the dev team expanding on the solid base they laid out for themselves."
,Recommended,407560,26137882,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,I am not a communist,"Only played for about half an hour, but in that time I got a good idea of what the game has to offer. That being said, there isnt too much to the game besides it being a FPS rogue-like. Think of it as a first person binding of Isaac, with a comical horror theme.Pros:   perfect optimizationProgressionlots of actiona multitude of weapons, power ups, and buffs (including negative effect ones)a variety of enemies with different styles of attacks, and abilitiesupgradable skillsstreamer friendlyCons:  Default language set to russian, takes so doing but you can change it to englishIf you're not a streamer, you miss out on key selling point to the game. After each level, viewers vote on your performance and you can earn various items from it, I don't believe you can do this without being a streamerOverall i would recommend this game, i can se myslef putting many hours into this myself :)8.5/10"
76561197993790681,Not Recommended,407560,28987622,Posted: 3 January,all,DUKE NUKEM,"i LOVE this genre of FPS rogue likes, i wish we had way more of them than we dothat being said the good ones are few and far between and this one is decidedly 7/10, it is hard....but for the wrong reasons, it is clunky, there is little variety in weapons/enemies and the real killer is that the damage on your weapons is quite low and you will find yourself using your infinite ammo pistol to dance around the bosses, some people on the forums have told me ""oh only use your pistol and dont shoot anything with your real gun until you get to the boss"" but.....that's kinda the problemi see real potential in this game though and with balancing tweeks and continued attention it could be one of the greats like ziggurat or tower of guns"
,Recommended,407560,26239729,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Warpig,"Just beat this game for the first time so I guess i'll write a review.Killing Room is a roguelike FPS about a game show where an audience watches you fight your way through floors of creatures, and the crowd can start hating you pretty soon if you start using machines and ignoring side rooms.Pros:-Starting at floor 4 the room variety starts to improve quite a bit.-Good weapon variety from shotguns to rifles to laser weapons-Streamers can have their audiences vote on whether they will be punished or rewarded-Game Audience is well implemented and encourages you to make the game harder for yourself by ignoring vending machines (or else they'll make it harder for you :^) )-Good items which give you buffs and abililties and bad items which can range from a slight debuff to chopping off your leg and making you go blind in one eye.Cons:-Same Bosses every time + Final Boss is too easy-First 3 floors dont have very much variety-Lack of difficulty settings (many people have said that the game is too hard while others like me feel like it can be too easy)-Melee is poorly implemented and almost impossible to use without hurting yourself more than the enemy.Score: 8/10Honestly, with more work put into it, this could be an even better game if they were to rework melee to be usable and increasing floor variety for the first 3 floors (also buff the final boss pls). Great game so far, devs. Can't wait to see how you improve it!Update 1: They seem to have added ammo pickups, they do help a little bit but you get them at an inconsistent rate and even if you had a reliable source of ammo it's still easier to rely on your pistol and save the ammo for the boss. They could nerf the pistols and give you more ammo for your other weapons (just an idea)"
,Recommended,407560,26171946,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Master Hoganes,the price is cheap and it give some hours of playbut now it need balance of Bosses and better Gun playHope the game will get supported and more contenent in the future
,Recommended,407560,26185480,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,MrDood01,"I saw this on the popular new releases, saw an FPS rogue-like on sale, and was sold instantly. I ran through it a good few time before beating it for the first time. It stays true to the rogue-like nature, but here's the pros and cons list of what I've experienced thus far:Pros:-Tons of available upgrades-Puzzle rooms are a nice twist to make you actually think a bit-Enemy AI is above acceptable-Difficulty is as hard as you make it for yourself-UPGRADES YOU RECIEVE FROM BOSSES NEGATE THE COMPLAINTS OF MOST OF THESE REVIEWS (ADS stamina usage, the pistol being generally crappy)-The upgrades system is pretty amazing, there's permanent upgrades that stick with you through playthroughs as wellNeutral Point: To me this is awesome, but to others it may be bad, the good items work well for you, but some of the bad items are super trollsy, the run I finished the game with I had an eye patch on one eye (there's a big nose that covers ~1/4 of the right side of your screen) and nausia that gave me insane blurry tunnel vision at times.Cons:-Pickup weapons have a bit too little of ammo IMO, it makes the choice of using your reputation for mags even harder-The recycling of room tilesets may offput some, but I dont mind it-Some enemies can take an unreasonable amount of damage in comparison (there's counters for it, but its all subjective)-Melee is a bit unvaiable as I see it (in the first couple floor sure, but later enemies do a bit too much damage for you to want to willingly get close to them)-Weapon accuracy, I guess. It seems to follow the Call of Duty accuracy (gun is straight, bullets coming out at 45 degrees) but you can both crouch/breifly stand still to shoot, and/or upgrade your accuracy.All in all, for the pricetag they're pushing for this, versus the content in the game, totally worth the money to me, I expect to get some good time out of it"
,Recommended,407560,26765481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grillbury,"Love it !!!Funny in-game jokes, clever idea, and good overall.i think it lacks a little something, maybe some comentator that says something from time to time? (similar to the one in hunger games but being actually funny)10/10 would scream and cry again."
,Recommended,407560,33191256,Posted: 3 July,all,ersambae4Q,"Killing Room revolves around the same idea of Binding of Isaac, but puts a completely different twist on things, such as being in first person and having a popularity meter that can be either good or bad depending on what the player does throughout their journey. Having good popularity gets you good rewards, but having bad popularity gets you bad rewards and makes it harder to survive."
,Recommended,407560,26187592,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[gg] LoganAdams,I really recommend this game this game to anyone who likes Roguelike games and arcade shooters as this is a perfect combination of the two in my opinion. It has so much potential for its future and doesn't come with a big price tag. Easy to lose track of time with this game as you can be sat there for hours without looking at anything else as you're deemed to complete this game. Goodluck with that though;)
,Recommended,407560,32874043,Posted: 27 June,all,[ThisIs]Novax,Its fun playing this game from time to time. Takes a bit to get used to the perks.Only negative aspect of this game: its gets more laggy with each floor you beat.
,Recommended,407560,33107950,Posted: 1 July,all,MasterOfFoxes,Love the mix of randomness and predictability!
76561198089410786,Not Recommended,407560,32633426,Posted: 21 June,all,roderick.meyer,Game was laggy and dropped alot of frames. also had several glitches that made the buttons dissapear or the game would never load after the second boss. and overall the amount of items rather sucked
76561198129415471,Recommended,407560,26137804,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,PugzNotDrugz,This game is fun and cheap! I love these sort of games with the classic SmashTV parody style and the randomness of weapons and items. This game gets a thumbs up from me :D
,Recommended,407560,27743747,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ozzman,"I bought this game becouse of the FPS aspect to it. Always liked Rogue-likes but FPS far more.This game delivered on both. And really well at that!The interaction with an audiance that the game also provides has been both incredibly fun as well as excruciatingly painful! (and I mean that in the best of ways) From getting a spider man t-shirt allowing you to jump higher to the audience cutting off my leg, leaving me with no mobility and humping around. GREAT FUN!The game feels smooth and great to play, its pretty to look at. The monsters are well made and provide a good challenge.Especially with the newly introduced Hardcore mode making it a lot more interesting, trying to complete the game!I've only experienced minimum amount of bugs. One time it killed a run. So that has not been an issue on my end.I have only beaten the game once and plan to keep trying, that is unless my audience is against me. (RIP leg.)If you like FPS alone, I would recommend this game. Its a great game, that will make you keep fighting to become a reality star and beat the Killing Room!Reaction when you just wanna be spider man but the audience cuts your leg off insteadhttps://www.twitch.tv/ozzmanthe1st/v/97171627"
,Not Recommended,407560,26237542,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Makron,"Needs a lot of work, but shows promise. Is overall fun, but lack of variety makes for dull gameplay."
76561198077641140,Not Recommended,407560,29124657,Posted: 8 January,all,G3,"Why didn't I listen to the other reviews? There are problems abound in this game. From the generic and boring enemies and layout, to the poor technical issues. The game is exceedingly repetitive, especially in the way you dispatch enemies. Not recommended."
,Recommended,407560,26237925,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ragin Cajun,Pretty fun game dont let others decide for you try it your self. Not everygame is perfect from release watch for patches.
76561198271938813,Recommended,407560,26171386,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Wang Bang Bung Chung,"This game is good but it needs a co-operative mode just for fun, RESPAWNS to at least let you restart the floor your on or you have a certain amount of respawns untill you have to restart the game, and to fix the rooms. The room's objects can stop you from moving and get you killed.  Anyways graphics are good, intresting bosses, and the game is also very good for its unique playing field. I reccommend people try it for themselves because its a very good game. Although there is this one glitch that needs to be fixed because every time I beat all the side doors then I enter the main room I lose 4 popularity. That is a problem that should be fixed though."
76561197977892146,Recommended,407560,26150370,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,M6Hurricane,"This is CHM Top Gear's ""cheap and cheerful,"" except in video game form. The game as a whole is not perfect. Having said that, it doesn't have faults, it has character.The voice acting won't win any awards, but it's perfect in this setting. Sometimes the bullets fly out of the gun in time with the recoil animation, but honestly that just serves to highlight how simplistic and fun the gameplay is. There is just the right amount of mechanics at play; not too few to be boring and not too many to be frustrating.This is probably the best low-budget game I've played. Its character and balanced gameplay are really on the mark.P.S. In terms of gameplay, basically you have an FPS with status effects and a bit of resources management. This is NOT some twitch shooter, it's more about multiple target tracking (i.e. where to run to avoid damage, shoot and dance while avoiding floor traps, oh and now it's time to circle back and don't forget about that floor trap). It's more of a strategy FPS than a reaction time FPS."
,Recommended,407560,27061769,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The one who WAHs,"One of the hardest games I have played yet, loves to screw you over more than anything in the world(♥♥♥♥ Crank), but I'll be dammed if I don't love playing the hell out of it"
,Recommended,407560,27393013,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thorgon6,"Cheap, guns, explosions, hot lady, more explosions.I love it !"
,Recommended,407560,27868731,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doogeedoo,"This game will not hold your hand, will run you into the ground, and stomp all over you. You've been warned. You will die over and over again.That being said, sometimes it's nice to have to earn your victory rather than having it eventually handed to you.Pros:-Rogue-like FPS (one of the few of it's kind?)-Flavour text is funny. Quite so in fact. Personally, anyway-A very open and communicative Dev Team-The game is very hardCons:-The game is very hard-Very RNG dependent. Some items in the game (or certain combinations) make the run literally impossible to completeSevered Leg and Bleeding Out - best combo ever-A tad lacking in its current state. Monster spawns are repetitive and balancing needs work, but they are making promises and keeping them.In short, realize this is only a development team of 5 or 6 individuals that are trying to get their feet of the ground in this enormous gaming market. Lend them a hand. I only spent ~$5 CAD"
76561198061158952,Recommended,407560,26448934,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Chlorruption,"Very promising. Could do with a bit of fine-tuning. Sprint cycle seems a bit jumpy and I've seen some frame-drops that the others have been talking about. Weapons don't feel very weighty either.BUT, the atmosphere, design and overall sense of humor are quite nice. Looking forward to later updates."
,Recommended,407560,26152900,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DankBob MemePants,"After 2 hours of playtime I've got to say, this game is a lot of fun. However, there are definitely things that still need fixing within the game. Balancing issues, minor bugs, etc. That being said, this game doesn't seem like something I'm going to get bored of anytime soon. And for the price (on sale for $6 when I bought it) you can't beat it. Support the dev, this is just a good time."
,Recommended,407560,27728384,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fatale,Very fun and lots of replay-value do to the constant changes. The onlinepolls are a nice touch. Unless your friends are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s..
76561198078887163,Not Recommended,407560,33743852,Posted: 23 July,all,VaStVrOzEn(Sven),"This may actually be my second game that gets abondened.Bought it about 9 months ago and first it looked quite interesting.After several runs i was a little disappointed that you actuall don´t make much progress that remains and since the game does not get any easier over time you have a hard time reaching the exit (btw.: is there any exit?).Main Problem is as follows:No Updates!I have no idea why developers create a game, upload it to steam and then let it fall...Just read that they are working on another project since March ´17 and therefor they get this rather disappointed review.I really hope that the developers will improve this game as soon as possible but my hopes are pretty low."
,Recommended,407560,26171071,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,NarutoUA,"Awesome game for it's price, 6/10"
76561198035754988,Recommended,407560,26165778,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Lohkumekume,"Fun game, a little rough here and there but better than you you'd expect playing it day 1"
,Not Recommended,407560,26225030,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BlackCatZ,"So many game breaking , run ending bugs. I got stuck in ""wall, floor, flying"" 2 times in the 7th floor , and 2 on the 8th (last one) .The Game is fun (disconsidering the massive amount of bugs) , but they just change the color scheme of most enemies instead of bringing new onesWell its a cheap game , but I cant recommend a game with so many bugs , and some game braking run ending runs like that"
,Not Recommended,407560,26237993,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Stunt dude,The game itself is lackluster and repetitive. The gameplay is empty and all the pickups do is give you boring single-digit stat increases. It's a great concept but god damn the game itself just is not up to snuff.
,Not Recommended,407560,26238076,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Lost Hashishin,"The trailer of this game looks fun and it seems like ithe game is action-packed but the looks can be misguiding. The overall game quality is poor. It's not exciting to play at all. The character moves slowly and frequently bumps into any objects he could possibly find on his way, making player an easy prey for the enemies. Weapons don't reload by themselves and that's also a flaw cause you need to move constantly and pushing 'R' button while dodging projectiles or running away kinda makes you statter also making player easy target for the enemies. Graphics look like that game was made for smartphones and tablets rather than for PCs, though the game still manages to load slowly.If you want to play some good FPS-roguelike similar to this game but without all that slow stuff check out Paranautical Activity."
,Recommended,407560,26176126,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,WAFFLES,"Love it! Have always wanted a room by room game like binding of isaac but a fps! The game is quite comical and kept me laughing through most of my playtime. In my opinoin the bad items are better than the good ones due to the hilarious effect, like a can of beans that gives you gas, or a retro filter that turns the game into a low fi mess, or the ♥♥♥♥ING MOST EVIL ITEM I HAVE EVER SEEN the ♥♥♥♥ing wheel chair which takes the camera angle and slightly tilts so you have to♥♥♥♥♥♥your neck sidways to see straight. This game is incredibaly fun i wouldnt listen to the negative reviews and just give it a try.If you are looking for some super polished experience then i can tell you this wont be for you because it is a little rough around the edges. That being said i am usually very cinical about games and i dont tend to buy alot of games any more due to the fact that i dont want to be let down, but this game has kept me smiling all through out my playthrough and i recomend to all."
,Not Recommended,407560,26213878,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Louis Liu,The control for this game is kind of jinky along with the character movement being slow.  Also the room is super small and does not provide enough space for manuver.
76561197967760129,Not Recommended,407560,26218830,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Taggart,"The game definitely has some fun points to it, but I have a weird non-wasd hotkey set up and rebinding those hotkeys on this game failed miserably.For that reason I can't recommend it entirely unless you use the wasd default hotkey setup."
76561197983301475,Recommended,407560,26137633,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,RabidUrko,"Great game with some good mechanics.Graphics and sound/music are good.Loads of traps and weapons/stuff to help and hinder your progress in the rooms, allwith fantastic horror type humour.Each time you replay the rooms to the boss your game will be different .Well addictive.Regular dev input in forum too."
76561197999950493,Not Recommended,407560,26145511,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Strifelife,"OK, I have to review this game again since they have been updating it.Game is slightly better now you can actually hit something since they upped the accuracy. Monsters don't take millions of bullets to kill anymore and there's few items added to the game. Still items are guite boring and don't add anything fun to your shooting mechanics, mostly stat bonuses or something to do with jumping or moving. I think they added few more guns also, but they really lack imagination that this kind of game needs.But still game is buggy piece of trash, I played to the seventh stage was havin ""OK"" time.Until I got stuck on room, because game thought there were monsters alive even thou i killed all of em.I don't wanna waste another hour in this piece of trash, that kind of bug is unacceptable, since you have to start all over again."
76561198024338968,Not Recommended,407560,33251140,Posted: 4 July,all,//Guerilla,Game was decent enough. I paid £4.19 during the Steam Summer Sale 2017. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to waste their time with a game that the developers have abandoned.There are a few bugs and design flaws that will completel destroy your run if you encounter them. Nearly beaten the game and one such bug caused me to become stuck. Since there is no recovery option I was forced to give up my playthrough - with amazing items and stats - because the developer gave up fixing bugs or addressing issues.Turns out I'm not the only one who has this issue. A bunch of people on the forums also had this problem and the dev ignores the issue.Maybe I'll come back to it since I'm at the 3 hour mark and am clearly stuck with it... But if you're looking for a better rogue-like with dungeon crawling and item hoarding go with WASTED. That's what brought me to this game.[July 4th 2017]
76561198042563277,Not Recommended,407560,33577034,Posted: 15 July,all,Barraco Barner,"I cannot say this is a game that I would reccomend currently given that the deeper I went into the levels the more my frames would drop, to the point where it would be unplayable, and it isn't due to any fault on my end, every graphics setting in the game no matter how low, will change this. So until they can work this out, I would say do not buy this game but it is STILL a fun rogue shooter regardless"
,Recommended,407560,26520222,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ℰεƬ-ℳεεℒ,"All in all, I like the game.  It is challenging with a unique environment.  However the action leaves much to be desired.  You only fight when entering a new room (which the audience hates for some reason).  The fight is usually over quickly.  I'd say that the game is 60-70 percent running thru empty rooms and 30 percent action.  The action that isn't over in a single explosion gets very samey:For example:  Headshots deal additional damage.  But fine aiming your gun uses Stamina,  So if you are kiting monsters by running circles around the edge of the room (A strategy you MUST do for the snowmen) you can only hip fire at the mob chasing you.  If you stop and try to lick off a few headshots you risk depleting your sprint.  Since the Snowmen have absurd health, this becomes more of a chore.Also, I found myself using the pistol for most of the game.  Better weapons are hard to come by and they come with very little ammo.The Melee weapons might as well not exist.I'd still recommend it.  But if you are expecting high adrenaline action similar to Doom, then you might want to look else where."
76561198089357192,Recommended,407560,26397020,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Barbuzbal,"WARNING: TEXT WALL~~So after reading some of the reviews written for this game, I decided to make one of my own to clear some things up, shows some of the pros, the cons, and ultimately set into stone what kind of game this is.Beginning Note:First off, this is one of the first rouge-like games I've played so far with my new PC and I've got to say it is creative. The idea is a great one at that, especially if you account for the DOOM-like graphics and the RNG gameplay which can only be described as ""unfair"" by others but ""addictive"" by myself. The challenge of this game stems from balancing aspects like health, ammo, and popularity. Shooting enemies isn't that big of a hassle, due to the fact you can obliterate most enemies pretty easily. 80% of the gameplay for me is just using the pistol and running around faster than Speedy Gonzales. The balancing stats with the Stamina and Max Health are decent, as with the Damage upgrades at the end of each level. I always end up maxing out Accuracy first, so as to be able to hit stuff with the run-n-gun tactic from above. There are really some great concepts here that Killing Room borrows from other games, like Binding of Isaac and maybe even Dungeons and Dragons similarly with the items.For the Pros:-The fact is, this game is meant to be challenging. If it wasn't, there would not be an achievement for beating the game 5 times. Before every level, the game tells you hard hard the generated level will be for you too, so going into it thinking multiple difficulty levels are necessary is not really the correct mindset for this. After dying multiple times, you will notice the difficulty being stripped down to be easier, since you died multiple times. If you almost beat the game multiple times, you will notice the game generating a medium difficulty level at level 1.-It heavily relies on RNG to give you a good character with decent stats at the start and once you get far enough, those permanent items will be there for you once you restart. (Like if you get caught in a bear trap and have 12 snowman surround your body for a good ol' fashion thrashing...just for an example). The gunplay is fun more the most part and if you're lucky with items, you can have either a walk in the park, or a horrible disaster. This game even had me set up my keyboard configuration a little differently for the stuff like the beartrap scenario.-The game give streamers the ability to have an audience vote for what kind of items they get at the end of the level, which can create fun and interesting play throughs.-If the game has specific features that are built in, then in it our duty to see if it works, how well it works, and recommend ways to fix it if it doesn't.As for the Cons:-The enemies seem to be lackluster in some aspects, where as there are in all about 6-8 different enemy types (not including the variations for those enemies).-The gunplay can get dryand annoying with the bad accuracy and stamina usage while aiming down the sights.-Certain boss' do have points in the fight where they don't take damage for some reason, likethe Wormon level 3. I also feel like the bosses that charge you(Snowmen on 2 & 4)are a little too fast sometimes as well as when they attack, it knocks you away and you can be cornered with not way out. This could also be counted as part of the challenge but if your speed isn't high enough, you will probably die at least a couple times to these snowmen.-The items, although creative, seem to be in a small loot pool and it would be comforting to see 2-3 times the amount of items in the game since it is meant for replayability. The more items, the more I want to play.-The items that are in the game although basic, can do a lot for you in times of need. The smaller 1-3% boosts/debuffs in the earlier levels are what really make or break you, because if you lost defense, health, and speed early on, you need to get items to counter those debuffs or use your points on those traits if you want to bring them back to normal.-Of course the game can always be improved, so I can't be too harsh, especially for only being out for 3 days. (at the time of writing this)Conclusion:-Calling this game boring is by no means a true statement. If you at least try this game out and realize its not for you, then that is A-okay. But just make sure to give back proper feedback, otherwise it will seem a bit lazy and rude. They formulated a creative idea that I don't believe any of us have heard of and without feedback, they can't improve it.-This game strives to be wanted; this game strives for the limelight; this game strives for the chance to be proven as a diamond in the rough;It achieves all of these.Final Note:I am currently at the beginning of level 7 and I am super pumped to fight the last two bosses. Even though I have not beat this game yet, I can say right now I have gotten my money back in gameplay time. Clocking in at just over 7 hours, this game has beat some of the newer games that have come out with storylines that are only 4-5 hours long. For $9.99, I would definitely recommend this game. For anyone that like shooter games, rouge-like games, grimy/gorey games, and sometimes frustrating games, this is for you. This kind of game would also be good for people who love to torture themselves and get the WORST items and make the best of it, like people who play Dark Souls, Twitch Streamers, and hardcore solo players.-For a little bit more of an in-depth review as well, the person named Spliff went through the different aspects of the game from utility and controls, down to performance and sound. I would definitely check that out if you need some more input on what the game is about and how it fares in the different departments of a good game."
76561198203825536,Recommended,407560,26393177,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,star581,I'm terrible at it but am addicted to it. Still runs pretty well despite not having a powerful computer.
,Recommended,407560,26189390,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,69xXFedoraGuyXx69,♥♥♥♥♥tons of fun
76561197970899325,Recommended,407560,26162148,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,J0hny C@rl0s,"Finally something what is really challenging for me! No autoheal, no unlimited ammo, no mercy!"
,Not Recommended,407560,26496539,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Parabyssic,"The quality and variety of the items available in game sometimes feel underwhelming, with too many of the items feeling low impact or uninteresting. Furthermore, the over dependance on the starting pistol is an absolute disaster for enjoyable gameplay, the melee weapons feel clunky and unwieldy, and several of the weapons dont feel good to use at all.Finally, the audience voting portion of the game isn't a huge part of the game but only seems useful if you can get a stream going with enough people to get a vote through, so you need a decent PC to stream, good connection, and then enough viewer pulling power to make it happen. So if you can't do that for any of those reasons, that part of the game is never going to be available to you.Overall I'd say the game was a good concept but was executed in a very unimaginative way, with a lot of the content feeling dull or unoriginal."
,Recommended,407560,32860020,Posted: 27 June,all,GasMask,"Oh, goddamn Fleshpound!Ooops, wrong game..."
,Not Recommended,407560,29271312,Posted: 15 January,all,Parember,"tl;dr - Despite having a good idea, Killing Room plays in a janky mess that's frustratingly hard for all the wrong reasons that feels designed to be against the player right out of the gate. It fails as a rougelite, and should be ignored.First I'm going to preface this by saying I didn't even look at the audience incorporation features of this for the simple fact that I don't stream, and neither do a lot of people. As I'll point out later though, whatever that has to add to this probably won't make up for anything.Killing Room has a solid idea on paper, it's a rougelite but with an audience watching and givining you items based on your progress and performance. Not to mention, it's an FPS rougelite, a combination that isn't touched upon and has the potential to be great (see Ziggurat). The game does a good job of selling it's atmosphere to you through the dingy, peacemeal enviroments that look straight up staged, fitting with the reality show vibe.Unfortunately it doesn't take long for this interesting idea to fall flat on its face, as the second you take a step into your first main room of a run you get a chorus of jeers thrown your way from the crowd. What's that? Progressing through the game makes the crowd like you less? I understand needing a way for the player to lose popularity over time so that there's actual pressure put on them but it feels ham fisted to have it as blunt as immediately losing some the second they start moving down the main path. It would've felt much smoother and less antaganistic if the player had a chance to do something about it, and only take away popularity if they failed to do something interesting. But ok, let's say this has to be this way for some engine related reason.You can at least make it so you can potentially make up for that loss in the room itself.6 popularity is deducted while moving into a main room and the most you can get out of a multikill, excluding melee because its suicidal (more on that later), is 4. So at best you're losing 2 no matter what, and that's assuming you're even in a position to gain a multikill.The crowd favor mechanic feels less unfair then it does underdeveloped. Several actions you think a crowd would react to in one way or another go completely unnoticed. Get through a combat room without a scratch? No, not impressed. Fail to complete a puzzle? Meh, it happens.Actuallycomplete a puzzle?! WOOO!! Those are just the ones I can think of off the top of my head, but I'm sure there's plenty more that could be considered performance related that aren't just going from point a to point b, weither or not you used vending machines, and how you've killed things.All of this would be somewhat forgiven if it wasn't for how the game's mechanical design goes completely against the base principles of any other rougelite. In a game like this, you start a run with the knowledge of how to compensate or abuse what the game will give you and figure out how you can use what your current situation is to successfully complete a run. No matter what, the game will never make it straight up impossible or unfairly cumbersome to win. That last one is a pretty huge one, and it's one Killing Room completely glosses over. There's a negative item that, among other things, removes your ability to jump. Now let's say that you run into an enemy or situation that practically requires you to jump so you can progress or not take unneccesary damage. What are you supposed to do then? Get stuffed, says the game. Random tremmors that will throw your aim all over the place and can maybe give epilepsy? Get stuffed. How aboutpermanent pixel vision that's so bad you can't see anything past five feet?Get. Stuffed.The positive items don't come anywhere close to compensating for how ruined the negative ones can make you. Outside of the most boring, blandest stat upgrades, an entire set of them are damage buffs specific to weapons you may never find in your run. Granted, there's maybe 8 tops, but that assumes you've found a side room that is an item room and pulled one of those 8 weapons instead of the crap ton more items. Other gems include the 20% chance to gain a single health point when killing an enemy, additional spawn rate for explosives which have a tendency to whiff entirely, and the ability to pick up things maybe two feet farther away. I can remember finding three legitimately great perks. Double jump, an extra weapon slot, and the chance of enemies just not spawning for a room. Everything else was either so bland I coulnd't consider it or was so situational or marginal I barely felt a difference.None of this would sting so badly if it weren't for how the game was designed to almost garuntee you running into at least one negative item on your way through. You can attempt to play the game fairly middle of the road, not going too far out of your way to please the crowd, just to keep them from sending you horribly crippling items, but you run into the problem of generic stat ups and barebones resources not giving you enough of a push. So you start doing everything you can to get the crowd into it's highest favor rating when they start giving out top tier items, but the most realistic way to do that is either take a chance of losing the run on the spot or purposefully giving yourself a random bad item, which was exactly what you were trying to avoid in the first place. Being a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ doesn't work either because then the crowd starts sending you bad items themselves. Its either you play with absolutely nothing or have the game beat you into submission, neither of which are fun.And to top off this mess, the game plays horribly. Movement feels janky and inconsistent, hitbox detection is all over the place, and nothing feels like it's connecting properly. Guns handle very basically and have no real impact to them due to all enemies being bullet sponges past a certain point. There's a plethora of bad design in the UI, including the favor meter being needlessly hard to read at a glance and money not even being on the main HUD, it's tucked away in the corner of the main menu. Enemies have crit zones, but only when the game remembers that they exist. I swear there's one on the first boss but it just never procced after the initial run I found it in. Floors are randomly generate but its a joke, it's always one long central hallway with other hallways of various lengths coming off the side, and the only difference between floors is enemy placement, style, and how spread out they are. The game as a whole feels very patchwork and like it shouldn't really be running this way.I've probably insinuated this already but this game is hard for all the wrong reasons. The best run I had was using every single RNG stat I could abuse in an attempt to cheese the game out and I got to floor 5, and at that point I officially delcared ""Screw it."" I really wanted to get a complete run in before writing this but it was incredibly frustrating and unrewarding to progress. This is coming from a guy that loves this genre. If you're interested in FPS rougelites, your money is better spent on the aforementioned Ziggurat."
76561197987704222,Not Recommended,407560,26146698,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Forthias,"If you think spending hours plunking away at enemies with a pistol and getting carpal tunnel are a good way to spend an afternoon, go for it! The game advertises big guns and fast paced action when in reality is has very little of either. You'll get side weapons with one or two extra magazines, and that's it. Then it's back to the pistol for an entire floor."
,Recommended,407560,26188386,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,TBD GAMING,Cool little arcade style shooter. Graphics aren't bad and the game runs extremely well. It is on sale now for $5...so grab it now if you are interested!
76561198254053528,Recommended,407560,26138107,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Brook Rivers,"so i got this game thinking ""oh man a serious sam and binding of issac baby"" well what i got was a little like that but more like the game UNLOVED. i recomend this game because i feel like lots of youtubers would get a kick out of its crude humor. not to mention the game is based around how many people in chat decide your fate. its a twitch streamer game. In my time of playing ive noticed that the game is difficult. on the second map. thats as far as i got sadly. but i feel like the game would be a cakewalk with the chat giving you amazing items after each map. theres 8 maps on total and are quite small. the only problems ive had with the game are as follows1. ive died more times to the abundent amount of useless items on the ground then the monsters2. the game is based on a karma system so you save a rubber ducky +20 good karma which means better helpful items but disturb to many coffins get -12 karma which results in curse items that hurt you. but the coffins contain health armor and lockpicks to get more coffins3. (hopefully not as long as 2) the many bugs like standerd stuff. falling through floors. monsters wedgeing you between a filing cabnet and themselves. but is to be expected.as a final thought get the game if you want a fun stream i guess. but if your like me and have no online gaming channel then singleplayers is gonna be harsh. i will not refund this game. i will keep it until i get popoular....maybe."
,Recommended,407560,26193675,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,AnonymousZao,"Great game if you are a live streamer on Twitch, YT or any other streaming service; but so-so when playing on your own just to play. I notice that my biggest gripe was constantly getting stuck on random stuff laying around the map, that was one of the most annonying things honestly. I haven't really tried to live stream it yet but I do think the interaction with allowing the viewers to affect your game is pretty neat so I have to give them cudos on that one.My first 30 minutes o playing went something like this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCZBxHmAgF4"
76561198058043761,Recommended,407560,26287128,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,W.D.Gaster,"Several tips to make playing this game an easy and enjoyable experienceKilling Room，since the first day it was released，has been criticized for its difficulty.But if you follow my tips，this game can be much easier.1.Keep moving when combatingWhat makes most players annoyed is the thick health of the enemies，while the players are very vulnerable.Therefore，we should always avoid being surrounded by enemies，and The best way to fight is slightly moving when shoot，and running when reload.Caution:keep your eyes on the ground when you run，avoid the traps!2.use popularity properlyAlways keep your popularity around 70，which allows you to get 2 items after each mission.Always try to kill in a row and save ducks to get popularity.When your popularity is above 70，use the extra part.(cash machine and ammo machine is recommended)3.HealthAvoid using popularity for health unless your health is very low.Get health from coffins is always the better way(lower cost of popularity).There will always be a health machine in boss room, dont.hesitate to use it when your health is below 10.4.itemsItems are the keys to win.When you need money for a really good item at shop，use popularity to get money is fine.（even under 70）5.Focus on defense and critical hit.Keep your speed at 28 at least，and stamina around 45，health limit at 50 .And all the other points can be added to defense.Keep your accuracy at 75 at least, then use all the other points for critical hit.6.How to dodge enemies' bulletsThe AI of enemies is high.They will predict your movement .So try to move left and right，which can prevent you from being hit.Hope my tips can be helpful to you.A introduction to all bosses and the way to fight will be released soon!"
76561198004347626,Not Recommended,407560,26288260,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Malun,"***Edit:I decided to delete the game for the moment. It just asks for too much time without giving much back. So beware if you read this review, it may be outdate. My biggest complain now is mostly the risk/reward. Its not “Take a risk and get a reward” but rather “take a risk so that we don’t punish you”For me, it’s just no fun. A good for example, forgive me dear god, is Isaac again. Where you could trade hearts for strong items. One can still discuss if it was balanced well, but at least it was far more fun. Here you risk to end your entire run, wasting half an hour just for not being punished at the end of the floor. But, i do have to say the Devs keep updating the game, so i will come back in half a year or something. For now, the game has lost all its fun after maybe 4 hours.***Summary at the bottom.Im torn between giving this a thumb up or down, but I think the devs would give more attention to what people have to say if the thumb it down, sorry devs but there is still a lot to improve.So this is one of these game that I just have to write a review about. Simply because the core of the game is amazing, yet the execution is so poor, but could be fixed so easily that a tiny little piece of me hopes the devs will read it and think about it. I have not played that much, but I already feel like the fun curve is going a steep downhill.I'll make it as a list, because we all love lists.Pros:Amazing ideas setting it up as a showCool design, freaky but good.Lots of traps, throw able explosives, tables to flip (Though the bear traps feel unfair)You can skill your character in the game, but lose your progress when you dieMoney, shops, audience system.Cons:The Worst items I have seen in a long time (+3% more dmg woooow)Only few enemies typesWhile the room design is ok, there is little variationOnly one boss for every stageDifficulty seems too artificial, punish you too much for tiny mistakes, some rooms are just unfairProgress is way to slowWho should buy this game?If you are a hardcore rogue like fan then go for it. If you are a hardcore shooter fan DON'T go for it, I'll explain it laterWho should NOT buy this game?If you are a mediocre rogue like fan this game will probably have to many downs. You have to keep in mind that this game, at the current state, is very flawed. Dont expect to have an Ego Isaac. Its far from that. Also if you think you like difficult games, think twice. This game is simply unfair. From its “Punishing Factor” its like Super Meat Boy, but instead of losing 30 Seconds of progress you lose 30 minutes.Why is it not for shooter fans?The shooting system in this game is special. You shoot extremely inaccurate. I reckon that is so that you cant walk across the room, give some head shots and walk to the other side of the room. Instead, you run away, turn around, shoot a few rounds close up so that you get a decent hit ratio. You always stay in the “danger zone” of the enemy, which makes the gameplay more tense. You can use iron sight, but it slows you down and is only temporarily. So most of the time you use it for a quick head shot or to explode something and then run away again.How to improve the gameOkay its obvious that it needs more rooms, more enemies and so on. But here is the core of why I think this game in its current state will fail to entertain.Items: A game like this lives and dies with its items. Right now exploring and walking off the path is just to boring. The rewards are pathetic and sometimes you even get punished with a bad item.  Please devs, we dont expect you to create a universe of unique items if you don't have any ideas just steal items from other games. Here are just a few ideas, mostly from other games. Maybe some of these are in the game but since I get so many boring items I just have not seen them.Trap thingy: Traps don't hurt you, or hurt the enemySeduce item: Make enemies fight for youExplosive thingy: Make normal enemies sometimes explode when you kill themSlow thingy: The last bullet in the pistol magazine slows the enemyCharge thingy: Pistol shots can be chargedOne shot: Pistol has only one shot, but that one is very powerfulElemental weapon: Freeze, burn, shock, poison enemies with the pistol or sidearmPlease devs no one gives a damn about your stupid “Run 2% faster” items. They are boring, they suck, and I hate you every time I fight through a room to get such a god damn boring item. And they dont help me at all. Maybe give them as a little extra after I cleared a room, and keep the rare and epic items for the actually item rooms.Ammunition problem: While there are special weapons which deal some decent damage you will always save them up for the boss. That means in the normal rooms you end up with your pathetic pistol. The first floor is okay, the second floor is at the verge of being a torture, and the third floor is simply not fun any more. You jump around like a manic for five minutes just for one stupid room and then you get a ridiculous “Have 1% more ammo” item. Then you enter the boss room, shoot your two magazines of your sub machine gun at him, and change to your pistol again. BOOOOOORING.You have to change this seriously. Either give infinite ammo for side arms or implement more and better upgrades for the pistol.Reward system and difficulty (Most important part): Basically there are two sorts of rogue likes.“The Binding of Isaac” like don't have any progress after the game, you lose everything. But, some items are extremely strong so even if you are a bad player you will eventually manage to see most of the game if you just have luck with the strong items.“Rogue Legacy” likes have progress after death, which means you grow stronger and stronger. No matter if you are a good or bad player, eventually you will be strong enough for see most of the game.This game fails at both points. You dont have super strong items that allow you to play through the game even as a bad player, and you also dont have progress after you die apart from one useless items after every boss. (The first gives you a cross-hair, which is useless since the weapons are so inaccurate.)  I have managed to reach the third, out of eight bosses and honestly I dont really feel like trying any more. Which means after seeing less than 50% of the game I already want to stop playing because its just so unrewarding.The best would be to have a constant progress if you ask me. That way good players would play through it quicker, while bad players would at least be able to play through it if they invest more time. Also, it would make the floors less of a pain to play because you could for example deal more damage and thus being able to clear the first floors quicker on your 150th play through.TL;DRIts far from perfect, but buy it if you REALLY love rogue likes. Its lacking a good reward system and decent item system and the difficulty is too punishing. Would recommend getting it on a discount at the moment."
,Not Recommended,407560,34940035,Posted: 13 September,all,TheDankyKing,I would recommend this game but the game is still plagued with bugs and it seems they have forgotten about it as well.
,Not Recommended,407560,31002046,Posted: 7 April,all,Crewman Six,"Left em wanting more.  I don't know if it is as stupid as since it is called Killing Room, my brain associates it with Killing Floor (which is amazing) and thus i want THAT level of mutant and gore and gunplay?  maybe.  The guns left me wanting.  they did not ""feel"" exciting.  The monsters were not as horrifying as i would have liked for the level of drama.  The woman's voice work sounds like a programmable robot speaking as opposed to an actual actress doing voice work.  The load times are awful and each time you go between rooms it ""jumps"" a bit as it loads all the enemies in and shuts the door behind you, rather than a smooth transition.I'm going to say pass, but always hope that this game becomes as amazing as the premise is."
,Recommended,407560,26220088,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Vexen77,"honestly one of my favourite gamesTons of items,super random,incredibly replayable,a bunch of levels (not that youll make it to the last one often :P)and im sure much much more to come!!"
76561198064337534,Recommended,407560,26147401,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ABOBin hood,"Hard enough.....The farther you go. the easier it becomes to survive lol, somewhat after 3rd floor i guess, and last boss is actually the easiest, hm. Devs should probably do something about that ;)....You know, sad to admit, but... i dont want to play this game after 1 beating, sooo i suggest to buy it on -75% if u got any patience. You won't buy it, you won't miss anything, honestly :) think for yourself"
,Recommended,407560,26200166,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,destro,"Basically the binding of isaac in first person. The issue with this game though, I think, is that there's way too many negative items vs positive ones. Even the negative ones do nothing, really. There are some runs made literally impossible By how much the game throws♥♥♥♥♥♥in your face. While a bad item run in Binding of Isaac can be challenging, Killing Room just says ""Oh well i'm just gonna take away 15% of your max health"". Like i'll get a certain item on the first floor and just restart the run. And I have to do this around 50% of the time.CONS- Why do I lose audience approval when I go into the next main room, even after i've cleared all the side rooms?-Some of the puzzles are plain broken.-Stage 4 literally has the same boss and scenery.-The bear traps are just plain cheap. Binding of isaac has them because it's an overview game. Later in Killing Room, there's 5 or 6 in one room. ffs- Why are there couch cushions everywhere if I can't put them over the spikes?- The combat isn't difficult, you lose almost every time unless you're an RNG god. You always end up using the pistol because the pickups have NO AMMO. I would recommend going the BOI route and having items that make your pistol have status effects, ammo upgrades, damage upgrades, etc.- Long Loading times, unoptimized. Whenever the orange lazer beam effect is used, textures glitch out and I start to lose frames. Changing resolutions or AA doesn't help for me.I SAY ALL THIS TO SAYIt can be fun. I've wanted a first person BOI for so long, and if this is simply the first version (1.0.0), then it's not that bad.PROS-Enemy designs are cool and unique (until stage 4)-It appeals to streamers by having their fans vote and give them items for their runs. I don't see this being used very often, but it's a cool idea.-The combat can be fun, the issue is that the game basically sets you up to fail everytime. That's OK to an extent, but you can only get so good at the game. Eventually it comes down to about 75% luck.-Permanent Items. THANK YOU. Basically after getting to certain points you get permanent perks. It's cool, and a little incentive to at least finish that last stage before you get ♥♥♥♥ed over by the next worm or giant stomping thing or flying baby head with a knife.- I love the mechanic of either getting a good gun, or a lot of money to try your luck at the shop. I think that's pretty cool. I do hate just getting a flyswatter and having to restart my run, though.- the music is killerOverall, it's OK. for $5 it's not bad, but it has a long way to go before it can join the ranks of even decent rouge's like Enter The Gungeon, let alone amazing ones like Binding of Isaac Afterbirth and Risk Of Rain.I barely reccomend it, mainly to see how it turns out in the future.6.5/10 (for now)"
76561198272345784,Recommended,407560,34678505,Posted: 2 September,all,gandreoff,Good game #famsquad
76561198253433549,Not Recommended,407560,26438920,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,NONAME_CLOUD,"As a Chinese, it is glad to see Chinese.The idea of this game is really good, but it still has lots of things to upgrade.The feeling of shoting is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ to be a FPS game, it is fatal flaw.And, it is stupid to make the attack's power so low, a good hard game like Dark Soul or Doom are make the fight be short, your enemy is same as you, same Hp, same Atk. Killing Room's choice is make the character's atk so low, and it is waste of time. I think you may try to make the fight be fast but not slower, and make the design of dungeon be more interesting. Same to the Bossroom, it can be more impressive but not Run away, shot by luck, miss, run, reload, shot....If this game can be better, I will change my idea.Thanks for Chinese trasnslation."
,Not Recommended,407560,29243196,Posted: 14 January,all,Jupitorre,"Not only is the game repetitive without much variation in weaponry, the ""random"" generation of the rooms is complete Sh*t.""Oh yes, let spawn several exploding mobs on either side of the room with the rest filled with explosive barrels."" Don't get me started on the mystery box item that you buy at the shop. Rare or legendary bad items? Sure take 5! Common good item? Here have a 1% increase in crit rate. Good luck getting that to proc in anycase with your♥♥♥♥♥♥poor ammo capacity! 7 shots in your starter pistol and 1 shot in your double barrel sawed off! 1 round in a double barrel!Don't get me started on the bosses though. Unless you somehow steal the very boots off hermes himself, enjoy getting ganked by majority of bosses and mobs. Speaking of mobs, projectile shooting snowmen that not only do damage but have predictive shots and slow you instantly down are the most overpowered pieces of garbage in this game.All in all, don't buy this game if you're coming from the Binding of Isaac and thinking this will be a 3D take on the rogue like rpg. You will die without warning no matter how good of a shot you are (because aiming makes you standstill and use stamina. WTF?) and how well you try to play at the games points of chance. The decks are stacked against you, and only if you somehow get the stars to align, will you manage to get to any point of confidence within the game that makes it enjoyable."
,Recommended,407560,26369202,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dargadon,"Binding of Isaac. Now in 3D, with blackjack, hookers and black humor."
,Recommended,407560,26221867,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Katnip™,"A small, fun little roguelike-FPS-thing. Still a ways to go, but right now it's worth the price of admission. It requires you to balance 'popularity' on top of normal roguelike mechanics, which makes for some fun decisions. Some things I would recommend addressing--Make popularity play better with items. Right now there's no penalty for buying items or taking them, and the ways to gain popularity are infrequent and kind of arbitrary.-More elaborate levels. Right now, the levels are all literal straight lines with side paths that just dead end one or two rooms later. Most of them tend to be on the short side, as well, meaning there's not much time to actually do 'roguelike' things.-Aiming takes stamina why?Overall, though, the complaints are pretty minor, and I've more than gotten my money out of it. The developers put out a patch at the time of writing this review that addresses several complaints already made, so hopefully that's a sign they'll stick with it!"
76561198078813091,Recommended,407560,26143850,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Mugen,"good game but needs a controller support, thx"
76561198095027756,Recommended,407560,26145377,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[GPF] Dejv,Cool game - interesting idea about the voting and popularity
,Recommended,407560,26247376,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,FourLime,"Well I like it, just a few patches and it is upp and running like butter in the celing."
,Not Recommended,407560,26253229,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,POS,"the tutorial was fun, wish i could say the same about the rest of the game but my computer crashes and shuts off 5 minutes into gameplay every single time. given that my power button is broken it's the best $6.59 i ever spent"
,Not Recommended,407560,26256750,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cherry Bobble,"I wanted to like this game, I wish I didn't pass the threshhold to get a refund, but stupid me kept alt tabbing with the game open. When I sit down and play it, I realize, I kept alt tabbing because it was boring and didn't hold my attention. There is a good game in there somewhere... it could have been like an RNG painkiller, but instead its marred by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics, like the whole only able to hold 2-3 weapons thing, and the fact ammo is INCREDIBLY scarce, even when you use vending machines like a mad man. Also there are enemy types that don't provide a challenge but instead are just annoying rather than fun to fight.I hope with new additions and patches the game improves, but to be honest, unless the devs do a full rebalance, I don't see any improvement happening... the fact all you use is a pistol 80% of any run just shows the devs don't know what makes first person shooters fun."
,Recommended,407560,33170768,Posted: 2 July,all,Fat_itallion gamdom.com,this game is the binding of issac but on crack and guns
76561198056923842,Recommended,407560,26169173,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,IcyCerberus,"I really want to like this game as it seems fast paced and varied, unfortunately it’s neither. Dying and starting over is a key element but it stinks, as you have to muscle through the first couple levels with a crummy pistol killing the same mobs and bosses in the same sequence over and over.GIVE ME MORE GUNS AND AMMO!"
76561198004436165,Recommended,407560,26189979,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Maxend,"Cheap fun and funny, would love to see the film. Worth it of it's on sale but be warned it's nails hard."
,Recommended,407560,26165912,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,renzo ✰,IS IT WORTH IT FOR THE PRICE? YEAH KINDA 6.4/1010$ is iffy but if this games on deal its definitely something to go back and give a second look.Binding of Issac grew up and entered a game show were you kill rooms of randomly genereted enemies and then have to fight suprisingly hard bosses if you're not well equipped by then.The game runs well and has nice graphics but sometimes when you're running around a room trying to fight off a lot of enemies you'll get caught on a damn box or chair that just happened to be in the wayand so much traps :(I imagine the devs will give more options/settings in gamehopefullyThe humor in it is nice and your characters constant frustation of getting bad items will keep you well entertained.
,Recommended,407560,26141784,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Scy*trA,"Game with great mechanics, randomnes a dark humourand for 5 bucks its steal ... full recommendation !!"
,Recommended,407560,26172307,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,BushidoRed,"A decent rogue like with a decent amount of chaos and a good feel to it. It isn't perfect but it is challenging, and the Dev's seem pretty genuine; plus the voice acting is PERFECT (never change it <3)"
76561197971402784,Recommended,407560,26147605,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Andrew,"Ive only gotten to the second floor so far. I hope there is more variety in the rooms/areas.Has some cool features and potential, but a few quirks annoyed me.1. No seperate sliders for SFX and Music in Audio options2. Strafing has a screen tilt effect3. Lots of jagged edges even with antialising enabled (probably due to Unity)4. Must press R to reload, there is no auto-reload by mouse click (annoying)5. Iron sight aiming reduces stamina too much, when it should only slow down the player's movementSome things I liked:1. Leveling/upgrade system2. Some items are beneficial, some are detrimental. Some cool bonuses on certain items (like take no explosion damage)3. Can spend popularity points to gain advantages, or spend money when you find a shop4. Can use objects for cover, and also turn them over or throw them5. There are also melee weaponsYou can check out my blind first play of the game herehttps://www.twitch.tv/permacore/v/96274129I dont blame the devs for my own stepping on traps."
76561198001527457,Recommended,407560,28160112,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/makarimorph,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSlR2JRZWXcDid a lets play on this and right after streamed it with my followers,This is such an awe to play and I loved every second of it. will definatly be playing it with my stream more often!"
76561198113975808,Recommended,407560,30175492,Posted: 25 February,all,Ballista,Добавте мультиплеер !
,Recommended,407560,26504006,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Monsieur Kwis,"Where do I start? Maybe I should start with what is negative:- In term of design, the game feels weird. Like... not the best kind of weird. Monsters look odd and rather ugly... I think they could look more interesting. Also, they get repetitive on later levels, as they get recycled with different colors.- In term of gameplay, weapons don't make you feel like they have enough punch to it. Also, sometimes they don't feel as powerful as your pistol, (your main weapon) especially when you upgrade the latter through the game. Hitboxes seem a bit buggy as well. As an FPS, it's clearly not the best kind. Fortunately it's not just about being an FPS.- It doesn't feel completely finished. Some bugs, some messy stuff... but I have seen much worse.But for what I found positive:- It's difficult (sometimes frustrating). It feels like a good challenge and on this matter, it does its rogue-like part well. Maybe too much RNG... but it's part of what makes it excting. Although sometimes you feel like it's screwing you over on purpose... Bosses can get frustrating though, but it feels satisfying to beat them.- The items are rather interesting on the way they influence your gameplay.- The popularity system makes it difficult for you to make the right decisions. Sometimes, you deny an advantage you could have at the benefit of popularity, which rewards you good items at the end of a level... an gives you a bad item if you have a bad popularity.Some tips though:- Love your pistol. Keep your ammo for bosses, you won't get much ammo at all! Your best friends are your feet (to run and jump) and your pistol!- Don't kill ducks. Ducks are love. Ducks are life.Overall, I would recommend this game if you are in for a challenge. It's a rogue-like, so expect it to be frustrating! Also, it's quite honestly cheap for what it is in my opinion. :)"
,Recommended,407560,30857049,Posted: 31 March,all,JD,"Walking with just one leg is okay, but with one leg and wearing high heels? Some sick moves bro!This game is damn fabulous!"
,Recommended,407560,28084319,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,˙●✪ŦéäמЌĨĻŁēґ☭,This game is very interesting but its very hard i want the new update where you save and you continue from save where you died because i cant already paly this game i clearly start hating it but i still recomend this game to  people who like hardcore on even normall mode good luck with dying 666 times
76561198064371350,Recommended,407560,27380618,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bowsero3,Really fun game and has great twists.
76561198337731021,Recommended,407560,26316539,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,sushibeans609,"What a blast! This is a great piece of fun. Havent even got past  the second floor yet but its a good laugh , balancing survival with popularity is a hard task and you absolutley need popularity to survive. I tried to Rambo around the level but you run out of ammo and then at the end of the level you wont get a bonus from the audience. The look of the enemies and levels is nice and the soundtrack has a awesome rocking feel to it as well. Grab this while its on sale as its definitley a bargain. God knows if ill ever make it to the 8th floor.Note*- Steam controller would work best here, not that the key bindings are awkward in any way its just you need to be quite fast on your feet in certain areas and especially for bosses i think controller use is ideal."
,Recommended,407560,26550385,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Grimcaribou,"This is a wonderful game that is incredibly as you progress. My tip, get good."
,Recommended,407560,26552434,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MAD King,"This game is like waking into an explosion of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you karate chop like a muda♥♥♥♥a for the pleasure of scum bags you hate like people who walk while texting, look up ♥♥♥♥♥ before i♥♥♥♥♥♥slap your teeth! Anyhow, this game is dope, 10 bucks? ♥♥♥♥ it man, do it!"
76561198045937743,Recommended,407560,26583024,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,autism is my superpower,"Pretty nice gameI love those kind of games, it costs... a bit too much i would think, but still, a few more upgrades (more items, monsters,...) and it would be really good...Random generated Boss Rooms would also be hardcore, even though u probs won't win against the end boss in the first roomAlot of humour in it, fits perfectly in those kind of gamesi r8 this game 9/11 cuz of those explosions...but no Twin Towers included ;(Love it.Heil TrumpSpiderman shirt + Witch = OPPS:I love spiderman slap videos"
,Recommended,407560,26557121,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,M.A.R.K,"Magniflorious, no word discribes it better.I have enjoyed every moment INCLUDING the time i was crippled, missing a leg and blindedThe game has easily reached my favourites list and a permenant game to play, that is until i see everything, which i believe will be a very very long timethe game is great with its combations of items, be them good or bad.mosters are... strange and look out of place the first few rounds but grow on you"
,Recommended,407560,26368621,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Spud the Wise,It's awesome but id really like to see more items implimented in the future. other than that i think this is a great game.
76561197970265472,Recommended,407560,26232922,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Annoch,"Honestly, a far better game than it has any right to be.  It is exactly what it says on the package:  a procedurely generated FPS with a horror/gameshow like theme.  Reminds me a lot of first person Binding of Isaac.  There are some performance optimization issues at the moment, but the dev it releasing patches really regularly, at least for the moment.  Certianly worth it if the description sounds good.  Might get boring after a few play throughs, as most of these games do, but that could be saved with updates.  We will see..."
,Recommended,407560,32550770,Posted: 18 June,all,Promethazine,AMAZIN
,Recommended,407560,26177140,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Xerferin,"Very interesting game. lots of good idea, from survival in game to the audience of a streamer being able to vote on what is going on. More than a few games could take a page from this games book."
76561198016432057,Recommended,407560,26469599,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Pistolwhip,fun game
76561198075479353,Not Recommended,407560,29981873,Posted: 17 February,all,Stormy,What the hell. First you force kill me on the first boss. Now I had full health and the bosses health bar had none. Shot it about 100 more times and nothing. Reinstaled the game. Still same issue. Exit game sees I have 3 deaths. Even though I only died once. The other two was trying to fix the game. If your going to have a game at least fix some glaring bugs.
76561198160084485,Recommended,407560,26405748,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Littlefly,Killing Room is a great game to play if you want to kill some time BUT if you plan on buying it be prepart to die over and over again since that's the point of the game. Now i can't really say if it's a good game or not because i'm not experienced with games like this. My personal opinion is: It's an interesting and fun little game but it's a little too hard for me. Even though it's hard i'm gonna keep playing it and hope for a patch in the future where it gets a little bit easier.(Sorry if i misspelled something)
,Recommended,407560,34741061,Posted: 4 September,all,Jake Paulers,"Its like playing an awsome more intense twist of isaac, and i love it"
76561198104532883,Recommended,407560,26368294,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TheAngryAtom,"First off, It's a pretty damn hard game, so it's great if you like to punish yourself. (Pros - Fast paced gameplay, puzzles, well designed rooms, graphically amusing, good humour, an interesting popularity rewards system, fun and very challenging at times (sometimes it's even unfair, like when you walk into a room and there's gas barrels right next to you and an enemy rolls it into your crosshair, killing you and the enemy).Cons - Now, i'm not going to be too brutal here because I did enjoy the game, but, the enemies are the same for all 8 floors, just with a colour change and stat alterations (each boss is basically a repeat too, but there are a couple of funny spins on some of them though, and of course the fina boss is different), There are a few bugs here and there (careful when trying to jump accurately through puzzle rooms, haha), There is a lack of ammunition for what is expected to be killed, unless you want to spend 10 minutes on the 2nd floor boss taking him down with a pistol and trying not to die which is freaking hard. Some of the enemies have BS attacks, mainly the ones that are essentially homing projectiles, So when you're in a scrap trying to take them out (not to mention the projectiles put a slow debuff on you) there are a bunch of other melee enemies blocking the way, so you blow all your ammo on them, then the ranged guys just pick you off, There needs to be a little more balancing.Overall - 7/10 - It's very fun if you enjoy rogue-like FPS games that are incredibly challenging, with humour incorporated into the formula."
76561198202131422,Recommended,407560,26414870,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,pika pika bitch csgobounty.com,Great game it's enjoyable with a new idea if you like a challenge or a rogue like game with rng like binding of Isaac then this game is for you if you don't you can still try it and you might like it overall i would say this game is worth it's 10$ prise but you can try to get it on sale if you want
,Recommended,407560,26366554,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,mkaiser0520,"The game is awesome, I only wish that they would make it so that you can use a controller im not that good with a keyboard. And maybe add in a coop setting"
,Recommended,407560,26363082,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,KAZUMA KAZUMA KAZUMA KAZUMA,"Amazing FPS game, not really HORROR but kinda spoopy i guess.Lacks a bit of content but hey, it came out 2 weeks ago (when i'm writing this obviously).Performence is pretty good im running stable 35 fps on my medium end PC (4 gigs ram fml).Kinda difficult but challenging!I have big expectations of this game and i hope to see it get updated more!idk why it says i got this for free lol i paid 8$"
,Recommended,407560,26364469,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,RandomArmyStudios,it needs eaither part of full controller support with my hands its kinda hard to play this game other then that the game is fantastic
,Recommended,407560,26361091,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,YeahbroL9A1,"Good game don't let anyone else tell you otherwise. Plus before you hate on this review because of my time spent on the game that was me trying to run it on my crap windows laptop AKA craptop. So sadly i'm one of the people waiting for the mac release but hey, I got it for five bucks so i'm good with that! Whenever they release it for mac oh boy my life.... where will it go.... oh no... but oh yes!"
76561197990322453,Recommended,407560,26197076,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,JudgeDreadLockz - Twitch,for £4.19 its not a bad little game. only problem i have with it is the bosses aren't randomly generated but for a game of this value i'm not surprised i'd pick it up even if you're remotely interested.
76561198108789125,Not Recommended,407560,26365995,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,KhorneHub,I don't recomend this. NOT BECAUSE ITS A BAD GAME. Just beacuse it is pointless unless you are going to stream or have people watching you play. Also its mildly infuriating.
,Not Recommended,407560,26364658,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hentai Princess,"I've played a variety of rogue like games such as Binding of Isaac, Nuclear Throne, and ect, but the Killing Room has to be the worst. I understand that it was just released, but I believe that I should be able to kill a floor 2 boss with just my shotgun or any other gun I picked up along the way. I do not understand why I save up my ammo (which is barely anything when you fight bosses in regards to damage) just to do 1/4 of its health bar. When I got to floor 3 I was faced with having to run around every single room 8 times and turn back every lap just to do damage to a single enemy. The accuracy and damage of the pistol does not get better and so if I just used my ammo from the very last boss fight, then I am stuck doing a repetitive process over and over again every room. Not only am I trying to pay attention to the enemies which can catch up to me in a second if I stop running, I have to pay attention to all of the traps that are set for me too. Now its not a super difficult task but it makes every room take even longer to complete and considering the fact that you have to branch off the main rooms just to get a single item which barely makes a difference, it is very tedious and not rewarding for having to take even more time. The health from the first boss to the second boss does not scale very well considering I could kill the first boss with the shotgun alone and then the second boss I have to get headshots just to do barely enough damage to take 1/4 of his health with all of my shotgun shells and having to finish it by using my pistol which takes 5 minutes of running around, trying to turn around and shoot at it while it comes at me which makes me have to run again or else I will take damage. The one thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off is when I got a mystery box, it gave me a perk that gives double the melee damage, IF YOU HAVE THE BAT ON YOU. I have never seen the bat before and I have died quite a lot just because of how punishing this game is. I want to be able to just get runs where I can go through the first couple of stages and feel the right mixture of difficulty and fun at the same time. I would also like the runs where I just pick up one or two items that work well together and completely demolish every single enemy and be overpowered and be satisfied for another 10-15 runs knowing that I did really well that one time. I do not know if this is how everyone else feels but it certainIy is how I love playing rogue like games.I think this game has amazing potential but it has a lot of patches to go through. Overall 4/10"
,Not Recommended,407560,26347722,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Scroll,"Not a ton of fun. The trailer makes it look like an amazing rogue-like fps. I wasn't impressed. Combat didn't feel great. The starting pistol is something you'll be using a lot. You will spend several floors kiting enemies in circles, spraying 7 rounds while walking backwards (half might hit, because without upgrades the pistol is wildly inaccurite) and then you'll spend 3 seconds reloading it, just to repeat. That's the bulk of the first 3 floors. At this point you'll probably be bored and want new guns. Well too bad. I don't think good guns spawn in early floors. I did run into the same submachine gun 3 times in a row though, so hey, swap that out with the one you already have and enjoy that free ammo for a room or two. But don't expect ammo often, unless you're willing to pay through the nose for it. For a game that looks so fast paced in the trailers, you would be suprised at how many of the mechanics are built to slow you down and make you scrape by with very limited ammo and crawl through rooms to avoid traps. If I want to play something like this, I'd gladly stick to Ziggurat or maybe even Paranotical.The only redeaming part of this game is it looks kinda pretty and the boss intros are really cinematic."
76561198179766473,Recommended,407560,34701600,Posted: 2 September,all,Sargon Richtofen,2/10 Not enough snowmen
76561198043968403,Not Recommended,407560,26425854,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Paxtonize,"Looks cool , but gets repetetive ,meaningless upgrades that dont motivate the effort that goes into getting them,bosses with too much health , a starting gun that feels rubbish but is pretty mutch mandatory.a stamina system that would fit more into slender then a shooter.boring levels with easy-to-get-stuck-on clutter , guns that feel like crap , including the meele weapons.bad feedback when shooting enemies,  feels slow , even on the highest FOV setting.the game has some promise , the animations looked nice,but currently , its just not fun to play.refund , sadly . it looked good."
76561197983405694,Not Recommended,407560,26432849,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MinusNothing,"The game has a very interesting concept.Some people complain that the graphics look sloppily made with a Unity starter development kit, recycling premade assets, I found the graphics at least satisfactory.It is insanely difficult to hide its' unrefined and uneven gameplay mechanics, not all keys can be customized to the players' preferences, and it is somewhat insulting the player.If you dont mind getting cheaply killed again and again in certain levels, give it a shot.Dont say we didnt warn you though, and be ready for a quick refund.EDIT:On 22/6 I revisited the game, still it is difficult just for the sake of being difficult, not for being a rogue game.The hostile gameplay against the player is deliberate to hide its flaws like bad level and gameplay design, and small overall duration.There some good points, but are far better examples of rogue games on steam like Ziggurat, and more recently, Immortal Redneck that offer a better rounded experience."
,Recommended,407560,26191317,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Oxibot,"This is a pretty surprising game. I didn't expect the mechanics to be so tight. It is pretty unforgiving though, but that's what you'd expect from a roguelike.The premise is pretty simple and the visuals are nice. I can see a lot of replayability here.I made a highlights video of the gameplay if you'd like to see it in action, feel free to check it out:https://youtu.be/tWme_QKmt5M"
76561198049638242,Recommended,407560,26166320,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Proxidist,"It has a fair few issues, but apart from the issues it's a pretty fun game"
76561198127894847,Recommended,407560,26222387,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,[SSMD] Jared,This game is worth it especially on sale! Its fun and challenging with plenty of random perks and enemies.Would buy at full price.
76561198084935483,Recommended,407560,26147699,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"Definitely an exhilarating game - you go room to room and have no idea what the hell is in store for you as you shoot floating baby heads - you aim as if you are shooting with your f*cking feet. It's wonderful. Each level you gain popularity or lose it while possibly getting items from the audience if you LIVE. You get skill points to use at the end of the rooms. Oh yeah, you also run out of breath in 2 seconds flat. The game is awesome because you don't know what to expect and there are a lot of challenges!If you're looking for some fun, rage and excitement then this is the game for you! Oh and the receptionist is really hot.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2ke1_Oh2vE"
76561198077359766,Recommended,407560,27915843,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BATMAN,why iS IT SO DIFFICULT1.start out with pretty decent items2.everything starts to get harder and you fall for stupid tricks3.you almost die and you are starting to rage4.you are at the last FRICKEN BOSS and you die5.1 out of 1 million6.hate this game spent to long trying to beat it7.overall 10/11
76561198137732247,Recommended,407560,26157753,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Smile,"Fun but somewhat repetitiveOn first glance,the game seems like a FPS version of binding of isaac(which was why I even got it in the first place),but the game actually differs a lot from binding of isaac. First,the game doesn't depend heavily on items,so it doesn't encourage you to spawn grind as much as binding of isaac does)Second,the game features a unique popularity system that judges from your ingame actions. But because of the game's items doesn't change much to the gamegameplay, it's basically the same formula throughout the whole game.Reasons why I would recommend you to get this game•Unique popularity system which judges you by your ingame actionsuch as using health/ammo/cash machines.•Challenging but addictive gameplay•Player stat upgrades between rounds allow for slightly different strategiesReasons why I wouldn't recommend you to get this game•Gamebreaking bugs(getting stuck ,unresponsive controls)•Traps which ruins the fast pace of the game•Stupid game mechanics(in a game where enemies constantly chases you, you need stamina to aim and the staminq depletes even quicker for aiming than running...)•Not much enemy varieties, some are just reskins of others with slightly little changes•Ammo for all guns(except the default pistol,which has infinite ammo)are hard to come by, which forces you to use the default pistol 99% of the time•The game highly encourages you to run and gun(with stamina needed to aim and almost all enemies chases you constantly),which results in the same repetitive gameplayEven though there's a lot that the game can improve on, it's still an enjoyable experience nevertheless.I would recommend this game for those who are interested in both rogue like games and FPS."
,Recommended,407560,26157244,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Apex Funplayer,"I was reluctant to buy this, because of the small review count. I was plesantly surprised at the quality of this content. The game itself is quite difficult. Really wasn't expecting to be compelled to play over and over, even though it says roguelike.Gameplay itself is very good, but sometimes the bullets get stuck on dieing corpses. If you could have the dieing corpses have bullet passability, it would make for an easier experience. However from my experience with the items, that could very well just be an item.So far I'm really enjoying the game, and I suggest it to anyone who enjoyed The Binding of Isaac, and have a background in shooters."
76561198143872828,Recommended,407560,26275866,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Exodus N,"I enjoy it, Some people dislike it due to its simplicity, but i find it very fun in short bursts. Buy it on a sale."
76561198042050997,Recommended,407560,26158580,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The Scourge,"one of the best and most challenging games ive bought in awhile actually, good graphics, cool guns, cool loot, cool characteristics, i can go on all day about how cool this game is, and i really only have a few things about the game that i kinda dont like, roughly 3 being when you die you have to start over, (makes sense since you never play as the same character after death) i dont like the random vendor box, most of the time you get♥♥♥♥♥♥or negative attributes you have to takes with you through the rest of your endevours, such as losing an eye having to wear eyepatch, or getting your leg severd off and having to hop (your basically dead if this happens) all sorts of cool and neat ideas, game is very challenging in a easy way, as long as you know what your fighting and how they act usually your ok, but the bosses can be the tough ones.one thing i would really like them to fix, is the ammo magazine ups, after every level you can level up a tad, one of them is magazines for guns, but it only works for guns you pick up not your pistol, at least as far as i know it doesnt work for the pistol but i did sink 4 points into it thats 2 levels complete, and it was still a 7 rd mag, so yeah was a bit disapointed in that, or even faster reload which im unsure if it exists, it could be a random perk you can get.but yeah game is fun check it out for yourself"
76561197968304707,Not Recommended,407560,26190218,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,faustie,"It's hard to argue with the price ( picked it up 40% off)Great concept, a smash TV for the modern age, but the game itself is very small.  No large environments, no verticality,incredibly limited monster variations, limited weapon variations. The game offers you a randomized hero that's really just a different name and different starting perk of default 'guy.'  It does its best to mix it up with the buff/debuff selection but it's random to a point of never being able to really gear up a build for any specific process.A number of minor bugs can be distracting too, such as the death counter counting 2 deaths for every 1 time you die, enemy logic that gets stuck on boxes, and unnavoidable enemy attacks. ( the frost lasers are just abysmal.) The traps should be fun, but the limited environments really kill it.  The guns feel sloppy,  There's no default melee action, and  you cannot get ammo drops from bad guys as far as I can tell.  There's more, but honestly whatever. :)  You could enjoy it if you don't mind the game being genuinely unfair against you."
76561198030179866,Recommended,407560,26184429,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pierrovitch,2 hours on count.Do you want to get +25 rep and take a bad item? OF COURSE... I just lost a leg>> RestartDo you want to get +25 rep and take a bad item? OF COURSE... i just lost an eye5€ well spent and this is going to be soooo fun xD9/10 (because no coop planned)
,Recommended,407560,31468373,Posted: 30 April,all,Merely a Hawk,It's basically newer Smash Tv that feels like killing floor infused with The binding of isaac. Has no business being this fun with a ten dollar price tag
,Recommended,407560,31210513,Posted: 17 April,all,DatPancakeGamer7500,"I love the concept of your on a deadly gameshow and your trying to win it for what ever prize. Good varitiy in enemies and wepons, plus the random gen rooms is cool and keeps you playing. Overall 8/10 good game."
,Not Recommended,407560,34224709,Posted: 13 August,all,Barbarenbaer,"Great game idea with a lot of flaws.It's a hard game, a lot of glitches make it even harder. No real progress. You die, you lose everything. A lof of luck involved. Get bad items, you die early, get good items, die later. There should be something that really rewards you for trying, improves your starting stats so you get a better change of finishing it. Look at Rouge Legacy for example. More enemy variation would be great, a real bunch of reskins."
,Recommended,407560,26152986,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,St4rDustSpirit,"This game would be even better if you could play it on a controller. Because for some people, like me, they can't play any PC games on the keyboard very well."
76561198113268585,Recommended,407560,26291291,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Banditos Way,Killing Room is a lot of fun to play..I enjoy how difficult this game is ( I haven't made it past the 5th boss yet). Every playthrough is different as you get a different starter perk and also the levels are procedurally generated so the layout of the floors changes. The devs are continually working on their baby with fixes and the edition of holiday themed perks and also the edition of hardcore mode. Its a really cheap game as well (currently on sale for $8.50). I would recommend trying it out as you can always refund if its not your thing.
76561198040080087,Recommended,407560,27974938,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MikeHoskens17 MH17,"Rogue like game, I LIKE"
,Not Recommended,407560,26156126,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,vick,"killing roomkilling room is a ""procedurally generated"" roguelike fps- and with procedurally generated they mean that they have an x amount of rooms that will be placed in random locations on the floor youre currently on. sort of like isaac but less enemies and variation.performancei ran this game at 300 fps (on low, gtx 970) and still felt like the game was LAGGING (under 60 fps). this made me feel like the animations were laggy and uncomfortable.enemiesmost enemies take about 8-10 shots with your regular pistol. after a while, when the game suddenly decides you will get harder levels (there is no setting for this as far as i know?), enemies and bosses will predict your movement and at times make it impossible to shoot (see gunplay).at floor 3 you will meet the presumably most annoying enemy youve ever met in any game. the f*cking worms. laggy animations, fast as all hell and because of the accuracy system (see gunplay), is almost impossible to headshot.the ""randomly generated levels"" dont mean much in this game, as the enemies are also the same each run. floor 1 has a set of enemies, 2 has different (but always the same) etc.at times there are machine-only rooms- rooms without enemies but only turrets or similar. more than 6 times when the turrets stopped shooting completely, their apparently invisible lazers still hit and hurt me.gunplaywhen the enemies decide to get harder and predict your movement, its very hard to both move and shoot at the same time. not because its hard avoiding them, but theres also stamina in the game. stamina which is used to aiming down your sights, SPRINTING, and JUMPING (yes, really) which lets you, at max stamina, aim down your sights for about 4 seconds. because this is an RPG inspired game, every shot you hits a random location. and since you cant both avoid enemies and aim down your sights at the same time (when aiming down your sights you are 5x slower than usual), you have to use the regular hipfire which hits about 40-60% of your shots at low-medium range. this makes it very frustrating trying to kill bosses or a bigger group of enemies.conclusioni knew this game was made in unity before i even checked. its not very well made and runs like complete a*s. its fun. really is. for the first hour. it also gave me horrible motion sickness. i mightve been able to recommend this game if it was in early access, but as of now, sorry i just cant."
,Not Recommended,407560,26171866,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Capital D,"It s a great idea, but lacks the polish and control of say Ziggurat. It relys on cheap tactics to make the game harder than it should be. The spectator system could be really neat, except it would take someone else to actually want to watch you play for hours? and the game is balanced to that? Game is too stingy with items and is punishing without them. frustrating control. Freezing shot enemies are horribly overpowered due to this. needs more time in the oven. I see that there is a dev response to the effect of move in a different direction to dodge, which is cute since the engagment ranges are so short, this makes little differenceas some mobs just shoot in the new direction and you'll be hit by something. Obviously its not impossible, but it isn't fun enough to commit to playing for most people I'd bet."
,Recommended,407560,29745660,Posted: 6 February,all,god magfly,great game worth 10 dollars
,Recommended,407560,26140897,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Jollyrolls the Pirate,"First contestant - Murdered by giant snowman.  I feel violated, like Shannon Elizabeth in Jack Frost.Second contestant - I am going to kill this snowman.  Just need a little popularity boost.  This suicide booth only has a 25% chance of killing me.Third contestant - Well, I am not stupid enough to try that again.  But this wheel only has a one in ten chance of killing me.  I really could use a good item.Fourth contestant - I have found a fly swatter.  I think that has a type advantage against exploding, disembodied heads.Fifth contestant - **Huddles in empty refrigerator and dies of starvation.**  Most successful run yet.10/10, would die horrifically again.  And again.  AND AGAIN!?"
76561198055952234,Recommended,407560,26448421,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,PYRỘ is a failure,how do i get a refund
,Recommended,407560,26192477,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,RNGsus,"Absolutely loving this game! Anyone complaining about the accuracy: It's part of the game, get through the first floor."
76561198047691873,Recommended,407560,26177781,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,WOGSTA100,REALLY CRAZY AND FUN!
76561198034991663,Recommended,407560,26141857,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Zeu,"Great game for its price. If you are fan of Rogue-like and FPS games, you will definitely enyoy this one.Variety of items and weapons + great enemies and bosses.Floating baby heads with knives chasing you arround the room ... HELL YEAH !"
,Recommended,407560,35037326,Posted: 17 September,all,Skilled Motion,This game is very fun and you could spend hours on it!
,Not Recommended,407560,32387248,Posted: 13 June,all,Brianibrain,"When I first started playing this game, my first thought was that it was awesome. Awesome graphics, gameplay, and environment. However, I must say .... PERMADEATH belongs in short horror games, not FPS. After replaying the beginning of the game several times, I'm already burned out. I don't want to play it anymore, and I've only had it for 2 weeks. Actually only played it for a total of a couple of hours. Check it out for yourself:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oIpcjImYWs"
76561198055318578,Recommended,407560,26412790,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,_-TehEpicPotato-_,"I won the game on my 4th attempt.This game has lots of action and murder, fast reaction speed should be one of your skills if you want to get far in this game though.I would reccomend buying this game, it's just really fun and awesome to play.Buy it for the ducklings..Save them.."
,Recommended,407560,26311440,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,African Space Jesus,i see alot of reviews compalining about optimization and yes i agree its a little jank but im getting 160 fps at an averageand using mouse and keyboard feels pretty goodits a good game it just needs some finishing touches with a patch or twoits a great price and im down with it
76561198247043588,Recommended,407560,26212100,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,kimmy,this game is really interesting
76561198002402890,Recommended,407560,26168365,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,punkguy0017,Good game but come on the manual reloading gets annoying plz fix this . also i like to use the right shift button to jump plz fix the control config. Other than that awesomen game
76561198058156743,Not Recommended,407560,26151043,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Inspector Dosh,"When I look at the name, I instantly think it's trying to be Killing Floor to a greater or lesser extent, but putting their own little spin on it being inspired by sick and twisted reality television shows. Why am I having problems with this game?Pros:- The idea of involving the imaginary audience will dictate on how much misery you decide to put yourself through. Doing things that makes your run harder can net you some pretty decent buffs at the end of the level while doing things that makes things easier can get you some pretty bad debuffs when you finish the level depending on the overall opinion of the audience.-the animation quality of the guns are not bad. Not great, but certainly shows that there was effort.- The music is pretty standard when it comes to metal music, but hey, guess that means I'm starting to run out of good things to say about it.Cons:- Despite the interesting idea of this rating system, it feels like it discourages self enjoyment on top of how scarce finding other interesting weapons to play with, let alone finding any ammuntion for it. you want to grab some extra ammo from a vending machine? Too bad if you want to keep your rating high enough to avoid the debuffs at the end of the level.- In addition to rare weapon and ammo drops, that means you are stuck using your little airsoft pistol to kill everything that does not feel good to play with due to the random nature of how bullet spread works in this game and of couse its mediocre damage output which makes the entire experience a complete chore.- Speaking of bad damage output, this makes almost all of the enemies feel extremely bullet spongey, even if you miraculously hit all of your shots, they probably are still pretty bullet spongey.-This is a rougue-lite so of course you're gonna die often, but every new run I got the same weapons drop over and over again with of course almost no ammo to be even worth using. Melee weapons are very inconsistant leading you to always getting hit with every attempt, hit or miss.-For some reason, aiming down the sights uses up your stamina and it blurs your vision despite turning off depth of field.-Almost all of the rooms look exactly the same from one another with the first 2 levels being completely linear to get to the boss.- Why are there bear traps all across the floor? To me, it feels like a lazy solution of making the rooms more interesting.- Running around a box is not the most interesting thing you could do, unless you're a cute little puppy.- The framerate is not really the best there is but there are ways of tweaking it to get 60 fps, but I would imagine someone playing on a lower end machine will not have a good time.-The third boss was one of the reasons why I gave up. I was stuck with my toy pistol most of the time and at some point, it threw mob enemies that actually pose more problems than the boss itself. Just noticing that is giving me nightmares of how RWBY Grimm Eclipse did their final boss. I don't mind if mob enemies spawn to assist the boss, but if that's the only way the boss can perform decent enough on top of infinitely respawing enemies, then clearly the boss design needs a major rework.In short, I have no desire to continue playing Killing Room. I get it, you're probably gonna tell me to save ammo for the boss, but lets face it. I have to use the toy pistol around 90 percent of the time while the remaining 9 percent is using the fun stuff. Do you want me to include the 1 percent on where you try to melee with a flyswatter? Well I did it anyway. I mean seriously, are you looking for a horde game that actually promotes fun? Go play Killing Floor, its sequel, or both. Save that money for this game for something else."
,Not Recommended,407560,29619932,Posted: 31 January,all,justmutantjed,"Your mileage may vary, but I didn't really enjoy this game a whole lot.I find the concept to be rock-solid; a roguelike FPS is a great idea, but the compartmentalised nature of the game locked it down a little too tightly. Occasionally, I like the ability to backtrack or run to safety and snipe, and you can't do that in this game. My style is a little more suited for Borderlands than it is for this game.Don't get me wrong, the in-game justification for WHY the game is how it is can't be faulted. You're in a Running Man-style gameshow, and so it makes narrative sense to go from compartment to compartment and take one challenge or batch of monsters at a time. That's just not how I roll. Additionally, I like to play single-player, OFFLINE, and this game thrives on an online-based experience with its Twitch integration. It counts on an audience to throw things at you to change up your gameplay.On the plus side, the monsters are straight-up TERRIFYING, and there are certain mechanics that are cleverly applied.Overall, I can say that this is an OK game to buy on sale, but I personally just don't enjoy it all that much."
,Not Recommended,407560,34038133,Posted: 5 August,all,❤Lewd Bunny❤,"At this point i can't trust that your games wont crash on me every few seconds, so why would I buy your ""new"" game. If the first one is still impossible to play (at least for me), why would the next one be any better. I personally feel like u should finish the game u already have, and patch out the crashing issues, instead or adding more content that isent working right, or worse yet, releaseing a whole new game. Even if your next game is a ♥♥♥♥ing master piece off realease, no one is going to trust it to actually RUN, and it will sit for or months or years with next to no downloads. For right now i rate it 1 out of 10 because of the crashing issues, and the threat of abandonment"
,Recommended,407560,26215785,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ReaperHouse,fun game for the price
76561198076712683,Recommended,407560,29091282,Posted: 7 January,all,majorface101,Markiplier brought me here.
,Recommended,407560,26251264,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ϟ♚ϟ Bloodstained ϟ♚ϟ,Very fun game. xD <3
,Not Recommended,407560,26167647,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Pollolicious,"Honestly this game seemed to be good from the initial cut scene, overall enviorenment, concept and music. Unfortunetly the enemy animations and gun gameplay is so abysmall that it absolutely makes this game not worth it. Its sad because this game could be awesome if only it had proper gun gameplay and character animations."
76561198054397682,Not Recommended,407560,26666909,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,A Dirty Needle,"Pros:Great idea of popularity influencing the gameMonsters were wacky and fun.Looks decentCons:Somehow manages to use a ton of power dispite looking like a 360 gamePopularity system is geared unfavorably towards the playerExtreme lack of ammo, even when used sparingly and not often. And even with the ammo drops.Cheat engine should not have to make a game playable.Later levels all enemies are bullet sponges. Bear traps are a death sentence.Bad items can be run ruiners, while good items tend to barely help at all.Can only save after a level. All weapons lack punch.Dev panders to the ""hardcore"" audience while alienating casual players who are more likely to pick up this game.Melee weapons are useless due to monsters having touch damage or melee damage themselves.No replayability after final boss, you'll replay the first 4-5 levels so much you'll not even care to see them again anyway.This game was a great idea that was poorly implemented. Should have gotten a refund when I could."
76561198339153131,Recommended,407560,26143958,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,JohnnyAssasin1,Death come for me in second floor :D never mind try again! I like those enemies..pretty scary. Go for more!
76561197968029329,Recommended,407560,26141151,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Quarts,"Fantastic game, Tutorial was awesome and game is fantastic, but truly hard :D"
76561198010582764,Recommended,407560,26345903,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Di,"Fun, addicting, and LOVE the streaming part of the game!For this price, the game is worth it!Think of Smash TV, the Running Man, only now you get to be part of it in a 3d world with monster things that are just rediculous, the controls are simple if a little clunky for complicated manuvers (could also be my fingers and keyboard not cooperating with each other) and yes, it is gory!My machine is old, but a more modern machine could run this thing like a champ at the graphics that are default, which make the game look fantastic (before I turn them to where the game would flow well, I got a glimps... Marvelous)There is a draw back... having to refresh the stream URL when you die and make a new game... maybe I wasn't saving and that way I could have the same key and people could watch from the same link, but that was a hassle (minor hassle), but other than that, the game is pretty neat.If you are looking for hardcore, serious shooter... this aint for you.If you are the opposite, jump, on, IN!"
76561198146728256,Recommended,407560,31041498,Posted: 9 April,all,CHIWAWA KING,this is one of the best FPS and horror mixed games i have ever played althoug its kinda a short game cuz i completed the game in almost 7 hours i would still recomend this game to strategic and gore game lovers truly this was not a wasit of my money
76561198054158281,Not Recommended,407560,30312240,Posted: 4 March,all,El Niggo Blanco,Buggy as all hell. At the last floor and get glitched out of the map for the 2th time...
76561198355218107,Recommended,407560,30498499,Posted: 13 March,all,thisyourboidonald,this game is awesome
76561198006639321,Recommended,407560,26352845,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Speedwaybob,looked great untill i played it and relised it had no controller support :(if you ever update the game to have controller support let me know id like to play the game then :)
76561198079272809,Recommended,407560,32844316,Posted: 26 June,all,ちいさなおとこ,Good game!
76561198004388443,Recommended,407560,26174473,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,rikster,"I applaud this developer. This game has a lot of quality features most FPS fans look for; FOV slider - it's in there, DX11 graphics - it's in there, great 3D modeling - it's in there! Also ingame textures look pretty good as well. In my opinion, the devs worked hard to create a quality game. I have to say, I highly recommend this title - I like supporting developers who put effort into their work!"
76561198408659739,Not Recommended,407560,35016656,Posted: 17 September,all,😀XxHighlifexX( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°,its♥♥♥♥♥♥it glitches all the time its creepy and its a good idea of a game but its crap crap graphics glitches all the time good game but crap qualety
,Not Recommended,407560,29732728,Posted: 5 February,all,nvg Mayo,this is the game you get for 2$ in a humble bundle.Save your money.
,Not Recommended,407560,26166036,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Raptor85,"it's super easy in the levels then some of the bosses just instantly kill you if you dont already know how to fight them.  Pistol is basicly the only weapon you ever use, since ammo is so scarce for other guns.  You ""can"" get ammo from the machines but it screws you later from lack up end of level powerups ."
,Not Recommended,407560,26167281,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,0piuM,"Great idea, but the game is clunky.  Movement is clunky. Aiming is a joke.  Just wait to buy it."
,Not Recommended,407560,26172614,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Logical Sphinx,"TL;DR - Unfinished game, save your money.This game is too buggy and unpolished. Notice how it isn't in early access. For the price it might be fun for a quick fix, but I don't see too many people having that much fun after a couple playthroughs. It's not really too hard, but it's frustrating. The gunplay is bad, and from what I understand it's supposed to be. I couldn't get any melee items to hit. I get the items that give you debuffs, and I actually like the idea of the popularity system, but where it gets frustrating is the trap rooms and how easy it is to loose popularity. The trap rooms can kill you simply by walking into them. As for popularity, ou can be doing fine, but lose just enough popularity to not get a bonus just because you went towards the exit. (Yes, the game pentalizes you for progressing, healing yourself from machines, and getting ammo from machines.) I'm sure the game will get fixed in the future, but this isn't early access. Release a complete game, or let us know it's in early access."
,Recommended,407560,26171457,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,三文鱼胡斯金,"For the moment i like what it offers, but i hope that they add more stuff like weapons, more enemies, characters or bigger challenges.Right now it lacks of content and has some weird things like wasting stamina while aiming downsights, or not being able to autoreload when the magazine it's empty (something that every shooter should have)i'll wait until they add more to the game(and coop would be an interesting idea too...)"
76561198232511616,Recommended,407560,26213951,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Nev,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anbhjwvYy3cA very strange but funny game, as soon as I started the tutorial I knew that I was in for a surprise. The monsters are random and diverse, there are so many obstacles and items around the rooms for you to pick up, avoid or use to your advantage. It was quite difficult for me at first, especially realizing that aiming drains your stamina, but as I progressed through the levels and gained experience points I was slowly able to counteract that.Fun gameplay designs such as losing an eye, blocking out half of your screen is not something you see often. Graphics has its own style, sort of cartoony and realistic at the same time which I find fits perfectly.My only negatives are that at first it was a little confusing even with the tutorial completed, the game was brutally difficult only a few minutes in and the game did bug out once which forced me to exit the game. Also you randomly lose money or popularity when progressing through the levels, tbh I found this more funny than annoying.Overall good game for the time I spent with it. Though I'm not sure how lasting the game is."
76561198118088012,Recommended,407560,28168447,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,МаленькийПапочка,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ хардкорная игра,разрабы уважаю.Меня лишь бесят капканы и долбанный снеговик)))"
,Recommended,407560,26139112,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Vercables,Pretty fun so far. I'll update my review when i dig into it further. Although for some reason it's counting my deaths twice....
,Not Recommended,407560,26180700,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Flembro,"Buggy as ♥♥♥♥, Physics engine is balls deep terrible."
76561197989927817,Not Recommended,407560,26155296,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,simonced,"The concept is nice but the execution is poor.What is good: random layouts, items, perksWhat is not good: hard to set up on dual monitors (seems to start on the wrong screen and it doesn't scale properly, have to play in window...), give me motion sickness because of the headbobbing that we can't remove, aiming is atrocous and feels random, stamina for aiming down sight? Worst game mechanic ever!The concept is nice and it's humorous, but some weird ideas and implemtation are killing it for me."
76561197971365728,Not Recommended,407560,26157942,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,The Chumpion,"Should have been fun, ruined by widespread terrible design decisions."
,Recommended,407560,26215549,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Fruity ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),I Flipped A Table  11/10Serious part:Ok please read this review to understand why you should consider getting the game:-Ok so I got this game becasue I like the Rogue-Like genre and also because this game is unique. I havent ever seen anything like this before.-If you are getting this game because you have experience in games like Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne like myself you will probably think this game appeals to you. For the normal rogue-like players this game is very unusual because obviously the gameplay is different and so is the dodging because its a 3d world.-I recommend this game I think its alot of fun!
,Recommended,407560,26208023,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"First off i will say this game is very cool and most people i feel will enjoy it.Sadly I had to get a refund, the game uses keyboard and mouse but the game is a bit hectic with it's battlesand it really bothers my wrists, I am an older player and it owns me lol, i wish i could play it.Good job to the devs for a great game that envokes smash t.v. killing floor styles that i know people love.Wishing the devs best of luck with success :)"
,Not Recommended,407560,26467736,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CrimsonGames,no
,Not Recommended,407560,26176792,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bulletstopper,"Super crude humor that really wasn't even very funny. Enemy AI pretty dull, and weapons all feel like garbage."
,Not Recommended,407560,26153630,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Jin,"Thought i would enjoy this game, but mistaken.~MUST press R to reload~Beartrap *Press E repeativly* Is Over powered and Ruins the game on its own. I have to mash my ""E key"" at least 8 times, if or more if I attempt to shoot what is killing me. The are an instant death.~lockpicking and opening Chests Are bad and you are boo'd for it. ( seriously? )~The Accuracy is Horrible for the main gun.~Shooting down the sights cost stamina.I am displeased."
,Not Recommended,407560,29360165,Posted: 19 January,all,LAUGHING SOLDIER,"Does look good, shame it runs poorly"
,Recommended,407560,26209069,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,the combat murderduck,"In a short summary, this game is endearing, difficult (to me at least) and quirky as hell. If you enjoy games like Paranautical Activity, Binding of Isaac or Tower of Guns, give this one a shot. Plus points for having the most disturbing enemy designs this side of non-J-horror.I gave it a play on my Youtube too, showing off the features and my fails, so shameless pluggg.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58F3hDGuVjw"
76561198085875834,Recommended,407560,26147430,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,99%Soup,"really difficult to pick a lock, really."
76561197961733750,Recommended,407560,26219261,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,F B Kingsley,.
76561198066875330,Recommended,407560,26141452,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Shnookooms,"Dumb ways to die, the game. (suicide booth ftw)"
,Recommended,407560,28667722,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rin,"third floor, just got past the second floor boss, everything is going well, i have lots of money, and health, i feel confident, i go into the next room, just a bunch of floating baby heads, i laugh, i step in a bear trap, i cry, i die. 10/10 -IGN"
76561197972469397,Not Recommended,407560,26175398,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,bi204-1,"Okay, its official I don't like this game.   It gets too hard too fast, and there is no way to change the difficulty settings.  I can't even get past the second level no matter how hard I try.  Once I get past level one, it is very tough, and I have only reached the second boss a couple of times and each time I do, he kills me almost immeditelly.  Given how the game is set up, I'm not even sure if I have beeten the tutorial since after the training room it takes me directly to what appears to be the first level.This game would be a lot better and maybe have some more replayability if it had at least one optional lower difficulty setting for non expert players like myself.  It could also even have a special harder difficulty setting for people who are really good and want a real challenge, if the Alda Games really wants to appeal to the hardcore tough as nails gaming demographic.  However, they only seemed to want to appeal to that demographic and no one else.Killing Room also requires you to manually reload your weapons.  I hate that.  What other game makes you do that?  Its really annoying.  They also don't even give you a crosshair for your gun until you defeat the first boss and pickup a special item he's carring.Even through I haven't gotten that far in the game, from what I can tell the level design for a Rogue-like isn't very randomized.  Sure the emeny, traps, and some the object placement is randomized but not much else.  You always start out with the same pistol and every single time I started a new game, the first weapon I came across was the same type of machine gun.Also they said ""But if you are a bad boy or girl with low popularity or begrudging online viewers, you can also get trouble items which will cause you…well, trouble...from hardly noticeable penalties to your attributes to serious diseases, the inability to run or losing an eye."" They clearly implied, whether they intended to or not that you could play as a male or female character.  However, each time I started a new game, they always made me play as a male character.  They didn't give me the option to play as a female character, they didn't even randomly generate any female playable characters.  Now maybe they didn't want to hire an additional actor to vioce the player character, but than they shouldn't have said ""but if you are a bad boy or girl"" giving the impression, even if unintentional that you could play as a girl if you wanted to.On the plus side, some of the enemies' designs are pretty good, but I didn't get to see too many of them since I wasn't able to get that far in the game.  The graphics are okay, but who buys a game just becouse it has good graphics?  There is a good deal of humor in the game, and some of the jokes are truly hilarious, but that doesn't make up for it not being a very fun game.Overall, don't get this game unless you are an expert gamer, and or you don't mind a ton of frustration.  Overall there are a lot better rogue-like games out there, including FPS rogue-like games.  I recommend Ziggurat or even Rogue Shooter over this any day of the week.  Both of which are much more fun in my opinion.  I've even beaten Ziggurat multiple times, and while I haven't beeten Rogue Shooter yet, It at least is a better game than this, inspite of the fact that the graphics are not as good.Bottom line, don't get this game unless you can beat games like Doom on its hardest setting without dying once, or untill they give you the option to play the game at a lower difficulty setting.  I'm going to delete it from my hardrive until than.  I wish I could get my money back.  It wasn't worth it, even on sale."
76561198087077872,Not Recommended,407560,30098566,Posted: 22 February,all,Pappagiorgio,"One of the most interesting FPS rogue-like games out there, similar in concept to Bunker Punks, Ziggurat and others. But performance is crap! Unity based games tend to be not too demanding. I haven't had any trouble running any of them as far as I remember, but this tittle is poorly optimized, feels like it's running on badly implemented Unreal 4 code somehow, reminds me of Unloved. Plus, v-sync just doesn't work. Hope these issues and others are fixed cause it's really a unique game, at least the style and theme of it are. I bought it before release for that alone."
76561197970524226,Recommended,407560,30482841,Posted: 12 March,all,28k,"This game is a blast, dont over think it."
76561198099066988,Not Recommended,407560,26191981,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Fidel Casket,"I love the idea of this game, it's really good, but the bugs are just a killer.  I can't get past the first room because it always crashes.  Please fix this, I don't want this game to go to waste."
,Not Recommended,407560,26192166,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,comrade_cylon,"I'll make this quick since I didn't spend much time on the game before realizing it wasn't for me.* I love Rogue-like and Rogue-light games.* I have standards when it comes to these games.* In my opinion, this game does not meet my standards for an enjoyable rogue-like.The randomization isn't enough at the beginning. If I'm going to be replaying the first level over and over, I don't want to see the exact same gun at the start. I don't want the same rooms. Why did I have problems with the first part of the game? The cover system is very, very weak. I flip a table over and it blocks a hit and gets flipped back around by the boss. The boss then uses its super hard to dodge beam attack and I can't flip the table again. The table blocks the beam, but not the other shots the boss makes. It's impossible to tell if the cover is going to work or not other than acknowledging that there's a glitch.If I die a bunch in a rogue-like, that's fine with me. What isn't fine is having to repeat the exact same process over and over and over ad naseum.This game, in its current state, is not fun. In my opinion. Sorry."
,Recommended,407560,26196296,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,WishYoloLife,"I really enjoyng this super game! I like the guns and fire effects. Enemies are sometimes very hard, but its rogue like. Nice graphics and physics!"
76561198047935332,Not Recommended,407560,26188749,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Akarou De Voiture,"This game isn't finished yet. graphics are cool, RPG system too, but hitbox, reload, animations (all animations) and items are glitched, Maybe a futur update can be cool for fix some bad things"
,Not Recommended,407560,32518149,Posted: 17 June,all,thiccdaddy,TOO. ♥♥♥♥ING. HARD.
76561198318595279,Recommended,407560,26174148,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,vmax1986143,best game ever
76561198337874430,Recommended,407560,26196502,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,RentPod,"That online voting is realy fun! On twitch you can vote for bad item :D or good also..but with bad is more fun! Anyway good game, nice graphics! I like the rogue like concept!"
,Not Recommended,407560,26141350,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Worthless Wretch,"Wonky and dull.Levels layout ain't random. Only enemies and pickups. And if there's a layout  generation then it's so minor, that could be an object about men's genitalia. This belongs to early access.Ziggurat is better."
,Recommended,407560,26140769,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sacred Penguin,"Killing Room, where you can hit enemies with a fly swatter."
76561198176710721,Not Recommended,407560,28972844,Posted: 3 January,all,Ruckus,"This game is trash, i regret buying it."
,Recommended,407560,28694831,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wood Elite CaptainOlimar,"gets a tad repetetive after while, but it's pretty good"
76561198069031917,Not Recommended,407560,26409537,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Cocacola612,"Bosses after the first level need some serious rebalancing. No matter how good of a run I have after the first level I can't survive the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of the second boss and I'm diamond on Overwatch, clearly not bad at shooters. Once they get this game to a fair, but skill reqiured game then I'd recommend it."
76561198180863439,Not Recommended,407560,30909801,Posted: 2 April,all,Meemyster2,"This game looked very interesting when I was watching game play and screen shots. I liked the idea of the high energy and stratagy to it, but when I started it up the lag was so awful it was impossible for me to play it. I tried to lower the graphics, but it didn't help at all. Unless you have a really good computers that can hold a lot of graphics I wouldn't recomend buying it."
,Not Recommended,407560,30153047,Posted: 24 February,all, Sido Olavich ,"0/10, why?Time Ticks On-5116 - Keith HoldenSound recording2:26:57 - 2:27:27AdRev for Rights HolderMonetized by copyright ownerProcessing videohttp://oi63.tinypic.com/v46jqo.jpgusing music on main menu. music was published in 2010.Also, memory leak not fixed from EA release."
,Recommended,407560,26139465,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,my legs r corn dogs,"hi how are you im good thanks so ANYWAYS my dad wont let me play anymore cause I was play and I was like ""zoinks shotgun him in the d ick"" i was instatly scorned and now here we are the fun is over10/10 but yeah i cant play"
,Not Recommended,407560,26153369,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kelson,"Generic, slow, and buggy"
,Recommended,407560,28566259,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Cyclone1869,Great game
,Not Recommended,407560,26157423,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,labtob,pewp
,Recommended,407560,26139621,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Jon Gaming,This game is crazy good and crazy creative!  I definitely would suggest to anyone and everyone.  If you want to check out some gameplay on it to see how it is click the link!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KigK0GFyopE
76561197965312971,Not Recommended,407560,28123963,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Wormwood [DK],"I really wanted to like this game. I hoped it would be a kind of binding of isaac+painkiller. It wasnt. It's unballanced hard, and not fun :/"
76561198039908475,Recommended,407560,26203301,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Zoomzagger,It's good.
,Not Recommended,407560,32782665,Posted: 25 June,all,xFersureMatt,"I did not enjoy this game because I bought it for using it on twitch. But the flaw is, you need 10 people in your twitch stream for you to get rewarded by your viewers, and a small streamer like me almost never get's 10 viewers.Another thing I majorly disliked was the fact you walk soooo damn slow at the start and lose your stamina sooo fast that I actually thought I was stuck on crouch..  and then I actually crouched to find it possible to actually move slower!.Aslo! You have to manually press the RELOAD button every single time you want to reload.. wtf? how was this a good idea! I don't have time to reload while I am walking slow as fk and I have snowman chasing me!I enjoyed the idea they had with this game, but the mechanics and balancing of this game reallllyy hurt it.I get less popular if I shoot the camera.. what?? fk you.. I should become more popular since they enjoy me suffering so much I feel like i have to shoot the camera!"
,Recommended,407560,26203173,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Soraya,I love this game
,Recommended,407560,26139050,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"I am not very POPULAR in this game ;(The game is overall good for the price.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHpL8YHEFPsNot a fan of roguelikes but FPS.Devs were nice to give 40% rebate. Everyone should buy this game now!Positive:60FPS.Smooth Gameplay.Perks.Sound/Music.Sharp Models and AI.Different difficulty levels.Procedurally generated maps.Annoyances:- Lockpicks are hard- You start from 0 when you die so dont die because there are 8 stages with 8 bosses at each exit.-Aiming is annoying, you always have to zoom on enemies to get proper accuracy.- When you aim you constantly lose aim after a few seconds because it uses stamina.- Popularity is a bit of a drag because you have to ration your ammo and health.- Also this part of the gameplay causes you to always use your pistol.Tips: Use bad items, keep your popularity high, focus on lockpicking crates if you dont suck like me, kill enemies with barrels, do multikills oh yeah dont shoot the robot at the shop cause you'll lose some popularity -1.0"
76561198314505156,Not Recommended,407560,28534609,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,1angry1me,boring where gore ?
,Recommended,407560,30867321,Posted: 31 March,all,Bendy,"So I have played this game a lot and I have seen this game go through some big changes. Now I am not going into a huge, thought out tyraid on why this game is good / bad cuz I like to keep things simple. So here is what I find good and bad about this game.Pros: This game has a good sense of humorThis game has a nice selection of weaponsMost of the enemies feel balanced10 bucks price tagAbsolutley Addicting.Streaming / Audiance participation (voting for items that the player recieves)_________________________________Cons: Sometimes glitches, rare chance of breaking the gameSnowmen have way too much powerBeartraps.So Overall, this game is very fun and is worth the 10 dollars. If it is on sale then it's really worth it."
76561198042056773,Recommended,407560,27325991,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dalfi,"I like it, really riminds me of the Smash TV game, witch is what they were going for."
,Recommended,407560,27328129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drippin' Moist Pedipalps,First Person Binding of Issac
,Recommended,407560,26503840,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sunky,"MP-40 vs. giant evil snowman? Sign me up! Heh. Anyway, this game is truly a lot of fun, contrary to some of the reviews. Yes, the enemies are a bit repetitive, but they each have their own attack patterns. For example, the snowmen will literally try to out flank you, gang up, and kill you. Paaaaiiiiinfully. The bosses (finally got past the giant snowman) are ridiculous (ly hard and easy at the same time). The weapon variety is pretty good, but you will be very likely to use the SMG (depending on the ammo count) and pistol. A lot. What I don't like is that bear traps can't be disarmed, such as shooting at it, triggering the trap, therefore making the trap harmless. Also the vending machine popularity costs are a bit steep. Maybe -5 popularity for using a health machine, and greater losses from machine type to machine type. I don't know if the devs read the steam reviews, but if they do, I hope they see the possible flaws I listed. Anyway I would give this game a 9/10 for general replayability and for the variety of floor configs. Be warned: This game will gobble up your time, spit it out and then eat it up again.Peace!Edit: I found the website a little bit ago. They do have an item for deactivating bear traps. Oops."
,Recommended,407560,26663930,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,wolf,"great game would recomend, but its a bit to dickish with how many bad items you find...other than that great game XD"
,Recommended,407560,26470398,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,gamerhoofster-pony,"Killing Room was a weird title when I serched for a new game to play. Seeing this in my serch box I clicked the game for more detail and it sounded interesting. After playing Killing Room, the game is a challenege. Basically you play killing creatures that try to kill you, going room to room. Earing popularity and money along the way by doing certain things like multiper kills or saving a duck. But what you gain can also be taken away, your popularity by getting injured or opened a door to a room, using vending machinese to gain more money, ammo or health.Going room to room you are challenege with killing creatures that randomly generatem. How to kill them is all up to the player. Some rooms provide weapons, perks and puzzles to solve. Rooms can have traps spread out like spikes mates or bear traps.The offers a unique feature to it which is a custom URL link to your games where people can give you stuff to help you or hurt you. This feature is what sets the other games apart. Allowing the player and people to interact, feeling more part of the game.Boss fights are the hardest challenge of the game over all. They are tougher and have their own weakness. So killing bosses will never feel the same.Dying machanic is very interesting, there is a save option but that is after you defeat a boss but before you start the next floor. If you die, you start back at the beginning of the game, all the way back. doing everything all over again. Howeever you do not play as the same person, you are a new person everytime. This is a nice idea, making the game also more unique.Leveling up is simple, after defeating a boos you get points to use to level up. More ammo or more health. There are 3 or 4 seperate level system and you get points for each section so choosing what to level up is easy but still have to pick wise.So with everything typed and read the game is nice a is for those that likes a challenge. I would give this game a 7/10. The graphics are nice, the sound is awesome. The different creatures are super cool to encounter. I can easily say this game should be in your libaray. If not, then your missing out."
,Not Recommended,407560,26279328,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Baalrog,"Super repetitive, Cheap inconsistent kills. ""Roguelike"" persistent upgrades seem to be random drops, not something you can build over time (I may be wrong). This may be fun for twitch streamers, but I ain't one.Not awful, but not fun yet. Hopefully they can find the fun and put it in the beginning of the game instead of the end."
76561198143104579,Recommended,407560,26279470,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pat Fenis,"Great game! i love the wild assortment of perks and drops available, some of them are pretty humorous. the levels are fast paced. much like Dark Souls, its a game of repetition. youll play it a few times before you hit the other levels and encounter the unknown, which you will probably die from. then you replay it and geta  sense of knowledge about the level and the moves of the AI or the Bosses.Overall score:Graphics- 8/10Sound- 6/10Performance/Optimization- 10/10 (I see that some people had problems with this, i run a solid 61FPS constantly. with a A10 5800K CPU and a GTX770)Gameplay- 9/10 (lots of intense moments to be had)Replayability- 7.5/10 (despite my low hours I play quite frequently, but i find myself playing a few lives usually when i do play. but its not something story driven like fallout or skyrim so i dont expect a high replay value as long as the gameplay will hold me in, whcih it does.)Game content (perks, guns, items etc)- 10/10, i cannot stress how cool the perks and items are in this game, by the 3rd or 4th floor you have some wild perks, both good ones, bad ones, and oddly entertaining ones. (my favorite so far ive seen was i had tunnel vision, i was hallucinating ponies and the ""Joker"" face, had my crosshair taken away, and was constanly farting. but i had double jump, 3 guns, no explosive damage, and was incredibly fast.)End result, for the price of it on sale, $5.99, (and honestly i would buy it at full price as well) you cant beat it. the only drawback for me is the lack of multiplayer or even just co-op, if they did that i would be buying several copies for friends that i know would love it but are not drawn to it because of the single player only nature. hopefully after a while they will incorporate for it, whether it be a port forward or what.Buy it, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,407560,26318706,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Hardcore Horst,Love it! some bosses are way to strong like the second one but all in one its a really decent game that reminds me of tboi. Hope to see it grow and become even better
,Recommended,407560,26268487,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,emoguy3274,"good game, runs ok on crap pc if you turn graphics all the way down."
76561198044400329,Recommended,407560,26258037,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sirsnipes321,"I've enjoyed this game. Alot of the negative reviews I am seeing are people with 1-2 hours played complaining about how aiming drains stamina and how you can only carry one gun with you and so on. After killing each boss you do get permanent perks to fix alot of the things these people are griping at. It gets annoying to ovecome some of the rng bs that the game tends to throw at times, but in all its a good game and well worth the price. Lock picking, melee weapons, and enemy skins do need to be touched up on but building up your stats per each level is good and gives you a bit of control over how you want to approach some things.Also pro tip. Even when you start and have like 30-50% hp just buy vests. Any vending machine you see with that just buy it. -12 Popularity is nothing when you have 60% armor."
76561198102939811,Recommended,407560,26696526,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,tdcombs93,since the recent update this game seems to be lagging quite a bit. please fix this lagging issue
,Recommended,407560,26840552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eterno,It is like Binding of Isaac only in FPS and i still suck at it. |o/
76561198335820763,Recommended,407560,26758455,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,..,"One of the best games i""ve ever played"
,Recommended,407560,26800040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Salcasmen,"This is way too good, difficulty its not that bad and altought i dont have that much hours into the game i can say its one of the best rogue like games i ever played"
,Recommended,407560,26801299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Servo the Husky,Like Binding of Isaac? Like shooters? this is the game for you!
76561198256637551,Recommended,407560,26763934,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Exarre,this games is hard but i still play it recommend you play it and have fun and vote forever and die forever
76561198054135981,Recommended,407560,28928916,Posted: 1 January,all,I'll Eat Yourself,"This game certainly looks cool from what I've seen, but it definitely needs some fixes to framerate.  My computer isn't the best, but it should be able to handle a game like this better than it is, especially with everything turned down to minimum.  It also doesn't help that there is just a slight delay to movement, specifically mouse movement.I would say it also needs a crosshair option, but I suppose that's left out on purpose?"
,Recommended,407560,29103514,Posted: 7 January,all,TheSaltyJay,"The game is a fun, highly energetic, and intense game. It always keeps you on your feet and forces you to have to observe your surroundings all while dodging different kinds of enemies. The challenge is present, but it is fair. It isn't some game that forces handicaps on the player. It is difficult because of how the enemies are designed and where the traps are placed. ITtleaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,407560,28883788,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SweenerButtz,"A very well-made game with a focus on improving what's already there before adding more content.For the price, I'd say it's worth a buy."
76561198009291413,Recommended,407560,29022424,Posted: 4 January,all,Nemisis,"I can see why this game has a mixed reception, I won't lie there are negatives here, but with tweaks and content patches those negatives can be fixed.Personally I really enjoyed this game and still do. There are a few things that bug me that I will mention later but to start I'll begin with the positives of this game.+It's challenging - The game is unforgiving, which can be considered good in most ways since it's a rogue-like.+It's quirky - The game has a very light hearted sense of humor mixed with delightfully disturbing enemies.+It's nice looking - The graphics are good, even some of the more weirder monsters like the snowmen look pretty good.+It's got a future - The Devs seem to be fixing a lot of bugs and adding new content at a fairly good pace.The bad parts..-Replay Value - The game does generate random rooms but most of them are just swapped enemies, the 2nd level does this a lot with the spike room. The same room shows up multiple times just with slight variation in enemies.-Items - I have played Binding of Isaac and I know there are supposed to be bad items, but in this game the bad ones seem to vastly out number the good ones. There are a lot of pointless ones, ones that give you a damage bonus for weapons you likely can't get hold of.-Heavily dependant on RNG - I know thats what Rogue likes are, but in this game there's no coming back if you fall behind, there's a shop on some floors that gives you a measly bit of ammo, but most of the time you'll likely be using your pistol to kill late game enemies because the game didn't give you any ammo at all.-It's a 'campaign' rogue like (At the time of this review) - Floors are generated differently but Bosses are not. You'll fight the same boss at the end of each floor regardless. On later floors they become more powerful and have new attacks which is nice, but there should probably be more than one boss per floor, encounters split by chance.Personal Gripes...These are just personal things I'm a little bothered by and shouldn't really dictate your decision to buy or not.-Ammo - There's barely any of it. I mean, I haven't played long but I'm never using my primary for more than one floor before it's sitting in my inventory, empty for most of the game.-Items - Personal thoughts would be that the game could use more good items, more often than not you'll have a strong first floor, take a mystery box from the shop and be screwed by halfway through the second.-Music - Or lack thereof. The menu and boss themes are really great! But throughout the floors it's just ambience.Thoughts...It's a fun game that definently has a future! I mean, I hope the Devs keep up the fixing and the content patches. In it's current state it's a little lacking. Replay Value is bare minimum, but it does have some. The game is punishing for the first few runs which is probably where most people are quitting. I think with more enemies, bosses, items, modes and rooms this could be a really fun rogue-like!If you're thinking of buying but are concerned, I'd say keep your eye on this. I'd recommend it, but that's only because I really enjoyed it personally.If it's on sale I'd 100% give it a go though!"
,Recommended,407560,29128021,Posted: 8 January,all,Yellow,"It's fun, it's unforgiving, it's incredibly rage inducing. I love it!Good for streaming (even through the steam stream system, as basic as it is.)Now for the common problems and concerns: the game does play a lot on RNG, it has about the level of bugs that TF2 experiences, enemy variety isn't that great but isn't too bad, certain good and bad items are absolutely rediculous and can harm your experience if you want something more serious or solid, and lastly room variety seems fairly copy/past (with the exception of the trap rooms, they give a breath of fresh air occationally but can be frustrating if you are not good with platforming.)Most of that are issues the devs fix through patches or are the reason you play something as rediculous as this, but if non of that bugs you too bad, then this is the game for you!Just remember: beware the audience. They can make your life great, or they can make it absolute hell."
76561198061246855,Recommended,407560,32028397,Posted: 28 May,all,Jubbles,Awesome concept just needs a metric &*#%ton on rebalancing so its fair to play and possible to win.
,Recommended,407560,30674166,Posted: 22 March,all,Shareal,"A game, that truly makes fun!Maybe a little buggy from time to time though.Had an Item, wich cuts off one of my feet... And later an item, wich lets me take damage when I'm not moving... Sadly this somehow means, I take constantly damage, even though I am moving!But nontheless... Numbers:Soundtrack 10/10Gameplay 09/10Difficulty 10/10Replayability 08/10Things to change:Maybe a coop mode would be very nice! Like you play in a team in this gameshow against enemies and bosses, but need to share the same amount of money/items you get.Could need a little more content and maybe not that bad viewers ;)Otherwhise I recommend this game absolutely! I love it, the soundtrack is really nice, and the difficulty is High, but not unbeatable."
,Recommended,407560,30176982,Posted: 25 February,all,Babbles,Finally after dieing over and over i finally beat the game on hardcoreI personally love this game and i hope there will be more updates soon to it
76561198059639523,Recommended,407560,26567900,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TooForgetful,"Ended up buying the game because it boasts being able to have an audience actually vote towards items you'll get at the end of every floor. However, this feature only works about 30% of the time, and the developers refuse to admit it's a problem. Ended up making a forum thread, developer responded that they couldn't see any issue with it. Either they're ignorant or they're just lying, either way though, the game doesn't work the way it's meant to, and until then, isn't worth getting.Edit: A lot of people are reporting that the problem is fixed, so with that, I'm gonna go ahead and go to a full-on reviewPros:- Fun thing to do if you're a streamer since your audience can interact- Runs are pretty short for the most part so you get to move on pretty quick if you end up getting screwed.- Decent enough variety in items that you likely won't have to deal with getting the same item all the timeCons:- Not having an IRL audience causes you to lose a feature of the game- First couple floors get stale since they don't have the full variety of rooms and very limited enemies- Some enemies on later floors are just re-colors of previous onesThe game is worth the price so long as the features are working and you have an audience, if you don't have an audience the game is still fun, but you're definitely missing out on a great feature that adds a lot of fun (in my opinion). Overall I do recommend it, but if you have issues, don't expect a quick, useful, or intelligible response from the developers. They're decent developers but they're honestly pretty bad at PR."
,Recommended,407560,26168710,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Papa Kron's,"Review Edit:The developers have patched the game multiple times since my last review, and most of the issues I had with the game have been fixed. Among the improvements are:1. More access to weapons in rooms and weapon swap machines2. More perks which make playthroughs more unique3. Adjustments to popularity rewards and deductions4. Balancing of boss hp and damage5. More varied enemy spawns6. A number of important bug fixes like the wheel spin not giving the correct perksI still have had problems like perks I already have appearing in mystery boxes and the shop pool, but the game is significantly better than it was when I made the purchase."
,Recommended,407560,29395387,Posted: 21 January,all,Storm Funsoms,"i really like this game. its challanging, it got 2 sets of value system which is money and fame. fame you gain by doing good stuff, like getting a gore kill(killstreak of 3 or more), solving puzzles and saving ducks. money you just kinda find around and about.you use fame on vending machines to either get 2k cash, 40% health, 20% armor or 2-3 ammo. your fame meter is from -100% to 100% so you got alot to use, BUT finish a floor without caring about the fame and let's say you have -98% fame, you're gonna get depicted as the villan and get 2 bad items witch is debuffs.the items, either they're bad or good is the point of this game! they either make you, or break you. some are silly and make you lose your leg, making you unable to run and you have to stand still to jump. or one that makes you blind on 1 eye and you see part of your nose on the edge of the screen.. neat little touches there, guys! there are also epic good items which gives you like 100% health as max and the master key giving you infinite picklocks, they are used to open lockd doors or coffins.you start off with random stats every time. either health on 40-48% and strenght and yada yada yada, you get it. at the end of each room, theres a boss that, after killing him for the first time, will give you a permanent good item... not gonna spoil those for you, you'll like them. and after beating the boss, you get to upgrade your stats abit. you also get to save and exit if you want a break. which reminds me: DON'T QUIT MID-GAME! if you quit without using a ""save and exit"" button, it will count as a death and you'll loose your progress and have to start off with a new guy.i did manage to beat it with less than 10 deaths, so im happy about that. but after beating it, i was hoping for more rooms and perma items for more fun.. but there is not.. after finishing this game once, it becomes a game for challanging your friends. or a drinking game. or just explore the items you didnt get on your previous runs. i'll still play it, but im still just hoping for more floors with more perma items.7/10- its great and it will push you to learn whats important to upgrade. but once you're done, only you are the one bringing you back to this game"
,Recommended,407560,29995852,Posted: 17 February,all,Temporary Uniques,"I only have 60 Minutes play time so cannot say a lot about this, but I puchased this game while the servers were down on another. To my suprise it seems like a very good game.Admittedly I probably was playing a little stupidly. (Taking every bad Item Vending Machine I could (Seemed fun))I can definately see myself putting more time into this though, maybe not now, maybe not for a while. But I do know that I will be back!"
76561198141906094,Recommended,407560,30113321,Posted: 22 February,all,FistMinter,Well for ten it is a entertaining game. I the like the fact each play thorough is a  lit bit differnt each time. The only thing I can think that would help improve it if a controller support system was added so you can with ethier a controller or a keyboard and mouse.
