user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,407620,34782861,Posted: 6 September,all,Bas-Makes-Games,"Read this through.(some evidence is linked at the bottom)First of all, I'll start with the fact that I used to work for Blob Games Studio since late 2014 on the team and left in August 2015, and was a third party from 2 May 2016 to 28 May 2016, so I know certain things that have happened behind the scenes. I am also not naming several individuals who I'm told want to be anonymous to avoid harassment by Blob Games Studio.It began in autumn 2014. This was when I met Felix, at the time I was working on a game of my own (which in hindsight, was not that great) but okay. He gave feedback, some nice words, and we got talking. We agreed on making one project together (just one) called Delivery Boy Tale that later became Adventure Of Sol (which the Sol 1st party is from) but soon we had bigger plans so Blob Games Studio was formed. Another member soon joined (who created the Vanessa 1st party) and things went sort of well. The Legend Of The Artifact Remastered was in development, and I was to beta test his work and help with making some of the level designs. It was there that the darker side of Felix, or FelixBlobDev or Kirbypwnage started to emerge, as I left some honest, blunt but well-intentioned criticism on the mechanics. He got snappish and passive-aggressive and it became apparent how little tolerance he has for criticism and people who think different from him. He later also helped doing some spritework for my game (The Outbreak Story, but at the time it was named differently and had a wildly different concept) but often blackmailed me if I didn't do what he wanted or say what he wanted to hear by threatening to stop working, or postpone his work, put less effort in it and prioritize his own work, all because of criticism at his work and his behavior at the time. He twisted the things I said, he didn't talk to me for days when I said something he didn't like, then to turn it around.At that time, the big project came. Indie Game Battle. It was to bring Smash Bros. to the indie scene and was to take the step of embracing both big indies such as Shovel Knight, Shantae and Quote as well as small gems like Tess and Clive & Wrench alike, to bring indies together and make everyone happy. That was the promise. A nice story to tell everyone was all it took for me to be sold on it. I was to get Alexia, one of The Outbreak Story's protags, in it as a 1st party. He was uncooperative about it and as he kept buffing his own characters, it made me a bit suspicious. Fearing he was to make my character less and less usable, I asked him to balance the game. Make each character powerful, so no one is OP, which he to this day seems to tell to people was me asking him to make Alexia OP, which isn't the case. I wanted every character to be powerful in their own right. I was working on the stage of Retrolands together with him, doing 8-bit assets for it.As I grew increasingly weary of Felix's emotional manipulation, it showed. Along came Omar, a new team member and after a month or so, I was more or less forced to leave the team. He then erased my name from his project but kept the assets I mentioned before for Retrolands in.Time skip to May 2016.I was in a DM conversation on Twitter with the guy, where we sort of made up. Then I was allowed to join their Skype Group and have Alexia be a Third Party again, and we made a deal. She was to be released alongside a Greenlight for The Outbreak Story where I would also promote Indie Game Battle as a sort of both-sides-helping-each-other thing, but development on her reimplentation was never started, even though she nearly finished, Felix and I still had the 2015 assets so it'd be far easier than any other character that had to be made from scratch. I was suspicious, and asked Felix about it. He also confirmed to have never credited me for my contributions on the Retrolands stage.I got closer to a member called Starturbo and a member called Bounty, both Third Parties as well (the developer of Superstar Technic and Nexum, two work-in-progress titles respectively) who also had lingering concerns but didn't state them at the time. Also, we found out that a few ex-members (a certain Rockto, and others who I am not sharing names of) were bullied out the server for criticizing IGB in a similar manner to me and Blob Games Studio had actively smeared their reputation using lies, fake accounts and wordplay. It can be said that some of them were harsh, but this is never a justification for such behavior. Also, the team had been asking people to write good reviews, upvote good ones and downvoting bad ones on Steam to keep the rating at Mostly Positive so people buy the game. Starturbo and likely (though I lack confirmation) others had their reviews censored by having to omit mentions of Rockto and other drama that would make them (rightfully) look bad in the customer's eyes.The immaturity in the chat and Felix and another member (who has since left and has also been harassed and wants to stay out of it) being inconsiderate about their jokes rubbed off on us. We asked them, politely, to stop, only for us to mocked to hell.This left to me and Starturbo both leaving at the end of May 2016. We were to leave them alone, as long as we were left out of it too.Not that the calm remained for long. We started a Skype Group, later Discord server called Indie Game Utopia to create a hub for starting indie developers where everyone could have fun and speak their minds. A false, slandering article defaming me, Starturbo and other people was written by the aforementioned member that was at the time being immature and is now gone. I made a Twitter post debunking the article, and Blob Games Studio started to push the narrative that we were haters (which they still push and the Important Update refers to) and tried to essentially get us gone. That failed, as I started to expose more of what I had seen.Now, at the end of 2016, things hit a boiling point. We were becoming increasingly weary of what was going on, and at the start of 2017, more Third Parties were getting removed for no good reason. Also, features that were promised (a Story Mode and an Online mode) were never created and work on a Story Mode was barely even started. All there seemed to be was a final boss and some stages.Though at the same time, more and more 1st parties were added. The developers got worse over time in their disregard for the community and all forms of feedback they got and it was clear that this wasn't going to last.And it didn't.Cue the removal of my dear friend Ryan Silberman for an inexcusably pathetic reason. Add that to Blob Games Studio's morally bankrupt, sociopathic practices becoming more and more apparent and Felix becoming increasingly desperate to defend his spot, resorting to more insidious tactics and forms of manipulation, trying to kill Indie Game Utopia from the inside using a combination of manipulating mods, spam raids and spreading false information.Now, Bounty has also been removed and his leaving was also spun in their favor. In truth, he was ran out of the server and had no choice, he was going to get kicked, but because he technically left himself that is the narrative.Now, the project's cancelled, people ask for a refund (as they've been scammed).Lying about Bounty:https://twitter.com/Ba♥♥♥♥esGames/status/905419007586689034https://twitter.com/Ba♥♥♥♥esGames/status/905421830491660288Retrolands assets:https://twitter.com/Ba♥♥♥♥esGames/status/905426500668841984Steam Vote Brigading:https://twitter.com/Ba♥♥♥♥esGames/status/905447840587100162Reactions to critics:https://twitter.com/Ba♥♥♥♥esGames/status/905433667878752257https://twitter.com/Ba♥♥♥♥esGames/status/905430372439261188Ryan's story:https://twitter.com/Ba♥♥♥♥esGames/status/905432200769888256I saved this review as well in case it gets deleted, as Blob Games Studio censored reviews in the past. Will confirm below.You aren't silencing me. Not anymore."
,Not Recommended,407620,34769486,Posted: 5 September,all,Mage,"Had a lot of promise, but ending itself in cancelation before getting really good, and still charging for this game, is not cool. They proceeded to ban me from all dicussions involving this game, very mature."
,Not Recommended,407620,34808095,Posted: 7 September,all,WinOrTroll,"This game is a massive disappointment, As a Smash Bros fan, I dreamed of seeing another crossover fighting game just like it on the PC and this one just falls short. From the clunky controls, unfinished characters and stages, recently cut content, small list of items, tons of bugs and glitches, etc. Not to mention the horrible roster with only a few recognizable characters and a whole boatload of first parties. To top if off, the devs' PR isn't the greatest either. They are defensive, unwilling to change, egotistical and manipulative. Do not try and give any negative feedback to them or you'll be expecting a block, a ton of backlash and a long lasting grudge against you or you could be completely ignored. I recommend buying some other games if you are looking for a good PC Smash Bros/fighting game since you won't find it here. This game is not worth buying and I highly advise to stay away from this game at all costs.P.S. They still haven't removed content that was asked to be removed by the respective creator multiple times.P.P.S. You don't have haters, you have realists <3"
,Not Recommended,407620,34779982,Posted: 6 September,all,Jesse4060,"DO NOT BUY.This game had potentional, but now it's just a scam. It'll have NO good reps, you could hardly call it an 'Indie Game Battle' when it's going to be filled with bad flash characters and mostly your own creations. It's made by a crap dev. who can't take critisism and only wants to here good things about the game, not only that, but the dev is litterally the only one working on the project. This project is now a failiure and will never offer what it promises, do NOT get scammed!"
,Not Recommended,407620,34912186,Posted: 12 September,all,Grovfu,"I'm all about showing off new and exciting fighting games—especially party/platform fighters—at our local tournaments back where I live. Even though our venue was originally Smash exclusive, we started appending things like Injustice 2, Skullgirls, and Rivals of Aether. Indie Game battlecouldhave been that special next game, but it didn't happen for quite a few reasons.Firstly, no,it's not the roster's fault.Sure, maybe you have ~8 OCs that look like Tom from EddsWorld and stand taller than the rest of the cast, and maybe there are a handful of characters I can't vouch for simply because they're perma-placeholders for the characters they very clearly represent, whether that character may be another indie game or a Smash Bros inclusion. I, however, am not shy to admit that it is nothing short of satisfying to 4-stock someone as the Goat from Goat Simulator, or that Dust is probably one of— if notthe— most fun character I've ever picked up in a platform fighter, or that the oddball Newgrounds inclusions sparked a hidden nostalgia that made me tear up a bit.That aside, I'm going to be brutally honest: if there is one glaring reason I can't recommend this game, it's because of thecontrols.The notion that this game has full controller support, as indicated by Steam, is a blatant falsehood, although Icouldunderstand these things being a simple oversight. Allow me put things into perspective through anecdote.Me and my friend usually play Super Smash Flash 2, Crusade, Rivals of Aether, etc. with 2 PS4 controllers key-mapped through Xpadder to make it easy on both the controller configuration and the game's processing itself. First time booting up IGB, we wanted to do similar to the above, but there was only support for a single player using the keyboard, which meant no Xpadder. Unfortunate, but since the game had native controller recognition, we thought we could shrug it off by configuring our controllers normally, but that wouldn't work because the game recognized both of our joypads as a singular controller, since they both registered as the same type of device according to Windows. So we had to begrudginly hand the keyboard (and sometimes his dusty Xbox 360 pad in place) back and forth because the game wouldn't let two players play with the same type of controller, which I feel is such an extreme thing to miss out on when talking about a local-multiplayer fighting game. All this and the fact that youabsolutely can'tfurther configure controls outside of the Unity boot-up menu, which is just a total mess trying to navigate. I could go on about controls, but I know that it's a personal grudge above all, as most people who pick up this game are probably going to gravitate towards the keyboard anyways.Moving on, the UI in this game is probably among some of the worst I've seen in a very long time. I'd be willing to bargain that if you showed any web/graphic designer your game's buttons/menu backgrounds, they would redesign them happily for free. There's no visual/audio feedback on menu selections, and some of the cursor detection feels really off-kilter. The roster layout is random, there is no better word for it. I can at least expect characters to be close to eachother if they're from the same series, but some of the unavailable/incomplete characters occupy the same slot positions that fully functioning characters do.Although earlier I said I had fun experiences with this roster and the gameplay in general, I still can't let go of a few things. Some characters make me think as if they were only put in because you liked the game or because people asked for them. Poncho is a guest inclusion, and an interesting one at that, but he has one of the blandest movesets I've seen in a fighting game period. Characters differ vastly in quality and playability, and I really do mean it when I say that quite a few matchups in this game are 70:30 or likely worse. On that note I saw that you've also expressed interest in an appeal to the competitive scene for this game back before it was cancelled. I'll give my thoughts, as I'm technically part of that community. Why does G-canceling exist? Why do we need to wavedash into a tilt to be able to jump cancel it, why can't we just jump cancel tilts? This is an overcomplication, one that actually hurts newcommers because it comepletely negates the need for normal non-cancelable tilts, rather than acting as an option-select as you intended. Wavedashing on the other hand is fine, but it's so hard to execute one that actually carries your momentum and I couldn't tell you why. Above all, the average character's gravity makes recovery very difficult; I've died much too easily simply fumbling to keep myself on stage.I still have to give credit where credit is due, and these are some of the things that make me stick around still. You and others put a lot of time into alternate pallete choice for characters, who all are 3D-modelled with striking resembalance to their respective characters on the most part, and even when some cases were a miss, like your first iteration of Niko, you strived to improve those characters and fit them into a game that had a level of visual consistency that surprised me, knowing that these were all from indie games with extreme variety in visual design. The stage choice, although sprinkled with a lot of hazards and random pit placement, are copious. To this day I still haven't played every stage (I'm close) but I still enjoyed more than half of them. The music composition, Visual FX, and sound design are actually pretty impressive for an indie come-up, and they look even better in the upcoming version of the game so stick to it.Finally—and I'll try to keep this short since you probably haven't heard the end of this from ex-devs—I just wanna put out some thoughts about your decision to cancel the game, as well as the publicly disclosed/leaked events that led up to that point. I don't know if you were doing this game as a passion project, or as an actual opportunity for either yourself or the indie scene, but just relax man. Making a platform fighter is not an easy task to accomplish, no matter what tier of development you lie on. It's a proccess that takes a lot of blood, sweat, and tears. It's no wonder that even Sakurai himself continuously injured himself throughout the proccess of making Smash 4, as he really bore down to complete that project, and with that said, even with the entire team of Sora Ltd. on his side, collaborating with Namco as well it still took a good while to push the game out the door. Making a game in this genre simply as a hobby or as a wildcard is taxing, and I wouldn't be surprised if some of the people who you contacted for character inclusion thought you were reaching way out of your scope. This game feels like it was meant to be a fun platform fighter that pays homage to the indie scene that you've been part of and inspired by, but I think that started to get nudged aside for the sake of feature creep and status.I, personally, wouldn't ask for a refund for this game, because I know I'm going to be breaking it out every now and then to remember how fun it felt, and that's all I really expect for 10 bucks earned over the summer anyways. It made itself up by far. As for people new to this game, who have no feelings attached to the characters, are on the fence about how it feels etc., I'd only really recommend it as an experimental title. Thanks for making as much as you did, and bless you and your team for what you've accomplished to date. Ambitious, yes, but even now it's still something me and my friends will play for a while. That's all that really matters to me at this point."
,Not Recommended,407620,32573902,Posted: 19 June,all,Vulpes Radical,"Honestly, I feel like this game has potential, but it needs a LOT more polish.  I'm sure it might get better in the future, it'll hopefully get more polish and tweaks and stuff. More characters would be nice, too.I don't have much else to say, add way more polish, tweak a few things here and there, and probably nerf dust because holy shoot, dude."
76561198060858459,Recommended,407620,29259962,Posted: 14 January,all,gamerbrowe,"Personally this game is a blast.Pros:*great characters that handle and play diffrently*stages are colorful*not complex of a fighting system*controller support*local multiplayer*8 player battlesCons:*bits of lag*not all characters are recognizable*voice acting for some characters need improvement*no online (yet)Overall i enjoy this game, it may not be for all and it is still a work in progress but i feel like this is a game you should pick up."
,Not Recommended,407620,35066226,Posted: 19 September,all,Twilight Galas,I bought this game knowing it had work to be done but I didnt think the game would be straight up awful but then I said hey its still in early access right well then they cancel it so in other words the game is still awful and they don't even have half the characters they said they would have so in other words if you want a fighting game thats like smash bros I recomend something like rivals of aether. This game was a good idea but it got canceled so I don't recomend you spend your money on this game.
,Recommended,407620,29209800,Posted: 12 January,all,Knuckles & Knuckles,"I recently found this game being a fan of smash bros and indie games. When i saw this, i knew i had to check it out and im glad i did. Anyways ima just do a pros-cons list here u go:Pros:Good GraphicsActive devs that interact with their fansAn always-expanding roster with characters you may recognise.A mixture of stages, pixel arty ones and 3d ones.Detail has been put in.Controller support (for those saying it doesnt work, you have to go in to settings, controls then set P1 controls to ""Xbox"" or ""Playstation""Cons:Sounds could be improved i guessSome computers may lag on it, although it may just be mine.Ye  can't think of anything else."
76561198163025987,Recommended,407620,31094116,Posted: 12 April,all,Busterburley,"This game is obviously a smah clone, but it doesn't mean its bad. Yes Smash is superiour to it but it has more unique characters to it and has Indie Game characters in it.Pros---Constant UpdatesCool CharactersNice MapsLoads of achivementsCons---Framerate Issues on certain mapsNot enough charactersNo online mode6/10"
76561198202552699,Recommended,407620,30500782,Posted: 13 March,all,The Gaming Lilac,"Where do I start with this game?This game is an obvious Smash Bros. clone, but it has a growing roster of indie characters.*Before you read: Yes, I do know this game is on Early Access, so I will list some ideas for improvement after I list my pros and cons about the game*Pros:-Has plenty of great characters from popular indie games-Gameplay mechanics perfectly mimic Smash Bros. ( I should know due to playing it for years)-Dust is on it! :DDDD-You earn achievements for winning as different characters and getting others KO'ed a certain amount of timesCons:-Needs more optimization options-Adventure Mode is locked, but this needs time to be worked onRequests:-Please add Freedom Planet characters such as Sash Lilac-Please add Quote from Cave Story-It would be better if the game can recognize that you are using a controller from the start, instead of having to set the controllers in the options, many people buy their games and try them out in their living room using a controller from the startResult:Indie Game Battle has the potential to become one of the best indie crossover games on Steam, but it needs time to be worked on, the developers are doing a great job, and they should be paid to be motivated to continue doing so. Therefore, I recommend purchasing this game because it's awesome... and it's WAY better than most Smash Bros. clones on Steam!*Edit: Removed many cons due to not understanding how the game works, sorry devs!"
,Recommended,407620,20912183,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ninjinister,"Indie Game Battle started out very rough, but week by week, it's shaping up to be a viable fighting game, and the cast just keeps expanding with more and more well-known indie favorites. While the menu screens continue to tax my machine harder than the game itself for some reason, and I do feel like the roster relies a little heavy on first-party characters, these are two extremely minor quibbles in an otherwise fine piece of work, and I feel that any misgivings that I have will be put to bed by the end of the game's development."
,Not Recommended,407620,35399309,Posted: 1 October,all,🎃¡Spooky!🎃,"Isn't going to be completed because of ""Stress"" and basically they're taking your money and running because they wanted you to pay for a unfinished game. Also, please note their generous offer to change the price to 5$, even though most of us bought it for 10$, so in no way does it recomponsate those scammed, and yet just seeks to get more people to buy the unfinished game. Did i also mention that combat feels unsatisfying and is barely entertaining?"
76561198129150835,Not Recommended,407620,35479457,Posted: 4 October,all,David Pumpkins,Dont get it they cancelled prodution
76561198105225293,Recommended,407620,29263125,Posted: 14 January,all,Boy's Our Boy,The game is gudThe characters are gudMatty is gudPraise MattyGud KewtGud GaemGud Spin-off10/10 does not deserve ban.
,Recommended,407620,31545324,Posted: 4 May,all,sandvich33,"I kind of wish I could change the keyboard controls to make it feel less awkward. Other than that, it's pretty neat. I'm hoping they manage to bring in Sash Lilac."
,Recommended,407620,29514549,Posted: 26 January,all,The Circus Giraffe,"Good Character rooster, gameplay is great, has lots of potential. Controls have a slight learning curve if you play with a keyboard."
76561198047382771,Recommended,407620,31664321,Posted: 10 May,all,Prof.Paradox,"It's a really good game i am really hyped for some of these confirmed character, i admit i hardly know any of these indie characters that are currently in the game but ik a few and that is also why im hyped for the confirmed ones like the batter (seriously off is a good game) and niko from one shot. Let's get to the game itself now.Pros:- good map design (except some maps have these really big spaces between em but that is fine for me)- so far most characters are really fun to play- nice character skins for those that have it- no content cut dlc so far- only 10 euros- they made this game work whit the unity engine (good for them :p)- alot of updates (what i like to see in early development games)Neutral:- not all characters have a skin or recolor but they are prob implementd later- running is kinda hard to pull off on some chars but that might be meCons:- Some attacks seem to be a bit poor but it's not too bad- lots of opens spaces for characters and stages still in development take too much off the roster and could have been left away to make the roster easier manouverebel and cleaner- characters could have been sorted better (not really a big thing)- zee tee being broken as hell aka fast special ultimate move  (will prob be nerfed in the future i hope) and still a couple of glitches like poncho still having this assist capsule in his hand that i cannot throw (i blame unity engine)all in all still a solid 6,5/10 that most likely will be an 8/10 or 9/10 if it gets finishedi cannot wait to play this localy whit my friend this weekend as we share a library (just like the good old melee-brawl times)keep it up devs :p"
,Recommended,407620,22906957,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Rick Shifter,You can never truly go wrong with a Smash Bros clone.As of right now I would give the game a solid 7/10. But the Early Access tag means that I’m only judging based on what is there. And what is there can be made stronger.Many characters in the game tend to feel floaty and a lot of animation needs to be heavily refined to help give players that sense of weight that other platform fighters posses.The character roster definitely needs to grow. But having over 20 fighters is already an impressive feat; with much more clearly on the way. There are some good choices like Goat from Goat Simulator and some very “interesting” choices like Salad Fingers. (Who was technically playable in Newgrounds Rumble) The game could use some bigger names like Hat Kid from a Hat in Time or Juan from Guacamelee!The creators of this game are very open about this project. They actively update the game and you can contact them easily on their Twitter.It’s not up to quality just yet with other platform fighters. But with the dedication this team clearly has for the project I feel it can just get there. And $10 isn't that much for what is alreay in the game.(Also go contact Super System Works about getting a Drift Stage… uhh stage in the game. That would be sweet!)
,Not Recommended,407620,21735975,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Melperry,"A sorta disappointing mishmash of characters, unappealing character models and poor optimization on slower machines make this a hard sell. That and all the drama behind the scenes. I'd skip on this one."
,Recommended,407620,23370423,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,KirbyFan45,"Forget my older review! This game is amazing! I got a new monitor, letting me play the game! Now, as you all know Smash Bros., I won't explain it. However, this game is unique as it has Indie characters. Gameplay wise, the game still plays like Smash, but with a Health Bar being with the percents, and a Super Meter. For sakes though, I will rush trough everything for this game: great controls and music with a healthy roster that will get better, but sadly most characters don't have voices or victory screens and the stages can be too big making kills hard. Also, if you don't know what game a character is from, tough luck since the game doesn't tell you. I just wanna know where Copy Girl is from since she looks like she'll play like Kirby (and is kinda cute). I don't really have much to explain, so I will just do this: my top 5 character requests (in no order).1: Shovel Knight (Shovel Knight). He was unable to be in Smash due to Sakauri's trolling, so I hope the devs here can do good with him.2: Noodle (Snake Pass). Snake Pass is a unique game for the Nintendo Switch and I believe that his unique style can be used for a unique moveset.3: Phil Eggtree (Riddle School). Now, I know what you wanna say, ""But Phill Eggtree is a flash game character!"" and you are right! However, there are flash game characters in this game, specifically from Newgrounds, and Phil Eggtree is a Newgrounds character! BAM!4: Johnny (Johnny Kung Fu). I dunno how many people know who this guy is, but he is from a 3DS game that is a unique mix of modern and Game & Watch gameplay that can be put into a moveset.5: Anyone from Freedom Planet (Freedom Planet). We all know how the Indie Assault crossover did to the devs, so I think this can be a great comeback, especially with FP2."
,Not Recommended,407620,23772450,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shy,"[Edited as of May 8th, 2017]Indie Game Battle is a Platform Fighter and if you have not noticed it plays a lotlike Super Smash Brothers. However instead of Nintendo characters this game triesto pull together a bunch of indie game characters such as Dust, Jarvis, Goat, Niko,and many more.Gameplay :The gameplay loop is not fun at the moment. It doesn't give the same feeling that othergames in this genre give. The lack of grabs in the game without anything to replace itkinda ruins the rock paper scissors aspect of a game like this. Overall the gameplayneeds a lot of fleshing out with the other gameplay features like super meters/ect.aren't exciting either. Also the fact that new characters are being announced yet morethan half of the cast right now is unplayable is a real issue.Visuals :Visually the game doesn't look bad however it doesn't look great either. Charactersare a mixed bag with some characters looking a lot better than the other 80% of thecast. While I do love that some characters are nicely detailed with how most of theroster look plain with black. soulless. eyes. The detailed characters just lookoverly detailed. Basically I just want the characters to have a more cohesive artstyle. Something that Super Smash Brothers does amazingly well is making all theircharacters feel like they are apart of the same universe another game that does it wellis Marvel vs Capcom. I think that Indie Game Battle could learn from these games andimprove on the art quite a bit.When it comes to stages I believe that some of them should just be heavily reworked.So much is going on in some of them that it is a giant fiesta for my eyes.And the menus. Oh my god the menus. I really really hope these get changed because someof these menus look really bad.Animations :These are less of a mixed bag and just something that could use a lot of improvements.They all look really janky with some characters being understandable, but others justdon't look right. Using Dust as an example his grounded attacks have him swinging hislarge sword around, but it looks more like he barely uses his body making his attacksfeel and look like he is swinging around a foam noodle. Many of these characters coulduse a huge improvement on animations and I don't think that source accuracy matters here.At the end of the day this is a fighting game and if the fighting itself doesn't feelgood then the whole game will falter because of it.Controls :I am making this because ever since I purchased this game I have been forced to use thekeyboard controls which is not my prefered option when it comes to playing a fightinggame. Why do I use the keyboard? Because this game does not have support for eitherXbox One or PS4 controllers. This is something that I really really hope is added. Outsideof that the controls are responsive with the only main issue of no key rebinding whichthat and the lack of Xbox One and PS4 controller support is insane for how long this gamehas been in development for.Sounds/Music :Music isn't half bad to be honest. It isn't 10/10 masterpiece levels, but it gets the jobdone.The sounds are okay at best with hit sounds back to Dust as an example the sword doesn'tsound threatening, but with a few adjustments maybe the sounds could be improved.After Thoughts :I have been following both this game and its developer for quite some time now. I havenoticed that the dev/devs are working on multiple games at once which while it's goodto develop new projects I am starting to believe that IGB's development is heavilyslowed down because of this. Which I personally am not a huge fan of. Now I could becompletely wrong and there are seperate teams for all of these projects. I will becompletely honest however. I think that the devs should slow down the new contentannouncements and go back to flesh out what is currently in the game to make it as funas possible because at the moment I can not outright reccommend the game like I didbefore because of the lack of actual improvements outside of bug fixes I have seen.The devs just seem more concerned about more content rather than the quality of contentthey are releasing. I don't want this game to fail, but with how little the game has changedin terms of making the game itself more ""fun"" with how long it has been in EA it is gettingmore and more disheartening."
,Recommended,407620,28189729,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Romeowstic,"2.7 is out! Let's do this again..again!So, before I get talking about what it brings, I need to say something. Don't get scared off by the cartoony style or judge it because of that. These are Indie characters when you get down to it, and you can't really stray too far from the simplicity of how they look. They all function fine like this, so don't let it bother you too much!With 2.0, we got a few new characters and a few changes to the gravity, making the game not that much of a Smash Bros Air Fighter whatever now. Most characters have the same amount of palette swaps, but with a recent chat with the dev they're going to consider some more; they recognize there's potential. Most characters play just fine, but I'd reccomend avoiding the WIP characters for now. Otherwise, just learn what each move does and be get out there!The sounds also have been fixed, with an added blade sound and..well, nothing audio-related is really changed other than that! But to be fair, they've made other major changes like the screen shake, which was obnoxious before but is greatly toned down now.The only thing I'd warn is sometimes there will be a movement animation issue, where your character might run/walk in a idle stance. A quick jump will get rid of it, but you can still use moves so it's not too bad. Grabs are also not here just yet, but they will likely appear in the next major update.The devteam is also very talkative on Discord and they show some Teasers and updates on their Twitter. You should check it out if you're not fond of the game just yet, they might show off stuff that will get you interested!With all these amazing updates in future hinting at much more, the possibility of more Assist characters, AND Adventure mode still an option, all for a permanent price of 10 bucks..well, take your time deciding. You could wait for more updates, but the game certainly is playable and fun right now. 8.5/10 Good job dev. :3"
76561198076702918,Recommended,407620,29682078,Posted: 3 February,all,Elysian Warrior,THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME IT MAKES BRAWL HALLA LOOK LAZY! THIS IS AN AWESOME SMASH INSPIRED GAME AND I TOTALLY RECCOMEND IT! PLAY IT NOW!
,Not Recommended,407620,33847759,Posted: 27 July,all,Redrockshooter,"This game right now is pretty much meh to me. The biggest problem are the controls and for a smash bros clone  it's not all that sunshine and rainbows, as far as I know there is no dash (Unless I didn't find a way to do so) this makes fights take forever which as a smash bros fan myself, smashing the arrow keys only for there to be no dash drives me insane. Also the fact that I can't do a smash attack normaly and have to push a button just to do a smash attack makes me want to smash a brick with my face due to it feeling very, very awkward. There is a plus though that I will mention, choices of characters in this game is pretty interesting, It has plenty of memorable faces like Salad fingers, Hank, Fancy pants, The batter, The kid, Pico, Phill (Coming from my favorite point and click game riddle school), Mcpixel, and plenty more. The improvements that this game needs is better controls, if they can add a dash mechanic make the smash attack imput like how it is in smash bros, then this would be neat smash bros clone, but as of now it's meh."
,Not Recommended,407620,33896966,Posted: 29 July,all,Gwiz,It's definitely no smash bros.
76561198080704308,Recommended,407620,22329906,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,going back to the past,I got this game for wizard and he isn't even finished >:(
76561198080625138,Recommended,407620,22501479,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,maksoseka,this game is a little bit glitchy :(
76561198105953717,Recommended,407620,29728434,Posted: 5 February,all,Grovyle,Please make it support the Resolution of 1024 x 768 please? I love this game  so much i just need that resolution choice
76561198121640353,Recommended,407620,23873793,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nanos Grendel,very nice keep it up!
76561198137299947,Recommended,407620,30728670,Posted: 25 March,all,WaylanderGR,"very fun game, worth the price and new things are coming in all the time.the devs care about the gamers,answer questions and try to be as much helpful as possible.not as good as smash bros or some other fighting games out there but still a nice addition to the genre."
,Recommended,407620,27029422,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swan,"Indie Game Battle is a little clone of Smash Bros using Indie characters, some popular, others not as much. It isn't as polished as a game made by Sakurai and Nintendo (who would've guessed?) but all that tasty gameplay is all there. It is easy to see that they put lots of love into this little project, and judging by all the empty character and stage slots still in the menu, there is a lot more love to come. If you enjoy smash bros, and want a PC alternative, this will satisfy you for $10."
76561198001408368,Recommended,407620,27794390,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Queen HawlSera,A hidden gem and the one Indie Gaming and Super Smash Bros. fans have been waiting for. I really hope Foxy from FNAF gets added one day.
,Recommended,407620,24624483,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ElectricShock27,Its an awesome game I love it.
,Recommended,407620,34269270,Posted: 15 August,all,2rad4rio,"It's ok for a game, i might refund it, i might not, but either way, I don't hate it but I don't love it eather."
,Recommended,407620,34364089,Posted: 19 August,all,TrueBlueFanatic,"I know this is EAG for windows, but I'm having some problems with my Xbox 360 controller, like I can't save my controller.. on the controller port, so should I wait? Neither one.."
,Recommended,407620,34202401,Posted: 12 August,all,Gavitro,"I've always wanted an indie fighting game like this, but as of version 2.07, IGB stands in the middle ground between decent and underwhelming.The game has almost everything the basic Smash clone should have; customizable rules, compatibility for 4+ players, AI to play against, and plenty of stages and characters. There is no proper singleplayer mode yet, but at least the game itself can still be played solo.I'm no expert at Smash, so I can't judge the gameplay much. I can say that the controls for the game are a bit wonky, especially with jumping; there is currently no option for you to flick the analong stick up to jump, instead you have to press a certain button for it. Additionally, you can hold the jump button to achieve distances much higher than should be possible, it feels like my character can fly at times...My first gripe with the game is that there are so many ""blank"" or ""grayed out"" spots where finished characters/stages/features will eventually be. This makes certain menus, such as the character and stage selects, much more frustrating to navigate than they should be, as you have to spot out the character/stage you want over the sea of unplayable spots. Currently there's not much of an indication that something's not playable until you reach the select screens, so you could come in wanting to play a certain character (Hank for example) and be dissapointed to see that he's grayed out and unable to be selected. I hope the developers address this issue in version 2.1, by at least taking out the completely blank character/stage slots in the menu.Secondly, I feel that there's a lack of familiarity and name power as of this version. Of all the 29 playable characters currently in the game, I can only truly recognize 8 of them. The entire first row of the character select screen is dedicated to first-party characters made by Blob Games Studio, so people who haven't played their other games are going to be very unfamilar with a huge chunk of the cast. This problem will be addressed in future versions of the game, as many more memorable characters (Brad, OFF Batter, Bullet Kin, SCP-049, Fancy Pants, etc.) have been announced as upcoming fighters.I think my last true problem with IGB is the sound design... or lack of.  I have yet to fully experiment with all of the game's sounds, but I'm positive that some audio bits that should be in the game are missing at this time. Some characters I have played, such as Dust, do not seem to have voices yet, and a couple of them, such as Zee Tee, do not even have a jump sound currently. As this is an Early Access game, I'm expecting that proper sounds will be coming in the near future.TLDR: The game at this state is quite playable, but its weird controls, missing aspects (characters, stages, sounds) and underepresentation of indie gaming diminishes its potential. I have faith in the developers that my problems with the game can be solved in the (hopefully) near future, so I wish them all the best of luck."
76561198207202361,Recommended,407620,34883432,Posted: 11 September,all,FuriousFiesta,really nice game fun game to play if bored and is one of my favourite smash bros like game!
76561198342490670,Not Recommended,407620,29987027,Posted: 17 February,all,Bone-System,"well that review didnt age wellAfter numerous controveries within the community and a cancellation over ""hate"" (read: completely warranted criticism and anger), I can safely say this game isn't as great as it couldve been. Half the content that I, and I'm sure numerous others,were looking forward to, has now been swept aside because a dev couldn't act like a reasonable person and accept criticism. That really sucks. I've learned the immaturity and overall ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that the dev has pulled, and I can safely say that I don't believe in this game anymore. I wish I could get a refund, but it's too late for that, I suppose.P.S. I was so hype for batter and brad god damnitORIGINAL REVIEW:This game is wonderful. It has an excellent variety of characters, although some of the big names are missing. (though this is not the dev's fault) You can play as characters from Goat Simulator, VVVVVVV, I Wanna Be the Guy, Newgrounds, and soon to be, OFF and LISA. Mechanically, the game plays like a dream. You can change everything to your preference, including the type of air dodges. (yes, you can wavedash.) You can toggle stage hazards, allowing for more competitive play. The game also has several mechanics that seperate it from smash. For one, there's a super meter, making super moves something that happens in competitive play. Some characters have ""PP"" meters, that are spent when they use certain special moves. this balances out the more powerful moves, making it more risky to use them. Overall the game might be in early access, but it's already ready to compete with the other smash clones on steam, so when it gets finished, I'm sure it'll be the best one out there.alsoyou knowOFF and LISA in a smash clonethats reason enough to buy it"
