user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,407810,23367476,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"You know what's funny? As soon as i started playing the game, maxing out every setting available, i was amazed by two things, the first one being the fact that the game ran pretty darn well, and the second one being the fact that the game looked a little bit poorly, even from memory of having played the original Hard Reset a couple of weeks ago, i could tell there was something wrong about the textures, they look... just... Muddy.My fears were disregarded by a wave of hand coming from my head until i actually saw a comparison video on youtube about the game missing crucial things to enhance it's graphical fidelity, things like ambient occlusion, things like reflections, and lighting, or in my case, even the textures, i don't know what was the reason behind this ""downgrade"" but it's a sad thing that you keep announcing this game as a ""remastered edition"" from the original when in reality all that it does is add one new weapon, which i haven't even found yet, as well as a couple of small gameplay changes, like the dashing from Shadow Warrior for example.What's the point of remastering a game, to downgrade it's graphics in the first place? I'm not even asking for better graphics, but what you're basically charging me for it's to play the game with only one new weapon, one new dashing move, a couple of balancing changes, and that's it, i hope to see some kind of patch, or something that at the very least brings up the graphics up to par with the original release.The original, as well as this one, are great games, but when you're remastering something, the whole idea behind it it's to make the product in question better, not worse in any way, i don't understand... Maybe it was an accident... Who knows?"
,Not Recommended,407810,23371362,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,neonimpulse,"Hard Reset Redux is the graphical and gameplay upgrade to Hard Reset for the PC and consoles. The 2011 game was notorious for being really difficult because of the limited movement and hard hitting enemies that are bullet sponges on the higher difficulties. I loved the old game because of its' fast paced action as well as its unforgiving gameplay, despite its' faults.I played the Redux on Insane and have just started the Exile levels at this time of writing.Overall it is a decent update gameplay wise, but there seems to be a number of things that I feel are pointless or don't really integrate well. I'll start with the changes I noticed that were good:The enemies are no longer bullet sponges (except for the grenadier) which definitely makes the game less tediousThe dash and sprinting mechanic from the Shadow Warrior reboot makes it much easier to dodge dangerous melee attacks. You also seem to have infinite sprint.The damage of the little saw bots has been toned down so you don't die in one hit, which could happen very easily in the originalSome of the enemy spawns have been changed which I think adds to the variety compared to the originalThe new human enemies I found were a pretty cool additionThere is now music in Survival ModeGame runs flawlessly on an FX-8350 and R9-270X on UltraThe Redux is also moderately easier than before; the game seems to tolerate alot more mistakes and I have only died twice so far.These are things I think are negative or pointless changes:The ""Cyber Katana"", although a cool enough weapon, I found was pointless because melee in a game like this is somewhat dangerous plus trying to switch between all 3 weapons is somewhat annoyingThe updated graphics are barely noticable, even on ultraThe weapons are alot more clunkier to use; it takes a little longer to switch between the various modes and sometimes they are not responsive (like the smartgun lock-on)Some of the weapon animations are missing or are just less fluid. Compare the new grenade launcher with the original and you'll see what I mean.Some of the grunts from Shadow Warrior's Lo Wang have been added (such as when dashing or using the katana)  which is really misplacedVery minor nitpick, but the gui's used to unlock doors and whatnot, is no longer interative like in Doom 3, which the original game usedAnother minor nitpick, but in survivial mode, there is no longer any damage or enemy health modifiers.I have also encoutered a bug where the game would alt-tab and say it crashed, but it actually didn't and was able to continue like normal. This didn't happen in the old game but it did in Shadow Warrior. There have been mentions of becoming frozen at the upgrade machines but I haven't experienced that.All in all, I'm sorry to say but this Redux hasn't really done anything groundbreaking. There have been some good changes but I feel they do not warrant a whole new remake of the original. If you liked or hated the original and loved Shadow Warrior then try it out and form your own opinion on it. If you haven't played the original, you'll probably find this alright, but I recommend you grab the original first. However, if you are a Hard Reset purist or just hate the idea of remakes like this, then don't pick it up (except if you can get the discount)As for me, I think I'll stick with the original."
76561198008485859,Not Recommended,407810,26277392,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[ExR]-IAMV0LDY,"IF YOU WANT TO PLAY HARD RESET JUST BUY THE ORIGINAL ONEI've played the Hard Reset demo ages ago but never played the whole game, until recently I've found out about this remaster edition and, since they were both on sale, I've bought em both so I could get the discount on the Redux one.At the beginning it was fine, funny fast brainless FPS just as expected. but something was off: I remembered the demo to be quite challenging, while the Redux was pretty easy. I've played for 4/5 hours without dieying a single time on hard difficulty, so I've cheched some forum.Turns out THE REDUX VERSION IS COMPLETELY BROKEN: I'm not sure if it was intended by developers, but the new dash mechanic basically gives you the possibility to dash continuosly and dodge everything without basically any cooldown and NO STAMINA BAR DEPLETION, while the original Hard Reset just let you sprint with a fast depleting stamina bar!The problem is that the difficulty of the game is calibrated on the ""dashless"" version, so the dash will break the game challenge completely allowing you to doge most enemies way too easily.THE SWORD: coupled with the dash there is the new sword. Same cons here, the original game wasn't developed with the sword in mind, so it feels horrible to use and the fact that it gets in the way every time you cycle weapon is SUPER annoying, also I'm quite sure you are forced to pick it up to progress the game.THE GRAPHICS: if you wanted to play the game because of the improved graphic, you will be deluded. The quality is basically identical, most changes are just particles.In the Redux there is an option for over resolution (nothing you can't do anyway on the old version with NVIDIA control panel for example) , but the only available option for AA feels blurry for many people (FXAA).THE GOOD: thank to the revamped engine the game runs much more smoothly, if you have an high end system it won't matter but it might be a good thing for old pc or laptops.So, as I said in the beginning, the original game is nice and the graphics hold up very well (actuallt the atmosphere looks beautiful imho), so just buy that. If you really want to give the developers more money you are free to buy both, but you can definitely skip playing the redux."
,Recommended,407810,23403309,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Tom,"Hard Reset: Redux is an improved edition of Hard Reset that was released in 2012. A cyberpunk first person shooter.  Flying Wild Hog studio is well known for another other game, Shadow Warrior. The original game was not released on the consoles, so it is nice to see them get some love in this improved release of the title.The game play does not differ from the original. You play through a grim world set in the future where the landscape is completely overrun by robots. These robots are the reason for the human race becoming near extinct. Your job, playing as Major Fletcher, is to face these dangerous enemies and fight for your races’ future.Combat is very fast paced and hectic, leaving the player often facing hordes of enemies at once and some pretty powerful bosses too. You have access to multiple different types of weapons, a multi-function rifle, which can be improved to include attachments such as RPGs, grenade launchers, shotguns or mines, or a futuristic canon which has similar attachments, and this version of the game also comes with a new weapon, a cyber-katana sword. I can only assume this comes from the Shadow Warrior game as it plays very similar to how the melee combat works in that game. The other new feature to the game play, is the ability to perform quick dodges, this allows the player to easily manoeuvre out of the way of the enemies attacks and melee swings with a little finesse, rather than bunny hopping around the map. This quick dodge can also be used to zip across the map at speed.  The boss fights are challenging, as they incorporate waves of enemies as well different mechanics in order to defeat them. The level design is pretty well set out too; there was only a handful of times where I was completely lost and couldn’t work out where to go, each mission’s path is fairly linear, but it does allow for moments of exploration into side rooms and secret areas for extra loot and experience.Graphically, Hard Reset Redux has been improved significantly, utilizing the latest version of the Road Hog engine. The upgrade features better lighting and special effects, on top of a generally snappier game in terms of performance too. The voice acting is few and far between, but sound effects were all on point.If you played the original game, you may notice that some of the levels were shortened, or as the developers put it, “re-balanced” to allow for a better pace of game play. That being said, I managed to get just over seven hours of game play out of a single play through this game. The option for a New Game+ mode is also present upon finishing which is something I will definitely be giving ago.  The lack of a multiplayer mode may prove to be a slight error on the dev’s part, as the longevity of the game will not last more than two play throughs at the very least.I really enjoyed my time playing through the improved version of Hard Reset – it had been a few years since I played the original so it was nice to revisit this game – it is definitely improved in both gameplay and the technical side of the game. Owners of the original game on Steam will be happy to hear they will get a heavy discount on Redux (85% off) which is well worth it! Personally I am not sure it is worth the full price of $19.99 – if you don’t have the original, you may want to wait for the sale season.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghereand checking out theTeamTom Review sitehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/407810"
76561197988077759,Recommended,407810,23850354,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,danny_maland,"In my mind, this new version of ""Hard Reset"" is an either-or sort of proposition. The revisions made to the game are welcome, but really quite minor. Certain enemies make their debuts at different times, a quicksave feature is added (hooray!), and you get a melee weapon......but I can't say that I found the sword to be all that helpful.And its the same game. It looks almost exactly the same, the geometric level flow is the same, and the encounters are only rarely different. It's cool of Flying Wild Hog to release this iteration at all, but I also have to say that this really feels like it ought to have been a patch on the original product.Plus, for some reason, they just had to create cyborg zombies for this version. Zombies - seriously, can we get over this phenomenon already? Everyone's done it at least twice. It's unnecessary, especially when you already have a good stable of aggressive opponents for the player to duke it out with. (Mercifully, there aren't that many zombie encounters, and they seem to go away entirely in the late game.)If you don't have the original, get this version, because this ""Hard Reset"" is clearly the ""real"" one. If you've already played through ""V1.0,"" though, you may as well skip ""Redux."" The developer's efforts are to be appreciated, but this just isn't enough of a revamp for it to actually be a separate product."
,Not Recommended,407810,29303001,Posted: 16 January,all,L0LSL1D3,"Bottom line: just get the original Hard Reset Extended Edition.Pretty sure the only reason this redux exists was to promote Shadow Warrior 2, they nearly instantly dropped this redux after it was released.The visuals should have been improved, though I haven't noticed this at all (settings maxed), but that might be just me.They added the swoocing mechanics from Shadow Warrior 2013 to this game and removed the stamina, but barely rebalanced the game difficulty, making it really easy to beat.This redux features a light saber-like sword which controls like the Shadow Warrior katana which is a nice addition, but actually it's pretty useless because you won't stand a chance fighting enemies that close in this game.I also experienced a bug in this game with the enhanced perception mode upgrade causing the mouse sensitivity to boost like crazy. After searching the interwebs I found out other people were having this problem as well, but I couldn't find a solution to it.Honestly I only bought this game because I could pick it up for 1 euro because I already owned the original Hard Reset (extended edition).Just get the original Hard Reset Extended Edition because it's awesome!(My review of Hard Reset Extended Edition)"
76561197972712999,Recommended,407810,31411455,Posted: 28 April,all,tigercubz,"Hard Reset (original and Redux) reminds me of Painkiller in a way -- if it moves, shoot it.  If it doesn't move, shoot it anyway!Aside from updated graphics and new melee weapon and new mech-bad-guys, the single, biggest, most desired, wonderfullest upgrade is . . .TA DA, the ability to manually SAVE your game.  Kudos to the developer for bringing this feature back!!!I figger 99.99% of the FPS games lately have been ported from console systems, which means no friggin' saves.  Boy, do I miss that!  Having to replay and redo and reshoot the same level over and over made the games tedious instead of fun.Hey developers!  Bring back the manual saves!(Okay, I'll get down from the soapbox now)"
,Recommended,407810,23390516,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/LxxRZMexX3QTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Hard Reset Redux is an improved version of the fast-paced old-style FPS game Hard Reset. The game is set in a dark cyberpunk world where you play as Major Fletcher to fight against the machines to protect the last of humanity. The story was told through comic strip style images, and voice dialog. The graphics in the Redux version are improved from the original, but it wasn’t such a significant upgrade that I was blown away by them. Much like the original, the music and sound effects were done well, and the voice acting wasn’t amazing, but it was decent. The story is the same as in the original; it was decently written, but as my second time playing the game, I was more focused on just killing stuff.Pros:the new quick dash ability is THE best addition that was made to the gamecyber-katana is also a very good addition against certain types of enemiesfun, fast-paced combat, with a run and gun style using little to no cover while lots of enemies rush at you (plus lots of explosions!)killing enemies and finding secrets earns currency that lets you buy weapon and character upgrades to better fit your playstyleCons:brief delay every time the game auto-savedsmall delay when changing weapon modes (but it was easy to dash away to buy time)some minor bugs where some objects behaved strangely when you would walk into things causing the objects to go flyingweird bug where I dashed down a flight of stairs, and I died for absolutely no reason - I had no idea what happened, but it only happened once everI played the game on normal mode since I remembered the original being very difficult in some parts, but the Redux version was a lot easier than the original was. The new quick dash move makes life so much easier to dodge enemies, and just create a little breathing room. For me, the next best thing was the new cyber-katana that was added. At first I thought it was terrible weapon, since I thought being in melee range would just get me killed, but against certain types of enemies, this sword is fantastic! I used it a lot more than I thought I would, and it was really fun to use.There were two other weapon types, but each type you can upgrade into completely different gun modes. Most of the weapon types were very useful in different circumstances, but there were a few that I felt were mediocre at best, so I didn’t really use them.Conclusion:If you’re expecting DOOM, Hard Reset Redux is not up to par, but it’s still a similar style of combat, and fun to play. The game took me about 5 hours to complete, and this was the second time I played through the campaign. The dash ability and katana was great additions to the game, and I enjoyed the Redux playthrough much more than the original. It was almost four years ago that I played the original Hard Reset, and I had gotten it for dirt cheap in a bundle. I liked the original back then, and wanted to play it again, so I had no problem spending three bucks on the Redux version; it was worth it to me.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Not Recommended,407810,23525563,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"Let me start by saying that I love the original Hard Reset. I noticed how great games Flying Wild Hog can make and I was glad to play Shadow Warrior later on. Now, I'm looking forward to enjoying its sequel once released. Back to Hard Reset: it is a fast-paced, old-school-style FPS game with tons of enemies and lots of combat. All set in a Blade Runner-esque environment in which the emphasis is on getting the city rid of a lot of robots. More details can be found in my other review - since the vanilla game is still available for purchase I'll continue and focus on the Redux Edition's characteristics in this review.A propos Redux: it seems recent years have been characterised by the release of special editions of our favourite games. We got a Director's Cut edition to Deux Ex (caused quite a scandal with its vivid colours), a Definitive Edition to Sleeping Dogs (with enhanced graphics and a lot more pedestrians on Hong Kong's light-polluted streets) and just before Hard Reset's Redux version a Definitive Edition to both Dead Island games that proudly use the most recent iteration of Techland's Chrome engine. All was set for a very good edition of this game that has already turned 5 years old. But Flying Wild Hog could only disappoint me.The Good:+++ No more stamina: Finally! They realised that since it's all about running and gunning making our hero stop after a couple of seconds does not make much room for tactics. We now have the ability to run without stopping to catch our breath.+++ Better loading times and slightly reworked / tweaked gameplay: The former speaks for itself while the latter means that some areas have a different amount of enemies or the same amount of foes are placed differently. I noticed the game became easier on normal difficulty. I have to admit this is a good sign since the original was a tad bit difficult - I do like a good challenge but sometimes I had no idea what happened causing the bloody, red screen.The Bad:--- Graphics: Enhanced or not, I did not notice anything. Options are a bit different but overall they have the same results. It's been 5 years since Hard Reset's original release and as Shadow Warrior 2 is on its way we know for sure their engine can do far better things by now. There are some videos out there comparing this with the original release showing missing lighting and shadows - I did not notice such a thing but did not see anything I could label as ""enhanced"". Sorry, this is bad marketing. Also, performance was already very good - the original's specs were already average. Thus, ""better performance"" was not noticeable, either.and The Meh:--- New enemies: These Cyber Zombies do not make much sense in terms of story. Also, I got used to fighting robots why the sudden inclusion of humans? Plus, they are the slowest and weakest of all - only there to be bullet sponges.--- Katana: If I was harsh I would put this amongst the negative items. First of all, Shadow Warrior players will immediately recognise this weapon since it has the same two animations (primary and secondary attacks) that Lo Wang did when using it. It just has a different skin and while its lightsaber-ish sound makes it interesting its inclusion makes no sense. Your best bet is always to be as far from enemies as possible - Shadow Warrior was different since your acquired abilities allowed you to do special attacks with the blade. Here there's no such thing. Plus, the katana is ""in between"" the other two weapons so you always have to cycle through it when changing from one weapon to the other.Hard Reset is a great game. It's Redux Edition, however, is not. Newcomers can pick it up if they want but for those already having the original just have to launch the campaign once more - we do not need to find an excuse to go back and play again."
,Recommended,407810,32720694,Posted: 24 June,all,UnitKiller665502,"This is a review of the Redux version in particular.Overall, the game is alright, the weapons (or rather weapon modes) are fun to use, the visuals are quite nice, the soundtrack is average with some great tracks. However, I can't really say it's anything more than just ""Okay"" due to a few issues.The enemies are very bullet spongey, it's somewhat improved in the Redux version, but it can be very tedious taking down some of the enemies as a result. It's very annoying especially when the most bullet spongey enemies spawn so soon after the last ones.The redux version appears to have made the game much easier. This is due to the addition of the Shadow Warrior (Flying Wild Hog also developed that, the redux is infact clearly a port of Hard Reset to the updated Road Hog Engine which Shadow Warrior uses) style dodging mechanic. This makes avoiding enemies much easier to the point you can avoid most attacks by dodging around the battle area. Insane difficulty as a result felt very much like Normal - Hard instead. It's fun don't get me wrong, but it does make it feel too easy almost.Story is nothing to write home about. Generic cyberpunk Bladerunner/GitS kind of stuff with a dash of Terminator. Plot seemed somewhat hard to follow as well. Cutscenes are animated comic book kind of things. They look rather crude and honestly they aren't that interesting.And lastly, the Redux version is barely any different from the original Hard Reset. You get a new energy sword weapon (also straight out of Shadow Warrior, the hand pose is also identical as well as the animations) and a few new enemies (I think...?), but aside from a new engine and a weapon, it's barely any different.So if you already have Hard Reset, maybe skip this one. If not, I would definitely buy it.I dunno if you will want to play it more than once though. Shadow Warrior surpasses Hard Reset in virtually every way."
76561197983740996,Recommended,407810,24229356,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Chane,"Hard Reset Redux is the revised version of Hard Reset, a game released in 2011. The differences between both games are not too big. The developers added a katana to the weapons and zombies to the list of enemies. The level design remained the same. The most important difference is the difficulty. Hard Reset is considered a very hard game. Redux is far easier and allows for an 'insane' play-through which was almost impossible before. Like it's predecessor Hard Reset Redux is a very enjoyable single-player shooter that looks great and runs very smooth.Pros:- nice graphics- fast, hectic fighting with very aggressive enemies- good level design- very interesting weapon design. Your weapon is rifle, shotgun, rocket launcher, grenade thrower and mine thrower at the same time.- old school shooterCons:- story- some achievements seem bugged"
76561198019134697,Recommended,407810,23364415,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ness,"Hard Reset is a very good FPS, which while claiming to be ""retro style"" is closer the likes of Painkiller or Serious Sam than to Doom.Just so we're clear, I really liked the original Hard Reset as well as the Shadow Warrior reboot, and got 100% achievements in both.However, this Redux version a little disappointing. They decided to ride on Shadow Warrior's success and to take elements from it to add them into Hard Reset : the player is now able to dash in all 4 directions and can use a katana (acquired around 2 hours into the game).Just so we're clear on the new content, we're talking moves that are directly taken from Shadow Warrior, with the same animations.There are also new ""human"" enemies, but we're talking about reskinned version of previously existing enemies, the ""human looking"" robots, which were dreskinned with some human skins we could already see in the game... It does feel very cheap.They also changed a few combat situations by swapping some enemies here or adding some there. Some of that includes enemies from the old DLC added to the original levels. This is the good part of this version, if you enjoyed the original, it is worth replaying it just for those new combat situations... However,  only about 1 or 2 fights per level got changed! This is very light!Now the issues this version brings up.... Originally you could not dash, and you could only sprint forward. Now, not only you can dash in all four directions for as long as you want to, but that dash is a lot faster than the sprinting (sprint move which has therefore become completely useless).The good thing with the dash is that it makes the game faster paced.... The bad thing is that the enemies AI were not updated in consequence of the new moves. The enemies are still designed with in mind, a player who can only sprint forward and not at a great speed...The result is that this new dash move allows you to outmaneuver every enemy very easily. MANY of the game's enemies have attacks which are based on rushing towards the player, but now, you can easily dash in any direction to get away.In the original game, the fun and skill of the game came from predicting the enemies attack and reacting quick enough, but now you can simply f**k around not caring so much, and get away from most situation with a couple of simples dashes.As for the katana, it can become useful against rusher enemies and in close-up situations. However, the original game's balance is based around managing two different ammo types, using one not to run out of the other and vice versa. A huge part of this balance and ammo management is screwed because the katana doesn't use any ammo at all, and lets you get away with bad weapon management...In other words the balance of the game has been completely screwed, and it requires a lot less skill to be good at the game.If you have never played Hard Reset, play the original game first. Then play Redux if you like the game enough.Recommended for fans of the game only."
,Recommended,407810,23702955,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,AJAKZ!,"I thoroughly enjoyed Hard Reset Redux, but I get that it probably isn't for everyone. It's a bare-bones, single-player, swarm-based first person shooter, set in an absolutely beautiful cyberpunk world.Being a big fan of the genre, I was mesmerized at the environments the art directors came up with, and found myself F12'ing frequently due to the games sheer beauty.The game play itself is reminiscent of 90s FPS', which by todays standards can be repetitive. Despite the fact that I grew up playing Wolf3d, Doom & ROTT, I still found myself playing Hard Reset in short intervals of between 30mins~1hr. Due to its simplicity, nothing felt lost playing like this.The levels are linear and secrets are scattered throughout.The game does tend to feel somewhat arcade-like, which is a positive for me. Weapon selection & constant movement is very important; if you don't keep moving, dashing & changing between weapon modes, you will die a lot.There is a fairly decent amount of enemy variety in the game, and the boss fights are at times challenging, yet refreshing.The only things I can possibly fault the game on is that I did find the story somewhat incoherent & lacking a proper conclusion. It's as if the developers had hoped to produce a sequel. The voice acting also made me cringe at times.Conclusion: Frantic & at times challenging gameplay; Awesome weapons & character leveling system; truly beautiful environments and a fantastic soundtrack. I definitely recommend Hard Reset Redux for anyone who is a fan of mindless old-school first person shooters & cyberpunk fiction."
,Recommended,407810,23363292,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,76561198002511762,"This scratches an itch I didn't know I still had.It's a 90's style FPS with all the chaos and action you could possibly want. The new dash mechanic feels great and I can run the game on my less-than good computer so the new graphics engine helps me out as well.The rebalance pacing is good, so far the combat pacing has felt really good too, controls feel tight, enemies are fun to kill- watching parts of them blow off and then they start to crawl toward you.The only complaint I have is when you get stuck and aren't sure where to go next- but this has always been an issue with me when it comes to old style FPS's so I'll leave it up to you how much you dislike that sort of thing.Basically buy this game if you just want to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up in a fast-paced combat environment with lots of explosions and destruction. Game has a decent story and a nice futuristic cyber punk setting."
,Recommended,407810,23373010,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Butane,"This redux was not necessary. The dash movement is nice and the load times are definitely a lot faster. It seems to be even better optimized than before but that's expected since this is, after all, made for consoles now. The quick save/load feature is very nice but would be more useful in the original version.Other than this the game looks and feels pretty much the same with the exception of an added annoying bob and some slight visual changes/additions. The difficulty levels are laughable now. Hard mode almost appears to be easier than the original easy mode.Despite all this I still recommend the game and my original review still stands:http://www.thegravelpit.net/game-review/hard-reset/I would probably recommend the original over this one, mostly due to the gameplay challenge but also because it looks more crisp and feels better, but you can't go wrong with either one."
76561198053260645,Recommended,407810,28957541,Posted: 2 January,all,Godel,"I originally played Redux first and got all achievements. After a while, I was itching for some more action so I checked out the original, which I had gotten along side Redux when I bought it. Having played both the original and Redux, I honestly recommend either.Based on the differences, you should pick up the one that sounds more suitable to your play style and or setup:OriginalPros:Looks slightly betterwhen still.Damage dealt here is higher, so fights don't take as long.Cons:Sprint feature compared to Redux is almost useless.Game runs considerably less smoothly than Redux. Used lowest settings with a Q6600 and GTX 460 and couldn't even muster nearly what I could using the same computer on Redux with medium-high settings.Can't save outside of the set savepoints. In addition to some fights beingconsiderablyharder due to increased damage taken, this can make some parts of the game very frustrating.Less forgiving.ReduxPros:Looks slightly betterwhen in motion.More forgiving; can save outside of predetermined auto-save spots and damage taken is considerably lower.Sprint feature makes it considerably faster to get around and makes some pesky NANO pickups easier to grab.Game runs very smooth even on older systems.Cons:Sprint feature was not really built into the game originally and is kind of unbalanced. In addition, it will occasionally get you killed when used around staircases due to putting you out of bounds.The save at any time feature allows you to illicitly get some achievements.Beacuse damage done is lower, some fights feel like they drag on for ages."
76561197984386394,Not Recommended,407810,23461583,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Yakkte,"New Features: Katana, Zombies, Side dash and perma-sprint.Sadly they downgraded it to a console version, the graphic quality is slightly worse than Hard Reset EE (You can see and feel it) and the controls are dumbed down (Screen-Interface for buttons is gone). Instead using the mouse you only hit the ""E"" button to interact. That's a real pity. Further the difficulty from Hard Reset Redux is reduced. It's now a walk in the park.Hard Reset EE does everything slightly better than Hard Reset Redux, but Hard Reset Redux have these nice new features.I want to see the new features as an DLC for Hard Reset Extended Edition.Or they bring back the Interface interactions and the graphic quality from Hard Reset EE."
,Recommended,407810,23649462,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MichiGen,"I dare to say that even if you didn't like the original Hard Reset very much you will like the Redux. Simple addition of dash button makes combat encounters so much better! The combat is fast and fluid and now you can chop your enemies to pieces with a new weapon - katana. The change to a new engine is very well done, the optimization is incredible (static lighting has been also changed to dynamic), it all runs very fast even on older computers and even after a few years graphics still looks really nice.Hard Reset Redux is a perfect choice for fans of fast, frenetic FPS shooters."
76561198010934172,Recommended,407810,26005920,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,I just wanna be pure,"Pretty fun game with intense combat and an eerie atmosphere. Although there isnt much of a story, the gameplay makes up for it. It has some pretty great boss battles, a variety of enemies, and even though you only have two real weapons, the addons you can upgrade to make them more than enough. Defintely a great game."
76561197993437321,Recommended,407810,23389409,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Carm3D,"Very old-school shooter. No reloading. It's like Doom but with robots instead of demons.  If you want Doom 2016 but can't afford it this is a decent low-budget, bloodless alternative.  It scratches that same old-school itch.If you had the original Hard Reset it has one more weapon (Katana) and a charge attack. The graphics don't look much different from the original; but the original was already quite an attractive game.  The enemy spawning placement was also re-arranged.  If you don't expect it to be much different from the first game it's a fun revisit."
,Recommended,407810,23441123,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,supernaut,"Never owned any previous version of Hard Reset, I wasn't impressed by the demo a few years ago, but having Shadow Warrior on my account gave me a nice deal here, so an initial 10 hours for €3 ain't too shabby, not one bit broseph.First off, I don't like shooting robots and with the risk of sounding like an insane person, I prefer flesh over metal. But it's not a kid's game, it's pretty challenging in fact, even on Normal and not necessarily for the right reasons. Hard, Insane and Hero mode await those who are hungry for more. If it weren't for the quicksave option, I wouldn't have even considered it. An old school shooter with autosave only is a very bad mix, unless there's one around every corner, so avoid the Extended Edition. Speaking of ""old school"", Hard Reset doesn't have crouch and for a game that has plenty of secrets, that seems like a gross oversight. Dash mode helps with getting to tougher spots, but it's hit or miss.Story has never mattered in games like these and at one point those comic book slideshows with voice overs will eventually run out and then you'll just see loading screens between levels until the end of the game, when it's time for a final cutscene. Someone did something they shouldn't have and you're there to clean up their mess. Kill everyone in sight, end of story. I also shot the cleaning robots. They moved.There are technically two weapons (with upgrades), three if you count the Katana, which isn't very practical here, but it's there if you need it. Weapon modes are nice, making up for the lack of guns that look different on your HUD but serve the exact same purpose. It takes a while to upgrade them, for the game to actually start getting fun and it wouldn't surprise me one bit if you don't get past the first 2 or 4 hours. There's nothing special about this game but I finished it, so there must've been something that tickled me. RPG and Railgun were my two preferred weapon modes, while environmental damage did the rest.Hard Reset Redux is a serviceable FPS with 115 achievements, annoying enemies and tight spots full of explosives. Why is it that small non-human enemy types are usually goofy, clumsy and make silly noises? What's the psychology behind that design? Is it scary when you're swarmed by hordes of critters with sawblades, propellers and bombs? I suppose, but why do they remind me of children or circus folk? Why do the small guys in the Halo games behave like idiots? Remember manhacks in a game called Half-Life 2? Well, I didn't get that sense with those things or any other enemy for that matter. All of them scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me and I wasn't thinking of children or circus folk. Is it the ""people are scared of clowns"" or Children of the Corn thing at work? Well, it's not working, they're just annoying. Get this game on the cheap side, just in case."
76561197964798094,Recommended,407810,23363134,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MadAsAHatter,"The enhancements make it worth a second playthrough if you already played the original. I didn't realize any vast visual improvements but the runs MUCH better with the upgraded engine. The slowdowns and movement hickups are gone completely. The gameplay changes, especially the 'dogde' function, are awesome. That's what bugged me most in the original and now you can finally evade those charging enemies."
76561198032453716,Recommended,407810,26560158,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ronnin426850,"A decent prev-gen classic arcade FPS. Here are my ratings and pros/cons by category:GRAPHICS: 7/10Cons:- Mediocre textures- Mediocre effects- Horrid AA- Some low-poly objects- Could use more decals and particle effectsPros:- Very dynamic world, every object has physics- Very good design- Upscaling and Downscaling settings- 200+ FPS on Rx470- Nice SSAOSOUND: 8/10Cons:- Almost no gameplay valuePros:- Nice weapon soundsMUSIC: 2/10Cons:- Music is not affected by what happens in game- Horridly mediocrePros:- MusicATMOSPHERE: 7/10Cons:- Could use some more humans to add gravity to the social situationPros:- Some great design on city streets- Robots look sufficiently robotic- Futuristic setting reminiscent of DeusExSTORY: 5/10Cons:- Horridly written- Poor humorPros:- Interesting settingGAMEPLAY: 7/10Cons:- Can be repetitive- A bit easyPros:- Good action- Weapon and equipment upgradesOverall I'm very happy with the game, got it for 3.75 EUR, best 3.75 EUR I've spent in a while."
,Recommended,407810,26022687,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Noxat,"Hard Reset starts out rather slow.  The weapons are dull, maps are linear and the robot bad guys are your standard rush n' smash affair.  However as the game progresses and skill point accumulate, things get far more exciting.  Maps stay fairly linear but are designed in ways that feel much more vast and satisfying than the early game.  Weapon upgrades offer all sorts of fantastic combos and crowd control techniques.  Robots swarm and fly and drop bombs and there is real sense of strategy in learning to deal with each one.However I gave up on the story about three chapters in.  Something about AI invading human brains downloaded to computers?  I dunno.  Just give me robots to frag!With Flying Wild Hog in the midst of releasing their latest title, Shadow Warrior 2, it's been fun to go back and discover their FPS roots.  There's a nice little gem here if you can slog through the early portions to find it."
,Recommended,407810,33134188,Posted: 2 July,all,shrub,"Pros:- Enjoyable arcade-like gameplay- Different weapon builds depending on what the player finds interesting- Remains fun while keeping the game very simple. The only confusing part about this game is the upgrade descriptions- Boss fights, while easy, are super satisfying-Cons:- Followable, but uninteresting story and boring characters, and the comic book-like cutscenes are hard to look at- Little replay value because the gameplay is too repetitive- The final boss fight literally lasts about a minute once you figure out what to do, even if you arent trying to go fast- The game is WAY too short. I beat it on my first playthrough in a little over five hours, and there really isn't a whole lot to do because the game is so linear apart from searching for supply stashes.- (Disclaimer: I haven't played on Hard because I have no interest in replaying this game) The game is also extremely easy from my experience on Normal mode. You won't be forced to use a different weapon that much because there is so much ammo everywhere. The gameplay while still enjoyable is easy and there isn't much reward  There were (maybe) 4 or 5 parts that I had to retry a few times.- Drab environments (Not really a big complaint as this game is dystopian but still there is very little emotion to feel in the world)- Very little enemy variation up until the endI don't think you should buy this game for $20, either buy it before the summer sale ends or when it goes on sale again."
,Not Recommended,407810,33128960,Posted: 2 July,all,HappyLarry,"It's definitely a decent shooter, graphics are nice and the gameplay isn't too bad. But it just doesn't have any heart in it. The main character is boring, the plot is boring, I just don't care enough for them to keep throwing waves of drab enemies at me in drab environments. It is just not that enjoyable.If you only like gameplay, you'll like it. If you want heart and some sense of purpose, you're not really gonna find it here."
76561197991756666,Recommended,407810,23424935,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,nerk hayze,"HARD RESET remains a quality gameI liked the first Hard Reset, & I like this REDUX.Not easy to compare the 2 games.I personally am appreciative of the additions in this edition,somenew weapon's,new enemy's,the loyalty discount.Here the dev's reply to claims of downgrade's of the graphics compared with the first game.It is through the REDUX re-creation's of our beloved games we uncover the dedicated DEV/GAMERS for who they are & PLAY their games again & again!Thank you.I recommend.Game On"
,Recommended,407810,23394735,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Toni,"Pros:-If you don't own the OG you will get it for free-Great FPS-Smoother gameplay through the addition of dodge-No more bullet spongy enemiesNeutral:-Katana feels like it was ripped straight out of Shadow Warrior, also no upgrade tree for it-Forgettable story-A little easy because of the rebalance, died not once on normalCons:-A little short, took me 5 hours to complete the whole thingConclusion:If you can get the game for 3 euro and haven't played it buy it.If you own the old one and want something that scratches your FPS itch buy it.If you can't get it for 3 euro just wait for Summer Sale and pick it up for cheap."
76561197988088811,Recommended,407810,30580164,Posted: 17 March,all,Pillklaus,"A great game for people who hate advertisements.Have you noticed how dozens of games over the past few years have claimed to be ""based on"" or ""inspired by"" the great shooters of the nineties? This is the only game that deserves to make that claim. No crouching, no reloading, just boom boom and smartarse protagonist.Has the kind of spiffy level design one hopes for as well. You know you're on the right track when you finish a section, pick up an upgrade currency item and unlock your next upgrade point right then. Clean, smooth, smart, fun."
,Recommended,407810,23383197,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,TreeTrunk,"Firstly, I completed HEROIC MODE of the original Hard Reset back in early 2014, and have 61 hours logged in for that game.I just completed the first level of this redux version.I was very disappointed to see that the visuals are DEFINITELY worse. It has been made gamepad-friendly with infinite dash and sprint, which is actually great for M+KB controls as well, but I think the animations are less fluid, even the robot arms in the main menu have jagged movements, and the explosions are not nearly as beautiful as they once were. Yeah I think the framerate is a little better but not much.This should be called ""CONSOLIFIED"" rather than ""redux"".With that said, I have missed this game. It is still AMAZINGLY fun and satisfying. This dumbed-down version is still worth the $3 to me. You are essentially playing the 'Shadow Warrior (2013)' character in this game and just because of that I will absolutely play this to completion and do heroic mode again. It's just too fun.The original PC-exclusive version is still the best version though, so as a huge fan of this game, I would rather people remember that version when they think of Hard Reset.EDIT: They released a 600mb patch today so after downloading that and disabling SSAO in options, I am very pleased to say that the game looks and feels just like I remembered the original being. Beautifully optimised game with great graphics and framerate. Safe purchase for fans new and old, and for people who generally enjoy action games."
,Recommended,407810,25979396,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,|UKMD| oldgreydude,Just a great old skool shooterNice weapon system with upgradesYou need to find your way around the quite large levels the game doesn't hold your hand with mini-maps or a pointer it makes you think a bit about where you need to go & what to do nextThe game looks fantastic runs super smoothAny FPS fan should get this
76561198326023938,Recommended,407810,26569898,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),Like Doom?Like Shadow Warrior?no > then dont buy ityes > then buy itIts just mindless action - superb graphics - The setting for the story is really really good with great attention to detail in creating a cyberpunk world - really good destructible environments that can be used to kill enemies - Pew pew pewbtw i borught this on sale for less than £4 so absolute bargainactually i have to add after having hammered this game for a good few hours now - this is an awesome game. The views in some places will blow your mind and the weapon seletion is cool and I like how they have simplified everything into 2 types of ammo then add to this destructible environments and you have a winner. The boss fights are good old Grindfests against HUGE bosses and satisfying when you win.It also hasa great story which might get lost on some people - its a very hard sci-fi plot told in comic book cut sequences with great voice acting but if you loved movies like bladerunner and the matrix and you like games like Doom and Shadow Warrior you cant go wrong with this. Just dont play Hard Reset. play HARD RESET:REDUX. it is a shame that the bonus content has not been reduxed - would love to play it -lol this game is so good i am replaying it on insane difficulty now - havent played an fps that I loved this much since quake came out :)
,Recommended,407810,24159199,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"Yeah this game is alright, you will have to buy it onsale like I did for 3euro and then it's a fair price.The Storyline is a little weak and unclear, but basicly you go about and shoot whatever wants to kill you.You have only 2 weapons and a sword at somepoint.One weapon is a Rifle that can be upgraded to turn into a shotgun, rocket launcher and more.The other weapon is an Electric and also can be upgraded to shoot and do different things.It's not really clear to me which weapon is best to use and it's sometimes also not clear where you are supposed to be.Also some achievements are broken, would be nice if t was fixed cause this game has far to many achievements.But I feel the Devs at this point are still involved and will fix that broken achievements.It's a short game it can be finished in about 5 hours I did that on normal learning the game.Now I'll rush it on Hard and it won't take very long.So yeah I do recommend this game, but it needs to be on sale as the graphics are also mediocre."
,Recommended,407810,33913928,Posted: 30 July,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Katniss Everdeen,"Awesome game, with nice graphics combined with a perfect optimization that shows you levels with impressive interiors/exteriors full of details where mostly everything can be crushed, broken or exploded. The game itself is fast paced, where the best tactic in most situations is rush for the enemy keeping an eye in your surrondings at all time to use the environment as an extra weapon. Boss fights were pretty epic, as same as many of the encounters with common enemies. Lovely level design (I have to say it again) with a wide wariety of scenarios full of immerive ambient sounds and music. Highly recommended game."
,Recommended,407810,25518387,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Zipomatic,"If you have played any of Flying Wild Hog's other shooters, you will have a general idea of what to expect here.Move forward, a whole bunch of bad guys appear, you kill them, move onwards, another swarm of baddies appear, rinse, repeat, mix in the occasional door unlock switch here and there, another set of bad guys who are harder to kill, you get the picture.The main problem is, as you progress further into the game, to make the game more difficult, you are given lees room to manouver, so when robots charge at you at high speed, you can have a lot of problems dodging the attack.Personally I think Bulletstorm is better, but this one is more fun that Shadow Warrior, but that's just my preference, each to their own. If you like Flying Wild Hog games, I am sure you will enjoy this one too."
76561197970973914,Recommended,407810,23386498,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,dimmer,A fun and beautiful FPS in the vein of Painkiller and Serious Sam.
,Recommended,407810,23462594,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"While many will it write off as a late-bloomer of Next Gen rereleases, Hard Reset Redux is a return to form. For what it offers to rebalance the game the experience is definitely the ""definitive"" version though not exactly the way it was meant to be played.As great as HRR is, however, I feel as though HRR is more of a content update than what we come to expect from remasters. There are improvements elsewhere such as performance--as well as questionable ""missing assets""--but with how great the classic game ran on potatoes to Titans these changes are very subtle.Let's Not Mention the E-WordIf you are not already aware, owners of either Shadow Warrior (2013) or the original HR can purchase this game for 85% off as a lifetime guarentee. I don't mind ""rebuying"" games if previous owners get some discount or worthwhile content. HRR does just enough to not bother me with the price but I do feel for a remastered game it's lackluster.HRR offers added features and an entirely rebalanced game for the price. You are essentially getting features like Quicksaves, a new Engine with subtle changes like quicker load-times, the dash mechanic and sword  from Shadow Warrior, and a MUCH better performance in an already excellent optomized games (average of 300+ FPS),Many of these features seem like a content update. I am no programmer, so I can't begin to fathom any coding issues that I am oblvious to but that's how I come away from the whole debacle.As for graphical changes, they are so small you have to be nitpicky to find them. Some of these changes have been called into question like the dynamic lighting, and others are vast improvements like the fire effects. FWH has addressed any ""downgrade"" issues here:http://www.pcgamer.com/hard-reset-studio-addresses-redux-graphics-complaints/With all this information being said, let's actually talk how great HR is.Painkiller: Blade Runner EditionFor those who do not know, FWH was founded by former members of People Can Fly who made series like Painkiller. Add a little more Philip K. D-ick's Blade Runner to the mix and you'll get something along the lines of Hard Reset.This information is important because when people describe HR as an old-school FPS it's not a DOOM-clone where you are scavenging ammo and exploring maze-like environments. Instead, you'll always have a surplus of ammo and be a linear set of arenas. HR is more akin to Serious Sam or Painkiller with a few innovations of its own.HR's most important innovation is its two-weapon limit with multiple functions. In total, you can unlock a full arsenal of ten with your two ammo pools: A balistic/grenade rifle and an energy gun.  Finding nano-points to unlock upgrades provides some level of progression and overall ""choice"" with your playstyle.These weapon modifications range from simple stat changes to more interesting options like EMP Fletchers for a shotgun or a gravity-pulling grenade, or even the stasis-field mortar round. All these options give you something to look forward to and no weapon feels entirely worthless, but you should invest upgrades into both guns to use both ammo types.What I can say about this system is that it never feels cumbersome. Weapon functions for each gun can be switched out with the mouse-wheel or number keys. It's confusing at first but it becomes natural later.Although I say you have ""choices"" with progression, you'll most likely unlock everything by the end. And because certain weapon functions are gated behind other functions, the extent of your choices means little except for the beginning.HRR adds a cyber-katana taken straight from Shadow Warrior, and aside from the coolness factor of the weapon it doesn't offer much else for use. (You get it from the get-go on Insane or Heroic Mode.) Many enemies in HR do splash/explosive damage, and only the mooks or new ""cyber-zombies"" offer any reason to pull it out to kill them quickly. I don't bemoan its inclusion but I have to wonder why it's here.But there's another problem with its inclusion. If you play the game with the default controls it's a monkey-katana thrown into your controls, Literally. The default weapon-cycle button includes the sword, and if you want to switch between your guns it leads to another button-press (and second) to get to your gun.The simplest solution to this problem is to set key-bindings for each weapon individually. While it does add another few keys to memorize it will improve your experience, so it's not a game-breaking issue.What I do find lacking about the cyber-katana's inclusion is the lack of upgrades. Upgrades that could focus on weapon-synergy (like using the sword in the stasis field for extra damage) or for a particular playstyle are missing , which seems odd when the other weapons in HR are just fine.Again, the new weapon is fine on its own but it is severely underdeveloped. It showcases a problem of FWH understanding many things for how to make a great FPS, and yet making changes that aren't balanced by the rest of the game.Bunnyhopping? Meet ButtslidingPerhaps the other questionable aspect of HRR is its change of difficulty. I am of the camp that likes the new balancing act; I don't find it too demanding for casuals nor too lenient for hardcore players. However, it is clear to me that the game doesn't feel designed around its new mechanics, specifically the dash-manuever.The challenge of the original was of maintaining both a spatial awareness of the battlefield as well as the distance between from enemies. If that sounds too technical, it's simply don't get stuck in a corner.Your character's movements were slow, and you had to lower your weapon to move faster. Enemies moved faster than you, but not too fast to give you time to react and were dumb with their AI. Weapon modifications primarily focus on imbolizing enemies, slowing them down, or keeping them away (like sticky bombs or grenades).Although the sponginess of enemies was an issue and some arenas were too small, the game's difficulty felt like it understood itself. The same cannot be said for HRR's changes.The biggest new inclusion is the dash mechanic. You can chain together lengthy dashes to get serious distance away from (or up close to) enemies. I consider this a change for the better--however, I do wish there was a stamina bar to balance it. The mechanic does its job for lowering the barrier for entry while raising the skill required to get good. I am frankly so used to its inclusion that I cannot go back to the original.However, this new change argubly breaks the game's difficulty. The enemies' AI is still as dumb as before, and now you can exploit it; their health is far smaller and their damage to you is weaker too, thus you can zig-zag all you like. The old game simply wasn't made for it, and some fans of the original may not like how ""easier"" the game has become.Some might argue that this alone doesn't make this the ""definitive"" (the way it is meant to be played) version. I wouldn't go so far as agree with this opinion but fans of the original might not feel the same.Same Old Reset, Same Nostalgic CallOutside of these new changes, the same merits and problems of HR are found here, especially the story. It is sparse, cheesy and nonsense in the end; it serves its purpose but the ending has not been reworked to be less anticlimatic.As for the game itself, I do appreciate FWH taking the time to polish their past. I don't feel like it was a cash-in but FWH trying to address criticism.Anyway, to summarize (or a TL;DR adieu) you should get HRR:If you were interested in playing HR before, then you'll probably enjoy this game more than hardcore fans; if you didn't like the old difficulty, then you might enjoy the Redux for what it changes. If you didn't like HR at its core, reseting again won't change a thing."
,Recommended,407810,26238033,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ERock022,"This game is fun as hell.  I am just doing the review based on the game itself, not the performance or graphical improvements of this one compared to the previous version.  I never got around to finishing the game before they released this version of the game so I thought I would just play the Redux version.  I just finished up Shadow Warrior 2 and wanted something similar so I fired this bad boy up.  I am not disappointed either.  If you enjoy Shadow Warrior you will also enjoy this game.  I just love the fast paced play that this game has.  It puts Doom to shame (not saying Doom is bad, this is just better in my opinion).  I love dashing around enemy gun fire constantly while maintaining a steady stream a fire on the enemies.  The boss fights so far in this game are also great.  I think the smart rocket makes the game a little to easy, I think they could have left it out.  The good thing is no one is forcing you to use the smart rocket.  Once you learn the intricacies of each weapon you can really do some serious damage even at the highest difficulty which I recommend as that is what I am playing and am not having problems, but it does provide a great challenge.    Buy this game at any price, it is well worth $20."
,Not Recommended,407810,23424823,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,kireta,"Poorly done rebalance. I advice get original version.It's hard to me to find any reason to buy this one instead. New features are just patched in without much of thinking how they affect gameplay. It's most painful with sprint which is now limitless and works in all directions, you can dance circles around enemies. Not only AI is not adjusted to this, but game often fails to spawn enemies as sufficient rate. New enemies are less than impressive, zombies have been clearly added just for sake of having easy targets for katana.Plus tiny annoyances, like beign locked in place when browsing mods, or excessive spread of machinegun/plasma gun.And while game is indeed easier on Normal, I seem to miss out purpose of it. Original game already had Easy difficulty.I may edit this review after I complete the game, but so far I'm less than impressed."
,Recommended,407810,25630148,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,"Akydyr, The Blue Flame","I absolutely love every second of this game, When I played the original I had such a blast playing, And when they announced a Redux version I got excited, Now finally playing it and still loving evewry second of it.I REALLY hope Flying Wild Hog Make more games like this one"
76561197960458789,Recommended,407810,23908768,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,plethra metal fatigue,"Pretty cool game, first few levels are kind of blah but picks up story wise.  Still some annoying bugs to be ironed out.  Lots of achievements.   Plays like an old school fps."
76561198075466721,Recommended,407810,32052251,Posted: 29 May,all,Jean,"This nice little game gets some short review here:Pro:+ nice atmosphere+ jump scares (holy♥♥♥♥♥♥my heart....)+ music and surroundings match the mood+ nice physics+ interesting weapon mechanic+ rewarding gameplay for me in terms of fullfillment+ story: easy and entertaining (i like those comic shots + moving pics)+ apocalyptic machine-setting i like it+ nice graphics (havent played the original, but i will in the future)+♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hero all the time XD (i love him)+ pretty entertaining over all+ died a lot but it wasn't frustratingCons:- could have been longer- minor bugsi was pretty satisfying the play this game. over all i played 2 times through. First on Normal, then on Insane. Heroic is a little bit too unrewarding in my opinion. But i sure love this game. 90% for me. can't wait for a second coming of this Masterpiece..."
,Recommended,407810,26555937,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Activemessiah,"I can understand why some people may not prefer this to the original and some of the accusations of ""downgrading"" were addressed with the recent patch but to be fair, the original suffered ridiculous frame drops all over the place, it wanted a high end rig just have a solid frame rate, the good thing about this redux is that its well optimised to the point where I actually no longer need to upgrade my hardware, this game is the most beautiful Cyberpunk game currently out there right now so please support this so we may get a sequel of a sort now that FWH have found their place in the gaming industry. With the success of SW, we can hope they revisit this and do more and expand on this luscious world.Recommended for Blade Runner fans, old school shooters and all things Cyberpunk!"
,Recommended,407810,26564013,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,i committed tax fraud,Great graphics and runs smoothly on ultra even with a potato
,Recommended,407810,23424430,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Narrator,"Seriously?  This is an epic sci-fi AAA action game and they should really be charging more money for it.This is a STEAL for $20, but becuase I already owned the original I was able to pick it up for $3.That's an OUTRAGEOUS deal and I feel a little bad paying so little for the content.The additinal campaign in Hard Reset :Redux is WELL worth the price of admission and the environments are TOTALLY new. The new areas are gritty and dirty and nasty, yet highly polished. I can highly recommend that you purchase Redux and I'll be on the lookout for more from these devs."
,Not Recommended,407810,23380078,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MorbidComplex,Its a downgrade with slight gameplay updates. The graphics compared to the original is terrible and muddy. Buy the original.
,Recommended,407810,23630170,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,bad_rain,"I remember when original Hard Reset came out. I've preordered, because I'm a cyberpunk junkie. Unfortunatly, Hard Reset was not very good back then. Hitboxes were broken, movement was absurdly sluggish. Weapon mods took an age to cycle through. Also, the story was complete gibberish. Many issues were fixed in patches and later in Enhanced Edition.Now, after a couple of years - we got the Redux version. I can honestly say, thats the game I was expecting back in 2011.I can't say it's looking much better than the original, but the gameplay is improved. Movement is more fluid, added dash function makes the game more immersive and more skill-based. And... well, it is the most prominent improvment. Yes, there's the new weapon - katana, which is useless in most of the encounters. Hard Reset just feels a lot quicker, more enjoyable. You don't struggle with controls. The original felt like trying to move in wet cement.TL;DR-  Hard Reset Redux is a enjoyable cyberpunk old-school shooter (no reload, no cover, no regenerating health). It's nothing extraordinary, the story is still total garbage... but it will be a organic choice after the new DOOM game. If you need more of pure carnage (this time with robots), Hard Reset is a solid 7 out 10."
,Recommended,407810,23365877,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Hobbes,"Hard Reset gets a revisit and for current owners, an absolute no brainer of an update, for new buyers? Read on.Okay, if you own Hard Reset, or you own Shadow Warrior, and thus get the crazy 85% discount, ignore everything in the review, go to the ""Buy now"" button, and pick up the game. At the silly cheap price it's being offered at, they're offering you a gift of a very, very good game, which has been refurnished in their newer engine, with some much needed gameplay tweaks, and some optimisations and additions, for less than the price of a coffee. You would be a complete lunatic not to pick it up for the price offered, or flat broke, but it's -easily- worth the pittance they're asking for the update, and makes the Metro Redux package offer look a bit absurd in comparison.A cyberpunk shooter of excellent pedigree, now with added polish!Hard Reset was a -great- game when it came out, it was unashamedly old school, it didn't even have a crouch button. But it's laserlike focus on good gunplay (it had a shotgun that made me happy in ways that should be illegal) and excellent visual design easily marked it as one of my picks back at the time. It's aged well too, mostly because the engine it rested on was a very well optimised one for the PC platform, you could pretty much run it on a toaster and get good looking results.Which may beg the question - Why the ""redux"" update? A few reasons. One - Cybersword. You get a melee option in case you were lacking enough tools as it is. Two, they've integrated the DLC in much more cleanly, so it now presents a much tidier experience. Three, they've updated the engine to give even -more- scalability and at the top end, an even shinier presentation. They've also made some adjustments like deciding the whole stamina system could die in a fire, and therefore allowing you to dodge and run around at will, this is entirely for the good by the way, the game needed that adjustment.As before, this is as pure a shooter as it's possible to get, you go charging from place to place shooting everything that isn't you, the graphics are great, the sound is rich, and the enemies are unforgiving. Granted, this isn't DOOM, but it's a very good ""AA"" tier take on the topic, and it very definitely holds its' own as a game which for half the price, will easily give you a lot of entertainment for your buck.In effect, for new buyers this is the ""Definitive"" presentation of Hard Reset, made ready for the console crowd (and to them I really do recommend they grab it, it's a great experience), and for people on Steam, this is definitely the way to go, because they'll get the version of the game ""as the creators intended"", a sort of Director's cut if you will. With all the rough edges sanded off and all the best parts made even better.Closing thoughtsA good way to look at this is as the ""Director's cut"" of Hard Reset, it's been given the treatment that the developers felt it deserved, and for current owners, they're getting the finalised version at the cost of a cup of coffee, so there's no reason to feel slighted. For new buyers, this is the version to get, and as a result, I've very little hesitation giving it a solid pair of thumbs up. This is a very, very good ""AA"" first person shooter, and deserves your time, and your trigger finger.Verdict :Highly recommended"
,Recommended,407810,23400662,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Kurshuk,"Got it on sale for $3.At this price it was an amazing value.Things to know1. The story does not make sense2. This is a pretty decent shooter with tons of stuff to blow up every level3. No really, every fight you'll see explosions or arcs of electricity4. The story does not make senseIf you like old school FPS that don't use a lot of the cover mechanics ingrained in today's shooters I recommend it. I'll warn you just one last time. Play it like there's no story, try not to listen to the story. Story bad, shooty mechanics good."
,Not Recommended,407810,35145463,Posted: 22 September,all,Raymondium,"Hard Reset Redux is one of the most painfully average games that I've ever played. Now mind you, that doesn't mean that it's a bad game, far from that, just that this game isn't memorable in the slightest. I bought this game about a year or so ago, and I completely forgot about this game, let alone that I had it, when I was looking through my steam library. Combat is fine but boring. At a certian point you can just spam the mortar and rockets and win. There are worse ways to spend your money, but there are also much better ways to as well."
,Recommended,407810,23363736,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,tizeY,"Hard Reset Redux ay...So i didn't play the Original Hard Reset longer than 2 hours simply since the engine felt outdated , the ai wasn't exactly smart ,the gameplay slow the combat not rewarding and the game simply too easy.. (also those loadtimes and the time it took to save/load sheesh...)However i enjoyed Shadow Warrior quite alot and must say that this Redux Version which is essentially Hard Reset with Shadow Warrior movement and Melee Combat is more fun than i anticipated.Now this game doesn't offer you a deep story that hooks and give's you the feels.You get a solid fps , with decent storytelling , good visuals , better atmosphere and great Combat.Now seeing as i finished my First playthrough on Hard in 5.2 hours with 8 deaths total i'll likely replay on insane since it was alot of fun and won't take much time...The Game isn't really long , and i wouldn't recommend anyone to pay 20€ for it , because 5 hours of gameplay simply doesn't make up for the price without % off.If you own Hard Reset or Shadow Warrior and enjoy either or both games i can recommend you picking this game up for the price of 3€ since it surely is worth that...The Game itself has improved visuals , improved ai , improved combat , more fluent gameplay overall and improved Performance at that.Flying Wild Hog did a good job with the Hardware Utilisation , one of two companys where i can expect an optimized game on launch and won't have issues that drag on for years.nothing to complain about in terms of Performance nor did i ran into any gamebreaking bugs.Overall Considering that this is not a remake but a revamped Game with a few new mechanics with nothing from scratch i'd still take this one over the Original Hard Reset(simply because of the improved AI , Get Over it ""HR VETS"").Keep it up Flying Wild Hog your Games don't disappoint and i hope Shadow Warrior 2 will run as good as this one does."
76561198000961754,Recommended,407810,24958148,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DOVahKiiN ツ,"Well as a main FPS player i can say that this game has big pros and cons. The main pro is that it offers you a huge amout of different kind of weaponds which u can improve, so at the end of the game u have a vast amout of different choices whenever you want to kill your enemies and that makes it really enjoyable, also when u finish the game there is a mode where u can cointinue it with all your improved weaponds called ""EX Mode"". I can tell you that the game isn't easy, even if you try to pass the game in ""normal mode"" you will die a plenty of times, that allways is good at least for me in fps games.As cons, the big cons is that if you ain't english u will hardly underestand the story cause is rather hard to follow it, for example i am from Spain and at the end i just passed the dialogs cause i found it really frustrating, and for me this is a shame, also the game is a bit linear just activating all the different mechanisms and killing everything it moves.Conclusion: You will have an enjoyable time but don't take it a super series of FPS, there are better titles of this genre out there. I haven't played the version without redux so i can't tell you which improves offers.Note: 6.5/10"
76561198001864481,Recommended,407810,33656949,Posted: 19 July,all,Rekhyt,"I am so incredibly torn by this game. It's a good game, but it could be so much better. The combat could use tuning (HUD doesn't remotely give accurate impression of spread, some enemies are annoying bullet sponges while some enemies are dynamic and fun to fight but go down fast and are sparse in waves of sponges and fodder). The story seems like it should be episode 3 or 4 in a series, with major plot points glossed over, and what could be a gripping storyline becomes a mess of frames with sparse lines and constant references to things that were never covered.But...This game is clearly a game made by people who fully understand and embrace what it takes to make a game play well. Once you understand how to play (that guns are so innaccurate because you're either supposed to be toe-to-toe or shooting large enviromental hazards to kill distant foes), combat is fast and fun, and the upgrades that you give your weapons feel meaningful. Levels look polished, and observant, explorative players are rewarded with an edge, yet less observant players aren't be punished.Mechanics and Gameplay Presentation - 9/10Story Depth and Plot Presentation - 4/10"
,Recommended,407810,24152375,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mogdrogen,Pros:Chain lightning weaponDashCons:Scary murderbots
,Recommended,407810,24477824,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BodyPolitic,"A different take on fps, than your typical modern military shooter.   The sci fi setting evokes images of Blade Runner  and surpisingly a bit of Megaman,   The world around is more than just a place setting, its filled with interactive objects that can be used to electricute or explode your foes. Plenty of destructable walls and secret hunting to keep you occupied when you aren't circle strafing baddies.A word on the ReduX edition. When it first dropped there was some controversy that is was as   not up to par with the original and was downgrade to make it work on current gen consoles (Ps4,Xb1) . I can't say one way or the other because  I finally took a look awhile after release had been out awhile so its possible they patched. All I can say is , to  me      it  looks   signif icantly cleaner. The world is less full of artifacts, the partical effects are nicer, and killing the bots yieldsnice destrucitons animations.  Also cool for the huge discount given to owners of the original.Overall would reccomend 8/10"
76561198061955363,Recommended,407810,23408544,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Null_Unit,Great straight-forward FPS.
,Recommended,407810,23941413,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,utterer,A decent old school wave based FPS.  You can play the game from start to finish and not care about the story at all.  Towards the end they sort of gave up on any cutscenes anyway.  Interesting weapon upgrade system based off of two initial weapons and then a future ninja blade type device a little later on in the game.  Some of the waves can get frustrating but there is a liberal save system in place and I didn't find any of the enemy challenges so frustrating that I wanted to smash my keyboard into the wall.Graphics are good and the game stays well above 200fps most of the time for me on my setup.  I never played the original Hard Reset so I can't complain about any graphical changes that a lot of people seem to talk about.
,Recommended,407810,29580711,Posted: 29 January,all,NighthawkBNE,"I never played this game when it was originally released so have no comment on the 'this version' vs 'that version' is better debate.What I can say, coming in cold, this is a great, retro shooter that's a lot of fun to play, easy to get a handle on and pretty satisfying.If you loved the classics like Duke Nukem, Serious Sam etc then this is a must."
,Not Recommended,407810,23407216,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Vic Vyper,"Ha Redux...more like Reduced! There is a clear decline in graphics quality overall as well as missing effects from the original version but Flying Wild Hog is insisting it's a ""bug"". Speaking of bug, I'm experiencing an issue where the menu texts and UIs are completely gone from the game when I used alt+tab and the problem persists even after restarting my PC. Given the state that the game is in I cannot recommend it even if it's only 3 bucks."
,Recommended,407810,23381941,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bear Necessities 🐻,"For veterans: They added a directional dash! Which you can spam constantly! You are SO FAST now! And you have a sword if you want to go full ninja mode. No longer are you plodding around the map like a tank, getting knocked over and bumping into knee-high robots until you die. This is the best addition.For newcomers: If you enjoyed Doom/Doom II, Painkiller or Serious Sam this is a pure, combat-oriented game in a similar style. Beautiful and moody neon-lit cyberpunk environments funnel you through linear levels, from one set-piece arena battle to the next. Modify your weapons to suit your style of play with branching upgrades in order to inject some variety into combat. Two of the game's shortcomings are it's difficulty and repetition. You'll be shooting a variety of robots non-stop, and little else. There's no puzzle-solving (outside of secret hunting) and no forced story exposition.Oh and secrets, secrets, secrets. You are plenty rewarded for investigating dead-ends, exploding hidden walls and hopping between balconies to get the most upgrade points possible."
76561198152924707,Recommended,407810,26392946,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,hotfuzz1208,"Fast pace of action game. A lot of tools for killing and accomplishing tasks. Good design, a perceivable future world and tons of secrets. Great game for fun and entertainment."
,Recommended,407810,23427684,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Godamn_Milkman,"Shoot, Fry, Explode, then Shoot some more.This is a damn fun Shootman, with some excellent high points.Energetic at times frantic. This shooter has you move.But if you have the orginal version it's just as good some would argue better."
76561197993759980,Recommended,407810,23389556,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mr Ugly,Awesome old-school game. Kudos to not charging full price to those that already own the non-redux version. Something other developers should take note of.
,Recommended,407810,23386765,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,thiz,"They say it doesnt look so well, I say at least it plays well now. Great game, I enjoy it, even 5 years after original release."
76561198016036298,Not Recommended,407810,23454626,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,william.govier,"What!So what does Redux mean?I know what it means, the same game only changes are nothing, as it has the same game play the same weapons and the same BUGS!So why buy this game!Even at the reduced price due to owning the original, Paid £2.25.But seriously there is no point.Feel sorry for those who have paid the full price.You are taking Steam customers for a ride!!!!!!"
,Recommended,407810,23888697,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bobby,"An updated version of the original solid FPS that attempts to mimic old school FPS games which it does... sorta, a really good buy to spend some hours in with decent gameplay, visuals and a so-so plot that isn't bad per say just not interesting.Notes:Fun gameplayStaple weaponary with alt firesVery well optimized (it was a originally released in 2011 but still more performance tweaks have been made)Can be abit repetitive but doesn't over stay its welcomeNew modes like survival have been addedVisual downgrade to the original version with lower texture quality, no AA options and ambient occlusion completely removedRebalance of enemy health and spawns in each level"
,Recommended,407810,28112538,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lord Sashev,"Big areas, gorgoes graphics and many,many enemies to kill. What more do you want ?The levels are big - you get the dlc levels also with the redux. Weapons are great and upgrading them even more.The story is there - but only that, but you won't be caring about the story with this addicting gameplay.One more thing - HEALTH PICK UPS AND SECRETS - i can't believe i am giving a thing like that so much joy.This game is a perfect itch scracher for your classic fps need.1.Health pick ups - check2.Big levels - check3.Many Secrets - check4.Lots of enemies - check5.Challenging - check"
,Recommended,407810,24647707,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"Hard Reset Redux is a remake that somehow is perfect for anyone who hated the original.Hard Reset should have been a sure fire success. Beautiful neon blue cyberpunktropolis world design, hordes of robots to blast, designed at a ""below-AAA"" level so it might just be fun...But it really wasn't. Tanky enemies, unsatisfying shooting, boring levels, a goofy upgrade system... it ran through the Painkiller/Serious Sam motions without the joy of those games.Then the devs went on to make the new Shadow Warrior, beautiful sakura pink Nihonland world design, hordes of demons to blast, below AAA level... Fun, right?Again, no. It added a cool sword and a great dodge but kept literally every problem from Hard Reset, only with less interesting weapons and even TANKIER enemies.So having made the same game twice, the devs go back and make the first one again. Only now, it's fun.To be honest, they only needed to do one thing to make the game fun: make the enemies less tanky. And they did. And it's a fun ride now. Also added, supposedly fancier graphics (The original was no slouch in the graphics department, and the changes, if any, are difficult to notice. I have not done side-by-side comparisons*.), SW's dodge move, a cyber katana, also from SW, and load times that don't make you want to kill yourself.And yet all these simple changes make HR Redux a far superior game, not quite Doom level, but certainly worth your time. Sure, it's easier, but HR was not hard in a clever way. It's easy to make a game harder than Doom. It's hard as nails to make a game as good as Doom.Also the story does an EXCELLENT job of convincing gamers why they should skip cutscenes in shooting games. Who the hell writes all this stupid, lifeless, pretentious crap that relates nothing to the gameplay?It's got a campaign of decent length, survival modes, and it comes with the original version if you wanted to try it as a period piece. Give it a shot.* EDIT: Commenter Decline has, reporting the following:""After playing the redux more and going back to the original I have to say that the lighting is far better [in the Redux], the AA is terrible (only fxaa) and the textures are nowhere near as sharp. If I could have the sharpness of the original with the lighting of the redux, I would be happy."""
,Recommended,407810,26553800,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dirk Dabbler,"Big Dumb CyberPunk Fun!Love playing this game, makes me feel like I am inside of the brain of a young and mischevious Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,407810,25700280,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,RED-FROG,"Legendary. I love it.10/10(Hard Reset Redux and Hard Reset is basically the same, just a tad better)"
,Recommended,407810,23391514,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Stalinbrad,"There's a lot of controversy over this version of the game, but I certainly prefer it to the original. The dash mechanic makes enemies a lot less frustrating to deal with, and there's a lot less attrition issues where you're just shooting the same thing over and over and pausing to run away, then turning back to shoot it and pausing and running and rinsing and repeating. I'd say that maybe they did make it a little easier than the original? But I dunno.Anyways, it's a fast-paced FPS with lots of fun fights and a bunch of weapon upgrades that you get to select for yourself. Sometimes, in the early game especially, this means you can uh, get the wrong weapons and find yourself a little worse for wear, but after the initial hump of the game, you get into your rhythm. The writing is cheesy and the story is hard to follow, but it feels like an accessory anyways, and it's still a rather explosive and satisfying experience. I'd suggest giving it a go if you like games like Doom and Quake and, of course, Shadow Warrior."
76561197963310104,Recommended,407810,23395532,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cowboy.Bebop,"I loved this game back when it came out the first time. The Redux is worth full price, and I want to thank Flying Wild Hog for giving me another go at a great game, for $3 bucks!Pros:- 21:9 support!!! Can't stress enough how much that makes me happy!- Great Atmosphere- Varied and different weapon types (2 base, then upgraded with many more)- Old school shooter with some new flare- Environment destruction is awesome- Graphics set to ultra won't punish your system, but still looks amazing!Cons:-Nope Nope and Nope!GO BUY IT!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,407810,23414151,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DrMotherfucker,"Preface: I ""recommend"" this game, but only because there's no in-between choice.The big additions in Hard Reset Redux from the initial 2011 release are readjusted enemy spawns and damage, infinite sprinting, quick dashes, and a katana.The new enemy spawns and stats are much easier than before. Enemies as a whole hit softer and have less health, and many of the encounters have less going on (though there are a lot more flying enemies). ""Insane"" mode in Redux (the hardest difficulty before the beat-it-in-one-go Heroic mode) is probably the same difficulty as Hard in the original, or maybe even easier than that if you're judicious with the sprinting and dashes.Much of the difficulty in the original game was through how limited the player's movement is, making it easy to get boxed in by swarms of enemies or constantly pegged by projectiles. It was a more methodical shooter than many gave it credit for, and it rewarded planning over raw reflexes. Redux's infinite sprint and new dashes a la Shadow Warrior makes that almost completely moot. It's now possible to dash circles around enemies and dodge just about everything, making combat feel much faster and reflexive (especially with the katana), but also undeniably easier.The katana is introduced about three or four levels in, and it's pretty much a simplified version of Shadow Warrior's - left click to swing, right click to hold for a harder swing. Redux's dismemberment system is less visceral than SW's, and the fact that the sword is so basic and has no upgrades like the guns means that there's no need to ever use it, so it's really just a novelty. I enjoyed softening up crowds of enemies and then jumping in to slice them to pieces, but it's still probably more efficient to just gun them down. There's a new ""zombie"" enemy essentially designed for the sword, but they're extremely weak and barely even attempt to attack, which is perhaps telling of the sword's usefulness otherwise.Someone described Redux as ""Hard Reset with a Shadow Warrior mod,"" and that's a pretty good summary. I would probably recommend Redux only to people who really liked Shadow Warrior or couldn't get into the original Hard Reset. I enjoyed it a lot, but I also loved SW and considered HR to be just good. If you are someone who sincerely thinks HR was a great game, Redux will probably be a letdown.If this would be your first go-around with Hard Reset, however, I'd recommend you give the original version a shot first. If you end up getting too frustrated with it, then give Redux a go - it might be right up your alley. On the other hand, if the original HR clicks with you, then only look at Redux if you're interested to see what a faster, easier version feels like.(A side note: After beating Redux, I went back to the original and played it on ""Insane"", and l ended up enjoying it much more than I did before, and maybe even more than Redux itself. Of course, that's just me.)"
,Recommended,407810,23390098,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,slimak[PL],its worth it. totally.
,Not Recommended,407810,23378702,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Harley,"War of the machines.First person shooters are starting to come back en vogue. With the recent successful reboot of Doom and Blizzard stepping into the arena with Overwatch, the genre is seeing some of its best action in years. Hard Reset was a game that came and went without a lot of people noticing, but it is also the game that put developer Flying Wild Hog on the map, and eventually led them to create the excellent Shadow Warrior reboot. Now the game is getting a second chance on consoles with Redux bringing a new visual coat of paint, rebalanced action, and even some new enemies and weapons.Hard Reset is a student of the old-school design of shooters. The action is fast, there is no reload button, and the best strategy is going to be circle-strafing. This is also a campaign-only shooter, and a short one at that. There are leader boards and a new game plus option, but once the brief campaign is over, I felt little reason to go back for more.MSRP: $19.99Platforms: XB1, PS4, PCPrice I’d Pay: $14.99. I got the game for 85% off so I paid $3.00.There are only two weapons in the game, each with a dedicated button for switching between. Instead of offering an arsenal Hard Reset instead gives players attachments to their weapons, essentially making them new weapons. This is a neat idea in concept, but in execution it becomes cumbersome fiddling with the weapon wheel to switch between the shotgun and machine gun attachment when dealing with enemies. I ended up finding one that worked for most occasions, and stuck with it.The enemy variety is also slim. The Redux version does add some new types, but a large bulk of the game is spent mowing down the same collection of robotic foes. Their AI is also simple, spending the majority of their time simply bum-rushing players, which is of course standard for shooters of this type, but also feels dated. The strategy to take them down never changes, so I guess it is good the campaign is brief, as the repetition sets in quickly.The shooting feels good, but the lackluster enemy design doesn’t do it any favors. Also for a console shooter I recommend turning off aim assist. It really got in my way more than it helped. The biggest issue I had with the actual game play is that it was rarely satisfying to take down an enemy. Bullets don’t have a good impact when they hit, and none of the guns or attachments feel fun to shoot. The game quickly devolves into a shooting gallery in the most mundane way.The story of Hard Reset is told during loading screens with comic book panels dubbed over. Nothing about the story is memorable; the characters are boring, and even the game recognizes players would rather be shooting. When loading is complete, a large swath of text blankets the screen suggesting the proper action: skipping the cut scene.At least the world itself is pretty to look at. It is a futuristic, neon-lit environment where it always seems to be dark and raining. Visually the game looks great and runs at a solid frame rate on consoles. It is a pretty game, which is easily one of its most impressive features.I wanted to love Hard Reset Redux, especially after coming off Doom, which had scratched that 90s FPS itch I have almost annually. There just isn’t enough here to satisfy. Gunplay feels weak, enemies are boring to kill, and the world wears out its welcome quickly. Nothing about this game is overly offensive to the senses, but it just never stands out from the pack either.Great looking gameAction is fast-pacedBadCumbersome weapon systemBland enemy design6.5DecentIn the long run paying $20.00 for a redux version of a game that came out years ago is a bit much. I got the game for $3.00 cause I had Flying Hog's reboot of Shadow Warrior. even now with it on sale for $17.99 is still a bit much.  I don't recommend it at full price."
,Recommended,407810,25076610,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Bropalm,"After having been patched, Hard Reset Redux looks as good or even better than the original game, but most importantly it runs at higher FPS and it plays better! I was skeptical at first to the addition of a dash move and laser sword. Well, the sword is pretty much useless since you already have two awesome guns by the time you get it. They added some cannon fodder zombie enemies to the game, useful if you want to try the sword, but they don't appear that often. The dash move however, is great. The original game had pretty sluggish player movement and a lot of situations where it was hard to dodge charging enemies or projectiles, but now with the dash move this is much easier and it feels more fun to be so mobile. It works the same as in Shadow Warrior, if you've played that. Thanks to the dash move the game is much easier than the original, but there's always Insane or Heroic mode if you feel it's not challenging enough.If you haven't play the game before, get this version. If own the original and wouldn't mind replaying what is largely the same game, get this version, it's worth it with the 85% off discount!"
76561197970698804,Recommended,407810,26588761,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Starfury359,"Well I have played a couple of hours of this game and it's great. Looks great - plays really well and presented very professionally. Gameplay is fun, routine of course but very fun and the way you can use the senry to cause exploions and electricity bolts to help you is awesome. The world is nice and taken straight out of Blade Runner so top marks there! I picked this up in a weekend deal for silly money and even at twice the price it would be good value. Story wise, well I personally have no idea what is going on after a couple of hours but you know what - it matters not.For a few quid you have a solid and frantic (at times) shooter that hits the spot. Fun, fast and good looking. Not exactly an intellectual challenge (so far at least) but that's not what this game is about. Buy it expecting this and you won't be dissapointed. Really great game."
,Recommended,407810,26573315,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Nubby Ninja,"Lots of fast paced action. Not much story or background, but still very fun. If you like an intense fast-paced FPS, this is for you.Great variety of weapons, but the variety of enemies is a bit lacking. The AI could use a little work too for some of the critters, but it's still challenging."
,Recommended,407810,26880727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,★raz!™,"Extremely atmospheric masterpiece which takes place in a time where the machines claim our world over humanity. First it looked like a standard shooter, but later i learned to handle the very useful 10 in 2 weapon system and weapon upgrades which call you up to collect all those secret nano's which are spread around in the dark and lonely streets of Bezoar and Barrens. If you play this game on higher difficulties you'll notice the tactical elements while fighting an overwhelming amount of machines with your crowd controlling weapon upgrades and exploding surrounding objects. This game really has some kind of ""terminator"" flair, and even a little bit of old 80s sci-fi in it, but with a cool modern look. Try heroic mode if you dare.Highly recommended!"
76561198148097574,Recommended,407810,28003906,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MadMann,"A very simple yet really good FPS. The story might be a bit lacking and confusing at times, but the gameplay is really good. I liked the fast paced action, the ability to dash and the fact that you can upgrade your weapons. In many ways, this game makes me think of Bioshock: Both games are linear (sometimes forcing you to return where you have already been) and  have a very strong atmosphere. In the case of Hard Reset, the atmosphere is that of Blade Runner (constant rain, dystopian future).This game is obviously not perfect: For instance, I happened to die a few times because I got stuck somewhere and could not move. I also think the trauma pack (the system that triggers when you are low on health) is beyond useless since it actually makes fighting *harder*. But overall, I really enjoyed playing this game."
,Recommended,407810,23493390,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Glodar,"Amazing game, very fun, it runs super smooth even on my♥♥♥♥♥♥pc.I got it for 85% discount and plus I got orginal Hard Reset, this is one of best deals.So try to get it with discount, and it will be 100% worth it."
76561198072680595,Recommended,407810,25087031,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,benvlieg,"Hard Reset Redux review:Played the original Hard Reset. It was fun but I got a lot of fps drops and after a long time playing I got motion sickness.Hard Reset Redux doesn't have any fps drops and I didn't get motion sickness. The dash move is an excellent addition. In the original the player took a lot of damage from attacks that couldn't be dodged. Now every attack is dodgeable. If you enjoyed the original Hard Reset I would recommend this. At 85% discount it's definitely worth it.Original Hard Reset Review:Hard Reset is a FPS game set in a cyberpunk world. The story is pathetic and I skipped the cut scenes. Thats ok, because this is a great (Mostly old school) FPS. The movement is fast and the enemies agressive. Unfortuneatly the dev's stumbled a bit in that department. The fell for the old trap of thinking more enemies = old school. The enemies also have a lot of unavoidable attacks. The level design is average, but it has a few cool moments and lots of secrets. The biggest problem I have with the original is that there are random fps drop for no reason. Changing the graphics didn't help. Another problem is that this game gave me motion sickness. It is the second game that I have encountered in my life that gave me motion sicknes. All my issues with the original game (except story) was fixed in the Redux edetion."
,Recommended,407810,35136548,Posted: 22 September,all,Shtaks,It has a lot of good. it has some bad.Bottom line - if you like old school FPS and cyberpunk - you will LOVE this.Pros:- Visuals are awesome.- Pace is fast and entertaining.- Atmosphere sinks in pretty awesomeCons:- Very simplistic and linear- Lacks some pretty obvvious moving patterns.- Somewhat repetitive - progress from one wave to the next.  kill them to proceed and repeat.Overall - simplistic bu very fun. I guess it's a taster's choise. But it's deffinitely a good game.
,Not Recommended,407810,26747886,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Hupsel,"Short campaing, uninspired and weightless weapons, lame upgrades and a very linear campaign. If you want an old school FPS with a modern feel to it stick with Doom. Hard Reset is mediocre at best."
,Recommended,407810,26633693,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Machete,Old school fast-paced fun FPS game!I strongly recommend if you like a gold age FPS.
,Recommended,407810,30014309,Posted: 18 February,all,Jack,"The cut-scene dialogue is practically incomprehensible, but who cares about the story? Blasting robots is tons of fun."
,Recommended,407810,25417025,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,RT-XD,"First of all - I haven't played the original Hard Reset. So this was more worth gettingSecond - I paid something like £1 for this game (probably less), and completed it within 7.7 hours. I'm happy! :DStory is nothing to be excited about. Gameplay is great though. My recommendation: get this game on a sale at 90+ percent off like I did."
76561198037639438,Recommended,407810,23498500,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Spaz,"I really got frustrated with the original hard reset. On easy it was just a face roll but on normal difficulty the enemies were just bullet sponges.i gave up after a few hours.With the addition of the dash, run and rebalance with the Difficulty I'm actually enjoying this game.If you played the original then pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,407810,23908485,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tr3b0r,"if you liked the original Hard Reset, this is a no brainer, although it's kinda buggy at he moment.Shinier, better gameplay, and overall more refined.  Recommended for fans."
76561197994852092,Recommended,407810,23392811,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Fofão,"For those who like straight-forward fast-paced shooters, with a great upgrade system and a cyberpunk setting."
76561198014820081,Recommended,407810,23392600,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bimpy,fantastic game fixed pretty much all the problems i had with the original hard reset the difficulty now is far more balanced (although the story is still badly told) and keeping everything i enjoyed they even added a dash move which is a god send and added a cyber katana it works much like how the katana worked in the shadow warrior remake so if you liked hard reset give this redux a try its only 3$ if you own the original and if you wanted to try hard reset out this is the version  to get
,Recommended,407810,24497777,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Threskiornis moluccus,cutting edge story board cutsceneslike shadow warrior but plays beter imho
,Recommended,407810,23617829,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Gosumania,"Compared to Serious Sam for me it's a lot deeper. The weapons are pretty diverse, and the game puts you in plenty of unique situations where you really need to think about your tactics and what weaponry to use, and that a furious pace. The graphics are wonderful, especially the weapon effects and the results on your enemies.• Little indie gem with visuals of AAA titles• Great cyberpunk atmosphere.• Wonderfully built locations.• Incredible weapons upgrade system.• Fast gunplay with a bit of tactics.• Relentless and fun-to-kill enemies.• Reasonable price/value ratio.Fun 8/10"
,Recommended,407810,23536170,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Cthulhu's Gribbly Monocle,"Score: 5 / 10Price/Value: $5 +-Time: 8 hoursComing into Hard Reset Redux rather late I couldn't help but compare this to a similar title Flying Hog put out after - Shadow Warrior. Both titles have similar weapon sets, bullet sponging enemies and overall movement or flow.In Hard Reset you play as Major Fletcher. Super cyborg AI assimilation man on a quest to kick all the robot♥♥♥♥♥he possibly can. The story is rather weak overall but the gameplay is mindless shooty-shooty fun. Starting out on Insane difficulty I found this to be incredibly easy. There will be about three or four weapons you will use throughout the game once you unlock them with NANO upgrades. Secondary function on these weapons is focused around pinning enemies in one spot for area-of-effect or rocket attacks.If you can pick this up for five bucks or less it's not a bad little time waster."
76561198106327216,Recommended,407810,23513448,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,SuperMeatIsaac,"This game is your classic run and gun shooter. It's fun all the way through. The game is split up into 12 30+ minute levels. The gunplay is amazing, and so are the upgrades to the guns. The game always ran smoothly on high quality on my GTX 750 rig. If you've played the original, I don't really see a need to pick this up. If you haven't, this is a must play. You move fast, you shoot fast, and the enemies move fast. Your blood will always be pumping when playing this game. I don't know what else to say except go play this game right now. You won't regret it."
76561197971318812,Recommended,407810,28091766,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ZeroGravitas,"Robots have attacked your Blade Runner dystopian city, go explode all the robots, the end. A nice relaxing FPS campaign with story on rails, to escape for 10 hours, when strolling through once on normal. Perfect for those who grew up on the likes of Quake.Redux version looks and moves pretty good, considering it was originally released in 2011, the first title from this small Polish developer. There's a substantial quantity of map areas to progress though, all playing out reassuringly as you'd expect, with ambush after ambush, never having too long to get bored or lost. Models can be a little angular, of course, and there's plenty of invisible walls, with low barriers totally unjumpable in general (the way things always used to be, heh).But the double tap dash makes strafing feel nippy and fun, as you play bull fighter with charging metal Gorilla thingies. While the boss battles are nice and big and obvious for the most part. Although, saying this, I totally failed to figure out what I was supposed to do for the first phase of the giant statue fight, having to YouTube it. Also, the final battle had some trouble too, with *too many* handy EMP barrels accumulating, going off and borking proceedings. While I'm griping: there were a few places where I got unfairly insta-jibbed - a set piece Gorilla charging down a corridor kept clipping me, and a lift did me in towards the end  when trying to get a currency pick-up, right after a big fight (I had to redo a couple times).There are effectively 11 different weapons, separated as 5 different modes between 2 gun platforms. Plus a sword that might be Darth Vader's windscreen wiper (pretty cool and effective). The CLN and NRG guns that you start off with only have one mode each initially, with another 4 on each being unlocked and upgraded entirely at the discretion of how you choose to spend your accumulated credits (which you pick up from hiding spots and are spontaneously awarded for killing stuff too). The weakest point of the action was trying to remember, in the heat of battle, how to dial up the particular weapon mode I wanted. After the 'cyber-katana' had been aquaired, using 'Q' to toggle weapons has a third (disruptive) stop, so then it has to be F1-F3 keys to directly pick weapon, and a number key 1-5  for the specific mode (mouse wheel being too slow for that). Selection was a skill I eventually started to get the hang of, with time and familiarity.There was decent variety between the weapon modes. CLN (traditional weapons): machine gun, shot gun, grenade launcher, (guided) rockets, mines. NRG (electrical stuff): 'plasma' rapid fire, 'blaster' short range AOE lightening (looks cool), 'mortar' AOE grenade, 'rail gun' and finally 'smart gun' are kind of weird, in that they let you shoot straight through any scenery, and also see enemy skeletons through any scenery... (Although this doesn't always let you hide from their fire entirely.) The options let you play in the style you prefer, but also string together a few combinations: e.g. stunning a big enemy with your shotgun's secondary fire (upgrade), so that it'll sit there and take a rocket straight to it's face (where-as some of them will actually dodge these deftly, at times). Or gravity genade a bunch of grunts together to be blown up by a regular greande, or whatever...Hard Reset seems to try telling some kind of story via it's animated comic strips that are slotted in between sections (so every ~30-50 minutes of play). But this mostly consists of our protagonist dropping the ""F***!"" bomb relentlessly, which is apparently the main source of humour (aside from the pushy, talking sales terminals, heh). There's always someone popping up an occasional spoken exchange via the HUD during play too, so you never feel totally alone. There are various sci-fi notions and phrases flopped out, but it's never really of any major consequence and often fails to relate to what you're actually doing in a meaningful way. Which is generally: go push this button to open this, killing the stuff on the way there and back, etc. Although, right at the start, it does feel briefly atmospheric, like you're being attacked by makeshift little kill-bots, improvised from power tools by this invading AI, or whatever.Anyway, no need to worry too much about anything, just dodge and shoot all the baddies! Then there's plenty of scope to ratchet up the difficulty, if a challenge is your thing, and a ludicrous number of achievements too (140 odd). Enjoy!"
,Recommended,407810,26593650,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Havora,I dont understand this game but I like it
,Recommended,407810,23401437,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Doom3 pa1ner,"Fast first person shooter. I've played previous Hard Reset. I have 87% of achivements and 30 hours in game so I have some experience with this game. First at all I will show new things in this edition- Energetic sword (katana);- Dash system - game is much more faster with it;- Better jumps (animation);- Amazing optimization (144 fps in ultra 1080p on gtx 970);- Cutscenes with some story;- Better balance and easier fights (in first one that was problem. Here you can avoid many bad words and broken keyboards lol).After the fresh things I give you some info about this game:- Arena shooters for fans of painkiller, quake, shadow warrior. serious sam or duke nukem. Destroying in this game has tons of fun. Everywhere explisons;- Many secrets;- Nice graphics;- Upgrade system (it makes really changes in fight mechanics);- Many achivements and modes;- Rain and cyberpunk absolute love it!! <3My note is 9+/10"
,Recommended,407810,23386599,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,RecordBreaker301,"If you dash too fast down stairs, you explode into blood and die10/10"
,Recommended,407810,23410824,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,RetroBlast,"One of the best ""all-in"" action FPS games, now improved and updated. One man vs. an army of angry robots. Luckily you're armed with two of the most versatile weapons ever created (and now a sword as well!) If you're a fan of physics-based destruction, nothing creates more chaos than Hard Reset. Looks fantastic, works great on even lower-rated hardware, and revives the ""no-cover"" FPS fighting style made popular with games like DOOM and Serious Sam. Waves of enemies, lots of explosions, and some of the best fun you can have. Highly recommended, especially the new Redux version, which integrates the DLC, moves the game to a new engine, adds a new weapon, enemy, ""dash"" move, and more."
,Not Recommended,407810,23472712,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,deadadam666,Graphics have been gimped from the original ... everything seems blurry ... see youtube for comparison videos.Common issue where it stops drawing text menus and aim reticle.Does not import saves from original (if you own it) .Dont waste your time buy the original it was far better
76561197970153763,Recommended,407810,23365973,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,unkind,"Runs at about 250-500 fps, a MASSIVE upgrade over the first game. Looks/feels great, new enemy locations and spawns are awesome. Just like the huge shadow warrior update they made this game even better! <3 Flying Wild Hog!"
,Not Recommended,407810,23399967,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cyrus40K,"I won't recommend this to common players.The cyberpunk settings in this game feels very empty, while System Shock 2 provides more ""living"" feeling of a futurestic cyberpunk world. The city is so dead which makes you feel nobody lives in it.Shooting feed back is not very good in my personal opinion, although there are many mods for different weapons.Physics in game world is a little strange, movement is strictly restricted. I may like to have a fast paced skill required fun-oriented movement style like quake or ut.Sound and music are not impressive. In fact i think the sound is a little messy and the music makes no difference to atomesphere.Graphics are good but reduced than the original.As far as i played so far, 4 or 5 levels maybe, i don't think there is a story. No story is ok for me. But if you watched the trailer, it may mislead you. The character you control does nothing more than some injury shouting. It's ok for me, but it makes this cyberpunk world / single player campaign very empty.Considering it's price, you may have a try when get a discount. If you are a cyberpunk fan, you may want to get it cause in my memory there is no other very outstanding cyberpunk first person shooter in recent years.My test system is i7-2600K with GTX Titan X, everything maxed @1920x1080 and framrates in seconds are usually in between 200-300, much higher than the original."
,Recommended,407810,26621398,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"Having completed the original version so many times, I was interested to see what the Redux version had to offer.Graphically, I couldn't really see any difference - it was just as nice as the original.  Although you do get the extra missions in this one, there are no new ones, which is a shame.Not too sure about it being easier than the original - still died a lot in the usual places.The ability to continually run is a nice improvement, as is the animation when you jump from a height.The sword is okay - it is only really useful against lightly armoured foes, and so you wont really use it that much.  There is no feedback when you hit anything either.If you have the original, then it might be worth getting, especially as it is very cheap.  If you haven't played it before, then it is worth getting (especially in a sale)."
,Recommended,407810,23432401,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,December Man,"The game has been rebalanced significantly making it a lot easier that the original. In fact, Hard difficulty is easier than Normal in the OG Hard Reset. However, HR was hard for all the wrong reasons:- bullet spongy enemies? - check- enemies dealing unreasonable amounts of damage? - check- having only a sprint function limited by stamina which was woefully inadequate in dealing with mentioned enemies? - checkTo put it in perspective; imagine DooM (2016) having player movement at around half speed, no double jump, enemies having twice the HP and dealing twice as much damage. Challenging as hell? Yes. Fun? Not really.In Redux all of this has been remedied:- bullet spongy enemies? - a thing of the past- amounts of damage? - toned down- sprint function limited by stamina? - you now have infinite stamina and a dodge move from Shadow Warrior (2013)While it is more accessible, it's also lots more fun! No longer do you feel ill equipped in dealing with your foes. Gone are moments of having to awkwardly attempt (and fail) to dodge enemies charging at you. No longer are you forced to spam crowd control abilities just to have a chance at winning a fight (though they are still very effective). No longer is your character infinitely less mobile than in the cutscenes.In my mind there is no reason to take the OG HR over Redux, unless you enjoy the artificial difficulty."
76561198040295426,Recommended,407810,23434488,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,diegzumillo,"Quick disclaimer: I did not play the original, this is my first contact with HR. So I don't know how it compares with the original, whether this is better or worse.Pretty good shooter! Fast action and good challenge. Level design is good; levels are linear and very creative, making you revisit parts of the same level to do different things and throwing different enemies to force you to use the space differently. It may not sound like much but you see the same room in quite different perspectives when fighting against short, fast land bots when compared to flying, slow bots that force you to study the room vertically. There is plenty of environment hazards and you are encouraged to use them, and it's pretty fun to do so.I'm not a huge fan of the weapon system though. It works like this: you have two main weapons (3, counting the added sword in this version, but I'll get to that later) a plasma type and normal fire weapon. Each type has subtypes like machine gun, grenade etc. You change the type with q and the subtype with numbers or mouse wheel. Honestly I just don't see the advantage. Some of these seem redundant, with their differences maybe being invisible stats, but are applied in the same way. But in the heat of battle it's very inefficient to switch between weapons. Sometimes I press 4 quickly to use the RPG, but I'm on plasma so I have to press Q to move to fire weapon, which in this version means it will go to the sword before, then I have to press Q again, now I can press 4 to get the rpg. In this case I believe less would be more. And the sword isn't helping much here. I mean, it is a decent melee weapon! I loved using it against the human tests (zombie like enemies) but the added type further emphasizes the awkwardness of the system.And last, the game tries to tell a story. I assume it does, at least, because it has cutscenes between levels. With dialogue. It's mostly cringy writing with an abuse of stuff like ""what a..."" ""what in the name..."" fuuuuck"" ""what the fuuuuck"" ""seriously, what the fuuuck"" ""♥♥♥♥!"". While the plot itself is interesting, it's also hard to follow. I'm not sure what happened at the—rather abrupt—end, and a few moments don't seem to make a world of sense to me. The whole thing adds nothing significant to the game. One could think that adding nothing means no harm done but that's not entirely true (the argument doesn't belong in this review though). Point is, if all they wanted was some context they could do that with a lot less cut scenes and dialogues. It would do the same work with less cringe and plot holes.Pretty fun game nonetheless.EDIT: Oh, and for $3 on sale? this is quite possibly one of the highest quality/price ratio ever. I would recommend this game even at full price, with that discount it is absolutely worth it!"
76561197993543596,Recommended,407810,23442582,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Grayperview,"Good game, never played the original though so i can't compare...I picked this up for £2.25 as i already had shadow warrior.Graphics are nice, great art design....the shooting is satisfying, definitely worth a buy."
76561198071874156,Recommended,407810,23463812,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ofcorse76,"This game reminds me of when I first started playing first person shooters.  Back when I was playing Wolfenstein and the first two Doom games I would have never imagined such beautiful graphics.  When you first start the game and look around, you'll immediately appreciate the surroundings and attention to detail.Hard Reset Redux plays like a dream.  The only problem I experienced was some screen tearing.  I turned on Vsync and the problem went away.There is a sort of skill tree that you can upgrade your weapons and things like shields and sensors.  The weapons are very well designed and nothing seems overpowered.  Each weapon has its own particular use.  You can use regular ballistic weapons and energy weapons.It says I've only played for 3.6 hours but I've played for more like 15 hours.  I've beaten the game the first time through and now I'm working on going through again on a harder level.  Overall this is a great game considering its cost and how beautiful they made the Redux version."
,Recommended,407810,23517199,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Killer7,This game is AWESOME!!! :D
,Recommended,407810,23590211,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,PatsDark,"This is actually a very good shooter game. I am enjoying it a lot. Made by the shadow warrior crew, and it shows. I will absolutely look forward to these guys next title ."
,Recommended,407810,24188734,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Fabiolus,"WOW! WOW !!!! 3$ for both titles?!?! A very good fps game, fast action. Doom clone in my opinion."
,Recommended,407810,23450465,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,./dopamiиe,10/10 would hard reset again.
,Not Recommended,407810,23394998,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Fox Fav,"I'd say the game is so-so overall. I disliked the original when it came out but I loved Shadow Warrior, so I decided to give this a chance.For me the game plays much better than the original. I love the new dash mechanic (when my head doesn't bounce off the ceiling causing a fall damaged death, it's not well implemented) and the enemy encounters feel more balanced and less frustrating. More flying enemies makes fights more interesting. I definately recommend cranking the difficulty as Normal makes the enemies dish out little damage. Though considering the frustrating level design in the late game, I was perfectly fine playing on Normal difficulty.As far as the graphics go, whether they look better or not is subjective. My issue with the original was that the effects and bloom and what-not obstructed my view and made enemies hard to see. I do not have this problem with the Redux, so they are improved as far as I'm concerned.Unfortunately many of my issues with the original are present, as well as issues I had with Shadow Warrior. The weapons lack punch and aren't exciting to use, but that's not my biggest issue with the weapons. So many weapons are redundant. For example the Blaster has better range and spread over the shotgun, and seems to do more damage up close. I feel like the NRG and bullet gun could have been combined and overlapping weapons could have been cut. As far as the sword goes, it's fun in a silly way, but after the second half of the game the enemies deal too much melee damage for it to be effective. Oddly enough the bulkier enemies can be shredded with the sword if you time your dashes, but only if you have a lot of room to move.In the last game I found the levels lacking. They can be hit or miss. For the most part I find them too flat with less height variation than Doom, just like in Shadow Warrior. Unlike Shadow Warrior, I found the levels way to samey and I was occasionally lost dispite the smaller and more linear levels. Many levels have sections and rooms that repeat. There's few markers to indicate progress and variation. Even dead bodies blend in with the junk. Level flow isn't great either. The open arena like sections can be interesting with all the envirormental hazards, especially with the enemies more fragile this time around. It's just ashame that the weapons couldn't be more exciting.It's old school, but the game is more than generous with health and ammo packs. So no starvation AND no health regen is a huge relief. There's a regenating shield a la Halo, but whatever. I would have liked more old school features like automap, but I only got lost a few times.I changed my review to Not Recommended because the third act is just awful in level design. I found myself constantly in claustrophobic stretches where I might get pinned against a well. It's frustratating and not well laid out. Everything up to the first boss battle is great, but man did it tank after that. This is kind of typical of shooter games as the end game content is usually the least polished.The new version also has some signs of consolitis. Whenever the slo-mo upgrade is activated, my mouse speed doubles. Coupled with the adrenaline of having low health, I can't aim worth at damn when I need precision the most. The zoom function also changes sensitivity. This is a massive oversight and signs of an outsourced port. Hopefully this gets corrected.I'm still slugging my way through the game to beat it. It's not very good, but as I said in my previous review most games are worse. If you play every shooter out there, then give this a go. If you're selective, don't bother."
,Recommended,407810,23386282,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mans1ay3r,"Can't really tell the difference......many people are however saying it's a 'downgrade' take that as you will, personally I only bought the game again since it had an 80% discount since I owned the original."
,Recommended,407810,23473853,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,"ezixen, last of my name :)",Nice FPS :)
,Recommended,407810,23381662,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Wusel,"On the one hand, I don't recomment the Redux version of this game because I think the original is simply better, on the other hand though, five years are not gonna change the fact that Hard Reset is a very niche game. Getting the original is really only worth it, if you're into very, very tough games. It's one of the most challenging FPS of recent years, while still being fair and very well balanced (except for a few parts of the DLC), in my opinion.Hard Reset Redux, however, kind of breaks this core aspect of the game, by adding quick save (at all times!), Shadow Warrior's movement mechanics and lowering the overall difficulty of the game. While this might open up the game for a broader audience, it does so at the expense of what makes the original Hard Reset really special.That being said, Hard Reset Redux still offers very fun and explosive (literally) gameplay and with the more dynamic movement mechanics it's highly enjoyable in its own way. Bottom line, if you're just looking for a really cool singleplayer FPS, get this Redux version; if you want a super tough challenge, buy the original instead. And, of course, play them on at least Hard (I strongly recommend Insane, though), to get the most out of 'em."
,Recommended,407810,23482648,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Malek T,"An Awesome Game To Spend Time On !Get Your Mlg Skills Ready Cause It Is Time To Rek Some Robots !This Update Kinda Thing Is Better Performed Than The Previous Game Development(Graphics,Performance,FPS,Shadows And More...)"
76561198032121175,Recommended,407810,23521351,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Id0ntkn0w?!,THE GAME LOOK BEAUTIFUL..LOVE THE FUTARISTIC SETTINGThere are some problems tho...1)  I have no idea what this game is about or whats going on becuase the cutscenes constantly freeze during missions2) Theres no crouching or is that just me3) Why is there only two weapons????!  I want different weapons not the same weapon just changing barrels to rifle or   shotgun what ever it is...you will know what i mean IF YOU HAVE ALREADY PLAYED THE GAME4) the game likes to say program has stopped working properly when exiting it from the main menu i hope thats not a sign of bugs but probably isIm running windows 10 by the way
76561197970514785,Recommended,407810,23396271,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,siv,"Great reboot of this game, the orinal I found too hard and never finished.7 hour play through maybe less. I like the engin sort of has a deadspace feel about it to me."
,Recommended,407810,28518849,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,PAW.Predator,Classic Cyberpunk first person shooter with good story enough to keep you playing+ Good amount of enemy types+ Great weapons Specially the sword+ Good story telling+ Good AtmosphereCons- could have used better missions guidence system- no character depth- Could at least had cinematic endingOverall its good shooter worth playing6.7/10
76561198123568769,Recommended,407810,23632511,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,rizalwibiksana02,Awesome! Antialiasing disabled.
,Recommended,407810,23369843,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Stu,"I played the 1st version of this game and put so many hours into it that I am ashamed to state (this is just incasethe wife gets to see this review) but lets just say I played it several times though on every difficulty and have the DLC that was available.I got up this morning and after a while powered on my PC to see an advertisement for the redux version of this game,  About a minute later my purchase was complete!To be honest I think this should be the benchmark for all other FPS games, it runs so smooth that I think a bar of galaxy chocolate was used in the coding of the game, all other FPS games should use this as a standard and this inclused COD and Battlefield games as I also own a PS4, an xBox1 and over 1200 games on steam.  These developers should win awards for the amount of effort that went into the initial game and the Redux version.  I know I have only played a small amount iamount of the game but after playing so much of the 1st version then this I know the difference and how much better this is after the 1st 30 minutes of the game.If you are wondering I purchased both versions of the game and had no free version or will ever ask for free versions of games.  I will always give my true opinion of what I think of a game and in this case I think every FPS fan should buy this game to see what a true independentcompany can do as aposed to a company like EA that releases the same game year after year."
,Recommended,407810,34869017,Posted: 10 September,all,AomiN,"good game, graphics are great and fast combat is a lot of fun. story sucks though, plot like in cheap action sci-fi movie with badly drawn illustrations"
76561198192253167,Recommended,407810,35174834,Posted: 24 September,all,عاش الرب,"Nice game, good game play but i refunded it because i don't like the play style. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,407810,23402311,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,💀DaManWitaGun🔫,"The word ""Redux"" means to bring back or revive. Not to upgrade or make better. I agree that it should look closer to the original but this is what it is. We (including myself) have to have a better understanding of what we're looking at or for. With this new generation of games we hear redux and automatically think upgrade of every aspect. Sorry that's not the case.My mind state now is, if developers ""redux"" a game it doesn't mean the game WON'T have new features and updated graphics. It doesn't mean the game WILL have new features and updated graphics. It just means, to be brought back. Now that that's out of the way I'll say it's basically the same game from 2011 with a dodge mechanic, sword, and better performance. I liked it then when I had a super potato then and I like it now on my little beast.I can run redux 4k ultra over 100 fps no prob but the original about 45-50 fps on those settings. To be honest, I really don't care. I got them both for the price of a fast food dollar menu meal. It's still a great game, console players get to enjoy it now. What's not to love. The game has been out since 2011 so I'm not going to draw this one out. Same excellent sci-fi shooter from 5yrs ago that's still worth a try."
,Recommended,407810,23428422,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"Such an excellent classic game deserves a redux version and it is now better than ever. It's optimized much better so there isn't slowdown during heavy effects, there is a new zombie enemy, you can save anywhere, and load times are greatly reduced. As far as the graphical improvements I can't tell any difference but it doesn't matter since it was already one of the best looking games around, even by today's standards.Great version of a awesome game, one of the most unique fps games there is, although not phenominal by any means.7.5/10"
76561198024945886,Not Recommended,407810,23491631,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,degumuto_berseg,"if you like playing downgraded game,its best for you.this is the only game in my library reviwed negatively."
76561198028678769,Recommended,407810,23367051,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Kyle,"Yeah, it's Hard Reset alright. Visuals look a bit smoother but for me, I didn't notice a huge graphical upgrade. It's always had a cool, Blade Runner inspired look to it and it's preserved in this ""redux"". This honestly could've just been an update as others have been saying, but you get a large discount if you have the regular game, so I think it's worth it just as an excuse to play this awesome game again."
,Recommended,407810,23374916,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,elasticdemand,"I'm sure enough has already been written about the graphical downgrades the game has recieved, here's hoping these get worked out with some future updates.Setting that aside though, the improvements to the gameplay and mechanics, like the dash and sword weapon, still makes this version worth playing, and probably the superior overall experience."
,Recommended,407810,23382668,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,">""L.Hübscher SEA BEAR. 👺","Hard Reset is fast-paced and entertaining, but the Shadow Warrior remake (same developer) felt a lot better for me. I'd recommend to grab this at a sale, since it's also quite short."
,Recommended,407810,28683621,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Moon to tha Mizoon,It is as described by others. Traditional FPS with light rpg elements. upgradable guns and gear. Get guns. Blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. lots of fun.
,Not Recommended,407810,26579470,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Just In Time,"The gameplay's fine. You get experience points to make your gun do different things, and you shoot the robots, and it's whatever.If you like story in your games, this one is completely asinine. You play a Corporate Cop in a cyperpunk city who has swear words and tryhard bitterness instead of a personality. When he isn't confused, he is complaining. At no point is it clear exactly what's going on, or what you're trying to do - even though it is not presented as a mystery - and at some point even the setting itself becomes unclear, not because of any plot-twist mindscrewery, but because it seems like the writers can't decide.It's said that you're all personalities in a data matrix or whatever, but you're at war with machines with people struggling on the outskirts of the city. Then cyborg zombies start appearing and literally no one remarks on this as shocking or unusual, or even as a known phenominan. Just when it starts to seem like you're definitely in a real world whose technology is being hacked by a robots, a public monument statue comes to life and gains ballistic weaponry because of a virus.You're implied to be some experimental messiah, and then they just sort of forget about that. It's stated outright that the Corporation isn't part of some conspiracy with the robots, but then they start trying to kill you because you don't report in after someone tells you you're cyber jesus. Then you (apparently?) complete your goal of... plugging into a construction robot(?), when you immediately fail in a cutscene, get dumped into a garbage bin, meet some people on the outside of the city after fighting through trash for three levels, and the game just ends with nothing apparently accomplished.Half the game is told in blurry comic-book cinematics with some attempt at the messy art style of the Metal Gear Solid comics, and the hero stays silent during gameplay; then the comics stop happening, and the hero learns how to talk during gameplay. I thought this would help the story have more context, but it just gave him more opportunities to complain.I don't know if it's a localization problem or what, but whenever this game isn't confusing, it's embarrassing.Two of the three bosses are kinda rad though, even if they're not that interesting to fight. If you like neat skyboxes, this has some."
,Not Recommended,407810,23999365,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tuntoron Sr,"This is more of rant than a review ..TL;DR:1) Does not worth it if you own the original (they should just released this redux version as free update to the original).2) Probably worth it if you did not owned the original, but still I urge you to view the gameplay/graphic comparison as this redux version is NOT REALLY an upgrade (this is why it's called redux), it just a minor different mode of graphic/gameplay of the same game (which should just probably added as options to the original)------------------------------------------------------------------------I owned the original.This redux version, I've bought this before, then found out that the graphic is actually worse than the original especially the AO, with minor different in gameplay and so I request for refund. It's not because of the graphic, but to me a redux which require additional cost should be better or at least on par with the original ..Today,  while browsing through my discovery queue I saw that few days ago they release an update -  And so I thought, Oh they probably has added some improvement and it could be better now and so I immediately re-bought it ..how wrong am I ..Graphics: the latest patch, they added back the 'baked AO' and that's it. Granted I think it may look a bit better than before (could be placebo), but the overall  texture ambiences still look muddy, less sharp than the original .. I remember the developer has clarified before that they lessen the sharpening filter a bit because they think it looks better. Well, dev .. something that look better in your eyes may not look better in others. Is it too difficult to add this as a graphic option so that others can simply re-enabled it?Gameplay: I've only play for like 20 minutes on first level and may not entitled to say much on this, but all I can say, I did not feel any differences than the original other than the facts you have unlimited abilities to dash and the enemies seems to be much more easier to kill ..   again, this to me is not an upgrade but instead a different mode of gameplay ..Other than those two areas, I believe the rest remain the same as the original .. ohh, except for the addition of Katana which to me doesn't make sense at all .. suddenly this games is trying to be a ninja game or what?Personally, I still think Hard Reset is great FPS and could be in league with other shooter such as duke nukem forever, serious sam or maybe even doom .. and this redux version does not change any of that facts, but it is an unnecessary redudancy.  It should be combined with the original games as new game mode or something similar  and should be a free update instead .. the dev need to redux and hard reset they approach instead of doing silly thing like resetting something that does not in need and charge money for this silliness ..This time I won't be requesting for refund .. but I can guarantee that this redux will remain with dust in my library .. personally I still prefer the original graphic and gameplay .. and to those who never play hard reset before, I urge you to get the original one instead .. it's cheaper personally i think it is better than the redux version .."
,Not Recommended,407810,23507177,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,R4NC1D,"While a good game to start off it got old for me very fast. All your different weapons are just morphs from your starters and enemies are more of a drag then fun. Sorry, 3/10"
,Recommended,407810,25395839,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: Hard Reset Redux. Cyber Spacing the Robots.Genre:First Person Cyberpunk Single Player Linear Shooter.Developed & Published by:Flying Wild Hog & Devolver DigitalPlatform:Windows, PS4 & Xbox OneBusiness Model:Single PurchaseFree Press Key Provided by DevelopersRead the full & unabridged version of this review on kingisaaclinksrInitial Overall ThoughtsIt’s interesting playing Hard Reset Redux after playing Shadow Warrior (2013). I can clearly see the beginnings of SE’s combat system and the enhancements to it in the Redux edition only highlight what they had started. It’s not the most polished FPS system I’ve ever experienced and the newly added Katana is situational at best. But you can see how they started with Hard Reset, created Shadow Warrior based on what they started and then took what they learned from SE and made HRR an even better game. HRR isn’t a perfect game because of it, but it’s so cool to see a developer learning and improving over time and watch it reflected in their continuing releases. It’s not even like the Cyber Katana even feels out of place! Though a lot of the enemies have a tendency to explode so getting close is a risky venture at best. It’s a visually unique FPS even if the fidelity is a bit lacking. Enemies are colorful and distinctive enough so as to avoid melting into each other. The city is a constantly dreary cyberpunk city that doesn’t forget that it can use color and vistas to make some impressive visuals.Cutscenes in this game use a stylized graphic novel look with voice over to piece together the various different events happening in the game. I’m never certain if I like this look but I’ll admit that I’ll take it over a badly CGI-ed scene or in-game cutscene that doesn’t look good. The acting is b-grade sci-fi quality. It’s good enough to be believable but some performances weren’t the best, mostly in the side-characters. As for the combat itself, it isn’t too bad. It gets a bit repetitive and I maybe would have liked to see more variety in enemy types towards the end of the game. They tended to just add more in crazier combinations which is fine, it just wasn’t as interesting to fight. I know there was some complaints about the game being too short but I frankly found the length to be just fine all things considered. There’s even some pretty interesting boss fights that don’t outstay their welcome.As for my thoughts on the game as a whole. I think it’s a very solid shooter. The two weapon platform system where each uses different ammo while being able to transform into four weapons is…odd. I can’t say I like or dislike it though. It’s a style choice clearly aimed at making the game more cyberpunk, but some annoyances crop up when you want a specific weapon from each platform and you’re unable to get to them in one click. The ability to upgrade them into four different modes with their own significant upgrades helps keep the combat interesting as well. There’s a few unique gun ideas that work. I think the game is pretty reasonably paced and has a decent amount of content for its asking price.Gameplay ExaminationHard Reset Redux is a first person linear shooter that has arena/corridor combat with quite a few enemies. Most enemies just require you to hit any part of them while others have armor that has to be shot off before they can be downed. HRR’s combat is based on two gun platforms: the CLN Modular Assault Rifle and the EEF-21 Plasma Rifle. The assault rifle dishes out ranged damage with bullets and can be modified to do more damage, faster. It can be upgraded to a shotgun, RPG and sniper rifle variant on the platform. The plasma rifle unleashes electric based shots that at first operates like an assault rifle but can be upgrades for close range electrical attacks, slowing fields and shoot-through-wall shots. Upgrades are acquired by collecting enough credits by defeating enemies or collecting caches throughout the level. Exploring the levels and finding secrets will give you access to bonus credits though running the game straightforward will give you access to many of the upgrades normally. I actually like this system because most upgrades substantially improve and/or change the guns in a meaningful way. Both weapons look rather cool in the Cyberpunkness. The assault rifle even glows bright red after a barrage of shots are fired. It’s the little details that can make the difference. In HRR, there’s no regenerating health so you’re going to have to rely on health and shield pickups that fall off enemies or can be found all over the levels. However, avoiding enemy attacks are easier to deal with thanks to the newly added dash. The third weapon, the Cyber Katana, can’t be upgraded and doesn’t have any special powers attached to it. Though the dashing ability at least allows you to use it effectively.The combat is about doing a lot of dashing, keeping an eye on what attack larger robots are about to execute and keeping your distance from enemies that want to give you a (charging/explosive) hug. Littered throughout the levels are environmental hazards that the player can use to take out a swarm of robots. Including but not limited to exploding electrical traps, oil barrels, A/C units and more. The environments aren’t destructible though so don’t expect to blow up a bunch of gas cans and create a new path. The environmental hazards at least help to change up the combat and require you to keep an eye on your surroundings because those hazards can hurt you as well. Outside of some fatigue with it towards the end of the game and the Katana’s questionable usefulness, HRR’s combat system is quite good.Final ThoughtsHard Reset Redux is an overall fun game and competently crafted FPS. The story isn’t really that memorable though I believe they really tried to make it so. The combat is pretty good overall and certainly Redux has improved it to be a lot more enjoyable. The dashing, the optional Katana and better enemy placement doubtless made this a more painless experience than the original doubtless was. The amount of content is very reasonable and there’s a pretty good amount of exploration on these linear levels to keep things interesting. I think it’s worth getting. Even if there isn’t one specific reason as to why I like it. If you need a cyberpunk shooter, I think Hard Reset Redux is worth getting. If you don’t like the changes from the Redux edition, they give you the original Hard Reset at no extra cost. I always like it when developers do that.Read this review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,407810,26153699,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,B/T |Kaine,This game is all about destroying robots in a fun exciting wayI recommened this game to people who haven't played the original game (HR Extended Edition) because redux is the same original game but with additional content and better graphics performance
76561198012182952,Recommended,407810,26127706,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,mastrogas,Old school FPS are always welcomed !
,Recommended,407810,23394541,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,JokingJames2,"When you finally get the sword, it spams kamikaze enemies that will kill you instantly if you fight in melee range.10/10"
,Recommended,407810,23411838,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,I.,"In the future no one can see you crouch.Neat game, however the gripe I have is that you can't crouch and the only reason I can see is to prevent you from going into different locations which is a cheap cop out of in level design.  Also there are ladders everywhere, which you cannot use at all.  Why put them in if you can't use them?  Bizzare.Other than I give it a solid ""meh"""
76561198150060833,Recommended,407810,23397579,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,grogoramish,really good game  i like it :)
76561198072652044,Recommended,407810,26585263,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,I can't come up with new names.,"Hard Reset Redux is a first-person-shooter cyberpunk game where you have to shoot stuff that looks bad for your diet. The game is pretty basic for what it is. Really it’s a shooter; you go from level to level and shoot more to make the story progress nothing too major really.The gameplay however is pretty satisfying, everything is very responsive and has a sense of adrenaline when you are fighting but once the killing is over it goes back to the ""wait what was I doing again?"" routine you know like you forgot what you were doing later on, or maybe it's just me, I donno. And you have two guns… well 3 but the 3rd one is not a gun it’s a secret I won’t tell you because I like to keep things in suspense. But the guns have different fire modes like the mini-gun can be a missile shooting grenade launching transformer and the other is like a plasma rifle that uses Nikola Teslas invention for world domination.Like the storyline makes no sense what's so ever like most of the times I'm like going ""what? who?... what?!"" like I barely remember about 90% of anything like there's these guys they are called like CLN fedora clan or something then it's about the government I donno!! Illuminati stuff I donno!Graphically it's really good, like really, really good but not too good but satisfyingly good the environment and atmosphere is fantastic like if anything the designers deserve a rise for good work and stuff.If I was to rate this game it would prop be like I donno 7/10 I guess I’m not good with rating stuff."
76561198086125734,Recommended,407810,24348962,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,General Winter,"a good mix of classic and modern FPS action that keeps you on your toes, enemies are more aggersive and intelligent between diffficulty levels as oppose to bullet sponge increase like some lazier devs would dooverall well done design, very akin to wolfenstien and doom with armor, health, and various other mechanics, though they work differently here, it becomes fun in its own right, definetly worth the price"
,Recommended,407810,23530922,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,hexone,"It was fun while it lasted, which admittedly is pretty short. The ending was very, very, very, disappointing. Gameplay itself is  entertaining enough. Graphics are pretty solid. Story isn't much to write home about, and the main character is pretty standard."
,Recommended,407810,26633155,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,cod_x5,i don't know what i say about this game but its so awesome omg (its worth it)
,Recommended,407810,25175422,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,UltramanJ,"The shooting action makes up for the lean enemy variety, and drab early stages."
76561198071023075,Recommended,407810,25256619,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Lakesrid,"So I will begin with that while I have played the original I don't remember that much of it when it comes to the technical side (graphics and performance), so I will not compare this to it (but keep in mind that some say the original had more graphical effects, but again I can not confirm nor deny that as of yet).Now that this is out of the way - the game is great. Looks awesome (both as quality and style), plays awesome, runs rather well (I've had a few rare stutters, but barely noticable and really short). The story so far doesn't seem as bad as many people say - it's a bit cheesy, though intentionally so, but overall it is mainly just there - nothing to remember.Now the question is - are the new things worth it? Well, not really. The dash is usefull, but takes away from the old school feel of the gameplay. The katana is rather...bad, or at least not as practical as you may like.If you cang et this with the discount - you will recieve the otriginal as well so it's a great deal for an awesome, if you already own the original however -  even with the discount you spend your 3 bucks on something new and different."
,Recommended,407810,25332068,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,remyzzzzz,"Fun action Packed old school shooter. For a small team it is not bad game. There is some balance here and there issue, minor problems, but still nice treat if you into old school. recommending to play on hard.Loved new zombies, extra fun with katana :)"
,Recommended,407810,23411363,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Anfunny,"If you have Shadow Warrior, this isn't a wasted $3, but it is by no means SW quality."
,Recommended,407810,23465718,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Deus ExmeetsSerious Samin a future where everything seems to explode on contact; just as satisfying now as it was in 2011. This updated version ofHard Resethas been heavily, and in my opinion, unfairly criticized despite being a significant improvement over the original release.Let's start off with the basics:Visually the game is as stunning as it's always been, arguably the most atmospheric cyberpunk game outside of theDeus Exseries and moving away from DX9 has only done it favors.Reduxis a far more organic presentation; gone is the garish sharpening filter, excessive bloom and baked shadows, replaced by DX11's superior lighting and dynamic ambient occlusion.Performance, is of course, massively improved in the process. As with the initial release of spiritual successorShadow Warrior(later given a significant DX11 overhaul alongside the console ports),Hard Resetwas notoriously unoptimized; theExileDLC in particular gave me nothing but trouble.Redux? 1080p, max settings, solid 60 despite the never ending onslaught of chaos and particle effects. Flying Wild Hog has come a long way with their Road Hog engine and it shows in execution.Gameplay has also been tweaked. The original release was, for lack of a better way of putting it, stupidly hard. Above average at FPS as I might be, even I couldn't make it through without dropping the difficulty along the way. Here, even Insane feels manageable, by all means unforgiving, but fair; splash damage is less punishing, unlimited sprint is an absolute godsend as is theShadow Warrior-inspired dash and anyone complaining about the addition of a melee weapon (cyber katana) has clearly never played through the more ammo-intensive segments ofHard Reset'scampaign -- it's an absolute life saver.But I am biased. Flawed as it might have been,Hard Resetmanaged to win me over years ago. Charm, gameplay, atmosphere... it had it all, andReduxdoesn't jeopardize those qualities by any means; it just polishes them to an nth degree, and that's all I could have ever asked for in the end."
,Recommended,407810,33765997,Posted: 24 July,all,GamesMaster,"after buying and playing for 1.7 hrs, my save game has dissapperaed and have to start all over again.other than that good game, 6/10"
76561197994034954,Recommended,407810,34730167,Posted: 4 September,all,Om_Audio,I liked the fast play and ridiculous amount of damage and flying parts. Good fun. played through 2x I think. Was cheap and fun!
,Recommended,407810,27004289,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GUTO -es-,Best Game ever
,Recommended,407810,24611500,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lake333GLD,"+ Price is acceptable (on sale).+ Smooth and fast graphics.+Gameplay is awesome.+ Cyberkatana.+ New modern Game Engine.It is old style Hard Reset Extended on a new engine. It is fully optimised to run on modern PC.If you like some pure, crazy action FPS, you gonna love it."
76561198098586822,Recommended,407810,23409043,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,{HTH} lost_hope24,"fast paced, first person shooter"
,Recommended,407810,26639307,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,timecop,an enjoyable load your save two days later and spend twenty minutes trying to find out where the hell i was supposed to go simulator
76561198312269830,Recommended,407810,23779615,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MrGoods,"Game is really cool.  If your thinking about it, just go ahead and buy.  Cool robot apocholyps with gun upgrades.... and a sword!"
,Not Recommended,407810,23378200,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Pogo,WTF hell...graphics are downgraded to run the game smooth - maybe for fkn consoles??!!!? DO NOT BUY!!!!
,Not Recommended,407810,23364426,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,PumpkinSpicedAutism,As much as I am very happy they fixed a lot the issues with a game and ths making a medicore game with great potential an amazing experience I still can't reccomend this game.Why? Because it's another update that I had to pay for and I'm so sick of doing It. There is no reason that I should have to pay for a fixed version of a game I already own.Even if it is just $3 the fact of the matter Is that I still have to pay for a patch to get a version of the game that has quick saveing and balanced difficulty and that is terrible.If you don't own the original game it's worth a pick up I guess but having payed the full amount and then having to buy the same game again with all the balance worked out it's a major♥♥♥♥♥♥off especially since Wasteland 2 and Divinity Orignial Sin did this same practice and added way and that was totally free if you had the game
,Not Recommended,407810,23389622,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DickPays,"It's sad that Hard Reset, runs better and looks better than the Redux version. The Redux runs at 30fps max, even though the steam in-game counter say over 100fps. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. While I play the un-redux'ed version, it runs so much better. Eh, oh well. At least I got Hard Reset and the DLC along with the game, but if you're buying this for the Redux, don't. If you can get it for 3 bucks, do it. The original price is too high."
,Recommended,407810,23366366,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mackensen,"I already had the original Hard Reset, so getting the Redux for 3 euros was a no brainer.It's still a fun, old school first person shooter. But it can get repetitive, manly because of the level desing.If you can buy it for 3 euros, go for it. But I can't justify it's price for 19.99 euros.Just wait for a Steam sale."
,Recommended,407810,23368844,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,DMStewart,"I forgot how good this game was! And its on sale for $3? I had played about 40% of the campaign the first time around before getting distracted with other games. Shortly after I became a fanboy of Flying Wild Hog's Shadow Warrior. If you love Shadow Warrior and never played this you owe it to yourself to get this game. It is the genesis of Shadow Warrior. Sword play comes in very early on. The same dash movements and running made their appearance here first. So it will feel very familiar. And even if you havent played Shadow Warrior, get this anyway. By a copy for yourself and a friend. Its too good to pass up."
,Not Recommended,407810,24184164,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,T Sizzle,"I do not recommend ""Hard Rest Redux"" - but I do receommend ""Hard Rest"".It's not much of a redux at all."
,Recommended,407810,23376905,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,FasterThanFTL,"While the graphics have been slightly downgraded, probably because in order for it to work on consoles and even lower end PCs. Literally everything gameplay wise has been upgraded from the original.✔"
,Recommended,407810,23368221,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Fracture64,Gameplaywise much better than original. Old one felt a bit frustrating and downright unfair at times.
,Recommended,407810,23377105,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CrainBramp,"Not terrible, and not earth-shattering, Hard Reset Redux is a decent first-person shooter.  Very BladeRunner-esque with it's environment, it's very physics driven, with a highly destructable environment that you can use against your enemies.  Runs smooth and flawless on my R9 290X averaging around 200fps once vSync was taken off at Ultra Settings.Probably my biggest complaint is that it seems far too easy on Normal mode.  In my first couple of levels, I made mistakes that should have cost me a checkpoint reset several times, but I scraped on through with not too much trouble.  Health and ammo was lying EVERYWHERE in the levels, making stocking back up and staying alive almost ridiculously easy.  Some of the bigger enemies take forever to kill, while their hits to you seem mostly meaningless.  Admittedly, I haven't played on hard or anything else, but I feel that Normal shouldn't be a cakewalk.  Some battles seemed easy to predict, and combat almost became wooden at times ... run backwards, keep the mouse button pressed."
,Recommended,407810,23374304,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ol' Pocket Turtles,"This game is just awesome. Solid gameplay, Badass 90s dystopia setting, and generally a very satisfying game to play. This feels like if DOOM (the 90s ones) had a lovechild with Quake and The Matrix.I picked it up dirt cheap ($3) and after playing it, i can honestly recommend picking this up at full price if youre a fan of any of the words in the first 3 sentences in this review; any of them at all.9/10 -1 cuz you need to tweak the controls. switch weapon is f1/f2 by default."
76561198116384968,Recommended,407810,26154383,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,PyramidEddie,"Pur mancando di varietà e finezza di design, Hard Reset Redux è un valido FPS, che offre un gunplay solido ed un ritmo di gioco sostenuto, coadiuvato da un controllo dei movimenti considerevolmente migliore rispetto all'orignale.Non al livello del suo ""progenitore"" Painkiller, nè tantomeno un classico, ma un buon tentativo che intrattiene per tutta la sua breve durata."
76561197969066488,Recommended,407810,23381457,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Warlok,More fun than Doom! - Put some edm on in the background and blast your way through this treat of a shooter!  [ed note: never played doom]
76561198000058788,Recommended,407810,30935431,Posted: 3 April,all,Tater No-Pants,Painkiller meets Blade Runner
,Recommended,407810,31377482,Posted: 26 April,all,Sviskebisk,sick dialogue and plot twists
76561198063230655,Recommended,407810,23896509,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Braintumour,Diz game loves us!!..
76561198008795381,Recommended,407810,23363183,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Eugenm,"По скидке купил 62,85 рублей!! GOOD GAMES!!"
,Not Recommended,407810,23389614,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,digimortal81,"downgraded visuals form the brilliant original.  other than that same great game but the ""REDUX"" is pure fraud and a scam.  DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,407810,26158279,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Pretty Good,Very easy compared to the original due to the added abilities. The toughest enemies are now a joke. Saving anywhere is a nice addition but that's about it.
76561198080230327,Recommended,407810,25578030,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ohyes,Very simple yet action packed 1st person shooter. The gameplay reminds me of DOOM.
,Recommended,407810,23368558,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Meowmeow Fuzzyface,"Awesome old school FPS with unique weapons and exceptionally good level design and atmosphere.  Really great devs, too.  Definitely worth the $20 price tag if you didn't own the original, and a great upgrade for $3 if you did."
,Recommended,407810,23453234,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Pudge,"The original Hard Reset was released on PC in September of 2011, which was a transitional period in the world of first person shooters. Simply put, there just wasn’t a lot of room for something so inspired by the old-school in a year that saw games like F3AR, Homefront, and RAGE coming out. Therefore, it’s only fitting that Hard Reset Redux comes along and settles in where it always belonged, alongside DOOM, STRAFE, and a swath of arena shooters that are prioritizing action over storytelling. 2016 should be much more welcoming to Fletcher and his mission to destroy every robot that evil cyberpunk corporations send his way.Want to know more? My full review is now availalbe over at{LINK REMOVED}TechRaptor.net!http://techraptor.net/content/hard-reset-redux-reviewNOTE: Review was conducted on the Xbox One version of the game!"
76561198020575563,Recommended,407810,23370457,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,BBQBaconBurger,"Always wanted to check this game out, really bro of FWH to give owners of Shadow Warrior (Which also kicks♥♥♥♥♥ such a nice discount.So far all I can say is this is just a good ol' fashioned mindless shooter. The really interesting bit is you only have two guns, each with their own ammo type. However, each gun is split into modules that each count as their own weapon (rilfe, shotgun, grenade launcher) its pretty fun to be able to switch them on the fly and just wreak havoc on some enemies.If you are enjoying the new Doom game, you'll probably have a damn good time with this as well."
76561198004388443,Recommended,407810,26549418,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,rikster,"Hard Reset is a great action game by Flying Wild Hog, and I do recommend it."
,Recommended,407810,23374295,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Hom Tanks,"A very solid FPS that welcomes those who like mindless corridor shooting. The action does not stop and the shooting is downright welcoming and just right. Nice upgrade system for your two primary weapons as you can add grenade launchers, shotguns, and more.If you played the original version, it may be worth a second playthrough as the game is still fun BUT really depends if you are a FPS maniac like I am.I did feel that the original version had optimization issues and I notice faster loading times, crisper graphics, better movement, and shooting feels a little more tweaked."
,Recommended,407810,23379095,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,OZKABOT,"Gameplay wise, this is the definitive edition of Hard Reset. It may be a slight visual downgrade, but gameplay is what really matters here. Some nice additions from the 2013 Shadow Warrior reboot, along with overall balancing improvements, makes for a more refined and enjoyable game. Highly recommended to owners of the original Hard Reset who fancy a replay, and gamers familiar with Painkiller, Serious Sam, Shadow Warrior (2013) and DOOM."
,Recommended,407810,23370812,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Crockpot,"Cyborg zombies, destructable environments, a big♥♥♥♥♥sword and a reckless disregard for any and all machine-based life forms. This game is a good old fashioned romp through an interesting cyberpunk world, and I'd say its worth your time and money."
,Not Recommended,407810,24803028,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Xaero,"Boring game, repetitive gameplay with the same stupid enemies in droves in same-y, brown, ugly environments.  One can even dash to one's death by hitting the environment too hard or on fire escapes, fly over railings.  Jumping is floaty and iffy with some obstacles manageable, others inexplicably impassable.  Weapons and their numerous modes all lack punch and power.  At one point, I realized I could outrun my own rocket...Story is so garbage, I wanted to Hard Reset myself with a sledgehammer.  I actually hate playing this game, but I will perserver and finish it.Avoid like plague."
76561198059856195,Recommended,407810,26208379,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,XsilentsnakeX,It's a decent game but Didn't care for the story but good enough to play. Game gets a 7/10.
76561198132670253,Recommended,407810,31756058,Posted: 14 May,all,EoniAno,有种单机Quake的感觉，来去如风，漫天乱射各种技能搭配也是牛逼了，低配Doom这画面材质是怎么做到的...6个G不到，优化很稳波兰人做游戏质量确实厉害9/10
,Not Recommended,407810,23414572,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,✟METATRON✟,Downgrade graphics means bad redux.
,Recommended,407810,23378238,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Paradise Decay,"[1080p] [60FPS] This video features a non-biased quick look @ the game only:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10B7EJnNpNM[COMPETITION] +1 Steam Key to Giveaway!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avjEEdk8tfUNew Weapon: Cyber Katana [Glorious Slow Motion Footage]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Co81iyM10BYOne of my TOP Rated FPS games remastered and it's even more AWESOME!Game Details:Hard Reset Redux is an action-packed and hardcore single-player shooter which embraces the best qualities that the genre has it offer. It includes over-the-top destruction, loads of enemies, great weapon variety, a challenging campaign and a beautifully realized cyberpunk setting."
,Recommended,407810,23367407,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,KageTsuki,"Awesome game! As twice as better than the original, and very well optimized!"
,Recommended,407810,23370443,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Gameplay is like DOOM or the Darkness.Fast paced, helter skelter FPS with lots of industrial and Sci-Fi influence.Great price ($3 sale) and updates8/10"
,Recommended,407810,23378798,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,A4man,"Rather than nitpicking the differences like negative reviews, see it as £2.25 DLC for the awesome new Cyber-Katana Weapon. Ace game!!"
,Recommended,407810,23384639,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bane?,Short but OK.
76561198003379843,Recommended,407810,26347716,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,urbancommando86,Great game and works well on most PCs. Wish it had Co-op though. Maybe HR2 will :)
76561198022043667,Recommended,407810,28499467,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jawsman01,Sheer Excellence!Supremely WELL DONE!LOVE THIS GAME!!
,Recommended,407810,29515020,Posted: 26 January,all,Noct.BYZZ4,say nothingjust shot these bunch of crappy metals
76561198061786965,Recommended,407810,32105082,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,"Have you tried turning it on and off again? Wait, is that a spoiler?"
76561197999695604,Not Recommended,407810,26561509,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,niin,"I like sci-fi themed games. With that said, that is why I purchesed this game. I quickly found it how simple the game is and how the enemies are copies of themselves. Varity is lacking is this dark world. It held my interest for two days tops. It is just a simple FPS."
,Not Recommended,407810,29617097,Posted: 31 January,all,Artfey,This is complete garbage compared to the original.
76561197995783652,Not Recommended,407810,29706040,Posted: 4 February,all,Feyr,very linear and simplistic gameplay. there's no innovation here
,Recommended,407810,23369974,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[h+],Wow. Just wow.
76561198189580127,Recommended,407810,23358494,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Andrewww,It is better than the other version.I will make a more detalied sumary after I play more :DAlso to play the game to it's full you need to play it at insane which is better in this version :V
76561197991465949,Recommended,407810,23360609,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Gagarin,Nice shooter with slighty better graphics
76561197989154155,Not Recommended,407810,23384137,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Catoclysma,Unplayble because of the bugs
76561198033308080,Recommended,407810,23369278,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lt.Commander.Reign,"Have the original, bought the redux. Why? Because it is worth to buy."
,Not Recommended,407810,24037014,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ActionPoohole,From someone who never played the original...Map design is boring and repetitive as well as confusing and easy to get lost. Guns don't feel like they pack any real punch. Sounds are weak. Atmosphere is pretty poor.Overall this game just isn't very fun and doesn't hold my attention. Much better off playing the original Deus-Ex which you can get on steam.If I had to rate the game out of 10 i'd give it a 3/10... Not worth playing.
,Recommended,407810,26211520,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ð乇ｷ乇ζЦ乇Ð,"it good, it weal good!"
,Recommended,407810,23370010,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MundM,"Hard Reset meets Shadow Warrior! I can highly recomment this title to everybody who missed playing the original, because of the improvements like dashing like in Shadow Warrior. It still feels like a good old retro 3d fps, with still very good graphics, you really see that the game was made for pc back then, and the new engine is so well optimized, that it should be easy for many people to play it in 4k/ downsample it from 4k.Your enemies, btw. are robots, and at sometimes it feels like you have some quake 2 enemies against you, which adds to the retro vibe, in my opinion.You have a skill system, where you collect points which add up till you've gained a skill point, which you then can put into your characters armor and physical abilities, or you can modify your weapons.You have 2 weapons. That's it. Unless you spend skill points into those, then you can turn those 2 weapons, into 8, divided by a conventional weapon, and an energy weapon, which transform into different weapons like a shotgun, or a rail gun on the energy side, and both weapons have their own ammunition.Different difficulty settings, a mode that is like new game+ and there is a new survival mode.Anyway, if you are a fan of ""realistic"" fps games, or you only like to shot humans in the head, or you wheren't born before the year 2000 and you think old school shooters are outdated, then this game is not for you.But if you like retro shooters with a modern touch, then this game is for you!"
76561197982034457,Recommended,407810,23361889,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,TwitcherUS,good oldschool feelin.Full Walkthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fjnog41MYuEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRpJZd0YJLU&feature=youtu.be
,Not Recommended,407810,28452933,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MountainManGuy,"Awful game.I really really wanted to like this game and there are definitely things to like about it, but there are so many things I hate that I alt+f4'd on the second to last level(factory) and promptly uninstalled this game.Good:1. Visuals2. Quick save/reload systemBad:1.  No cover system - There is cover throughout the map but every single enemy projectile just does aoe damage through the cover.  Whats the point?2.  The sprint system - When you sprint in this game it looks like you are going into hyperspeed and the mouse sens goes through the roof.  I strongly dislike this running technique that they've also brought into shadow warrior..3.  Upgrades -  The upgrades are garbage and BARELY offer you with any real upgrade.  You are stuck with two garbage weapons with minimal upgrades and very poor damage dealt.4.  Jumping -  You can't really jump in this game.  There is a small little jump, but you can't really use it to your advantage when in a fight because you just get stuck on everything around the map which leads me to my next point.5.  Map layout - This game's sole existence is based on fast paced shootemup combat.  The problem is, your character gets stuck on everything around the map, and you stick to enemies as well making it almost impossible to juke properly.  You're left with nothing but the roll, and even that is weak.  I saw people complaining about the roll technique like it was OP or something, that could not be more false.6.  The worst thing about the game and the reason I uninstalled without finished and the reason for this negative review. - The second to last level(factory) - In this level, your screen just simply goes to red and your character dies, for no reason at all.  I have killed all the enemies, I am not going through the crushers, but my character just randomly dies in a sea of red.  I can't even advance through the rest of the level due to this game breaking bug.  The game gives you absolutely no indication as to what kills you, so if there are no enemies left, and Im not going through the crushers, what's killing me?I just wish I could get my money back from this trash game."
76561197987684953,Not Recommended,407810,23411943,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,wjmateus,Graphics Downgrade Simulator.
,Not Recommended,407810,23643160,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Orma,better than half life 2
,Not Recommended,407810,25858975,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Warxa,"It's bland and not fun, you just shoot at bullet sponge enemies that don't feel satisfying at all to kill for the whole game and that's it."
,Recommended,407810,23384185,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,bottled water,The game DOOM is based on.
,Not Recommended,407810,23373960,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mr. C,"Good game, I was playing ok but now I can't see the menu, it dosn't appear"
,Not Recommended,407810,23367702,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Larry David,"980ti, i7-6700k, winpro64, 16gig, 1TB SSD, samsung 4kloaded it up. couldnt find a 4k option. FSAA only, most other options locked out/gone.looks washed out? looks actually poor compared to HR original.Xsplit reporting 300 FPS. but it FEELS and flows/looks like 30 FPSsomething aint rightwent to post on forum, looks like theyve taken it downgot my 3 bucks, well done :P"
,Not Recommended,407810,34940798,Posted: 13 September,all,Yogurt,"I just don't like it, really. Can't say I recommend a game I don't like.The game hurts my eyes. Im serious. I can't really play.There's literally no crouching in this game.Enemy spam. Like... Like a lot.Personally I don't like the idea of guns having different modes. I prefer the guns separately. Also the Zoom is bad.For a 2016 game this is disappointing. Or is it? Lottsa bad games out there these days. But, this is widely enjoyed (sort of) so maybe you'll enjoy it too, I just didn't."
,Not Recommended,407810,28273905,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Juicy Thunder Liker,I wish they'd redux'd the idea of making this game in the first place.
,Not Recommended,407810,25744485,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,lyni,"huuuuu ""redux"" ?"
76561198005532278,Not Recommended,407810,28190640,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sarok Adarron,"Just, no."
,Not Recommended,407810,32293160,Posted: 9 June,all,Lightning,"trash game with a terrible story and you just get lost becoz no hints/tutorials are available.you gotta find a way out of the city which is built by a 8 years old minecraft kidsuck graphic and this game look so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥terribly ugly.just like my face.And the worst part is,i live in a pineapple under the seahow the fhe fk you call it redux? 0/10"
,Recommended,407810,23476072,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TheKrimzonDemon©,"So far, I'm having much more fun playing Redux than the original version. The action has a faster pace, the graphics are much cleaner, the game has more options to tweak, but mostly, for some reason, maybe all those combined, its simply more fun. It very much has a ""DOOM"" feel to it, and I absolutely love ""DOOM"".The weapon and gear upgrade system, I feel, is well done, though I do admit I think some upgrades are fairly useless, though that's normal for games these days. I enjoy the destructible environment, and that you're encouraged to destroy as much as possible.While Redux, Hard reset as a whole, isn't the most advanced game you'll play, and while it is fairly linnear, it's whole purpose is to tell a story, which it does, and be fun while doing so, and it is.That's all a game needs to be, fun."
76561197970482328,Recommended,407810,24360620,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,fjk1138,"Combine Painkiller with Blade Runner and bits of The Terminator thrown in, and you can pretty much sum up this game.  It's not horrible, but it's certainly nothing great either.  The early environments are nice to look at, but later on things get more claustrophic and rather bland.  The game pretty much throws the same enemies at you for most of the game, and the weapons seem rather weak in my opinion.  There are upgrade options, but I can't say I was blown away by them.  Glad I only spent $3 on it because it's not worth much more than that.I'll recommend it if you can get it on sale and/or you've got no other better shooter to play for the time being."
76561197972326986,Recommended,407810,24126450,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,mustangsvtcobra,"If you like classic style shooters, you will love this game.  As a long time PC player, this game reminded me of the old school Duke Nukem 3D as well as the original Unreal and Unreal 2.   The graphics are pretty good, the physics engine is awesome and the game runs extremely well."
,Recommended,407810,23936269,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Flash_Frame,"Reviewers complaining about downgraded graphics is moot, due to the fact that this is a fast paced game anyway. I still think it looks and plays smoothly. The gunplay is very good, although the two primary weapons with ten different gun modes makes it a pain to switch during combat. I will say that if you've played the most recent Shadow Warrior, then you probably should skip this, as it feels very similar, especially the explosions and mannerisms of the enemies. Otherwise this is a perfectly good FPS time waster, with story cutscenes you should skip."
76561198020297975,Recommended,407810,24459755,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,matthew1988bassett,Runs really well very smooth is alot of fun graphics are okaysome great bosses unfortunately story is average and the soundtrack Is goodwell worth the full price even better on sale had so much fun and will replay it
,Recommended,407810,23939533,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,dave1276,Great game but does seem to have some missing effects when compared to the originalhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es43U7qd5K4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml39NIUHMPY
76561198260294991,Recommended,407810,26589872,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,FilipTh3Gr3at,"I'd been thinking for like a day if I should get this game or not since it was on sale. Read the reviews and most of them were good. So I decided to go with it and try it and I ABSOLUTELY love it! It's just easy enough that I don't have to die (And I hate dying) So yeah, I definitely recommend!"
76561198090167019,Recommended,407810,26591070,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,nocturnesound,"That's a great game! If you liked cyberpunk style, that game for you."
76561197998255221,Recommended,407810,26592870,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Zeenomorph,Great back to basics FPS.
76561197994202322,Recommended,407810,26610711,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,illuminati hybrid,"Fun, oldschool gameplay. Nice variety of interesting weapon types. Fun game. Main problem is that its very short. I beat it in about 5 hours.Verdict: Buy when heavily discounted."
76561198062168642,Recommended,407810,26612199,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,The Dank Bank,"Overall I'd rate this game a solid 8/10. First off I got it for $5 so you can't beat that. Unrelated to price, I love the overall ""cyber-punk"" look and feel. The comic book custscenes are very good as well. They add just enough story to flavor the game but don't make the game seemed dragged out in any way. This game is well received if you're a fan of DOOM or any of the Quake games. I played this game on hard my first time around as easy and normal were too much of a push over. If you're someone well aquainted to arena type shooters, you know that standing sitll = death. This game illistrates that perfectly.My only grip is the weapon changing system. You're only given 2 ""weapons"" that you can expand on via upgrades. But switching to these weapons is a pain as you utilize your scroll wheel to cycle through your various upgrade attachments. (Grenade launcher, missle launcher, machine gun, rail gun, shotgun, etc). Doing this makes it a pain when in the heat of combat. Unless there is a hotkeying system I'm unaware of, this was the only let down as many of these enemies in late game are VERY unforgiving when you're fighting your own weapon system. (Especially on hard mode)Still a great game and I'd highly recommend it. Especially given it's price point. (Still $5 I believe as of this review). Give it a try."
,Recommended,407810,26607286,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,JoJoHoseph,Explosions and Robots. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,407810,23407738,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Murderlol,"Basically Hard Reset with a katana, quick dodging, re-arranged enemies, new enemies, and the DLC included. So the original, but better, and for $3 if you own the original or Shadow Warrior. It's a pretty hard deal to pass up because it's a fantastic game and this is the best version of it.I'll mention that in terms of graphics, it looks about the same. There's a bunch of people crying about the graphics getting downgraded but it's not something you'll really notice without staring closely at comparison screenshots all day, and especially during gameplay I didn't really notice a difference. Supposedly it's a glitch, but either way I don't see it as a big deal."
,Recommended,407810,23408081,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Withdrawal Symptoms,"Can't complain, since a $3 loyalty discount for new mechanics and enemy placement is cheaper than most DLC out there. Sure, they took away the BAO in favor of SSAO, but it runs a lot smoother compared to the old game. The difficulty is a lot easier now too, since the bots are no longer as bullet spongey."
76561197966619209,Recommended,407810,23419237,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Virck,"Simply put, Hard Reset: Redux makes Hard Reset a proper post 2001 game.Don't take that the wrong way, the addition of one more weapon, new enemies, and better pacing and enhanced visuals are insanely awesome for the 3$ I paid for the Redux!But above and beyond just plain better than the original, and if you owned the original and were frustrated by certain features, Redux now gives you the opportunity to properly enjoy Hard Reset."
76561198040368178,Recommended,407810,23397571,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,NozzDogg,"Man, this game is dumb...In a really good way.Honestly, I'm usually a sucker for plot and since this game's plot is utterly generic, while being hard to follow, you'd expect me to be running screaming, but man it is fun to switch off and blast away at enemies. There is a certain amount of thinking involved, but it somehow feels more like the primative lizard brain is in charge than the higher function.With the dashing and (presumably the katana, I haven't got that far yet) it feels a lot like Shadow Warrior though, so if you haven't got that yet, pick it up first. It's the better game and it even has an engaging plot, if you're hear for that. I got this on the ridiculously cheap promo sale though, so I'm happy with my purchase."
76561198141005503,Recommended,407810,23386347,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,John Stryker,"Very cool game - a pleasant surprise. I highly recommend it. Superb atmosphere, nice graphics, engaging sounds. Played for about 2 hours and loved it. Looking forward to resume the game."
76561198000237795,Recommended,407810,23475180,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,kyvitti84,even better now just something as simple as a flashlight.
76561197970752300,Recommended,407810,23502827,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Vaultboy101,Great remake! Loved the Original. This one is better by a lot!
76561197971665515,Recommended,407810,23491045,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,alea206,"This game is what happens when you would like to make DOOM like game, you do have good ideas and don't have lot of money and experienced team. Current DOOM mania is probably only reason why this Redux exists in the first place :-)This game is still good fun, but only for a prize around 5-12 EURs. It is a good way to support Flying Wild Hog."
,Recommended,407810,23496007,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Charlie Z,Best 3 dollar game I done ever played I tell ya
76561198010612324,Recommended,407810,23643958,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,kael_lorenz,"It's a fun way to waste a couple hours, but ultimately the replay value is poor.  The single player campaign is laughably easy, and the gameplay didn't inspire me to complete it at a harder difficulty.As the game went on, I found most weapon upgrades to be useless- nine times out of ten I was relying on a railgun/shotgun combination while swatting any enemies that got closer with the katana.  That changed to railgun/RPG later on.The graphics are good, but could be improved, as could the A.I.  Literally all the enemies have either one of two tactics- run at you and attack, or jump around and shoot.In conclusion, it's not bad, but don't pay full price- wait till it comes on special.  I'd class this game as a 'stocking stuffer' rather than something really worthwhile."
,Recommended,407810,23576891,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dimi,The game is not Hard Reset. The Redux version is waaaaaaaaaaay more easy than the original one. The game looks different from the first. It looks simpler. Somehow I think the graphics just feel wrong but Ok they call it Redux. I'm somehow disappointed from the Redux version The playthrough on insane difficulty took me about 10 hours while I spent over 90 hours on the original one on insane.Nevertheless I can still recommend this game since it's a solid fps with a nice setting. If you are a die-hard gamer and pro you should stick to the original one though.
,Recommended,407810,23861340,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TakedoXX,"Not bad, but may be not the best choice for everyone. If you've played shadow warrior, you'll feel right at home here."
76561197983964763,Recommended,407810,29074788,Posted: 6 January,all,MaChiNe`,Its a fun game.  Not sure why all the hate.  Get it on sale and have fun!!
,Recommended,407810,28898597,Posted: 1 January,all,neoadorable,"Bought and completed the original Hard Reset back in summer/fall 2011. This version is a massive upgrade, with much better graphics and gameplay. It's still the same Blade Runner-inspired, Doom-flavored arena/wave shooter at heart, but the amazing details in the environments and models come to life much better in the Redux. They also added new enemies that make things a little more interesting, and an entirely new area and story section that extends the game by about an hour. The plot remains deliciously non-coherent, though, you basically just shoot a lot of robots and cyborgs while talking to various disembodied voices. But there are tons of upgrades to obtain, with some new ones I believe. And the main setting is still called Bezoar City. Either that means something in Polish or I want what they were on when they named it. The original was an OK 6/10, this I'd easily recommend as an 8/10."
,Recommended,407810,28994658,Posted: 3 January,all,RAIZO,"A cyberpunk tale of humans vs. machines in an all-out robot holocaust FPS action fest. Don't expect too much going in, as this game plays out along the lines of a classic FPS. If you have some decent hardware the graphics are pretty slick with a consistent framerate.Word from the wise though, the weapons kinda suck initially, especially when playing on a higher difficulty setting, that is until you level them up/unlock additional components and parts, etc. You actually only acquire 3 weapons, two of which you have from the start: a machine gun of sorts, a plasma-ish gun and a cyber katana (something you get part way through the game). The catch is that both the MG and PG allow for additional weapon attachment unlocks, such as a shotgun, grenade launcher and RPG for the MG and a rail gun, mines and smart gun for the PG, to name a few.There are a few boss battles which can get pretty intense and some pretty tough lesser enemies throughout the game. Like I said earlier, don't expect too much story-wise: this is all about shooting stuff, mostly robots, so if you're into that sort of thing and enjoy Flying Hog's better known FPS series (Shadow Warrior), you should give this a go."
76561197995251370,Recommended,407810,30172097,Posted: 25 February,all,Harvey Manfrangensengen,"While this game  doesn't have much new to say in the genre of FPS I found it quite fun. Combat was well balanced, weapon variety was enjoyable. And the story was good enough to keep me interested."
76561198017443403,Recommended,407810,29323863,Posted: 17 January,all,Skeeter,"I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed this game.  It's short, but worth a play through.  It's a single player only adventure that is typical FPS with minor RPG elements, being you can upgrade your weapons and self.  There are four levels of difficulty from Easy to Insane.  The game played well for me as I had zero crashes.  It has autosave areas and you can also save wherever you want.  I was happy it supported my ultrawide monitor.  I bought it during a Steam sale and recommend it to others who enjoy First Person Shooters."
,Recommended,407810,29232251,Posted: 13 January,all,DJ Heady,"I played the Original minimum 4 times completely. Including Exile. Inluding insane difficulty on both. This one is almost the same as the Original, but there is one thing which I really dont like - even on Insane difficulty, it is very easy! I remember a part in the Original that I was not able to conquer on Insane diffilty for several hours! The same part here? On first time! Or have I become so good at this game? Probably. But even my friend, who played Redux for the first time (and wasnt playing the Original), told me that he almost wasnt dying.But still, Hard Reset in general is an awesome game! These are the things which are for me awesome:- a lot of weapons - their scalability as you progress gives you many ways how to play- graphics - the Original was released in 2012, so it has some years- atmosphere (cyber punk) + music- playable - very good controls- massive (environment) destructionSo I will recommend Redux, but you should try the Original first (Hard Reset Extended). Or begin here on Insane difficulty so you will have some challenge."
76561197985058328,Recommended,407810,29835261,Posted: 10 February,all,ShinsFortress,"This game is a breath of fresh air.  I picked up on sale as I was looking for a good old-fashioned, not complicated, shooter.  I was disappointed with the new Wolfensteins and was looking for something with more action, some skill but not too much brainwork.  BINGO!The graphics and sound are just about acceptable (for this day and age), but the basic shooty gameplay is just right for me.  I have head-scratchy RPGs if I want to think.  When I want to unwind, this is the ticket."
76561198263667381,Recommended,407810,29966100,Posted: 16 February,all,Riomedina,Extremely addictive and fun. Lots of replayable value. Finished the game twice already.
,Recommended,407810,33842717,Posted: 27 July,all,Taylem,"Per the normal, I will keep my review fairly short as I know many do not like over-explained walls of text. Is this game worth purchasing? Absolutely.The combat is simple, fun and reminds me of Half-Life mixed in with just a dash of DOOM. It runs smooth with each enemy requiring just a bit different of an approach of attack and choice of weapon.The environment is awesome, almost having a quasi Fift Element meets Judge Dredd meets Blade Runner feel to it. Very cyberpunk indeed.The sound is great. The music is fitting. The graphic novel style of the cutscenes are a welcome change from poorly done cinematics.The only weak point in the game is the voice acting. B-quality for sure. But hey, nothing is perfect.If you like 1st-person shooters set in a Sci-Fi environment, this game is for you. On sale or not."
,Recommended,407810,35091914,Posted: 20 September,all,Beyond the Grave,"This is a solid first person shooter that attempts to be a throwback.  I don't think it is as much of a throwback as it wants to be, it's fun at times but it has some of the most infuriating habits I've ever seen.  Charging exploding enemies in tight hallways, charging enemies that take chunks of your health in tight halls.  It can be very aggravating even with the difficulty toned down from the original release.  Still a lot of fun towards the end, those last few levels are truly fantastic, and a few great boss fights too."
76561197965208477,Recommended,407810,35183001,Posted: 24 September,all,duca . +No²]34cK > erf,"Très bon jeu. Shooter basique dont le gameplay m'a rappelé DOOM (le premier) ou Quake (4), même si le contexte est très différent (ici, nous sommes en plein steampunk bien crade et destroy) et les graphismes (Redux) de très bonne qualité. Je parle du gameplay. Très fluide (pourtant je joue avec une suface book), très fun, le bon shooter qui défoule pour quelques minutes (ou plus si affinités) ; je me suis retrouvé à sauvegarder toutes les deux minutes, comme au bon vieux temps. C'est beaucoup plus simple que les triples A du moment (par exemple, les cinématiques entre les tableaux sont en mode BD) mais tout aussi efficace. En plus, je trouve les graphisme beaux. Bon aller, je continue le jeu."
,Recommended,407810,35281405,Posted: 28 September,all,President Pariah,"It's basically a cyberpunk version of Painkiller, or Painkiller is a horror version of Hard Reset. It's solid, fairly short and just feels good to play. Not much variety to what you do but the game is usually only a few $ during sales. It's worth it."
76561197975116190,Recommended,407810,35193285,Posted: 24 September,all,Sturm,"Old school without overly relying on nostalgia. Well paced, attractive visually, and I'm a fan of touches like the weapon upgrades. I like the level scoring, for those who enjoy trying to improve their score. Plus, lots of explosions. Great value at $4.99."
76561197991756982,Recommended,407810,35400178,Posted: 1 October,all,CerealKiller,"This game was worth all $5 I paid for it. It's a pretty short 1st person shooter with some varied weapon options. They're all fun to play with and have their own playstyles to make them work. Personally I went Shotgun and RPG pretty much the whole way.It's fun. It plays well. It has good mechanics and not a lot of glitches. I think the only bad part is if you're playing it for the story, be prepared to be disappointed. Then again, after all the cool explosions who would care about a story?"
76561198029142433,Not Recommended,407810,35476278,Posted: 4 October,all,Boz Bozman,"The story is vague, stupid, and hard to follow. The gameplay is very unsatisfying - it never feels like you're shooting something, just that you're clicking at things and eventually they die. Enemies are very repetitive.Skip this game."
