user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,407840,24098078,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Skuly,"I put in almost 250 hours in less than a month, I got all 8 Characters to level 50 in about 2 weeks which is the max level.I grinded way too many hours in a day.  And as an Early Access game there wasn't much to do but grind the 2 game modes with the same maps  over and over, just killing waves of Dino's. And i dealt with many annoying bugs.One day I was playing on a Survival mode server, Survival mode is where you kill a large wave of Dino's and the next wave difficulty increases. The game ends if the Dino's damage the ""Harvester"" and you don't heal it back to full hp within 2 minutes, at 0:00 it's game is over.Well the server got bugged and the game wouldn't end, this had happened once before, 10 days earlier and I left the server and reported it on Steam. This time I developed an uncontrollable urge to see how far I could go, I had hoped to make it to wave 50 and quit.I ended up spending 11 hours on the server while many other players came and went. By wave 60 I was dead tired and decided to finally give up. I am not going to argue that I wasn't exploiting a bug, but I didn't really feel bad because in survival you don't really get gear drops and I was max level so I didn't get XP either.I also told people on Discord channel that my server bugged.So I get called out on the Steam Discussion and everyone that I hadn't already told, gets told I was ""exploiting"" a server bug. People look at me as if I was just some cheater who got ""caught"". And people started making claims and spreading lies.I get accused by the Dev of leveling my Characters to 50 too fast. He claimed he as a Dev has tools to cheat and he can't level that fast or some nonsense.People called him on his BS but others supported his claim that I somehow cheated to gain all my levels, anyway he wiped all my characters back to level 1.I felt the punishment was too much but mostly i didn't appreciate being accused of not earning all my levels.I continued to support this game, I had no intention of playing but i wanted to support the game and the community.Which seems to be a strange notion to some people, Iv'e stuck around game communities while I have quit/taken long breaks before.A few days later Activision claimed stolen assets were used in the game. I continued to support the Dev and the Game and spoke out in support.He created an Indigogo Campaign and offered the Elite pack to anyone who Contributed $25.I contributed and figured once I got Elite I'd come back to the game.That might be enough for me to start all over.After days of promises of keys being sent out he gave everyone a refund but no keys. I have lost all faith in this game and the Dev.I have taken down all my Video guides and edited a thread I had made in another games forum where I urged people to buy this game.So I do NOT recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,407840,24020881,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ShadowYogger,"""The Orion Project is a living, breathing and Persistent Universe allowing for you to travel the Galaxy and experience Open World Gameplay like never before!""The above is NOT what this game is. You load the game up and walk up to a table which opens a server browser where you can pick an instanced match to join with 4 players total. You can play in top down, 3rd, or 1st person. It's a match based arcade style shooter.THIS IS NOT AN AN OPEN PERSISTENT UNIVERSE LIKE THEY SAY IN THE DESCRIPTION."
,Not Recommended,407840,28521136,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,D.Sofren,"This game is a blatant scam.I don't mean thelegit DMCA claimson this game stealing assets from other shooters.I don't mean the blatantinsultsandthreatssome moron lead developer makes on community discussions.I mean the whole game is a scam.$1 is okay for a casual game, even when there's an incredibly cancerous developer behind it. People can buy a game for $1 and not have to care about the game's description being a blatant lie, or the developer making threats to other players (see other reviews) and/or claiming someone hacked his account (but somehow managed to use the same ISP) to say all those things just to cover his backside.But the game isn't $1 anymore. It's $25.Guardians of Orion, a game that claims to be anopen world, explorative MMORPG, is none of these things.Guardians of Orion is a horde-mode game in an instanced setting where you shoot the same 8(?) enemies for 10 (or more) waves, on a smallish map that is not at all connected to any other map, about 90% of the time by yourself (since multiplayer, ironically, has no dedicated servers and severe connection issues). It is the very opposite of an MMORPG. At it's core, it's like a sci-fi version of ""Yet Another Zombie Defense"" (a $2 game, if I remember right that happens to be way more fun), except with 3 types of robot enemies and about 5 dinosaur enemies.We've had this exact issue with 'No Man's Sky,' when their developers lied about the game's features to the community not even a few months ago, andthat ended in a lawsuit.I hope for any steam user to have the sense to look at these reviews before blindly buying this game. I bought it back when it was $1 about...a year or so ago. It was boring then, and it's even worse now. It is never going to be worth $25, and even $5 is too much.This game is no longer in Early Access, and the ""finished product"" is nothing like the description. There is no acceptable reason for this game to be marketed as it currently is.You're looking at a game that shouldn't legally be published.Edit: Added some links and clarification."
76561197966546346,Not Recommended,407840,27118091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Snot Lantern,"The game is fun. I won't lie about that.The community though... I guess that's what the game within a game nomination they want is about.The community feels like a North Korea simulation. You, as lowly peons, go about your daily lives, constantly being fed propaganda about what is coming, knowing full well it's never gonna happen.You get new instructions on what's happening, learn to live with it, and then the NEW five year plan is revealed, completely superceding everything you've been told.If stuff is needed, it gets stolen from other countries (the assets from CoD).Then there's the demand for the new tax (the kickstarter campaign) or the country will be shut down.All the time you go about not talking too loudly in case the heavenly leader / head dev overhears you. If he's on the downward end of his pipolar cycle, you get banned so fast it sizzles. I can't tell you how many people I've seen disappear over the last year I've played this game.Conclusion, fun game, dying fast, toxic developer.A damn shame.Should this change, I'll be happy to eat my words and re-review. As it is, this is the lay of the land. (North Korean countryside)Addendum: So, someone said I should update this after the new 2.0 happened. Sure.Still a fun game, with a few caveats: they stole just over 400 hours of invested gametime with a full complement of lvl 50 chars and so on, promised we would be compensated for this reset. I have yet to see this compensation, and many with me.The reset was supposed to adress a big bug: probably did, but 2.0 added so many bugs an exterminator would suffer stress related illness trying to get rid of them.And a level requirement was added to all items, making every new char I start to level a start from scratch unless I have an enormous inventory. No more using my great items from the max level guardian when I start levelling a new one.So, all progress gone, and regaining that progress now even harder. Way to go developers, you made it even harder for me to give a great review, much less finding a reason to continue playing."
,Not Recommended,407840,30170672,Posted: 25 February,all,Longpig,"I used to be all for this game, it was being developed at a nice rate and there was all kinds of interesting stuff to look forward to in the future like an open world and things.But now it's just a mess. Even if you look at the pricing you get an idea that they don't know what they are doing, was 20 dollars, no now 1, no now free, no now 20 again, no wait back to 1 ... each time messing around with what people had. I was initially worrried  when there were design decision that the community wasn't into that were just discarded in an offhand manner telling us they'd make sense later, well it's been later and they still don't. Remember that open world I mentioned? It got pushed back adn there's no sign of it now, good thing they are talking about adding in pokemon kinda pets and things (though maybe that's not happening either now). It's just a mess.The final straw for me was when one person discovered some sort of exploit to get free cash shop money. Their response? Reset everyone's accounts. We were supposed to be getting some rewards based on certain milestones (kills, waves gotten to in survival, etc). By now you can guess what happened. That scorecard came out with 0s on it for most people, they've not acknowledged that at all, but are just giving a little bit of free stuff to everyone, which in no way fixes things especially for those of us who put hundreds of hours into teh game.I really can't imagine this game continuing on for long, and with all my guardians now reset to 0 I just have 0 incentive to play the same repetitious content that we've had since the beginning and I really couldn't recommend this game to anyone (which is a shame as I used to have a glowing review of it on here)."
,Not Recommended,407840,28524586,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,IDNoise,"- It's not a MMORPG and it's not openworld as it was stated before, just instanced hoarde mode matches (coop) or pvp, didn't play pvp\dogfight.- There is no exploration, only ability to enter empty maps you can walk around doing nothing.- 10 classes with 1 bound primary weapon\grenade and skill. 3 secondary weapons for all. Wanna use different weapon, level up guaridian with different weapon to lvl 50 first, lvl 40 for grenade. (before 2.0 you had alt lest 2 loadouts per class with different primary\secondary)- Skill trees are... copy paste, there are 3 categories of ~15+ skills and only 3rd category has 5-6 unique skills per guardian, affecting it's ability.- Maps are flat, with randomly placed rocks\trees\etc.- Bullet spongy enemies that makes shooting not fun, you just go up on a rock (where almost none of enemies cant hit you or run\blink around shooting 1 big dino for 1-3 mins.- Stupid voice phrases your character gonna say every minute like ""loot at me go"" or notifying about spawned big dino (like you are blind and don't see it), you gonna hate this♥♥♥♥♥♥in no time, at least there is separate sound slider for this.- Crafting is boring, you have ton's of different components and 90% of them u gonna use just to get better version of it, like weak scrap -> scrap -> great scrap, and great scrap is a component for item\box, same for other components. And you can't grind material you need, it's random drop. Also crafted  item level bound to average of all items you have equipped, so it makes sense to craft only items you have with lvl < avg to increase avg to craft again, if all items have same lvl, go farm items in battle again.- one button to rule them all. ""R"" is for: ready up for next wave, revive ally, special attack for new melee guardian. Most funny when you wanna revive ally and insteady ready up for next wave you are not prepared and this is very annoying and happens a lot :)- Side objectives are like common waves just random selection of 5-7 different enemy spawn setups, like all flying, trex+raptors, tryke+raptors, all robots...All this hype around 2.0 was one big joke with lot's of bugs and very low amount of changes. It's still feels like alpha. They even removed 1 of 2 coop modes - survival that was good for component farming.They have tried to put too much different features but none of them was finished and polished properly and features don't have good synergy.For 1-5$ is max price, when they gonna add campaign, fix bugs 10$ gonna be ok price, but definitely not 25$, for 25 go take killing floor if you are interested in hoarde mode coop gameplay.For my friends - don't suggest to buy. For others - it's your money, do whatever you want :)"
76561198271352455,Not Recommended,407840,29698411,Posted: 4 February,all,andymc2045,"over 400 hr's in this game so why am i voting it down, good question... I must have been mad thinking thinking this dev would or could pull this off... I always gave him the benefit of the doubt. I used to think this guy was just really unlucky, but I like many others learned the hard way.. noone can be that unlucky.  Time and time again he would go and do something even more stupider than the last, looking back it's as if he single handedly tries to destroy the game at every turn...Final straw came December 2016 when they prematurely came out of early access, breaking the game and then promtly dissapeared whilst ramping up the price from $1 to what it is now. They wiped every ones progress and secretly implemented a buy-to-NOT-level-up again system, and then had the cheek to say we all needed our progress to be wiped because one person had been caught hacking currency... Sooo, the buy-to-NOT-level-up again system was just a coincedence was it? PFFT  I mean come on did you really think we were going to believe that!!! I really cannot believe they thought we were ALL that stupid...  I'm suprised you didn't blame the Russians lol... oh wait...It is now February 2017, game level mechanics are still broken and even more surprisingly, not a single peep from the dev's.. this can mean only one thing and that my worst fears have been realised.. The cash cow has come home to roost and the dev's plan to move onto other things....If I'm wrong then I will be the first to take this bad review down and replace it... but untill then.."
,Not Recommended,407840,24786060,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,kc01,"*READ UNTILL END*First off, let me tell you, it's not a bad game. The reason I am giving this product a negative review is because it's of the way the developer acts and the things he does.I am sad I gave David Prassel any of my money.https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/4q6xo5/activisions_dmca_claim_on_orion_is_legit_orions/http://www.gatheryourparty.com/2012/05/04/orion-employee-beatdown/and even all the way back 5 years ago this happenedhttps://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/g2sol/david_prassel_creator_of_orion_prelude_receives/Now a couple things I've experienced my self:-The ""Elite"" package was supposed to be 50% off for founders, forever. So if you couldn't buy it right away, you could later when you had some money. But interestingly, now the Elite package has shot back up to $100.-They wait till they've raked in all the money they can, then they make their game F2Phttp://steamcommunity.com/app/407840/discussions/0/351660338714684747/They even tried reviving their old gamehttp://steamcommunity.com/games/104900/announcements/detail/845934212532972448(also I noticed in Orion: Prelude, when I used to play it ages ago, there was no in game store. Then earlier this year I noticed one was implomented, so clearly this is a move to make money. The game also recently recieved a 1.2gb update which I have tried out and it seems to change nothing, so it's probably to remind people the game exists.And what do the people who already paid good money for it receive?♥♥♥♥♥♥all.Don't buy this game. Don't support this developer. If you really want to play it, it's going F2P anyway.Well if you did manage to read this, please spread the word. There's a high chance I'm going to be banned so David can censor my opinion. Just like how he constantly changes the games name so all the people who posted stuff elsewhere about how bad it is have a lower chance of the people reading it to find it.Also, have a read of this:http://www.thejimquisition.com/trek-versus-activision-how-orion-went-from-victim-to-villain-in-one-night/"
,Not Recommended,407840,26475562,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Meowton,Give your 1$ to homeless guy. his smile is worth than this game.
,Not Recommended,407840,23961630,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sho,"This is really more of a warning than a review. This game recently got hit with a copyright claim from Activision. It was something about they stole assets from CoD: Black Ops 3. After some looking all I really found to support this washttp://imgur.com/a/ua3NcHowever I came across an article and a Reddit post saying that David Prassel the creator of this game was supposedly in a $20,000 kickstarter scam and then fired his team without warning.https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/g2sol/david_prassel_creator_of_orion_prelude_receives/http://www.gatheryourparty.com/2012/05/04/orion-employee-beatdown/All of this was a few years ago and during the devlopment of ""Orion: Prelude"". And whether any of this Is true I don't know. Do with this infromation what you please. The game is just 0.49 cents(during the summer sale) and you might not even care. The game was fun when you got to wave 5 and it gave alot of options for how you can play the game. The graphics were also nice.Update: The plot thickens.https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/4q77rg/psa_the_developers_behind_the_orion_project_have/http://www.thejimquisition.com/trek-versus-activision-how-orion-went-from-victim-to-villain-in-one-night/https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/4q6xo5/activisions_dmca_claim_on_orion_is_legit_orions/(Thanks Yeti for the link)This game was also $20 and has been renamed from it's former title Guardians of Orionhttps://web.archive.org/web/20151202150837/http://store.steampowered.com/app/407840/It's also going free to play in August, so I would wait until then if you really want to play this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woVwB0Zps7w"
,Not Recommended,407840,28628337,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DreadlordKai,"Fun game, horrible horrible HORRIBLE dev. bought this for 1$ now all of a sudden its 25$, the 100$ DLC really barely adds anything to the game, definitely nothing worth 100$, multiple resets to currency have been issued despite saying that progress wont be lost, well, its all gone. Dev constantly changes his ideas, bans anyone who disagrees, several blantant assest stealing incidents where he tried to convince us all that it wasnt him it was his designers. This game had potenial, just like ORION: Prelude had potential, after hes done scamming us and the game starts to fail he'll just rename it add a bunch of stuff, charge alot more, and the cycle continues with a fresh batch of scammed gamers. Don't get me wrong i had fun in the previous game but this is a laughable joke, they don't care, Dev just wants your money, plays the pity card, thinks he's a gaming Messisah, just stay away from David Prassel. This really sucks i can't recoomend this game, i even used to belive the dev on his lies but hes just gone too far recently and now everyones catching on to his schemes.TLDRDev is horrible, play anything else instead."
76561198117491044,Not Recommended,407840,26304153,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mr_Jolly,"update : GAME IS BROKENgame cannot even connect online now , this says it all reallyalso game limped out of early acess to a broken disaster patch and a robbery of the players as the developer stole all the in game $ equivilent currency from everyones accounts despite saying it wouldnt happen in EA oh and reset all the horrible grind progress we made to level 1 againand says he might do it again...if a guy says he wont then does, what do u think it means when he says he might do it again, yep exactlyi hear from some of the people that can connect to the game that after reset u can buy for like 25$ or something a top level guy again HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA i mean really reset then sell them what u just stole from them :D------------------------------------tldr : lies, going free to play pay to win, threatens u must give to kickstarter or he abandons the gamewont give him a penny of my money ever again------cannot remember the last time i was told just so many liesfeel completely ripped off and trickedafter miselling the game the dev then unveiled his secret plan and started transforming the game into free to play pay to win trashthe game was for a very short time fun to play but its now absolutely horrible to play (even with max level chars and gear)everything is nerfed for the future pay to win garbagespetacular 50$ charge to go from inventory space of 100 to 200 !inventory space is a joke and ruins the game for you, and this cost is the same price u can buy starcitizen for !made all sorts of promises that he now trying to reverse and extort money from aome kickstarter he thinks he is entitled to or he will abandoun the game !well i already gave up on it for now as the f2p horror has ruined the game totally and he writes on his kickstarter he doesnt know why the player numbers crashed and the game died..... well the players told him (400+simultanous players at that point) no f2p noway! and he lies on about listening to the communitywell we all told him no f2p/p2w and he just said shut upand he ruined teh ingame blink mechanism and again told a large complaint group to shut up he was making a game for him and he didnt care what they thought..... lol then i pointed out the lie he tells in the store page and then he promised that he will allow us to choose if we want to blink or not.... wow big deal, and he didnt even do it right away just left it brokenlike the inventory system he left broken for MONTHSi mean how do u fail to make a working inventory system its like a school weekend project!oh and then there was the whole stolen content scandal that got his game removed from steam!and then he has done it again and there is such content in the game reported to him months ago... yep still there!oh and the game performance is horrible on i7 4770K + nvidia gtx 970"
,Not Recommended,407840,31959026,Posted: 25 May,all,Acid Torture,"Great idea, but the developers were always all over the place, changing systems and introducing new content that was poorly planned or executed. Great for a dollar, but only for a dollar.  I cannot recommend this title, however, as it is mostly incomplete due to developers biting off more than they could chew.EDIT:To clarify, development on this title has ceased. No more content will be added, and no new maintenance patches will be available.As it stands, animations are shoddy, audio is shoddy, weapons are broken (only weapon worth using is the magnum secondary), difficulty scaling is insane, and optimization is pretty bad on some maps."
76561197967635128,Not Recommended,407840,28545524,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Abrax,"I got Orion: Dino Horde on a Steam summer sale, got the 4 pack for $4.49. Handed out 3 copies to friends and easily got the best value for my four fiddy I could have possibly imagined. The game was just simply fun. Huge maps, vehicles, tons of guns, waves of dinosaurs to slaughter. Nothing fancy and more than a few bugs, but it was an overall enjoyable game.And then there's this. This... garbage. As I recall, I got this game in very, very early access and I've been waiting for it get more polished and playable. And it is playable. It's just not worth playing. Of the enjoyable things I mentioned above, the only thing that made it into this game is the waves of dinosaurs. The maps are comically tiny, the graphics are barely better, there are no vehicles, you start out with 1 primary weapond and a pistol. And instead of defending bases against hordes of dinosaurs, you're following around a f*cking tiberium harvester (YOU ALL KNOW THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT THE F*CKING THING IS!) while it mines some sh*tty currency and presumably you use that to craft sh*t in your moon base.So basically they took what was a really fun co-op wave defense game with jet packs, rocket launchers, sniper rifles, tanks, and mother f*cking T-Rex's and tried to make it into some sh*tty half-baked MMO-lite garbage.To be fair, I'll review it on what it's ""meant to be"". It runs like sh*t on my i5-6600k, 16 gb of DDR4 and 980Ti. The maps are tiny and look like♥♥♥♥♥ The gunplay is absymal. The dinosaur models are crap. I picked up about 20 different kinds of material in a couple waves, so I'd wager the crafting system is overly complex and a huge grindfest.TL;DR - I got it for a dollar and I wish I could have my money back. 1/10, would not recommend to people I hated."
,Not Recommended,407840,29009188,Posted: 4 January,all,Fluffanutter,"So I was one of those people who was able to pick up and run the game on the last day of 1.00 pricing and still be eligible for the founder edition. When I was able to access my computer again and booted up the game I see that I have pioneer! Well self I say, no worries I will just shoot them a message and see wha tthey say! So follows the conversation as it unfolded.Fluffanutter<somesomething@gmail.comHello, I am missing my founder status in your game guardians of orion,I checked my purchase history and I was logged in and playing on thelast day. I even remember purchasing and have records of thetransaction for two more purchases for friends to give them a chanceto play the game and get founder as well. Could you please rectifythis for me? This is the account I use for steam could you pleaseaddress this for me?Respectfully,Fluffanutter----------------David Prassel<Something@trek-industries.com>12/22/16 (13 days ago)to meHi Fluffanutter,We don't see any account names under *something*.  Please review and advise and we can look into this for you.----------------Fluffanutter<somesomething@gmail.com>12/22/16 (13 days ago)to DavidHello David!The name it shows in the upper left of my screen is *accountname* if that isof any help?Respectfully,Fluffanutter-------------------David PrasselAttachments12/27/16 (8 days ago)to meHey Fluffanutter,Your account was first synced on May 3rd, 2016.  Unfortunately you needed to be in on or by May 2nd, 2016.  The closest edition to the non-available Founder Edition IS the Elite Edition which is participating in the Steam Winter Sale right now:http://store.steampowered.com/app/493610/---------------------------Now at this point Mr. Prassel did supply a screen shot showing what I was told things looked like on their end. Yet I had reciepts showing that that was incorrect! Not a problem I think, let me just send them a copy of the reciepts!---------------------------Fluffanutter<somesomething@gmail.com>Attachments12/29/16 (6 days ago)to DavidHi David!I want to say thank you for getting back to me, but I have to ask youwhat time zone you are checking that based on, since here is a screenshot showing I purchased the game and was playing on the second.Respectfully,Fluffanutter----------------------------David Prassel12/29/16 (6 days ago)to meAll time zones are Steam time zones, US Pacific.  It's also not based on purchase but when you had created your ingame account which syncs to all rewards.-----------------------------You know, I can almost understand that, though if a customer is able to provide proof of making a purchase within a promotional period I would think that you would want to build rapport with your customer base by helping them out?-----------------------------Fluffanutter<something@gmail.com>12/29/16 (6 days ago)to DavidHey David!Can you explain to me then why I would wait over a day to start up andcreate an account when you had it listed on your page that only thosewho logged in by the second would be getting founders status? It wasright there on the steam splash page that the second was the last dayto log in and get those rewards, and I have provided you with safeproof that yes I was within that window.Respectfully,FluffanutterOn Thu, Dec 29, 2016 at 7:58 PM, David PrasselFluffanutter<something@gmail.com>Attachments12/29/16 (6 days ago)to DavidHello David!It appears this did not attach as it was intended to, this is from myactivation's page as you can see the game was active and running onthe 2nd of May.Reaspectfully as Always,Fluffanutter----------------------------------So, as you can see they care nothing about their fanbase, and are not going to do anything besides try to bilk you for more money even when you provide proof that you took the actions they required of you to recieve a promotion.TL;DR This company cares nothing for their fans, has already been lit up once for stealing assets from other games and will try to steal money from those who play their game.Respectfully,Fluffanutter"
,Not Recommended,407840,28337707,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Cheridan,"Orion: Prelude, this developer's ""other"" game, was a fun and goofy budget-priced window into a world of shooting dinosaurs in the face. Being a fan of top-down shooters, I was excited for the company's next title, Guardians of Orion. Before long, however, they introduced first person mode. Of course, that perspective is mechanically better since you can see further than the edge of your screen... so the game is now a first-person shooter. On the store page, they describe the game as a MMORPG, which is a flat-out lie. Far from Massive, you begin in a tiny social lobby area, and then you use a server browser to join a map where the shooting portion happens.So... It's a game that used to be a top-down shooter, turned FPS, pretending to be an MMO. I'm frankly not sure what this game is even trying to be, and I'm convinced that the developers don't know either, considering that the next big thing on their agenda is the tangential addition of PVP spaceship dogfights (and considering the fact that they changed the game's name 3 times).On top of the title's lack of developmental direction is a heap of optimization issues that begs the question, ""Why does a $1 bargain bin game need a high-end gaming rig to run?""Maybe, eventually, the confused awkward game that is The Orion Project or (Guardians of Orion or WHATEVER its name is) will like its predecessor stumble blindly into noteworthiness. Until that day, purchasing this is less like buying a game, and more like saying, ""I bet you $1 this game will be good!"""
76561197961553314,Not Recommended,407840,28360827,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dead Cow,"Good game, very fun to play with friends. Unfortunately its terribly optimized. It will literally take about 3-5 mins just to open the game and good luck getting into an online game. Disconnects are frequent and freezing every few seconds has become part of the game apparently.It also doesnt help that this game and company has been involved with some very shaddy business.Simply cant recommend it in its current state."
,Not Recommended,407840,34052875,Posted: 5 August,all,VeritasQuo,"I really got sucked into the enthusiasm that this indie dev team generates, but there are several basic problems with this game that prevent it from being fully realized. The long and short of it - I believe it's spread too thin.By that I mean the devs have spread it too thin. The scope is far too wide, to where the basic problems with the foundation have not been repaired. There's still much work to be done on the core gamemode (Harvest) before branching out and ""reaching for the stars"" by introducing new content such as the Dogfight gamemode and dozens of new maps. Basic gameplay features (like missing enemy hit noises, unplayably laggy servers, grindy leveling mechanics, and cluttered menus, for example) are unfinished and these cracks in the foundation should be filled in before the devs continue to build outward.Additionally, the devs have discussed how they couldn't continue development and considered the game (in its very unfinished state) ""complete"", as they could no longer continue work on it. I don't blame them, money is money, but if they remained hyper-focused on their core game, they could have had a strong, sellable base game instead of building outward for a project that they would simply need to abandon. While the team has appeared to resume work on the project, it's shaken the community's faith. We know that development of the game could stop at any moment.All of this is not to say that great work hasn't already been put into this game. You still have to give credit where credit is due - beautiful aesthetics and great marketing campaign. Unfortunately, I believe that this wears off quickly and is eventually dwarfed by the larger, more basic problems at the game's core.At present, I can't recommend this game, but I look forward to changing this review in the future as the game develops."
,Not Recommended,407840,34248160,Posted: 14 August,all,Wayren,"This ""game"" is absolutely awful. Paid content doesn't stick around after character wipes or restarts or whatever the developer calls them. No compensation or these free packs I've heard handed out. Back at level 0 going through the tutorial again. Listen, this isn't a game. This isn't half a game. Hell, this is barely 1/4 of a game. The fact that there are SO MANY OPTIONS for you to spend MORE money in and on the game while the entirety of it is a broken pile of random game elements is outright insulting at this point. Avoid this. Tell your friends to avoid it. Help me crowdfund a billboard or something to avoid it. This 'thing' is not even worth your $.99."
,Not Recommended,407840,26647738,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,XenovuzXapter,"Introduction: Guardians of Orion or also previously known as just ""Orion"" and also ""The Orion project"" is a pretty interesting and ambitious game which will probably include everything from PvP and PvE to space and planet exploration in the form of individual modules. As of writing this the PvP module is the latest module which was added besides the PvE module which existed for a while.So besides the PvP module at the moment this game is pretty much like Orion Prelude (developed by the same developers) remastered in Unreal Engine 4 except that this game features more guardians or classes with more to be added but at the same moment it is missing vehicles which might be added at some point. Now I will mention regarding the various gameplay aspects.Perspective: One relatively unique feature of this game is that you can switch between first person, third person and top down view. Aim down sights for first person mode will probably be added soon. There are some advantages and disadvantages for each of them so no mode is useless in my opinion. The developers might make changes  occasionally based on suggestions.Guardians: Currently there are 8 Guardians in the game with around 12 more planned according to the plan. Besides the Assault, Support and Recon you have Marksman, Pyro, Tech, Grenadier and Rocketeer guardian. Though they are keen to balance all of them as suggestions come and go overall the balance is quite good in my opinion.Each one of them excels in various roles in the PvE mode like the Marksman, Grenadier and Rocketeer can deal a relatively large amount of damage to large dinosaurs in a short time though it can vary depending on the equipped augments (more on that later) but that doesn't mean the other Guardians are handicapped against the big dinos, they can still handle them but might just take little longer to kill them. For mid range combat Pyro is quite good with its shotguns. For melee Recon is best and for an Orb build the Assault class is the way to go. Tech is great for additional fire power while Support helps keep your team mates up while providing suppresion.The skill tree for each guardian has various perks which you gain as your Guardian levels up. Personally I feel the current skill tree having some exclusive perks for each Guardian is okay however it should be reviewed. More diversifications would be welcome while keeping the total number of perks same which is 50 at the moment.Another issue in my opinion currently is that each Guardian has only 2 weapon loadout options and some classes like Pyro and Support having only Shotguns to choose from. They might soon change this based on suggestions from other players though.Customization: Guardian and weapon customization works fine except a few visual glitches. You choose from more than dozen armour pieces for the chest, hands, legs and helmets etc.For weapons currently you can only change the color but according to the plans more customization options like attachments can be expected in future along with more guardian customizations like voice packs. Overall nothing to complain in this regard.Augments and Crafting: Augments are attachments which boost your Guardians weapons offensive and armours defensive capability. Legendary augments also give you a bonus perk and there are currently three exclusive legendary ability augments for each guardian which can boost your Guardians capability significantly.Overall crafting needs to be reviewed as currently besides crafting legendary augments I hardly find the need to craft anything else.Maps: Currently there are about a dozen maps if we include both the PvE and PvP specific maps.The PvE maps look nice but currently they lack varied terrain, obstacles and vegetation in my opinion. Some of the maps have weather effect like snow and rain and it does look cool however in my opinion if you could have an option to enable them on the other maps too it would be great.Community: The playerbase of the game has reduced significantly since July 2016 and at the moment you can hardly find more than 20 players online at the same time except for weekends. And in my opinion it not only bores the players who have been playing for a while but also prevents new players from learning the game or seeking helping. There are plans to introduce steam achievements sometime next year I guess which I believe might help to gain some new players who love playing games for achievements.DLC: There is $100 cosmetic DLC called the 'Elite Pack' available (price depends on your region). It currently features some exclusive armour pieces, pet and some bonus trek coins and ion after you purchase. So mostly it is intended to support the developers. I own it and currently I don't think it is worth it at the moment however as they add more planned exclusive cosmetic items I guess it might be in the future.Conclusion: Overall after playing this for around six months it was a quite good experience with the community even though almost none of them play now. Regarding the game the amount of content currently available is 'enjoyable' for a while in my opinion but soon you lose interest as there isn't anything much to do than grind and level up your Guardians currently. And the boredom just multiplies when I'm playing alone most of the times as this game is supposed to be a co op based game and I mostly prefer to play the PvE modes.To sum it up currently I can't recommend this game to new players at the moment as the playerbase is too low to enjoy the game properly in my opinion. However it might be a good idea to just purchase it for the while if you are an optimistic person and try later as a major update for the game is coming around December 20th as it comes out of Early Access after a year of release."
,Recommended,407840,23031749,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,frozen shogun,dat moment when a $1 game has more content than a $60 one
,Recommended,407840,22615262,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,MaZaKaS,"How to be a founder:<spend 1$>Would found againEdit: 03/05/2016The founder edition ends today, but still this is a great game and has a promising future ahead, one of the best community listening devs and really commited to make this a great game, from the creators of Orion - Prelude, founder or no founder edition, this game will be worth it, 1$ or 10$ ;)"
,Recommended,407840,23548686,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,naomha,"Bought a 4 pack for me and my kids. For less than $4 I got a game we all enjoy playing co-op together with. It's dinosaurs, gun, upgrades, skills and plenty to do and plenty of game left in development and coming forward soon. Can't think of any ""Early Access"" game I've bought prior that 1. didn't burn me and 2. was as fun as this game is only half finished. In all seriousness, if you have kids, say, between 8-25, that love to co-op with ya, this game is a better choice than many full finished games on the market already. Easily worth every penny. Easily."
,Recommended,407840,23340827,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Sergeant Irish | Tombstone 3,"[Pre-Incident Review]a $1 game, with more content than some $60 game (you know which one i'm talking about), with regular updates, and continuous support by the developers, its currently in update v1.4 which supports Tps viewpoint, a new map, and some optimization, but by the time anyone read this, it should be in v1.5 or higher, Its a massive improvement from Orion: Prelude, Graphics have been improved, gameplay, movement, the Dinosaur AI, and its only $1this game is so cheap it should be considered a crime[Post Incident Review]Well not to say that my previous statement towards the game is completely invalid right now, but that problem with activision certainly made me learn a few things, first is that you're not supposed to search for BBC in google image search, and second is that Trek industries may or may not have commited some shady behaviour in their past, being someone who have a history of being absolutely cynical towards early access indie games, i can't help but think twice about defending Orion and trek anymore, from this point on, i shall review every game from a neutral viewpoint, and not base my point solely on the developer's statement, (or something that i like to call ""the peter molyneux syndrome""), well that's about it, still a really enjoyable game, a bit repetitive, really early in development, play it if you like, dump it if you don't"
,Recommended,407840,21015033,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sneezing Chinese Cartoon Girl,"Originally I bought this game when it was $20 USD and I refunded it because at the time it was hard to justify that price tag for what the current state of the game is.I thought (and still do) think it is a good game, but again for $20 there's a lot of good and even great games out there that you could get for that price and well below.But at $2 a pop? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?I bought one copy for myself and five other copies to gift to my friends, at $2 a copy this game is worth it on every level.For $2 this is a steal, I almost feel bad for getting this game for this price because on a graphical level it's beautiful, it runs moderately well and it's a fun game with some new ideas.The music is absolutely kick♥♥♥♥♥ at the current price point at this time ($2) this is robbery and I recommend this game to anyone at that price point."
76561198042437401,Not Recommended,407840,30545836,Posted: 16 March,all,OwenTG4242,"What started off as a fun 99 cent 4 person arcade game that was fun to play with friends for the lolz has turned into a severely broken and half baked frankenstein of a game riddled with inflated price tags, microtransactions, and broken promises. The developer started off decent promising a cheap and fun game that would slowly evolve into an openworld star citizen esque game. It has not. Imediately after initial sales rose an elite edition was released (which containsed only a few aesthetic garbs) and the price was jacked to something expected of an aging AAA game. Not an in-development indie title. Did I mention in development? This game has been floating around Dev purgatiory from its release with only the original arcade style game mode and a few slightly diferent arcade style game modes released since. This is after months upon months of missed deadlines for gamemodes like mech combat and open world. not only has it failed to progress as a game but also it has killed player progress as, if you were a week one person like me and log on again, you will find that your long ground out inventory and character levels will be reset to zero. Sorry if you spent any of your limmited ""Legacy player"" reward cash on loot boxes.TL:DRIf you bought this back when it was 99 cents, good for you. might as well see where this goes. If you are looking at the 20+ USD price now as a potential player, GTFO. Run. You'd be better playing CS:GO."
,Not Recommended,407840,28859785,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,White_Noise,"David Prassel (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who runs Trek) fired his staff and ran off with $20,000 on kickstarter claiming that it ""failed"". This was just before he launched one of his games ""Orion: Dino Beatdown""...More like ""Orion: Employee Beatdown"".Then, they copied assets and got pissy by making minimal changes and re-realeasing ""Orion: Dino Horde"". This gave them a chance to get a 2nd Metacritic page and scam people by selling literally the same game but with minimalistic changes because Prassel is an unoriginal idiot who can't come up with anything on his own.To go a step further, they released this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Guardians Of Orion.The servers crash often, and are often down for multiple hours at a time. No explanation why, nobody on the dev team cares. Then, they blame ONE PERSON...O N EP E R S O Nfor stealing ""Trek"", a form of premium currency which you have to buy with real cash.So what do they do? SIMPLE!...THEY RESET EVERYBODY'S PROGRESS AND EFFECTIVELY WASTED PEOPLE'S CASH BY NOT GIVING COMPENSATION.So because one person stole ""Trek""... A currency used forCOSMETICS AND NON-GAME BOOSTING ITEMS... We all have to pay the price. Everyone that bought this game...EVERYONE.On top of all that, they ripped guns from Call Of Duty and merged them together to create their guns. They even got a DMCA from Activision and tried playing the victim. They released altered screenshots that tried hiding the similarities in the guns (changing colors, quality of pictures, etc.) when all you had to do was go in game and screenshot them yourself. Then they tried blaming steam and petitioning them. Then David made a gofundme to ""support game developers who support their fans."" when $1,515 of the cash was from TREK INDUSTRIES THEMSELVES.TL:DR, ♥♥♥♥ David Prassel and any of these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who think they're smart over at Trek. I'm glad you're not able to continue making ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing games."
,Not Recommended,407840,29340711,Posted: 18 January,all,𝓽𝓸𝓪𝓼𝓽𝔂𝓼𝓾𝓷𝓵𝓲𝓰𝓱𝓽,1 dollar to C$27.99? ♥♥♥♥ this
76561198044813591,Not Recommended,407840,29413875,Posted: 21 January,all,Roxomoxoa,I felt like a fool for buying this game for a dollar.  I'm sorry if you bought this for 25.
76561198071882137,Recommended,407840,23162005,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,EXON_Bart,"The Orion Project is in my opinion the best 0.99€ game on steam. Why?-The game is getting a lot of updates, adding a lot of stuff in-It has the best community i have ever seen-It also has the best developer team i have ever seen-It has great gameplay-There is no content hidden behind pay walls-It's only 0.99€"
,Recommended,407840,22804344,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Veadikod,"So i saw people posting negative reviews only to make the game look bad. Ex: I don't like it , You can't jump or This game is only top-down,are you for real? ...(shame on you people).-This is an Early Access Game---> People are complaining that this game doesn't have First Person camera..Yes it doesn't have YET because the game is STILL in DEVELOPMENT this is what Early Access means.-At a price for 1$/€ is the best buy you will ever see now and in the future.I can talk all day about how these people try to ruin such an promising game only for the sake of posting a review or because of hate but i try to be decent. :)In my eyes Trek Industries are Survivors and Fighters because i never saw a company to start from scratch to deliver a new game and a good gaming experience. Good Luck and may the force be with you?Oh btw what other game has an T-rex that throws rocks at you? hmm ? Fight me on that!"
76561198057258640,Not Recommended,407840,29178096,Posted: 10 January,all,Chairman Ravage,"I bought this game for a dollar, and returned it. The game runs like crap, the gameplay is boring and generic, and it's just not fun. You're better off getting Dino D-Day if you want to get a first person shooter with dinosaurs. Also they renamed it and raised the price to $25. If it wasn't worth $1, there is no way in hell it's worth $25. Stop making these Orion games. The first one was fun and silly, but these rehashes are stupid and pointless. And that $100 Elite Edition is a straight up scam. I bet within the next 6 months this game will be taken off the steam store, renamed and resold as a ""different"" title. What a joke..."
76561198028739931,Not Recommended,407840,26620065,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,StubbyClaps,"Do not support these devs. They have done nothing but lie through their teeth. Prelude was never finished, and ""Orion"" or ""Orion Project"" were nothing but cash grabs for the company. Orion was stated as being an mmo with a shared universe. It's nothing but a bare-bones wave based survival game with under 10 players per match. Lame-sauce game from a lame-sauce dev. This is whats wrong wtih the gaming community and the whole early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,407840,30254584,Posted: 28 February,all,Tonzzaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,"They wiped all players lvl 50 characters, gears, ions etc etc etc.... Why should we waste our time this game anymore! FDUCK YOU DEVS!"
,Not Recommended,407840,33691724,Posted: 21 July,all,Crom,"MusicIt does a good job at emulating from its inspirations, namely, Halo.CombatClunky. It feels cobbled together and they were done tuning it the moment it managed to actually work, it feels like. It has a warping system which, is such a good idea I hope they put it to good use elsewhere in the future. The PVP modes were fairly well done, once you got used to the warps and the general feel of movement, It actually was really fun. Better then the main content, which was the PVE. It also had a spaceship combat system, which was basic. Enough patience and you learn how to use and abuse it to murder anyone daring to even enter the game. This does not mean the controls were good. The main content, which was supposed to at least be as good as Preludes combat, it halfheartedly gets this done right. Due to their new leveling system, it forced the matches to be shorter and duller. The AI at times would sometimes just stop functioning so you had to painstakingly go to it and kill its braindead♥♥♥♥♥a mile away back at its spawn. They also decided that mixing this with escort missions was a good idea, which is about the next worst thing next to water temples.AESTHETICThere are many items that they lazily imported from Prelude and only god knows where else, which stick out like a sore thumb. However, I do appreciate this at times. I like the idea I can put on a robe and a wizard hat and oh god yes, this is what I have always needed. Most of the items try fairly hard to emulate the halo style, some of which are glaring and obvious, while others are laughably bad attempts. The hubworld is too dark and is far too wide and open to be filled with so much nothing. Any atmosphere it tries to make is ruined when you spend 10 minutes trying to navigate the mess that is the hub map to get to some person you cant possibly care about.ProgressionThey have this lengthy leveling system for various classes, which most of them are just Prelude weaponry which now only they have access too. It seems mixed up well, but overall it feels kind of like they are fishing for your pockets when they ask extra money from you to use a class with weaponry from a previous title.Paid ContentTheir multi pay tiers for the game has no real semblance of reason rhyme or logic, I did not even know steam was capable of being done so horribly wrong with this. You can end up paying for the same content multiple times by accident, not to mention just trying to understand the options is like trying to navigate a labrynth blindfolded while underwater. Worse yet, if you do shell out 60$ for them (which they ironically tell you that they do not condone such from tripe A titles as it is ripping you off) the only content you really get for all that much money is some bland cosmetic gear you will forget about as you discover the wonders of cloaks and wizard hats.SummaryThis is garbage. Prelude was fun garbage, this.. can be, but not nearly as much. Worse yet, I simply cannot reccomend anyone this game as the dev likes giving lawsuit threats to its users and anyone daring to provide evidence of their wrong doings, all of which could vanish if they just man up and admit too it, because everyone is figuring out how complex this copyright♥♥♥♥♥♥really is. But they want to lie to you, silence you and threaten you. The guy behind this even faked that he got hacked after threatening spurious lawsuits and then proved that he wasnt hacked by mistake, because he does not know how the internet works. Extra ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t being that the development for this title has stopped quite some time ago. They promise content in the future but be aware that there is little in the way to be had currently. Stay away from this title, that dollar is better spent on a coffee."
76561198063462140,Not Recommended,407840,34170243,Posted: 11 August,all,16 bit glitch,"good game bad devif they didnt promise everything under the sun like making it open world, never having micro transactions,lots of npcs and making being a founder useless it could have been a ok game for what is was"
,Not Recommended,407840,28885650,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rimelight,"The game was fun for a while but then when you realize it's just repetitive grinding after the first few hours, it's really boring. The first thing I did when I started the game was hop into a Redik 600 server, gathering 1 of each augment until my item level was 600, then crafted and rerolled every piece of augment until I got 1 of everything useful for every guardian and moved certain augments around (such as increased damage to auto-rifles/shotguns and ""this weapon doesn't reload""). The only thing that kept me going was the fact that I wanted to get all my guardians to level 50 and even then, leveling them became a chore. Most of the time, I just didn't want to deal with the game anymore and just found a rock to stand on where the AI seems to bug out and most of the dinosaurs just stare at you as if you're Chris Pratt holding a mouse in front of a pit of velociraptors. Of the 128ish hours I have on this game, a portion was spent looking at the server browser for Redik 600 servers and a giant portion of it was spent sitting on a rock next to the harvester in third person using it's auto-lock on feature to become a turret and mow down ambushing dinos while reviving the harvester whenever it decides to go down. Most of the time, my left hand wasn't even on the keyboard while playing.A lot of what this game is about is stretching the truth. It's like looking at a car ad and the features listed were stuff you'd expect from it like ""four wheels, mirrors, doors, engine."" and then stretches it by saying ""is running, sold as is."" which leaves you wondering if there was something sketchy about it. There is an open world in terms of player hubs, but nothing to really do in these hubs except enter servers, and when you're in game, the ""open world"" is pretty limited to an area that you're allowed to stay in or else you die in 10 seconds. There is a increasing difficulty, as in the dinos don't scale in stats as waves increase, the only increase in difficulty is there will be a few more dinos spawning in the wave and a few more big ones will have a slightly bigger chance of spawning. There are unique augments, resources, and crafting in the game, but most of the time, you'll just be trying to craft that legendary augment for that class you're using but instead get an augment for another class. The game also says there are exclusive dinos that spawn on certain maps but I have never actually seen that happen once as every dino spawns at least once every map. A lot of the features that sound interesting in this game's about section is content that isn't even in the game yet. But I'm not rating the game based on future content, I'm rating it based on current content, which is very little unless you like to be social, but I didn't buy it for a social aspect, I bought it for what it was advertised as, a man vs. dino shooter.Personally, it's not a good game, it's not a bad game either. If you want to go around and shoot dinosaurs, just get Orion Prelude. It's just the same, but with more features. If you want to be social and hang out with people, get this game, or go outside.inb4 ""you got your $1 worth"", ""it's in Early Access"", and ""there's more content later""Edit 1Okay. What the Hell is going on with this game? Why did the title change, yet again, and price jacked from $1 to $25? I thought they were trying to push this game to free2play and now it's $28? It's still the same grindy game where most of the content is ""coming out in the near future"" like anything else that sounds like a good feature but doesn't exist yet. At least Orion Prelude gets to the point and the reason why I bought this game, for the dinosaur shooting, and for $1.Hell, this game is starting to look more and more like Warframe, except without the fast pace gameplay and free to play price tag.Edit 2Did you just ♥♥♥♥ing reset my God damn account because 1 person glitched? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing serious? Just because 1 guy abused your already ♥♥♥♥♥♥ coding and managed to get free currency? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing serious? Sure I ♥♥♥♥ing did absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing nothing to level my characters by sitting on top of rocks and chuck grenades and bullets onto dinos but I'm not willing to sit there for another 120 hours doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥again to get all my ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥back to 50 and I'm sure as hell not going to pay to get my characters to level 50 for free, even if I did, I still need to ♥♥♥♥ing grind back all that gear you wiped from my account. You can take your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Trek Love Package and shove it up your♥♥♥♥♥because it's not worth the time and effort to even redownload your ♥♥♥♥ing poorly optimized game to relevel and regear everything I had."
,Recommended,407840,22572296,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,EpicSauce087,"It is like prelude and then some.  It will soon be way more with open world, mechs, and even more customization/classes."
,Not Recommended,407840,29449165,Posted: 23 January,all,Balaam's ass,"I have NEVER written a review based solely on supporters/players of said game, but in this case I'm making an exception.  This is a name-and-shame review, pure and simple.Devs, if you have an outspoken player like Cjnfl whose only contribution is trolling, grandstanding, mockery, attention seeking, and more trolling, you need to address your playerbase and learn where the toxicity lies.  If this exists in the forums, in guide interaction, and in other metagame communication relating to your product, then it SURELY exists as an elitism in the game itself.  In confronting such a menace, if it takes muzzling someone, do it.  If it takes a forum ban, do it.  If it takes a server ban, do it.Some games that have potential are sabotaged by lousy dev support; some by playerbase dissatisfaction; some by rampant and narcissistic mod abuse.Thispotential player has been driven from the game by 1 player: a self-proclaimed supporter with claimed close association to dev staff, whose harrassment on forums and in guide commentary goes beyond the pale of an impotent teenage stalker, someone called Cjnfl.As my first true introduction to the playerbase, I've already had enough.  I wouldn't pay $25 to a talented hooker, let alone for a mediocre game with a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor player base whose apparent priority is to derogatorily pursue, a la metagame, a public commentary designed as a shaming and harassment campaign that is apparently more important than actual game play.  Your sinking reviews are proof that the $25 base price is an absurdity worth criticism for a product that used to cost $1, which, iirc, many of us got on sale for $.49.If indeed Cjnfl is a friend or contact of the dev team, let this review be an expression of utter contempt for the shameless and juvenile conduct of such a clique as appears (by claim of Cjnfl) to include the devs, their friends, and the marketing team for what would otherwise have appeared an appealing product at its original price.Now... psshht, forget it."
,Not Recommended,407840,22987683,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,drunken_drake,"***UPDATE AS OF 7/21/2016***Added two links to articles and moved the video further down in the review so that the original review flows more chronologically (with the first section being older and the latter portions edits)**********************************************************At the moment I cannot give this game a favorable review.  I've supported Trek and Mr. Prassel in their previous attempts such as Orion: Prelude and such and even bought this game when it came out as Guardians of Orion.  The game was, at the start, littered with bugs rendering it unplayable for many people.  I stopped playing the game early on after Prassel got annoyed with some of the bug reports and basically said the problems were the users' faults and not his (that he basically wasn't going to spend time fixing the issue since it only affected a small portion of the community).  I came back months later after new updates to see if any of the issues were resolved.  Sadly, the game still has a million and one technical issues (including poor optimization for many PCs).  INSTEAD of fixing the issues, Trek and Prassel are pushing new content rather than addressing problems.  A few members of the community have even narrowed down certain problems so that any fix would be easier to spot but there has been no response from the development team whether on the forums or in email.Technical issues can be fixed but the lack of response and childish behavior from the development team push this game into a ""thumbs down"" for the time being.  If things change I might possibly revert that.***********Original Edit Following:  Mr. Prassel's comment regarding specificity to this review shall be obliged below.  I'll try to be as concise as possible.***********First, regarding technical support.  While I realize that it makes technical support's job easier to know everyone's tech specs, this is almost impossible when a forum is created asking for bug reports (even if it specifies that those specs are needed).  When a person comes to the team with a problem, regardless of how aggravated the team may be, respond simply and with a ""copy/pasted"" answer such as, ""Please submit your technical specifications and we'll review your issue.""  Do not just ignore people; that applies to both forum posts and any emails received.  In fact, in a post from Dec 16th, 2015 Mr. Prassel stated anyone could contact him with this [a problem in that thread] or any problem at: [won't post the email here].  I and a few others have personally sent emails to Trek and Mr. Prassel but received no response.  Perhaps the emails have been overlooked, sent to spam, etc...  These things happen and I will acknowledge that is a possibility.Second, the following threads show various issues that have been fixed and not been fixed to demonstrate that people in this community do care and try to help with the development while providing the necessary details.  Some of the following threads support the developer's claim that it is an issue with user side settings while others are vague.Below is an issue with FPS and having V-sync enabled:http://steamcommunity.com/app/407840/discussions/0/357284131799712598/?tscn=1461612027This was an early issue when the game was labaled Guardians of Orion:http://steamcommunity.com/app/407840/discussions/0/485623406963362059/?ctp=7---Developer feedback was certainly present but if one reads into the comments fully you can see that posts were misread by both parties, flamed and petered out with lack of response from the developer.  This perhaps was due to him thinking the issue was solved (at least partially) or not wanting to deal with the situation anymore.I would have to disagree with the statement in the comment below that states ""most reviews state the game is bug free.""  More than likely, all the glowing positive reviews don't mention anything regarding the state of play while negative reviews are just the opposite.  In fact, as with any game and application there are bug reports on the official bug report thread constantly posted (some of which are duplicates from different people).  This is not uncommon...the game is not bug free.  One in particular that may have been fixed as of this writing is that breaking down items for crafting parts resulted in similar items being broken down even though they weren't selected.  Just scroll through this thread as I don't feel the need to be more specific than that at the moment.http://steamcommunity.com/app/407840/discussions/0/485623406950431282/Finally, an issue that has not received any response albeit it is a rare issue that can be replicated.http://steamcommunity.com/app/407840/discussions/0/357284131808450023/?tscn=1463073444****************************Notice again that it is not various bugs that would keep me from rating this game higher or reviewing it more favorably but rather how overall behavior is moderated (or not).For instance, Mr. Prassel is quoted in Eurogamer back in 2013 admitting to ""locking thread and banning users who speak out about Orion: Dino Horde on Steam.""http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2013-04-18-orion-dino-horde-dev-hits-back-at-allegations-of-metacritic-manipulationMaybe he has grown since then and matured but perhaps he should take his own advice from that article and leave the Public Relations to someone else.  If he can't take any criticism (be it warranted or not) without being too ""salty"" then he needs someone else to do that.  The most recent one that comes to mind is Mr. Prassel calling someone on steam forums ""spoiled and a baby"" for voicing his concern about an update coming.  That steam user is also banned now according to that thread.http://steamcommunity.com/app/407840/discussions/0/357284767253434903/*****Edit: Adding links to website articles and a Machinima video.  All detail about the recent allegations of stolen asset content both recently with Activision and in the past in previous games.*****Below is a translated page from a French article in which the developer supposedly threatens to take action for defamation if they do not scrutinize their articles about him further.http://translate.google.com/translate?langpair=auto%7Cen&u=http://www.nofrag.com/2016/mai/29/49364/http://www.thejimquisition.com/trek-versus-activision-how-orion-went-from-victim-to-villain-in-one-night/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WurLQ0XLf20Once again, I have no animosity toward the game makers of The Orion Project.  This review will hold its down vote and its specificity (as was criticized of as lacking) and will not change unless I feel it is warranted."
76561198074943476,Not Recommended,407840,32028899,Posted: 28 May,all,Schweem,"Coming from someone who has played some of the previous Orion titles, I hate to say it but it is almost impossible to recommend this game in it's current state.  While the present features work well at best, it is the over all lack of unique feature of the game that holds it back. I purchased this game after reading some of the plans and ideals for the title, it was originally advertised to be the game that ""Destiny"" wanted to be. I'm am not comparing it ti Bungie's destiny (I still play all the time hmu), however the game seemed very ambitious with this goal and I fear it may never deliver. Over the past few months since the game transitioned to a more purchase based title, the over all goal has shifted. The game was going to turn into what I can only describe as huge. It was to inculde space flight to and from all regions seemlessy, along with dynamic encouters. These described encouters are what the currnet game modes would adeventually turn into. What we have now, is unfortuanley all the we will most likely get. It seems that the developers have lost ambitition with the develpoment process, and will most likley leave it as a spiritual sequal to the other Orion titles. Devs, I hope you prove me wrong!"
,Recommended,407840,32900323,Posted: 27 June,all,IkelU,"pretty good game, 0,68$ in sale and its pretty well done, don't buy pioneer edition, for some reasons the standard versoin gives you free pioneer version"
,Not Recommended,407840,35074416,Posted: 19 September,all,PRΞÐAT0R™,"""Games can't fail, only developers can.""You Failed"
,Recommended,407840,19422059,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,KDZen,"Finally, the first NEW game from Trek Industries. (Spiral Games) How is it?+ Isometric view WORKS, fun to play+ Enemy variety+ Looks good and doesn't run too badly (Early Access)+ Healthy amount of content and progression for an Early Access game- Drones are ♥♥♥♥ing broken- Cracked screen and visual distortions when health is low are annoying, doesn't immerse at all it only annoys- One liners occur too often, get old fastComplaints are minor, potential is high.  Really happy with the game from what I've played."
,Not Recommended,407840,29394454,Posted: 21 January,all,Knight Bazuso,"Guardians of Orion is a bland, buggy, unfun experience that you're best off avoiding. The optimization is poor, the gameplay is stale, the amount of content is weak, most of the design decisions are terrible, and the store page is extremely misleading. The focus of this review primarily concerns the gameplay and mechanics, not so much the questionable attitude and incidents involving the developers. If you're curious, you can easily find a wealth of information online regarding how they've handled themselves and the game.Let me preface this by saying my PC build contains an i7-6700k as well as a GTX 980 TI. On high settings, not ultra, I average a jittery range of 20-40 FPS when in the combat sections, so imagine that as an ""enhancement"" to all the other aspects explained later.At its base level, it's a shooter that you can play in your choice of top down, first person, or third person. You can select a class before beginning, however only the first half of the roster is free and the later ones must be purchased with real money. Speaking of money, there are two forms of currency in this game, one being ""ion"" which is earned in meager amounts by playing, and the other being ""Trek Coins"" which are unsurprisingly purchased or earned in even smaller amounts similar to ion. I bought this game back when it was $1, which was the original price before it was  adjusted to $25, so because of my purchase date I was given some sort of 'founder' status. This means I received about 15,000 of premium currency so I had the liberty to buy my character unfitting hats among other items, so anyone buying this now will have to grind to get themselves anything. I should also mention there's a $100 DLC, so take that as you will. While I'm at it, here's a quote by the CEO:"" ... However, if you want a developer that abuses you, rapes your wallet with annual $60 rehashes, DLC, $15 map packs and other disastrous efforts like invalid and illegal DMCA takedowns, by all means let them continue to ruin the gaming industry.""http://archive.is/Hvb8ERegardless, moving on ...There are two PvE game modes, one being an average wave based survival and the other being the same concept except with an objective to defend. The combat consists of running backwards and shooting whatever is approaching you in a straight line, the method of attack nearly all twelve or so enemies have. You also have the option of jumping or teleporting, but they aren't noteworthy enough to make an impact on the dull gameplay. Weapons feel underpowered and boring to use, not to mention every class has a very limited selection of what they can assign to their loadout. Every class does possess their own ability, but I didn't find them interesting enough to make them feel individual and unique.There's a handful of maps to play on, however they all look and feel as if they were made in a random terrain generator then sprinkled with objects such as small plateaus and trees. Nearly every map has an invisible border surrounding it, crossing it gives you the ever-so-creative ""RETURN TO BATTLEFIELD"" notification with a 10 second countdown. These borders have no visual indicators whatsoever, begging the question of how long the developers spent creating the maps. I've experienced the 'ability' to clip right through some of the placed terrain as well.The game's PvP section also only has two game modes. The method in which matches are structured is bizarre and unnecessary to say the absolute least; not counting the connectivity issues since there's only a US East and one Europe server, and the fact that no one is playing. Anyways, you have a choice of FFA or aerial combat. In FFA, which doesn't have dedicated servers, you're put on a random level and given a short intermission of a minute and a half to screw around. Then, a random 'sub game mode' initiates, which is usually ""kill everyone"" or ""grab boxes around the map""; this continues for 5 minutes. Afterwards, you're put in intermission again for another minute and a half. This process repeats for almost half an hour before the match ends and it picks another random map.In the aerial combat mode, you pilot one of two available ships that have two weapons with those being a machine gun and homing missiles. The first ship is free, and the second costs 15,000 Trek coins. The ship controls have some No Man's Sky tier handling, meaning you awkwardly glide and float along ground terrain among other issues. The 'death' animation of the ship is also hilarious to witness, seeing as you either randomly disappear or drop from the sky in a completely static and rigid manner, only to explode with the force of a pop cap five seconds later.The MMO aspects that the store page touts are bare bones at absolute most. You have a few sprawling yet extremely empty hubs to walk around in and look at other players. That's it. There seems to be only one quest giver, who funnily enough marked my quests as completed when I didn't even do anything, and some other merchants. Speaking of the merchants, they're spaced very far apart, so I hope you enjoy taking slow walks across far spaces devoid of any interactivity or interest.If I haven't made my point clear: don't buy this game. Beneath the misleading store page and antics of the developer, all you have is a very generic shooter riddled with perfomance issues, design flaws, and a severe lack of fun.2/14/17 edit: Adjusted some minor information regarding the price change and aerial combat."
76561198014148804,Not Recommended,407840,28926652,Posted: 1 January,all,Shonky Solos,"I paid about $20 for this in early access, as it promised so much (such as multiple game modes, different perspectives such as FPS instead of only 3rd person).It was later released at $1, and was the exact same game, with just another single playable classThen they released first person, which functioned worse than the 3rd person mode, as it automatically adjusted for flying enemies.The gameplay is bland, repetitive, and stale. There is no way this is worth $25, and even $1 is too much for this.See also the reasons it shouldn't be legally published, but that's not my area of expertise."
,Recommended,407840,21503886,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jiango™,"Jobs - founder of AppleGates - founder of MicrosoftGabeN - founder of ValveMe - with $1 I became founder of this game10/10 investment skills, let's be co-founders together :D"
76561198210111580,Not Recommended,407840,31117223,Posted: 13 April,all,jnrobb,"This game is so buggy and glitchy. Once fixed, this would be a great game as there this so many things to do and upgrade. Until then, I'd tell u to pass on this and play Orion Prelude, as this buggy mess is not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,407840,29620464,Posted: 31 January,all,I Sn3Ak I,"Pioneer/Founder , been grinding this game on and off and watching progression for a long time now. Logged on to the ""official release"" to find out all those months of grinding and crafting mean nothing as EVERYTHING IS GONE .. my 29 Jetpack character .. all my material and loot ... ABANDON SHIP .. i will not DO IT AGAIN .. always had high hopes for this game and recommended it to buddies to play. Well .. sadly because of this dev move i cant even recommend to read the reviews for this game ! why would they do this to people that supported them from the start .. SMH  .. if they ever decided to reconsile this issue my view of the game would be pretty good .. but as of now it looks like this game will just sit unplayed ... thanks TREK >:O"
76561198180626983,Not Recommended,407840,33589536,Posted: 16 July,all,Cyborgman,"After las update, I found all mu characters lvl 0, without my 50 epic purple items ... nothing as reward.I am afraid of another server restart, and afraid of loosing everything again and all my time wastedWaste of time ... developers don't even make a response to this kind of questions.Pionners backers treated like veteran of wars ... forgotten with a bad rewards"
,Not Recommended,407840,26423255,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,runulkerne skinhub.com,DONT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥WASTE OF MONEY THE SCREENSHOTS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE ACTUAL GAME
,Not Recommended,407840,29099884,Posted: 7 January,all,{D1v} ALASKN eSports  g2a.com,"Been playing this game since the beginning, but after there freaking massive 20gb Update.. Its just an Unreliable game.-Badly optimized. My gpu almost fried.- Game takes like 5 minutes to load.-Constant freezing-Game is constantly Updating, Which can be very annoying.-Everytime i wanna play online, the online is always down..-Not worth 25 dollars.-Developer doesn't know what he's doing.."
,Not Recommended,407840,28956897,Posted: 2 January,all,ElitGhost,"I can't recommend this game now when the price just increased by 2000% up to 20 euro or more. No one plays this game so if you do want it for some reason get some friends to play it if that is even possible, the devs wont admit their mistakes and bans you if you don't agree with them cause they have thousends of rules preventing you from ""spreading false"" information so if you dont agree with them you will get banned for spreading false information. No one can do anything about it either so. The only content this game has is PVP and it is not enjoyable at all and 2 other modes survival and harvest wich is almost the same the only difference is that survival is endless and harvest is 10 rounds and the only thing you do in those two is defending the harvester. They promise too much and think they will be able to make star citizen and no mans sky in 1 game, they are living in a dream world and the game isn't optimized.Don't support these devs behavior, if you want a solid and good CO-OP game get helldivers they do everything 200% times better. I belive that is all."
,Recommended,407840,22790364,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Halfæng,An extremely fun game with friends and I lookf forward to seeing it progress during development.Best dollar ever spent.
,Not Recommended,407840,29626028,Posted: 1 February,all,Cheseit,"This game was fun when it wasn't trying to fill wallets. Currently it feels like everyone jumped ship and turned this game into a cash grab.The content looks great, but the animations are very lack luster. It feels clunky, and very linear.Theres really only one thing to do, run harvest and shoot dinos. Technically you can pvp, but really, with who?They have this list, thats like "" massive pvp, and all "" this content"" is playable, and theres space!"" but in game it feels like someone went down a literal list and made bare bones for it.A lot of work has been put into this, but unless they deliver on what they're saying, and polish things way way more than it is now its just not worth the promised 1$ price. Its REALLY not worth the rediculas 20$ or 25$ price tag."
,Not Recommended,407840,28633437,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MEliria,"Overpricing a game like this? GTFOI got the game when it was almost free, like 1 dollar. That was even a waste of a dollar. How dare you guys charge so much money for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Bad game dont play"
,Not Recommended,407840,34726496,Posted: 3 September,all,brodasaurian,"After experiencing Orion: prelude, I was quite excited to hop into the ""new"" version of it, I hate to say that I was dissapointedThe game Is lacking in any form of playerbase, ranging from 2-10 active players a day, unlike the original which still holds a strong 60-100 active players...The optimization is atrocious, I run on a gtx 1050ti and a 7700hq, there is no excuse for the fact I can only run it at low with 20-30 frames a second, while I can run a game like the witcher or GTA 5 on high with 30fpsThe developers were far too ambitous with their goals, especially considering how little of a following they actaually haveGet the original"
76561198075325312,Not Recommended,407840,34844122,Posted: 9 September,all,Calimarfornian,Had a lot more fun with Orion Prelude
,Not Recommended,407840,31196885,Posted: 17 April,all,Firebyte1,"As much as I LOVE Orion:Prelude, I simply cannot recommend this game. I bought it back when it was in Early Access and payed 10 euros for it (because I owned Prelude). Wouldn't normally do that, but I really really wanted to support this developer. To be honest, the game was underwhelming, yet fun to play. It had a few issues, but it ran rather smoothly. Hell, I actually liked this game when I bought it. But now, I feel like it's worse performance-wise than when it was in Early Access. Sure, a lot of content has been added, but the game is basically unplayable in first/third person on low. Top down is the only smooth-ish way to play the game. Sadly, it doesn't even feel fun anymore. Unlike Prelude, they clearly tried to make this one a more serious game. I know it's not fair to compare it to its predecessor, but it feels like Guardians had a lot of hype around it and it fell short due to the popularity of Orion. I am still waiting to see what games Trek make in the future, but, at least at the moment, I cannot recommend Guardians."
76561198122351815,Not Recommended,407840,29810464,Posted: 9 February,all,legodj16 BoostedBanobo,"Voted for the ""Biggest Scams of 2016"" Award"
,Not Recommended,407840,29579919,Posted: 29 January,all,"Obamakiin,Presidentborn,O-BA-MA",Lost all faith in this game and there ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company...
,Not Recommended,407840,29849442,Posted: 11 February,all,Croplight,"I really enjoyed Orion: Prelude.Let me just start off by saying that. I saw that there was a sequal, I watched the trailer, and I really wanted to try this game. I was geniunely excited. What I got was no where near expected. I got this game for $1, when it was $1, and even with it being worth that much, it's still not worth it.----------------So why is it so bad?Well, the gameplay is slow and boring, and the voice acting is very repetitive. It has no where near that arcade feel from the first game. And half the time, it straight up just doesn't work.----------------This game simply doesn't deliver on promised gameplay, and focuses more on aesthetics. I would not reccomend buying this, even for a dollar. If you do want something simular to this, I reccomend Orion: Prelude.FINISHING STATEMENTyou can buy mints for one dollar, and you would probably enjoy that more."
,Recommended,407840,21004371,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SmokedCarpenter,"New review based on build 1.5So I first wrote a review for this game on it's intial alpha release. I'm now scrapping that review and starting from scratch because the game has evolved so much between 1.0 and 1.5 that my original review became largely irrelevant.I'll keep this much more succinct than last time. The Orion Project (Previously called Guardians of Orion) is a highly ambitious game coming from a relatively small indie developer. The game began as a top-down arcade shooter with not much depth to it, but has evolved and will continue to evolve into a massive and expansive title.Since launch, The Orion Project has added a 3rd person and 1st person perspective in addition to retaining its top-down perspective as an option. You can switch perspectives in real-time seamlessly during gameplay to suit your combat needs. This is a pretty revolutionary concept for a shooter. I love it. My biggest issue as of right now is that because the maps were intially designed around a top-down orientation, there is little to no verticality in any of the maps. I'm sure this will be fixed given time, but as of right now the world seems a bit too flat in 1st/3rd person view.As of right now the game is still in its VERY early stages, and much of the content is still in development. The developers have been working tirelessly to pump out consistent updates and I've watched the game grow before my eyes. Given another year of development, this could very well be the next big thing. It's only $1 as of right now and I cannot stress enough how much of a steal that price is. Think about the things that cost $1 in your everyday life, and then compare those things to AN ENTIRE VIDEO GAME. I think you'll find that this is the most cost efficient use of $1 you'll ever find. Just buy the damn thing. It doesn't matter if you don't touch it for a year, come back to it months or years down the road when you forgot you even bought the game and it'll be 50 times better than when you bought it. It's like investing in a penny stock, except you literally can't lose. Just buy it. Stop reading and buy it. Right. Now.Original review last updated in build 1.2.1THIS REVIEW IS OUTDATED AND ALMOST COMPLETELY IRRELEVANT, I'M JUST LEAVING IT HERE FOR REFERENCEI'm a big fan of Orion: Prelude. I initially played it when it was called Orion: Dino Horde, so I never experienced the horror that was Orion: Dino Beatdown. Guardians of Orion is a completely different game from its predecessors. Prelude was a true FPS, whereas Guardians is a top-down arcade style shooter with a wonky 3rd person option. Guardians was clearly built and balanced around the top-down camera angle, and 3rd person was thrown in as an afterthought due to popular demand.The best way to describe the difference between Prelude and Guardians is this: Prelude is to Call of Duty's Nazi Zombies as Guardians is to CoD's Dead Ops Arcade. I hope this clarifys for everyone exactly what kind of game Guardians is.Now, some people are going to be disappointed that Guardians isn't an FPS, but others will prefer the arcade style shooter. That's just up to your individual tastes.EDIT:Guardians of Orion will be featuring a first-person mode in the near future. (Spring 2016)The core gameplay or Guardians is fun after playing a few matches, but I can imagine it getting very boring and repetitive after a short while. There are currently only 5 maps, 2 game modes, and a day/night option. Considering it is still in early access, I'm sure they will gradually release new maps and game modes, but as of now that is it.Something I really enjoy about Guardians is the addition of a skill tree and crafting system. This helps make each class (Assault, Support, Recon. Tech, Pyro) feel much more unique, as they each level up individually and have their own unique skill trees. I have no experience with the crafting system yet, however I think that it will give players an incentive to grind the somewhat limited content in order to craft super cool weapons and items.I'm honestly a little confused and disappointed as to why they chose not to include either a campaign or a competitive versus game mode in Guardians. Most games draw success either from a compelling story mode, or an intense and addicting competitive scene. It is very difficult to retain player interest with only a co-op surivival arcade game. Perhaps those features are in the works, but if not I can't see myself spending more than 10 hours on this game, unless the crafting ends up being highly addicting!The graphics are beautiful when you enter 3rd person mode, so again I'm a little confused as to why they chose a top-down camera angle to build the game around. I'd rather enjoy the graphics froms 3rd person, but it puts you at a massive disadvantage because you can't see flying enemies very well, and the tiny dinos are impossible to spot in the tall grass. Not to mention it is much harder to turn around in 3rd person quickly due to low sensitivity relative to top-down sensitivity.One little teeny thing I really wish they would add is a ""ready up"" feature. I feel the down time between rounds is too long for most rounds, so if they had a voting system to immediately start the next round that would really reduce frustration and boredom, because you end up doing nothing for 10 minutes out of each game (1 minute down time between rounds x 10 rounds).*This feature was added to the game as of build 1.2.1, way to go Trek!*Overall, I give Guardians a 7/10 because the core gameplay is fun, but replay value is just not there at this point in time. It is on sale right now for $2 and I HIGHLY recommend buying it. However, when it returns to it's normal price of $20, I'd wait until they release more maps and game modes before spending that much on it."
,Recommended,407840,22769470,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Blood_Wraith,"> Sequel to ""Bring Me Some Pizza"" and return of the Space Australians.> It's on sale for 1$ like the last game was. I liked Prelude. Buys the game for myself and friend.> Boots up game, it's in windowed mode. I fix that and reboot the game.> Creates account, goes online, loads for infinity and freezes.> Reboots game, goes online again, logging in singularity occurs probably because I killed the process.> Boots game for 3rd time. goes online, works properly and loads within seconds.> Shiny graphics, me & friends computer are about to go supernova and hit the temperature of the sun, because good optimization.> Puts graphics on low, makes no difference on performance and everything turns to playdough, reverts back to high.> Gets a chuckle of out that Commander Shepard calibre running animation.> Is terribly lost in space station lobby, eventually finds friend and creates a game.> Dies in seconds getting used to controls and shooting dinosaurs in face.> Picks Easy mode this time, now it's too easy.  Is terribly bored.> Plays a 3rd game on Normal again and figures out I have Blink and Jetpack> LOOK AT ME GO! LOOK AT ME GO! LOOK AT ME GO! LOOK AT ME GO! LOOK AT ME GO! LOOK AT ME GO!> BRING ME SOME PIZZA!7 Screaming Space Australians out of 10."
,Recommended,407840,24526845,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,๖ۣۜRDRlegend❂❂1,"Alrit, i want to keep this review as simple as possible.I remember seeing this game on discovery and i did not wait long to get this game. Mostly because it said PvE somewhere, anyways i definitly did not regret getting this game, well maybe a little because this game becme a addict for me xD. jokes apart, for a developing game, its truely amazing with its super friendly community that helps new players understand the basics pretty much. Another thing i noticed was there is an offline game options that i have not yet tried so not gonna talk about it.Usually in Coop games like PvE, if really tried, one can alone finish the game, but here go for higher difficulty, or 40 wave in survival, its all about teamplay, which is the most amazing part of this game. There are quite few flaws, but who cares, this game is still in development and i'm damn sure its gonna be fixed.As always liking a game or hating it, its all about prespective cause, ones preference is subjective. but if i was asked if i would recommend this game, i most definitly will.And for all Orionions Happy Dino hunting :)"
,Not Recommended,407840,30378655,Posted: 7 March,all,Heyhowsitgoing,"Played this game with my friends and greatly enjoyed it! That was until they decided to wipe everyone's accounts of progess. How much time we spent strategizing and building gear sets just to wipe them is infuriating. There hasnt been any decent update to anything, nobody plays the game, all progress was wiped with no reason, and they don't seem to care about the community that they had"
,Recommended,407840,21591110,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Scapteromys,"I never knew that you can buy a master piece for this price on Steam just starting by the music, visuals and finishing with the gameplay and mechanics."
,Not Recommended,407840,29016093,Posted: 4 January,all,I See Starz,Nothing works right and it is so annoying to have inverted controls set to all camera views instead of only on 1st person. like WTF and this system for leveling up never works and it just lets you add points but doesnt even save them and sets back to zero. I feel the trailers are misleading and have yet to see anything like the trailers and I feel this is a no man sky situation all over again and this is so wrong and messed up. The 1st orion was just right and strong community and this is just a money grab and false advertisement I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at you DEVS. Oh and i love when i was creating a new character since almost every update kept deleting the previous ones it loves to crash randomly. F**K this game
,Not Recommended,407840,29082632,Posted: 7 January,all,=T$E= Philsco,"This game went from optimistically awesome to what-the-♥♥♥♥ingly horrible.  Read any review on here for the list of scandals and price gouges and retracted content from prior purchasers, but here's some real talk about the game itself:It does NOT look good.  Everything from the ""Jump/roll"" animations to aiming down the sights is a grotesque pre-alpha sort of terrible.  The color follows no real pleasant scheme and the game looks like its assets are both stolen and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all at once.  It really is a mess, which is sad, because they acted like they were gonna polish this stone til it shone, but all that was shown was how to make a quick buck delivering ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to a hungry crowd."
76561198071978837,Not Recommended,407840,24936727,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,=WL= blw.tf trade.tf DarkMutant,"Don't buy this game!!It's a good game but as said many times in review section, the devs are sellouts and children that don't take criticism and like to F2P ALL of their games.Your money would be better somewhere else I promise."
,Recommended,407840,21866803,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,H8Monster0,"Excellent RPG/FPS/TDG with a great community and high replay value.Shoot dinos, robots and monsters in the FACE.5 year old you DEMANDS this gameCurrent age you will enjoy it"
76561198012735325,Not Recommended,407840,29886569,Posted: 12 February,all,KevinNightfire,"I've been playing TREK's games since Orion: Dino Beatdown and stuck with it through the launch issues. It became stable and a decent game. Prelude was even better, and I even spent money on currency for it.This. Is somehow worse than Beatdown. It just feels like there is less game here, with less impact if you go down, and a game mode that is typically used with per game progression rather than overall levels. Even the visuals are worse than in Prelude. The weapon feel, the special abilities, the very HUD is all much worse than this game's predecessors.If it gets better over time, I might come back to it, as I have their previous titles, but right now I can't recommend this."
76561198026447716,Not Recommended,407840,30596579,Posted: 18 March,all,osherono,"Now, originally this game used to be what prelude to Orion was. Don't buy either of them. Unoptimized, laggy, bad animations, weird hit detection... this could be a textbook example of what game design should NOT be.Oh, but their cash shop seems to work just FINE.Also, they are asking for $20 dollars for this now?!? And a little over $30 dollars for the Elite edition?Can you imagine the BALLS?A clearly unfinished product based on what was a simple arena game, which was laggy to begin with, and suddenly the developers said ""oh, wait, screw trying to optimize the game we have, lets do a 'MMO'!...""This is the end result.Do not be fooled by the screenshots. Like a pretty man or woman with nothing upstairs, it looks nice until you try to interact.I do not even remember how or when I got this. I think it was part of one of those Bundle Stars deals, you know get a game you want along with a bunch of carppy ones and cross your fingers and hope it has steam trading cards so you do not feel like you actually gave people doing this stuff any incentive to continue.Do not buy at ANY price."
,Not Recommended,407840,29571452,Posted: 29 January,all,aruvin,"Guardians of Orion developed by  Trek Industries & released in December 2016 (according to Rock Paper Shotgun at:https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/12/07/guardians-of-orion-review-alpha/)On Metacritic,(http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/the-orion-project)it still shows:  Release Date: TBA - Early AccessOn Steam, it says 1 Dec 2015.What the heck is going on here? Behold, people of steam and especially to my steam friends. The warning that I have been sharing is here. Behold, gaze upon this product and tell me you were not warned of the dangers of EARLY ACCESS GAMES!  This is just another product in steam that caught people's attention due to its ""unprofessional"" behavior or handling of the product.I am having a headache to write this review but the show must go on.  So, lets get this done quickly and with the least pain.Warning:Brutual honest mode activated.Guardians of Orion in it's current state offers PVE and PVP games. Theres only 2 servers available: US and UK. So if you are from outside US/UK, don't expect to see many players especially after the drama it had in 2016.In summary, GOO offers 9 classes to choose from.  In game trading, crafting, daily/weekly challenges is present similar to MMORPG  concept.PVE game:  A co-op of 4 players to protect the harvester from dinosaurs and robots. At certain levels, there will be a ""mini"" event that players will want to complete to obtain ""rare"" loots/drops.PVP offers 2 type of game mode:Your traditional player vs player free for allAircraft battle free for allThat's all it has to offer at this piece of writing.Visuals:It claims to be using Unreal engine - but I have my doubts because of how certain creatures/objects looked. Maybe its just a poor quality of work. I don't know. From top-down view, it certainly looks good. From 3rd person shooter of FPS view, you can see how horrible certain things look like. The weapons for some strange reason looks REALLY, REALLLY GOOD; detailed and textured nicely compared to the other elements of the game..I dont know whats going on here. Poor work quality/no QC/stolen work? I dont know. This is what I see.Controls:Sigh. It should have been a simple game with simple controls..but no! someone wanted to mess it up big time! A top down game turned into a 3rd person shooter/FPS view which lead into a confusing state of game.The controls are slightly different in all 3 different views - but if you think this isnt a big deal. You are WRONG. Especially in co-op harvest game. its a @$#ing MESS! people running around in FPS view killing stuff miles and miles away from you - and you have run in circles after each round because you are in TOP-DOWN VIEW. YOU CANT SEE THE BLOODY LOOT. After 6 hours of ordeal, you know what? F it! lets stick to FPS view to avoid the hassle of collecting loot. besides, in FPS view, you can BLINK and this makes you travel faster.My personal thoughts:I bought this product on steam for $1 back in 2015? 2016? I installed and played it in Jan 2017. My God. A 10 minute opening video. The introduction video was a Mess and it is the longest opening video I have ever seen. What theCRAPis this?Is this an exhibition hall of your work? Of all the concept art? Or this is supposed to be an introduction to the f product?  You have to make up your mind because after 30 sec of introduction video, people will just hit the escape key and ALL YOUR WORK & EFFORT ON THE VIDEO IS GONE!WHO THE F MADE THIS VIDEO DESIGN CHOICE?!That leads me back into the darn game camera mode. Why the heck did you change the camera mode  from a top-down to 3rd person shooter/FPS?! When I  purchased this product, It was a top down camera mode. You could have made all the ""improvements"" in a top-down camera mode. With the 3 camera view, its a mess!!!!!!When you make your customers confuse. They are going to be very happy - to not recommend your product to others. Job well done.Those improvement which you try to implement from MMORPG is so bland and uninteresting as of this writing...*crying*version 2 comes with more maps! uhh..Protect the harvester across 10 map? Do you think that by delivering 10..20..30 news map, your customers are happy to PROTECT THE HARVESTER?!  SAME <poo> OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN IN DIFFERENT LOOKING ENVIRONMENT? Is this what an update content should be? WOW! I can design and make 100 maps for you! Tada! content! updated! charges $XXX.XXMy Summary:I cannot continue this writing anymore. I personally was happy with the base game - a simple top down co-op fun grindy shooter. Not this version 2. This product is in a mess due to the ambitious? crazy decision? lack of experience? And the moment it starts to charge people at a ridiculous price - unjustified price i'd say. That's what people call shady deal.At this price I can get so many other games which offer so much more content, quality game play experience. This will be the first review that I will not be giving my personnel score because It does not warrant a proper score due to its mess up state. Until the devs come to their senses and fix the controls, review their ""update"" content and re-evaluate the price of this product. This is a solid NO for me.I don't understand. Why cant you make a different product which focuses on pvp with FPS view and leave GOO in its current top-down PVE game? WHY? Its because you decided to mess this product up and charge at a ridiculous price, you are getting flaked *crushed* for this decision.The game isn't terrible. It has some promising feature and can offer a fun co-op gameplay experience. In the hands of another experienced developer, I am pretty sure they would have made better game design choices & interesting ones too."
76561198042903798,Not Recommended,407840,26368003,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,coton,"free to play, pay to winprice doesn't even make senstreaten player they will abandon the game if we don't gave us money on kickstarter.bunch of jerk"
,Not Recommended,407840,34874881,Posted: 10 September,all,SirSoda,"The first game, Orion Prelude (Dino Horde), is even better than this."
,Not Recommended,407840,21015547,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AC_MANT1S,"Very laggy, Even though I have a decent PC.Graphics are not even close to the trailer.Good conceptHorrible execution.Kind of dissapointed, it looked so cool!Thank Gaben it was only 2 dollars."
,Not Recommended,407840,29973066,Posted: 16 February,all,Lobohiway,"Update 06/03/2017Trek just banned me from the news feed cause Ive recently complained about the amount of spam in my news feed, Ive checked UNFOLLOW and IM NOT INTERESTED on their almost products. But guess so, Im still receiving this crap on my news feed! So they basically took away my opinion and my point of view to the public in an outburst masked with the excusse that I wont be receiving anymore spam, wich is not the case.I´d be thankful if someone advice me on how to report this kind of situation to STEAM directly. This developer should really be kicked out from our comunity.---------------------------------------------------------------------------I loved the idea of dinosaurs and all that stuff cause man, I love dinosaurs, I actually saw this game with a lot of faith.I bought this one since it came out and I havent seent any major improvement.Those days I had a GTX550Ti and it really struggled in performance, the game is really not optimized at all. Now I own a great GTX780 and after a little bit of time playing the game causes my computer to turn off and then restart.Its not a PSU problem, I meet all requirements, even tried different combinations of GPU fan speeds and nothingI even tried different combinations of ""-high -nod3d11 -nod3d11ex -nod3d12 -nod3d12ex -d3d10 -USEALLAVAILABLECORES -sm4 -lowmemory"" in game properties and still nothingEven at maxed settings the performance seems awesome with my actual gpu but the thing of my computer shutting off so violently really disturbs me. I have no problems with any other videogame, so this is a developer lack of feedback, coding and comitment.I wont risk the integrity of my hardware ever again by this cheap (it isnt really cheap right now) product. And everytime this happens, my inventory is corrupted, loosing forever rare and unique items Ive equipped, all the times.The other thing that really bothers me is the intro video, I mean man if you want to give an anti system-illuminati-represion speech thats okay with me, but it have nothing to do with the game itself and if you even want to charge for that shallow lack of content is thing with really really bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad taste. The game is forgotten the news summary never contemplates this problems mentioned above and many users others problems, bugs and glitches.With an update some time ago I lost all of my in game currency, credits, most items and all gifts. I strongly dont recommend you investing money on this mediocrity. After this review Im uninstalling this software risk forever. Another thing I forgot to mention, the in game commentary is real bull shrooms. dialogues like ""Kill that krueger"" or ""look at me go"" even ""find me some pizza"" are so but SO ANNOYING!I really dont recommend this piece of crap, not even for 0.99 cents. Do not compromisse your hardware.Update 03/05/17After 3 or 4 major patches the game still as violently unstable. This is by far a cash grab and the worst product Ive ever tried of all times."
76561198018439779,Recommended,407840,19503263,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tired_David - Twitch.tv,"Do you like shooting dinosaurs and robots with friends? Then this game is for you.This review is current as of version 2.05 (20 March 2017 release). With respect to former players, reviews prior to this release are irrelevant. Here's why.Regarding the character wipe:  This was necessary to fix critical bugs with the inventory system. The developer apologized for the inconvenience and issued a Love Package to help players get back on their feet. This included free account tier upgrades, bonus experience, currency, a free boost to level 50 on any class, etc. Bugs affecting experience gain were fixed and experience gain was increased globally (separate from the bonus experience). This game is no longer a grindfest.Before the wipe (over 100 hours invested) I had 3 level 50 guardians. After the wipe (about 20 hours of beta testing), all 9 guardians are max level and I have more stuff and more currency than I did before the account wipe.Regarding pricing:  Fixed as of today. The $1 starter edition returns and other editions have had their prices reduced. They often get cut during Steam sales, also.Regarding optimization:  A ton of work went into this in version 2.05. More video modes were introduced, video settings are automatically detected on launch, maps were reworked. The result is that my gimpy work laptop - which is NOT built for gaming - went from 5 frames per second to over 30 frames per second on many maps. That is some serious optimization, and as a bonus the maps look even better than before.DMCA:  Ancient history. The contractor responsible is long gone.Version 2.0 was a disaster. The developers listened to feedback, rolled up their sleeves and worked with the remaining players through four beta cycles to put out this incredible patch. But this is not a review of the developers. This is a review of the game.The game itself is fun solo but much better co-op. There are two PvE modes, Harvest and Survival. Harvest is the basic mode and Survival has automatic waves of increasing difficulty. There are two PvP modes, Mayhem and Wargames. Wargames is spaceship dogfighting and Mayhem is more traditional PvP but the objectives change every 5 minutes so there's a new twist all the time. Trek Coins can be earned in PvE and PvP. You can level up in PvP, but what's nice is that it is balanced separately so that levels and gear are not taken into account. Only your loadout and skill matter.There are three camera angles. Top down, since it was originally designed as a twin stick shooter, over the shoulder, and first person. I prefer over the shoulder 3rd person most of the time because it provides the best situational awareness.Graphics:  B+Animations:  BSound:  B+Music:  AArtificial Intelligence:  C+Replay value:  BServers:  BDeveloper Responsiveness:  APlayer Community:  AThis is a pretty good game created by pretty good developers. It can use some more features such as mechs and other vehicles, more game modes, and some additional polish here and there. The game needs more players to support future development. It's worth far more than $1. That's my honest review; this game deserves to get a fair chance from you and your friends."
,Not Recommended,407840,34149738,Posted: 10 August,all,Jet Jenkins,I miss my dollar.
,Recommended,407840,24090990,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,cillosis,"This game, to me, is like mixing Destiny with Halo, and then adding dinosaurs. Honestly, it's a lot of fun to play and has really held my interest.Yes, I know there is a lot of sourness about it going free to play. Honestly, the game has probably gotten as far as it is due to people buying it in early access. Just so you guys know, buying a game in early access is more to support the developers than anything. If you aren't willing to sacrifice a few dollars to play a fun game and give them pizza money to keep going on the project, then early access is probably not your cup of tea.I just hope they release more game modes soon. Survival is pretty difficult and harvest, although a lot of fun, can start to feel repetitive. All in all though, definitely worth playing! Disregard the people who complain without any understanding of what goes into developing a game like this."
76561198133769938,Not Recommended,407840,23525193,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Snake Plissken,"Let's get to it very quickly, while the game shows promise, the dev's attitude to the way he enforces punishment for ""apparent"" stalking seems a little unnervingI had my account stripped of all augs based on some ""accused"" stalking game to gamehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/407840/discussions/0/350533172693919700/Personally I never stay in the same game more than twice if I canhelp it, so how this was achieved through ""multiple"" games is beyond meMy nephew isn't one to blame either, so I think teh dev has done something unjustified, I know this 1st hand as had him on my friend's listThe exchanges we have had, he doesn't seem very professional and is bent on just griefing some peopleWhat does this all have to do with this game? Well the endless grinds you need to do whilst others cheat, the pointless grinds when all your stuff is wiped from your account, the Dev trying to approve of people naming and shaming in his own ""Report a cheater"" threadAll adds up to a very unprofessional side of gaming indeedIf you want to risk having your hard work wiped, for something you have been accused of, then by all means buy this game and take that riskThread herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/407840/discussions/0/350533172693919700/?tscn=1465753895I have seen the evidence, not only has David made this public, but I don't think he understands what name and shaming means in STEAM forums. Also swearing doesn't show much respect for STEAM forums either, he seems to be above the lawSo rant over, the game? well it's in BETA, it's a shooter, a very repetative shooter, 3 views, isometirc, 3rd person and 1st person just addedWhilst fun at 1st, get's very tired very quickly, some people already have aug 600 from other higher level players, this defeats having to grind, then add the amount of players that rock hop (camp on rocks) and don't support team playersWhils was fun to start off with, you will soon realise how much time is wasted doing nothingTry the game, it's 99 cents, just don't get caught up with the BS that goes with it__________________________________________________________________Revised review__________________________________________________________________I am changing this review based on dev's favorable discretion of items removedI appreciated David's efforts to resolve said issue and only wish the Devs the best of futureI am leaving the whole review here so people can understand whislt things did go astray, they ended uop being resolved in a win win scenarioCommuncation is the key here guys:D__________________________________________________________________EDITED Revised review__________________________________________________________________So the cat is out of the bag, Trek industires stealing Activisions BO3 gun assets?David saying his Reddit account was hacked via Russian hacker, his own image shows Russian IP via Verizon Wifi, so he was using a VPN to mimic a Russian hacker? LOLhttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133769938/status/1467181634Info here, this Dev is a serious turd"
,Not Recommended,407840,29021511,Posted: 4 January,all,Kirby,In this state this is NOT a good game. I did enjoy Orion prelude a little bit but this..This is not a finished game!
,Recommended,407840,19435057,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BlueClawRaptorGames,"Awesome game, awesome music, awesome models, amazing graphics, good looking unique animals and robots, and what next?! a mutated raptor that turned into a uh... uh giant raptor that breathes fire!??!?"
,Recommended,407840,25640518,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,KensonPlays,"This game can be difficult when playing solo against the computer, but with friends, it is MUCH more enjoyable, and for only $0.99, I feel it is well worth it. Go ahead and give it a try.It's like a mix of dinos and sci-fi both, which I really enjoy! I will give it a more detailed review once I have more time logged into it."
,Recommended,407840,22346584,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,KevO:,Definitely a fun game ive always loved dinosaurs shoot who dosent like to shoot stuff like dinos and bots yeah its early axxess yeah it has a few bugs still but is worth the $10 or less when on sale for founder status to all who play game before it go on sale for a $1 forever and founder status will be no longer available for purchase so I recommend picking up up meow before it's too late and btw all guardians are awesome still trying to lv up my first 2 I made lolPros fun when there is 2. or more people playingCons playing alone lol jk everyonce in a while someone joins my game & can't jump becuse of top mode I understand that but jet pack should have a push and hold button  like O prelude & can't play online  character saved games offline yet maybe they will work on that tooI still have a few copys for trade or something  ((::  if interested shoot me a friend request:nice update jump and jet pack fixed im happy meow
76561198107462309,Recommended,407840,19833110,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SabrTüth,"- Playing solo hard- Final round, T-Rex attacks- I'm over confident, we fight evenly for awhile- I said to myself ""It's a T-Rex, I'll stay out of its' range""- I couldn't see the T-Rex and I'm just shooting randomly- Rock hits me and instantly kills me- Waiting to respawn to go kill it- Spawn- T-Rex was waiting for me- It spawn kills me over and over10/10 Would get spawn killed again"
,Not Recommended,407840,24098704,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nuire,"I originally supported this game because I liked the idea of a top down shooter version of Prelude and separate classes built for specific roles. However, this game has changed drastically from when it first started. Where I thought this game was going to add more interesting AI, or fix the optimization issues of the top down view, the developers instead opted to push in module after module of content rather than focusing on tweaking the game to fix the bugs or make the game more interesting.Where I expected a game that was going to have a small amount of content that offered endless amounts of gameplay, I got a game that offered so much content with nothing meaningful in it. Sure, I can say that the FPS Module is good, and that the little space station is good, and all the cosmetics I get are good, but it adds absolutely nothing refreshing to the core game. You're still shooting dinosaurs and mechs, and protecting the same things. There's no variation whatsoever and while people pass it off and say it's good for 1 dollar, I want to see this game do better. I really want it to flourish and look good. Sure, it offers a lot of flashy, additive stuff, but beneath all that it's the same thing.At this point, I can't really recommend this game right now, even for a dollar or less. It feels empty when the gameplay is repetitive and wears down easily. I hope the devs improve on this. I really want to see this game succeed."
,Recommended,407840,32916980,Posted: 28 June,all,{GGSC} Krimion,"Honestly the game itself really isn't that bad, and in my opinion is worth 1$.Also the community is nice, so far I have not seen any toxic players (yet).The sad part about this game is the fact that the DLCs cost so much, and really the prices should be dropped -BY A LOT-(or just get diamond bundle on sale for 6$ like i did).Another thing is that not many people play it, if more people started playing and perhaps telling their friends to get it (like im doing) then maybe there will actually be servers to join!I mean it's nearly impossible to get into a PvP or Wargames match unless you have friends, or just get lucky.But luckily there are normally at least 1-3 servers up and ready to join.So yes i recommend this as it is worth 1$, and is worth buying.(or wait for it to go on sale for 50c-62c)"
,Recommended,407840,23047743,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,♕ BєуσηD.,"This game is honestly really fun, just like it's predecessor, Orion Prelude.I'm very excited about what will come up, I heard the devs have huge plans for this game.The gameplay is good, the fact that you can switch from MOBA view to Third person view is a nice addition, and I can wait for first person.The game is very well designed, dinosaurs look great, textures are nice, level design is also great. (you can check one of my screenshots, the view is gorgeous)Each Guardian have their own playstyle (kinda), and overall the game is really fun to play with friends.For now, it's worth a good 7.75/10. However, this rating is most likely to change in the future."
,Recommended,407840,31694909,Posted: 11 May,all,Shadow Jesus,"Before anything, consider the following:What can you get in life for 1 euros, that can improve your free time? Maybe a beer , or something like that.With that small fun fact above,i can only recommend this game, despite the negative revivews, it can be rather fun, in smaller sessions, and the whole concept is unique and there are several levels and characters to keep things fresh every time you play, if you can grab a friend or two, well even better.Of course there are some issues with the game and it's only fair that i don't forget to include the biggest one in this review.The optimization isn't the best sadly, so you might need a stronger pc than what you can see as the minimal requirements, for example i can run DOOM and Battlefield 1 just fine, but i had to adjust my settings in this game to get the optimal fps.With that out of the way, i can only repeat myself: I can only recommend this indie title, you can't really lose much, expect for some free time of course."
,Recommended,407840,22759993,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Cpt. Flint,As of this writing it does not have first person yet. It will be released in a future update.
,Not Recommended,407840,28955050,Posted: 2 January,all,Homeless Cardboard Robot,"God awful, your better off buying red sabre."
,Not Recommended,407840,29014064,Posted: 4 January,all,[SOTV] LordVoid,"Seeing as how they made to big jump to $25 I wouldn't recommend the game, Hell I wouldn't even recommend it for $.01 the game is fun but only for a few minutes, Open World? No. MMORPG, No I recommend ESO (elder Scrolls Online for that). this game used to be fun with friends not its boring as hell and yes they do make threats to people who diss the game. Just yesterday my friend, who writes gaming reviews, was complaining about how bad it was and the company threatened to Hack his Steam account and get him fired from his job. unless he gave this game a positive review. he still wrote the negative review and was talking to his lawyer about everything they said. So overall DO NOT GET THE GAME save your money."
76561198198128471,Not Recommended,407840,33960755,Posted: 1 August,all,Vanilla Milk,This game was very laggy and the tutorial did not work when it would say to do something like attack it would not let me I am playing on a gaming pc and it could not handle this game on low settingswhen it would tell me to attack a dinosaur the dinosaur will not show up
76561198104032229,Recommended,407840,31324791,Posted: 23 April,all,Fibrosis,"First off I have 2 things to mention about this game that makes it great that barely gets mentioned1) every one gets their own drops.  What you see drop on your screen is yours and yours alone so Noone else can grab it unless another player drops it then anyone can pick it up.2) exp is shared.  You only see xp that dinos give when you personally take them out but you get xp for each one no matter who takes care of it.  This let's you level any class regardless of its ability to display out damage equally.  This let's you play your class like support and have fun not worrying about getting The ""kill""Also classes are fairly balanced and the styles of play are pretty varied.  You can even go with a more arcade feel by focusing on orb (temporary skill increases, speed, damage, etc) drops with skills and certain item abilities.Every class has a place and doesn't suck so bad no one wants you there.All In all a good game.  The spaceship battles feel out of place but that's about it.  The player community is pretty awesome.  East to get help with questions leveling or gear."
76561197969569571,Not Recommended,407840,23846694,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,logical,At the moment too many disconnects
,Not Recommended,407840,23234497,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Ephiraal,"I originally thought ""Guardians of Orion"" as it was first called, was a nifty idea. A sci-fi top-down, multiplayer, horde mode shooter - if they added some more characters, differing armor/colour schemes, more maps, team death match, it could be something cool. But then came the third person view, and suddenly the floodgates opened for this weird lobby thing, incomprehensible item-crafting, dumb hats, and you name it.I think a lot of what I said comes from how ambitious the devs are. They don't want to do what I had hoped for, which is strange since that's what it looked like it would've ended up as if not for all the people complaining that it was ""merely"" a top-down shooter. So now we're getting mechs, an open world, first person point of view, and all kinds of stuff in addition to the poorly done and meaningless additions I already mentioned. Trek is shoving so much stuff into the game in order to please as many as possible, that it drags the whole experience down into a mish-mash of half-baked ideas overcrowding what little good there is. ""The Orion Project"" is hardly anything alike what I had hoped it would become... So for me, this is my lesson in early access.Also, animation quality is really bad.Also, had I been aware of Trek's reputation I would've never bought this game to begin with, but thinking like that is hardly helpful, so being vigilant in the future and not an idiot is all one can do."
,Not Recommended,407840,30490396,Posted: 13 March,all,Varaosa,"ENG:Micro payments & in game shop spoil the game experience, i can not recommend the game anymore.FIN:Mikromaksut & pelin sisäinen kauppa pilaavat pelikokemukseni, en voi suositella peliä enään."
,Not Recommended,407840,29202489,Posted: 12 January,all,Discotech *in korea,"I decided to look into this game again. I come back to this game to give it a second chance (more like tenth), and the developers announce they will be doing a reset of accounts for some mysterious reason. Apparently, there were unsolvable bugs (these guys are talented...), unless they did this.Do you know WHY they reset all the accounts? Because of one player who found a bug/exploit and gave a few people some ingame items. (Seriously, that's all I can find. The reason they gave for the reset is ONE video of ONE sod giving some stuff to other people.) Whatever, some joker messed it up for everyone. That's not real problem.You know what really tickles my noodle? Then they offered a compensation package, because y'know people spent hundreds of -in one case almost a thousand- hours playing. AND some spent real cash on their accounts. This ""compensation package/scorecard"" malarkey apparently never worked. There is a megathread of people saying it didn't work. (IMO, to avoid gamers finding this out, it was merged in a NEW compensation thread ""love package."")  To my knowledge, the developers have NOT acknowledged the problem, but instead argued this new compensation is somehow better (it's not for many people).Now you have a $24.00 price increase, as well as an increase in the difficulty to get ingame items/level? (Threads suggest you can't even level much or craft because the update broke so much stuff.) Plus, there happen to be new additions to the store to fully-level your characters without the grind? Do you see where this game is going?Let's draw a very recent comparison with the arch-enemy of David Prassel and Trek, Activision. Did you know they recently introduced an economy breaking bug to one of their most popular games during their Holiday season? This bug allowed players to destroy the economy, and Activision lost countless dollars. Did they reset the accounts? No. They just banned all the people who used the exploit for 48 hours AND allowed them to keep all their stuff!On the other hand, Prassel lost a what may be paltry amount (average players for the last six months is like what? 20?). Then they reset all the accounts, losing countless value for players, including irretrievable time (invaluable).Activision didn't administer the best punishment, but it's far better than Trek's. It's a sad day when Activision is AGAIN a better company than Trek...Here's a summary from other reviews and the forum....And this is apart from the developers blaming players for not being interested enough in their game, and spending more money (developers are reactionary - not actionary... lol). Or, that the game consists of almost none of the promises by the Trek team (no Pokemon copy, no racing, no boarding, etc.). Or the first activision fiasco. Or the theft of art (for the nth time). Or, it's fourth crowdfunding (three kckstrt and one Indiegogo). Or the alleged threats to seek people out in real life, sue, etc. Or, the new Patreon. Or, the promises for $1.00 for life. Or, the promises for five years of support, monthly updates, no wait ten years of support. Or, the four name changes. Or, the notion that the game is somehow modular. Or, the time the dev said anyone could build this game and if players didn't like it they should build their own (yet they struggled with a bug/exploit). Or, mocking a Star Citizen dev? Or, posting its ""Every"" man's sky... You get my point.I want to repost this section from my old review. It remains largely unchanged since March/April.----The problem lies in the future of the game, the developers and their business plan. IMO, If you buy this game now, and likely in the future, you are going toa) waste a lot of time trying to get credits to buy new classes. Conversion rates force players to spend inordinate amounts of time to buy any extras (guardians, etc.).b) or spend a ridiculous about of money - on top of your ""dollar game"" to buy future content (premium content, as it's been called). The Elite package is the perfect example. To buy the classes alone you could nearly buy a new release AAA title.c) deal with the developers making choices for the player, frequently changing their minds, and being told to deal with it. I would consider the developers toxic.d) deal with a toxic player led community leader system that is supported by the devs - which is already abusive to players. The first name-shaming and punishment vote from the Galactic Council is an example(^I seem to have predicted the future with these...)It's pretty obvious this is becoming a F2P (*Edit here- It is now more like Fee-To-Pay than Free-2-Play, since that plan of theirs failed) cash-cow. You buy into the game for cheap (soon free), and then you are encouraged to spend money to get different classes, etc. You are told it's cheap, and there is a lot to do... But all those features feel hollow. It's a facade. By the looks of things, what you need to buy is only going to pile up. When a game has a cash store for content in early access, that is a bad sign. To me, it feels like the devs are tacking on a form of DLC in EA.Finally, I feel there are some ethical issues with the devs. A few months back they encouraged players to buy the game. They pretty much came out and said development was going to halt, and that they were then going to sell it for a dollar. I bought it at that time thinking development was close to finishing, and I wanted to support the devs. Plus, I got a discount.This is when they really decided to split founders access from regular players (May 2nd). While yes, people were told to activate their account online, any players who did pay a higher price or fund the game with the intent to help and didn't activate the game... Are now shafted by the devs. These people will have to resort to either buying the content that they payed for - taking the loss if they purchased the game at a higher price, or spending hours and hours playing to get ingame currency.WAIT!? What about all that content coming in the future? It still doesn't change that for me I feel the devs crossed a line with this tactic. I understand the counterargument ""well, you were told you had to do it before then."" I just don't agree with it. I don't agree with advertising the game with benefits, when you don't seem willing to give those benefits to the players (or then change them).Also, David is really not a stellar guy (see art theft fiasco), but too many people have talked about that.-------------This review is my opinion (and a WIP). Y'all know that right? Do some research for yourselves, folks, that's all I ask. You'll see where I'm coming from.This game is utter trash, and IMO should be reported to Valve and local advertising agencies for false advertisement."
76561198038047199,Not Recommended,407840,25173718,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jaster,Just because the game is the same price as a Kit-Kat does not make it as good as one.
,Not Recommended,407840,23822813,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Uni S. Cornelius,"ORION expands on ORION Prelude by adding in new enemies, classes, and more. The gunplay was nice and the gamemodes simple. It feels like every other arena/survival shooter and then some. It's also some good fun if you can get into. My problem? Optimization is abysmal. I had to play in what was below optimal (less then 600x480) resolutions to even get playable FPS (20) and even then I had below 30. I use potato computer but I mean, I can play killing floor 2 on 800x600 with at least 30 fps consistently. KF2 is also the same game that has 100+ enemies on screen at a time with up to 6 other players going berserk and the game still looked nice and had some ""big"" maps. ORION, on all low settings, looks awful and completely bland yet I can't get 30 fps or atleast playable 20 with making the game look like crap and making everything all pixelly and blurry because of the resolution? I've also saw people with ""Decent"" computers need to tweak settings to low and mess with files to get their 60+ fps. ORION Prelude was the same way. I can't recommend this game to people with potato computers or even people with halfway decent computers until optimization is improved. If you have a high-end pc or god tier, then by all means get ORION. You'll love it.For now it's a thumbs down until devs can optimize the game."
,Not Recommended,407840,28913942,Posted: 1 January,all,Jeff,"Developer is an idiot who threatens to sue people for not liking his ""game"" that used to cost 1-2$ dollars and has inexplicably gone up in price so much while still being very,very bad.Don't support the money-grubbing and evil practices this dev uses.I would refund if i could,but i bought this game in early access when it still looked promising and the truth about the devs stealing game assets and threatening people hadn't come out."
76561198097861697,Not Recommended,407840,29596590,Posted: 30 January,all,Willrocks147,I remember launch date when people played. I decided to come back. 0 players to play with. Aint this a fun game with no players.
76561198004615277,Not Recommended,407840,28968431,Posted: 2 January,all,whinejamin,Its the same thing a ♥♥♥♥ing orion prelude you guys just renamed it and its still a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥you think you can pull a fast one and go on a last ditch money grab well your ♥♥♥♥ing wrog
,Not Recommended,407840,34266129,Posted: 15 August,all,StartSKY & PRISMheat,"this is a joke gameokay. okay. I will clarify.After 20 minutes of letting the splash screen sit on my desktop I alt-f4dThen the game sprang to life.when you join offline mode, I personally, was put on a map without anyone or anything to do and it was birdseye view-top down-twin stick shooter mode. And it had 1000% worse controls than the game 'Hatred'.now for the real edit.I just now made an online account.  Played the buggy tutorial (pass a screen and there is no appreant way to reread what you are supposed to do) and saw how delayed and bad the controls were. Saw the joke guns and listened to the disney music and sounds. Killed some REALLY COOL LOOKING RAPTORs.  And the game went to my scorecard of 'F' (no worries) and it would not let me move my mouse down to click the confirmation button. (12801024 must be bugged)So.. I still stand that this is not a game I would reccomend to people but not a joke game.It appeared to me as if at first that all the adverts were lying and it was a broken twin stick shooter that didn't even work with my 360 controller.  So with the OVERWHELMINGLY negative stances i assumed this was why and moved on with my day.I will try again sometime later to progress further but I really dont have high hopes for it.  I want a dinosaur video game more than anyone but this game seemingly is buggy as hell and the controls are muddy.I'm trying not to let pretty dinosaurs cloud my judgement."
,Not Recommended,407840,32679880,Posted: 23 June,all,|RƎ||_§§¤\\ //,The trailer legit looks nothing like the game.
76561198248038434,Recommended,407840,23743043,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Your Ass is Grass,For 1$ out get a game that has more content than most 60$ Games and the game is not even close to being done by far one of the best games i ever played.
76561198044272549,Not Recommended,407840,24148575,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,muffins,"""""The ultimate Space Adventure and Combat Video Game for PC. The Orion Project is a living, breathing and Persistent Universe allowing for you to travel the Galaxy and experience Open World Gameplay like never before!""""Everything in that sentence couldnt be further from the truth.  This game is nothing like they describe it.  Extremly boring for my taste.  And id like to know why they claim this game is open world because clearly it is not by any means.  Its more of a defense / fps game then anything else.Don't buy this."
76561198044079581,Not Recommended,407840,21686605,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Eaissyth,"Current Game Rating  [Room for Improvement]As of current in early excess I commend the developers for putting the game at 90% sale for players to play and be able to bring their opinions of good and bad across to them. Remember this game is still in the process of improving. Still it is not recommended as of current but in the future who knows.Some points stated matters more to me than to others so for now IMO:+ Beautiful Graphics to look at especially in the FPS perspective+ Personalized gameplay style with the skill tree system+ Personal looting avoiding fighting for loot+ Really unique creatures to fight with their own- when playing in lower graphic settings, character model is hard to see and blends into the surrounding (setting options need to be better?)- Too little game modes- Auto uses the Accouting username for IGN- Bad mixture of Robots and Dino enemies in one game run. Makes it feel like there is no faction and everyone is teamed up againts you- Bullets get absorbed by other players but doesnt deal"
,Not Recommended,407840,30047849,Posted: 19 February,all,Pondo,I like to visit this page to read the newly added negative reviews.
,Not Recommended,407840,21067166,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Maita,"Waiting simulator 2016Honestly, I expected better from this game. This game gets repetitive and boring very fast. Spent 30 mins on it and they were the most boring 30 mins I had this week. There is a lack of action. Don't even bother with solo, you will get bored in first 5 minutes. When playing online with 3 other players, you get like 15 seconds of action and then you wait for almost a minute for next wave of dinos. There is nothing to do when waiting except running around and doing nothing. And it goes in a loop like this. Probably the same applies when playing with friends. Some guns (like shotgun) are too OP. Spoke with other players in team chat, they agreed with everything I just wrote. Can't think of any good aspects of this game. 3 words: Repetitive, boring, confusing. Can't recommend this game to anyone.10/10 would buy waiting simulator again."
,Not Recommended,407840,21004338,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,∅ NULL ∅ 20!8,This is bugged and not optimized game with no sense.
,Recommended,407840,24219298,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dr. | Line | The Kingslayer,"Don't listen to the people literally throwing whiny baby tantrums over a $0.50 game.  A game that you can purchase by finding two quarters lying on the ground somewhere, five dimes, ten nickles, or fifty pennies.  Or a big boy JFK half dollar.The game itself has a lot of promise for being so cheap, the developers consistently release new content and gameplay, and do so a lot faster than other early access games that have a much larger price tag.  The gameplay is pretty okay, its simple with a few classes, each with your own variety of cosmetic junk attached to them.  Is it worth the price tag?  ♥♥♥♥ yes, you see people ♥♥♥♥♥ing with over 50 hours in the game.  That's an hour of fun per penny.You would think with the recent reviews rolling in that the Orion devs broke into your house, murdered your family, and then♥♥♥♥♥♥on their corpses, all while forcing you to look at all of it with a big Orion brand over it.Its a dirt cheap okay game that is pretty fun to play with friends.  That's saying more than half the garbage thats listed under Early Access on Steam"
,Not Recommended,407840,29171728,Posted: 10 January,all,Minak,"It's really poor and just boring for me, looks like early alpha or whatever. Shouldn't be released yet I think. I bought it for 0,49€ that price was reasonable. Don't pay 23€ for it, whoever reading this."
,Not Recommended,407840,29215669,Posted: 12 January,all,JakeTheIceMan,"I'm not going to tell you about developer scams and threats.I'm going to tell you about a game.Let me list the reasons not to buy this game:This game runs poorly and has notable input delay, on thelowest settings, using a computer with theRecommended specsThis game tried to be a RPG, but the system is overly linear and poorly made (but still requires insane amounts of grinding to not get butchered at hard mode)This game says it has a space fighting section, but that costs extra, if iteven exists.This game isPAY TO WIN. You cant sell high level gear and instant level 50 status in a game boasting pvpThis gameThe old game had so many fans.It still has a lot of fans.They didn't need to try to reinvent the wheel.All they needed to do was throw some new paint on it and sell it.Honestly, I think they could, and should, scrap this game and go repaint the wheel that is known as Orion: PreludeOrion: Prelude was, and is, in my opinion, and the opinion of everyone who I have played it with, a fantastic game to play with friends.Prelude is just, unfortunately, one of those games that needs a lot of players to get more player playing.And that probably wont happen since the playerbase is declining.Orion: Prelude is a good gameDon't judge a game based on the jerks who play it. If you wanna see people be jerks to new players, try being a new player in unranked on CS:GOThey're just salty cause they wanted the vehicle you grabbed.tl;drOrion: Preludeis a good game.This game is trash.I'm not going to tell you to buy Orion: PreludeI will suggest you look at it, its only a buck right now, and I bought it full price, no regrets. Afterall, you can alwaysrefund steam games[.I will, however, tell you not to buy this game until Trek gets it's♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Not Recommended,407840,29338789,Posted: 18 January,all,Tom,literaly a game with just 1 content: harvest. marketing model is full of bulls. ain't worth investing at it's current state
,Not Recommended,407840,28677983,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gecko,"I wish there was an inbetween button for this, becuse of the following:PROS:-Great Graphics-Kind of fun-I bought it for $1-You get to Shoot Dinosaurs-Some weapon VarietyCons:-The devs have a bad history of being scetchy-it now costs $20+-Bad local multiplayer-Repetitive-Bad server setupConclusion:This game is fun in small doses, but as a $20+ game it just isn't worth it. so to all you who think ""Gee that game looks like the bee's knees,"" it isn't. Trust me."
,Not Recommended,407840,28688377,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,testosterownlol,"Game is in a pretty bad state.Microtransactions will successfully charge your steam wallet, but you won't get what you bought.Contacting dev/support team leaves you with no answer.This game has seen its hay day. Its safe to say that you should stay away from this game now and in the future. Its a rip off which is rapidly going down hill.Don't waste your money here.Test"
,Not Recommended,407840,28662778,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Princess Cosby,"Not nearly as good as the orion prelude, this game is a letdown"
,Not Recommended,407840,29403118,Posted: 21 January,all,Pasteur,"After advocating for this game for a long time (about a year now) I am afraid I can no longer reccomend it. The game itself is relatively bland in almost all aspects. It takes me 5 minutes to load up, longer than rust, and is not even that graphically advanced. It is extremely poorly optimized. The description, by the way, is a total lie, as there is no rpg elements, there is no rpg, it really isnt an mmo per se, and it certaintly isn't ""the ultimate"" shooter as it claims to be. It used to be a dollar, and that was fine for how much this game sinks into mediocrity compared to the detailed and highly thought out update notifications. It hurts me to say that this developer has backed out on promises even worse than those of hello games during the no man's sky fiasco.Now, if you check some of my other reviews, you will notice my orion prelude review is positive. That game is signifigantly better, more well thought out, and even cheaper. If you truly feel the urge to shoot dinosaurs with lasers, I would definitely reccomend prelude."
84397682935898676,Not Recommended,407840,34470700,Posted: 24 August,all,Puffy Thing,game is broken af cant even get past training and when i went into the settings to disable it still made me go back trying to play online and just broke it more so i had to alt f4 the game :L trek plz fix
,Not Recommended,407840,34489660,Posted: 25 August,all,superstonystogie,Even for the price i got on it for 25% off i wouldnt recomend it. Its just frustrating having to go thru a buggy totorial then having to check the controls to see how to change your field of view. Then when i aciddentally clicked on one of the button controls it asked me to enter a new button to use. I pushed all the buttons and it wouldnt let me enter a new button. And it also takes about 3 to 4 minuets to load up.
,Recommended,407840,22787847,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,died.,Amazing soundtrack.
,Not Recommended,407840,28888216,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SirNoj,"I rarely review games, which is because I tend to get so absorbed into them and enjoy them I forget about promoting them anywhere except in person.HOWEVER. This game has promised so much throughout time, space travel, several guardians, etc.Which has now ""come to pass"" suposedly, but only if you want to pay another $100 ontop of what you have already paid for for the base game, (and it doesn't scale down if you already have the base game)This is a rip off game from some crap devs that are just looking to make money non stop without actually improving or providing more content.Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,407840,30779003,Posted: 27 March,all,Gaming the Wolf,"the 2.05 update promised a survival feature, but we got harvest with increasing difficulty each wave.That on it's on is disappionting, but the game is not, it's action packed with many enviroments to choose from (and more to come), it looks amazing and it has decent character customization.The best part is you can play it in first-person, third-person, or top-down."
76561198353914010,Recommended,407840,30661774,Posted: 21 March,all,[RK] Wuzapo,"Love this game!!! This is pretty much an updated versoin of orion plelude with way better graphics, gameplay, and all around goodness.  DO NOT BUY THE $30 VERSION, THEY HAVE A STARTER PACK FOR $1 THAT IS PRETTY MUCH THE SAME THING!"
76561198233241416,Recommended,407840,23710773,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Caleb,Instead of purchasing a cheeseburger I decided to buy this instead. it was totally worth it.
76561198065201827,Not Recommended,407840,34216312,Posted: 13 August,all,GedenGertha,It's just not fun.
,Recommended,407840,23959784,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Arkage,So i played in this game about 1 hour and now i can make this reviewPros:- Good graphic- Very good graphic- T-Rex- Low price (even w/o discount)Cons:- Bugs- Imbalanced T-Rex (no)So this game is pretty good :P
,Not Recommended,407840,29267307,Posted: 15 January,all,『kirra kuween』,"♥♥♥♥♥poor optimization, stolen content, and overall a currently underwhelming experience."
,Recommended,407840,22686755,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,blue,you can shoot dinosaurs with laser! so awesome :O
76561198070414997,Not Recommended,407840,23074526,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,xTcR | Shiroto [IN-M],"Great looking game with solid mechanics, for the price. Unfortunately myself and a handful of other players have some issue where we cannot connect to online play, even after reinstalling, port forwarding, disabling firewalls, running it in combatability mode, etc. There's been several discussion and bug report posts made  in recent months, unfortuately there hasn't been a peep from the developers about the issue, leaving us with online completely unplayable. Too bad, as the offline really shows the games promise."
,Not Recommended,407840,24083634,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel,"TLDR:It's an overall fun, though not very deep, coop shoot-em-up, with a developer that has a history of stealing assets and being disingenious with players about this. I would advise against supporting the devloper at this time. If you want to try out the game, wait until August 2016, when the game is going F2P.More Thoughts:There are 3 aspects to this review:1) The game in its current state2) The game's projected future3) The developers history---ONE---In its current state, the game is as follows: it's a loot-based, wave-based coop shooter, with science-fiction themes and a certain Juarassic Park vibe to it. To those who liked the idea of ARK, but wanted more immediate action and less survival in the game, this would certainly seem very appealing.The game starts with you in the Hub-world, where you can choose between 1 of 3 starting classes (called guardians in the game). You can equip items, access the shop, and level up in this location. You can also switch between these classes at any point after returning from a mission.You can then launch an instance of a specific gamemode, on a map and difficulty of your choosing, keeping in mind that higher difficulties provide more loot. This loot is found in the form of augments that provide stat alterations to your character when equipped. Skills are pretty much unlocked right from the get-go, but can be augmented in a relatively passive way via spending upgrade points in the skill tree back in the hub world.The gamemodes in the game consist of either escorting a harvester through a finite number of waves until the mission end, or endure a endless horde survival mode. Both play relatively similarly, though the Harvester escort missions are a little bit easier for new players to get used to and earn some minor starting gear. You can also earn crafting materials that you can then use to craft specific items.While in mission, the player can switch the camera at any time between a top-down, 3rd person, and 1st person perspective. Ocassionally on certain waves, a boss will spawn, normally in the form of a large dinosaur that has 1 or 2 attack patterns, a lot of health, and deals a significant ammount of damage.And that's all the game offers.Here's my thoughts on the gameplay at the moment:While the idea of a dino-shoot-em-up is certainly nothing new, the idea of the switching perspective certainly intrigued me. The problem is, that in order to make the top-down perspective feasible, the aiming, level layout, enemy behaviour, and player movement are incredibly limited and quite frankly boring.Often, when playing in 3rd or 1st person, you will find yourself being overwhelmed by enemies, due to the incredibly limited field of view. Furthermore, the levels have areas that seem like you should be able to go through them, like certain stone arches on ruins, but because of arbitrary invisible walls you are restricted to following an incredibly linear track.  Combine this with the incredibly low max height on all maps which are an absolute nerf to the class with the jetpack, and movement is an absolute bore to deal with. The only benefit of playing in 3rd or 1st person is that it makes shooting down air-borne enemies slightly easier. Other than that, playing in 3rd or 1st person is just thoroughly unenjoyable.So, the gimmick that made this game interesting in the first place and set it apart gameplay wise is already not what I hoped it might be.The game's troubles don't stop there.The maps themselves don't have anything interesting other than a slightly different visual style. They feel and play exactly the same. The only difference in the difficulty that the game seems to have is to turn everything into a bullet sponge. Weapon balancing is practically non-existent. The shotgun is just the best weapon type in the game, having the same kind of range you might expect an assault rifle to have in any other kind of game. The enemies are boringly predictable and unsophisticated. They just rush at you, and don't do anything else.Personally, I'm not a fan of loot-driven games. Very few of them offer anything beyond ""OOOH, look at my damage number increase"". There is no point in Orion to doing anything but increasing the DPS of your character as much as possible, as you would have to be incredibly incompetent to be hit by any attacks.The progression system is incredibly badly structured as well, as the currency you need in order to unlock new classes is fed to you drop-wise, and necessitates spending ludicrous ammounts of currency on buying the in-game premium currency ""ion"" that I would most certainly classify this as a pay2play model. There's grinding for a certain ammount of time, and then there's this. Just... no. I would be appaled to see this in a F2P game, but when you're already asking for an admission price? No. It approaches Warframe levels of grindyness, without having a movement or combat system nearly refined enough to make it barable to some.The core concept behind the game is fun. Mowing down dinosaurs with other people _is_ fun. And there _is_ a certain satisfaction that I'm unable to deny that I feel when I pump a shotgun round into a pterodactyl and make it fall out of the sky.That being said, all the other areas of the game negatively impact my experience too much, and constantly overshadow this core dynamic, that I find myself not enjoying the game for all its many downsides. The premium shop is the final nail in the game's current coffin.---TWO---Ok, so I railed on about the problems that the game currently has for quite some time in the preceeding section. This section is going to be a bit more hopeful.The developer has projected more enemy, gametype, and class variety coming up. There is also going to be a larger social space, as well as a narrative-driven campaign released at some point over the next 12 months. And the developer, at least when it comes to upholding those kinds of promises, seems to have a pretty good track record. There _is_ a section on the developer's forums dedicated to feedback, I'll look into it and see what kind of game balancing the developers have in mind for the future. However, when I previously looked, I was unable to find a concrete list of goals that the developer has in mind... so it may very well be non-existent.However, judging by the current implementation of past promises, while the developer certainly seems to have followed through on those promises, I can't help but feel like the systems that ended up being implemented were incredibly shallow and only featued just enough content to satisfy the terms of the developer's promise.So, again, it's an early access title, with a lot of grand promises for its future. Buyer beware. Personally, I'll revisit the game during each update and augment this review as needed.Speaking of the developer's track record...---THREE---Alright, so this is the part where I talk about the recent controversy.For those not aware, Activision (yes, THAT Activision) filed a DMCA claim against the game developer for having stolen art-assets in the game.The developer initially bitterly and furiously refuted these claims, and when he realized that people were actually looking into this and finding out that Activision was indeed in the right, shifted his blame to the contract artist.This isn't the first time this has happened either.Assets in Orion:Prelude were grabbed from a  sci-fi marine v alien shoot-em-up called Natural Selection 2.More were also stolen from anotherDINOSAURshooter called Primal Carnage.And time and time again, the products have been renamed and rebranded in order to avoid the negative image that the developer has garnered. I would not trust the developer, given his track record. Neither should you.I hope you found this review helpful.Feel free to ask me questions."
,Not Recommended,407840,21489030,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Rooster24.18,I loved orion : Prelude it was my favorite game but now this Guardians of Orion is not as nearly as good...No first person only 2 modes plus it took out my favorite thing BEING ABLE TO BE THE DINOSAURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would give this a thumbs up if they added this..
,Recommended,407840,25900243,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ShotgunWaffle,"A pretty great game for the price. For .99 it offers more gameplay than most $20 games, with more content planned. The performance does suffer some, and the gunplay needs some tweaks, but take some friends and have a blast, it's just a dollar."
76561198255539541,Recommended,407840,22830406,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Kiyo_Cabessa,Bring Me Some Pizza11/10
,Recommended,407840,23955305,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ironside451,"This game is super rough around the edges in many places, but of course it is it’s in alpha. Honestly I don’t really know what this game is, the direction its going, or what to expect from it in the future. All I know is It’s been a wild ride seeing this game go from a twin stick shooter to a top down/third person/first-person shooter strategy Star Citizen MMO thing."
,Recommended,407840,22743097,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SnoWolf,"The fun and the gameplay comparing to its price is unbelievable. If I had to choose between watching my teammates getting banged by a T-Rex and playing this game, I would choose this game and watch my teammates getting banged by the T-Rex !!!9/10  (10/10 Coming soon, In future it turns into a RPG Open-World game.)"
,Not Recommended,407840,21028227,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,blackarcher,"I Can't and WON'T recommend this game anymore. Why? Each Major update makes the game crappier, adding new ""Features"" no-one wants or asks for and what's the Devs response on this?""Hey it's our decision, it stays. don't like it? too bad! deal with it! ;)""That's just pathetic. Game is going to die sooner or later.I deeply regret my stupidity, that i bought the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Elite package PURELY to support those guys, 1 day after they gone back on the store and 1 day before they announced this F2P ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Stay away and grab Prelude instead - which barely gets updates anymore (which is GOOD) and is free!"
,Recommended,407840,22670517,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Fry_rice123,"This is such an amazing game, especially for the price. There's honestly so much content right now, and the devs are only adding more. Everyone buy this game ASAP, cuz i guarantee the price will raise when it completes early access. I can honestly say that this game will turn into a monster that rivals the big budget names."
76561198010124435,Recommended,407840,22845415,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,[SOSIG] PBL616,"The game is in early access and totally worth it's current price, even tho it is a bit buggy and has some features that still need a lot of work on them. Looking how devs are active and actually take sugestions from community, I feel pretty optimistic about this game, even now it's already enjoyable."
76561198043619055,Not Recommended,407840,23868156,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DEADLIGHT,"OK so i really like this game and just got banned form the forums because they changes one thing they offered  in the elite pack with the new update witch me and alot of others payed for.So the dev tells us that the love pack will come out at the beginning of 2017 and will be given to everyone for free not just elites.Witch is all well and good but he can't even tell us why and that him saying they r giving us the love pack should be fine.At least own ur mistakes trek and tell us why.I blindly suported this game and its dev i let them take my money and was happy to let them shame on me.DEADLIGHT  has Guardians of Orion (Banned) 1 hour agolol like talking to a brick wall.We payed alot of money ur love is something ur giving to everyone even people who payed $1 this is not good.#34Trek Industries, Inc  [developer] 1 hour agoYour ION is more-than being replaced, it is being doubled.If you want to argue over a $1 fake item (the ion value, as other $99 is on the real stuff) with all the information presented, be our guest! But we've responded in full :)Last edited by Trek Industries, Inc; 55 minutes ago#35DEADLIGHT  has Guardians of Orion (Banned) 1 hour agoWhat BS we payed alot more then a dam $1 the worst part is u try turn it around on us for argueing yet u won't even own ur mistake clap clap Good Sir clap clap.#36Trek Industries, Inc  [developer] 51 minutes agoOriginally posted by DEADLIGHT:What BS we payed alot more then a dam $1 the worst part is u try turn it around on us for argueing yet u won't even own ur mistake clap clap Good Sir clap clap.You're either misunderstanding or intentionally trying to spread false information. The $1 relates to the ION value as discussed above and linked to the conversion ratio. Not your purchase or entry price.You need to read/search before posting and definitely follow the rules. Take a time out to do such and hopefully you return in a better state. See you in a week!"
,Not Recommended,407840,35393075,Posted: 1 October,all,ｍａｒｔｙ－ｏ,like Destiny but worsealso the devs are shady and immature
76561198070663965,Recommended,407840,22787233,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vincenzo,"Good game. Fun to play with friends, simple gameplay.Devs are transparent in the developpement of the game. They ask for the opinion of the players, which is IMO really cool. New updates often, which is also cool!Totally recommend it."
,Not Recommended,407840,29475221,Posted: 24 January,all,LonghornRed,"Highly disappointed in this game. It's more like a working tech demo at best. It's buggy, sounds are missing or out of sync, UI leaves much to be desired as does the whole game. It severely lacks in content and the ""MMO"" part is like a giant echo chamber. Not to mention locking other classes behind a ""grind wall"" where you have to max one class, to unlock another. The sparce meat on this game is HORRIBLE compared to Orion: Prelude (which I love).It's better to play all the classes from the get-go and grind them while having fun playing the game as I grind. Because, you know, that should be the idea if you're going to grind-have fun while doing it. This game makes grinding a NIGHTMARE. I would rather grind in Warframe as a MR0 scrub all over again than play this shoddy excuse for a game. It's like Space Engineer, except slightly more fun and somewhat optimized.$100 USD for Elite Edition? You're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me. Not for a tech demo. Orion: Prelude is worth $10 USD and is a complete game with a much better microtransaction implimentation. Guardians of Orion is just dying to milk me for money.Thus the decline of Trek Industries Inc.Uninstalled. Even if it was for free, not worth playing until the game is finished...which may take five years."
,Not Recommended,407840,29835638,Posted: 10 February,all,Sergeant Gunny,"Meh, you get what you pay for.  Generic shooter good for about maybe a half hour of gameplay,  They updated the icon for the game a while back to show something like a viper space fighter in a dogfight, so I checked it out again thinking it was something different that wa also involving spaceship combat.  It wasn't, and I was disappointed."
,Not Recommended,407840,28965038,Posted: 2 January,all,Mindbuzz,"For 27.99 CDN, you can forget it. If I bought this for that price, I would be livid. Now, I think I might have purchased this for a dollar somehow (maybe got it in a bundle), really I don't know how I got it.I was a fan of the first Orion. But not this one. Sorry.Stick with the one that cost a buck, and make sure to buy 27 friends the game too. Then you can't go wrong."
76561197978536249,Not Recommended,407840,34451977,Posted: 23 August,all,The Quack,"Unfortunately, nobody plays this anymore :(Cannot recommend an empty MP game"
,Not Recommended,407840,21040532,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,primus8773,Ive spent about four hours trying to get this game to work. Never does.
76561198024998110,Not Recommended,407840,23847465,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,101Bobbie,"The ""Play Online"" button doesn't do anything, which is a bit of a bummer because this game is clearly balanced with multiplayer in mind. Even on easy mode, single-player is near-impossible as you get overrun immediately by enemies. I will change this review if this rather massive bug is fixed.EDIT: Rebooting fixed this. However, this game still feels, plays, and looks like early alpha - give it a few months for them to fix some of the bugs and add more features before investing your time."
76561198060644661,Not Recommended,407840,19702720,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Crusader158,"Get dropped off, protect an excavator or whatever it is, kill a bunch of dinosaurs, rinse and repeat only on 3 other levels over and over. That's the game.I had hopes for this game getting a fix with the issues it has with BitDefender and Windows Defender as well. It is not a priority for the Devs right now and doesn't seem like it will be. I did have this game working briefly and the little time I was able to put into it got boring pretty quick. There is not much to the game even though it is early access. Unless there is a fix for poeple using these particular anti-viruses, I would save your money for something else. Even if this game did work for me it is not worth $20. I would say at most $8-$10 max and thats being generous. I think the biggest let down for this game was the support from the devs. I think the ocmmunity spent more time trying to solve this issue then they did."
76561198263902106,Recommended,407840,21866481,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Iggy,"Game has good gameplay styles: top-down mode or third person 3D mode (personally i like the 3D mode) game is better than the original with better AI and new dinosaurs, it has heaps more classes to choose from and now lets you make your own character.But The disadvantages of the game is their is no first person shooter mode at the moment and a little bit buggy becasue the game just came out last year (but these guys will do well to make the game work well like they did with orion prelude) and no trading cards but they might add it laterBut is totally worth its price if u get it for 1$ when it's on sale 7/10"
,Recommended,407840,22670777,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Alles Klar Herr Kommissar,This game is only 1 euro? (Discount)And basicaly you get:A space explorer game?A PvE against dino's?????????????A THIRD/FIRST PERSON SHOOTER / TOP VIEW?!!!!!!This game is great and should be worth more than 10 euroKeep going devs!  You're better than EA... You actually update the game ahahaha
76561197982196124,Recommended,407840,21139452,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Rhod,"I am really impressed by this game so far.It still is early in its development phase so if you are not fond of early access you might not like that.I bought it on sale and it really feels like a steal.Let's go with the classic pros and cons:Pros:-It has dinosaurs!-It has already five classes-the multiplayer is good, i have not experienced any lag so far.-It looks rather good, it could be better but it is really far from ugly.-It has a lot of loot, and an interesting crafting system.-it has a decent amount of weapons and this will get better with time.-it can be pretty intense with 4 players-it is objective based, i mean yes it is a simple horde game, but you know why you are camping: to defend a harvesterwich makes me think of the one in the command and conquer serie so i can't really complain.-You will fight against a T-rex and many other bosses ;)Cons:-Poorly optimised, i can run it on max settings at around 40 fps with a gtx970, which is a bit annoying, especially if you have even worse hardware. The game looks good but not good enough to justify the low fps i am getting.-Grindy, well yes it was to be excpected but still pretty damn grindy.Pretty boring when playing solo.-It needs more variety especially class wise and gear wise, but it is early access so it should be expected.-It can be repetitive, but well it is an horde game so you know what you are buying right ;)-3rd person view, i personaly hate that as i prefer the fps style, but you can also switch with a top down view if you think it is unbearable.Tl;DR:This game has a lot of potential, i recommend buying it on sale, but if the devs keep on working on it as they started this could become a classic."
,Recommended,407840,23710876,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MontanaUmami,"One of my favourite games at the moment and one of the hardet reviews for me to write.First of all the game is by far not finished but after what I`ve read in the last months about TREK industries we have a really good chance to get a finished and relly cool game in the future. I`m allready looking forward to PvP, Mechs and especially the announced OpenWorld. So far I liked almost every single update.The current version already allowed me to have a ton of fun and waste more than 100 hours. And I´m not even close to reach all limits like max level and perfect equipment. I bought the game earlier in a sale for 2Euro so less then 2 Cent per hour which sounds like a good deal for me. Now it`s only half the price so from my point of view you can`t do anything wrong with this.One additional thing about ORION is the extranice community. Helping out with questions in the chat or even giving some high tier items is other than in games i played before almost usual. So if you are new and meet me ingame (Montana) or the most other highlevel players i know just feel free to ask whatever you want to know or whatever you need support with. By the way, when you join a game just say high, you`re wellcome in nearly every round i guess ;)My final and probably most positive point with this is that you can share your found bugs easily with the developers and they are taking care of them and you can often see them fixed in the near future.All in all not yet perfect but already great to play and it has potential i believe in more than in any other early access-game on steam."
,Not Recommended,407840,29890433,Posted: 12 February,all,Epicsurvivor21,"bought at 1 dollar now its 30, wait whatEDIT : NOW ITS A DOLLAR AGAIN WHAT!?"
,Not Recommended,407840,29479990,Posted: 25 January,all,Stalky :D,No man Sky Edition
76561198125077405,Not Recommended,407840,29623555,Posted: 1 February,all,Gandon,nice NO!!!
,Recommended,407840,30706376,Posted: 24 March,all,Spyfire01,"I didn't want to buy the game (bad reviews, bad rep, ...) but it's like the best game on steam you can get for $1!!You shouldn't buy the Pioneer / Elite Edition but the Starter Edition is definitely worth the money.I highly recommend playing it because it's fun with friends or alone and the graphics look cool :D"
,Not Recommended,407840,29866912,Posted: 11 February,all,็󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,I never felt like like a saint until i donated a dollar.
,Not Recommended,407840,33888808,Posted: 29 July,all,Spazz,"ffuuuucckkk this gameI actually kinda like the first game in a ""my god what a train"" kinda way, this one is just really bland and boring, and no one is ♥♥♥♥ing playing this."
,Recommended,407840,23462030,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,josh.chang.28,"Amazing game, totally worth it. I play more and more every week, and their regular updates are quite substantial."
76561198046868104,Recommended,407840,23799888,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Alasdair,"This game is incredibly fun. I picked this game up for 49 cents on sale (originally a dollar), thinking it would be just an ordinary indie shooter with subpar graphics and clunky movement/gameplay. I couldn't have been more wrong.Pros• Stunning graphics, thanks to Unreal Engine 4. They're smooth and shiny!• Customization! Though it's minimal with really only helmets for now, it makes up in skins, hats, etc..• Wide array of ""Guardians"" to choose from, filled with their own loadouts and abilities to help the team.• Fun gamemodes! Harvest; you guide a Harvester to collect materials while fending off the dinos/occasional robots, for ten rounds. Survival is exactly how it sounds. Surivive for ten rounds!• Lastly, squading up with people is hands down a great experience. Playing solo can become tedious and depressing, but with friends, I'll play this game more often.Cons• Occasional lag drop spikes. This normally occurs on the space station. (likely because of syncing all the players together in one instance)• Easy and Medium difficulty feels the same (easy mode), plus they give same rarity of loot. Hard mode, however, does feels like a hard mode.• Partying up is difficult with your friends on Steam. The four of us tried many ways, but apparently praying you spawn on the same station so you can invite to party in-game, is the most efficient way to do so. Steam invites have really only worked 65% of the time..• Not so much a complaint, but it would be nice to be a male recon class. I thought putting on the male mesh would convert it for each class, but apparently not. Don't get me wrong, it doesn't bother me to play as a female, but it just opens that door for class diversity, which to me, would be cool.• The shotguns in the game can snipe and it's really scary. My friend can shoot pteradactlys out of the sky from a long distance. Increase spread??• On a funny note, Assualt class can be annoying. Why did hehaveto say, ""look at me go!!!!"", every time he used the jetpack.. In what world would anyone say that? (It is a very fun class to use, though!)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------These are a small amount of cons that I'm confident will come to be fixed over time. This game is fun to play with friends and looks like it has a promising future. Definitely worth the 49 cents on sale! (1 dollar without the sale.) I will recommend to anyone!"
,Recommended,407840,31549838,Posted: 4 May,all,tomyluza,"It's a very good game! I didn't played the online mode but with the offline mode i played as you see, 46 minutes!The price is very cheap and it's better than other 1$ games!"
76561198123554473,Not Recommended,407840,21015529,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,One Munch Pan,it lag so much i coud do barley any thing i want a refun
76561197978430460,Not Recommended,407840,24622615,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,liviliam,"There is an easy way to descirbe this game.You get what you pay for.Pay £29,99 and expect a nice juicy T bone steakPay £0.79 and expect a spam sandwich."
76561198058783586,Recommended,407840,23528707,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mahdondez,"when i saw the trailer for this game, i was like...HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING. I then bought this game for me and my friend. When we loaded in a multiplayer game, we were like ""why is the camera angle something like an arcade game?"". After 30 minutes we then found out you have to press F1 in order to set your camera on a 3rd person or even 1st person mode. When learning this, the orion project became the best 79p i ever spent"
76561198004846271,Not Recommended,407840,21501263,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,silver vampire,game wont go past the select screen where you choose class and level. keeps saying the controller settings for an xbox and then says connecting to chat then it returns to main menu. pile of trash.also they made the first game 100 times better then this♥♥♥♥♥♥ no vehicles so to speak the graphics suck compared to prelude and the fact that they no longer allow you to buy different weapons or items sucks. they leave in the annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥you have to protect and make it more annoying by making it move so you have to follow it everywhere. the so called loot in this game is nothing more than some crappy stst buffs that i know of you wont find new or better weapons nope the only thing you will find it crap with + stat to give you either more dmg more regen for grenades or more energy regen or healing for the annoying mobile ai controlled mining device. and guess what even though the game looks worse then prelude it still managed to run worse being choopy with bad frames most of the time even low settings runs bad where prelude could easily be run maxed out.
,Not Recommended,407840,21843187,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Karolis | Farmskins.com,"Game is not optimized at all to play in third person since people get massive fps lag (at least on older computers like mine). On lowest settings  (literally pixel graphics) with 6gb ram and 2gb video card i had like max 12-15fps in third person. And still there's stuff like disconnect issues resulting in your character lvl rollback etc. There are also bugs. I dont mind ping being high since it doesnt affect the gameplay much. However, I checked their patchnotes, it's ok that they focus on releasing content like 2 new classes, but come on, first of all at least make the game playable without fps lag, disconnects and other bugs, and then focus on contents. And yes the content is kinda limited too - only like 4 maps, limited skills and guns to each class makes this game boring very quickly. It's ok that you introduce inventory system and crafting, and that you look in the future to make a first person mode and introduce more classes, but for now this game is not worth its price (unless you buy it on sale for like 2-3 euros like i did). Im not even discussing that this game is almost 4 months old and there are less than 700 reviews (not enough promotion done), and online at the very best you gonna find like 5-6 rooms hosted and like 20-30 people playing. I know it's early access and the game looks promising, but the devs are obviously doing something wrong, or not doing good enough."
,Not Recommended,407840,25403047,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Hacker Chogi1337,"The game seems kinda good. I enjoyed Orion: Prelude(Mostly because of Gun Game) and played it for about 18 hours and had a good time. The problem with this game is that it's VERY badly optimized. It ran at 1-80FPS(even when capped at 60 ~_~) and was not stable at all. Turning 'FPS boost' down made the game run better(Whut?) but once i changed a single other option, the game became really blurry and ran about 20-60 FPS. It looked horrrible and was still not stable. Also, when I went on 'Survival' mode, it just loaded up 'Harvest' but on the hardest difficulty... I spawned with 3 massive dinosaurs in front of me and the 'Harvester' was already destroyed.... It also lags in the options.I don't reccomend this game UNTIL it's fixed. It seems to have potential though."
76561198096286928,Recommended,407840,19423329,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Viper,"Awesome! Better models than the older game, and a fun top-down shooter!"
76561198067851126,Recommended,407840,19439570,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I already can't say enough good about this game.First, as much fun as I had with Orio Dino Horde for $1, I felt these guys deserved my $10 on that alone.I was a little worried about seeing it as isometric, but you know what? It really works well! The graphics are good, the controls are smooth (using 360 controller) and the music is absolutely fantastic (I actually wouldn't mind a soundtrack DLC once it is all done).The developer said he designed the game based on him and his fiance liking to co-op together. My wife and I have played a few rounds of this already and had a blast so I can completely see that.Game needs more game modes, weapons, and maps but it is early access and what is already there is surprisingly polished. I am especially impressed with the great early controller support.Update 9/8/16: What is there is still decent but many promises about future content are being made now and I don't see how we could see any of them in the near future. Game trying too hard to be everything rather than polishing the base. Also, shady shady developer. Fun to play with friends and worth the $1 still definitely but don't buy into the hype."
,Not Recommended,407840,30258084,Posted: 1 March,all,4 mana 7/7,Remember when this used to be free to play?
,Not Recommended,407840,24097093,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,lightdragon64,Just don't buy it... even if it is cheap. it wouldn't even be a good game if it was free.Also to note this developer has been guilty of coping assets from other games and had a few of the games pulled down by a  DMCA act. so you can't really trust the developer to create original content...so to summerise this game.-not worth it
76561198004408514,Recommended,407840,22743225,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,LeL'Rathlor,"Saw it originally as a 2D Top-View dino gameNow its 1 dollar, and has 3rd person, and future updates like quests and open world.Yet we pay 15 dollars for minecraft..."
76561198092560362,Not Recommended,407840,28695979,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,3t9659,I bought this game for half off its original price 1$. Now it's 25 dollars. wow! Go buy the prelude at least its worth the right amount. This game is a big-ol bag of male reproductive organs. If you like throwing away money then this game is for you. This review has jumped all over so take what you will from it.
,Recommended,407840,22701459,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Gundaim,"incredibly fun once you get the hang of it.  The loot system is great, more than enough to keep you entertained for a while.  Must purchase for $1,  definitly worth 10, not even a question."
,Recommended,407840,22717248,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,dark-orkos,"THIS GAME IS DOPE,HOT FIRE ... LIKE WOW  i normallly never buy game but i swear  the this game is soo worth it  and its soooooo f** cheap like common you have no reason to not buy that game , im sure that you will like it!!  its worth it!!   :DAnd  the music in Orion is the best it get you so hype up when you do those wave o.oand its only the beggening new update soon ,mecha,pvp,rpg style etc etc CRAZZZZYYYYso here what you gonna do nowstep 1 : buy orion for you  (if your a cool guy/girl: for your friend also)step 2: Start playing!!(tip : press F1 to change game view in a mission).... like i just cant tell you how much i love this game you need to play it to understand my feeling rigth now ;3"
,Recommended,407840,22768836,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,(YEPO) Masemac,Amazing game has the Orion Prelude feel and is like an mmo! I would for sure pay full price for this game 10/10!
,Recommended,407840,22754669,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kric,"Dev positive responce sim 2016A beautiful 2nd recreation of its 1st-(Prelude) just try it, the devs are great and I can't wait for it to be finished."
,Recommended,407840,22786904,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,tonkatim420,"Very impressed with this game, and it's only getting better. Plus you can't beat getting Founder's status for a dollar!This is definitely one to get. Easy to pick up and play once you get to knowing the ins and outs.Recommended to many people. Can't wait to see where this game ends up, but wherever that may be from what I've seen thus far I'm willing to bet that it's going to be doing great things!"
,Recommended,407840,22823631,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,сигарета,"Great game, will never regret the $1 I spent on it."
,Recommended,407840,22828111,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"Exeptional game for a early acess title.Has top down, third person or first person camera choice which i find rather unique.Plenty of dinosaurs to kill.Currently the game has 2 modes, defend the harvester and survival , both of which are fun to play.The game offers many classes called ""guardians"" all of which have their own unique abilities.All classes have a leveling system, skill trees.there is a loot / crafting system in the game for your guardian to increase the strength of your primary/secondary weapons etc.The devs seem bery involved in the community and have outlines their plans for the next year which include an open world , questing system etc.Very promising title and for £0.79 you really need to pick this game up and give it a shot."
76561198049108548,Recommended,407840,22828339,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Pegaso79,"My first review on Steam.And I'm writting in a different language, so I don't even know if I'm gonna make many mistakes.And everything to say ""buy this game"".And not because it's good (it'll be amazing / still a lot to do), but because the developers believe in it and not in your money.Honestly, for the price, you are not getting a game, but a project you'll see grow up and most of all you are supporting people that know what they do and WHY.Thanks and sorry about my English."
76561198073646087,Recommended,407840,22691309,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Jkerb,"So far I am liking this game.  It's kinda clunky and lags a bit, but I think with futher development and a team to play with it's a great game."
,Recommended,407840,22703991,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ww123td,"Despite the cheap UI, laggy servers, somehow inconsistent character designs and hard-to-spot enemies, I still recommend it as a game worth trying. And I'm gonna tell you why:I cannot afford Helldivers. ;)_____________________________Really fun game with lots of friendly and awesome dudes who won't blame you for being killed by the boss when trying to kill it alone. Also the devs are truely devoted to the game, bringing new features that they'd never promised.You guys are TEN MILLION TIMES MORE AWESOMETHAN UBISOFT AND EAI'm not joking.Get the game."
,Recommended,407840,22784068,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MFSqueaky,"Bought this during the sale, wasn't expecting anything good but i was suprised by how nice it looks and runs. In my opinion the game should be upped in price as it's an amazing game with amazing graphics."
76561197983033453,Recommended,407840,22818971,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nathan Explosion,I think this is the best $1 game on Steam
76561198056569594,Recommended,407840,22820567,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,KhaosBringer117,This game is a great game that I recommend to anyone who enjoys tower defense strategy games.
,Recommended,407840,22851470,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,onlliK | 冠军,Such a good and addicting game ! Awesome perspective of the developers! Waiting for further updates :P
76561197979420243,Recommended,407840,22793551,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,我也爱,This game is amazing! But it took me 3 tries to like it... Why? I didn't understand what the heck I was doing. Please spend 5 minutes reading all the controls. It makes the game so much better!Pro tip: HOLD R to begin harvest... :)
,Recommended,407840,22804234,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Officer Honk,Want a game that has potential? Want a game that is slightly buggy but is still pretty damn good? Want a game with hats? Then I'd say give this a try.
76561197976697387,Recommended,407840,22836284,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,FrostyXtreme,Great Game Must Play!
,Recommended,407840,22708629,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Georges,Why is this still at 1$?This game is AMAZING!
,Not Recommended,407840,34143307,Posted: 10 August,all,HaRe Plays ツ,"Better buy orion prelude, this game is almost dead. If you want to play it with someone you need to make your friends buy it cause there is almost no people"
76561198080987623,Recommended,407840,23113550,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,JustMina,Really good game fun and stands out to me from other games cheap if you're broke and toons of content with more coming(Dont Go into Fullscreen Blackscreen of death).
,Recommended,407840,22680857,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Omaha,"Played for 10 minutes after figuring out how to set up a party for five minutes. After actual 10 minutes of 'Harvest' gamemode, got booted back to main menu with no context. 10/10, would get booted back again.Seriously, the game has alot going for it, it certainly is interesting, and in the future could possibly grow very good.The full price (10€) is, however, not worth what i have experienced at this time (Date: 28.4.2016). The 90% off (0,99€) is probably more suitable for what i've experienced. And i hope that it does not stay that way."
76561198062982369,Recommended,407840,22670451,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,JakeTheScrake,This game is awesome for the asking price. Very fun to play indeed. Looks great and runs great too so thats a good bonus. Only thing i dislike is how long the game can take to start up!! Sometime 2 - 3 minutes but hopefully thats sorted soon. Well worth buying especially at this awesome sale price
76561198049017229,Recommended,407840,22788765,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jmlee19,$0.99 game tha is better than other games 20+ time its price. Top down mode + 3rd person POV.
,Recommended,407840,21940884,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Trizo,"So far a great up and coming game. Graphically does better on my system than most other games. At 1440 resolution I can run everything on Super High/Ultra with a GTX 970 and get around 60 fps with the occassional dips and rises. All other games that are graphically similar I'd only be able to play on High graphics at 1440 resolution. Being able to switch from first person to a top down view with F1 is pretty neat. It can really help sometimes depending on the situation in game. Guardians of Orion is very similar to Orion Prelude but it takes everything MUCH further. AND it's still being avidly developed and expanded, which is always great news. It does have some traits that are completely different than Prelude as well. For one, it now has a strong arcade feel both due to the optional top down view and from the loot collecting. Also, the waves of enemies seem to spawn much snappier here regardless of mode. The enemies have far more character in this game too. And the second main difference, Guardians has expanded on Prelude's RPG elements. Along with this new loot collecting there is item crafting (it's fairly simple so don't let that be a turn off) and a 3D character portrait surrounded by empty equipment slots to be filled with new gear typical to an RPG game. I found all of this to be pretty cool. There is an in-game money system that uses ""ions"" of which you collect as you play and destroy enemies. By the way, the main goal  of the game as of right now is to protect your harvester, a machine that travels around the new world harvesting minerals. There are many character types to choose from. OH, and there is a skill tree. It's nothing crazy, kind of reminds me of Borderlands' skill tree as far as the layout goes. Gameplay is very smooth. There is a roll/dodge feature instead of the normal jump with spacebar which surprised me but I easily got used to it. A new Quests feature is supposed to be released in April 2016. An update added a central hub when you start the online game. I like this a lot, it reminds me of Phantasy Star Online I and II because that game had a central hub stationed in outerspace too, although the graphics are very different nowadays... Sidenote: I especially love the music in this game as I did in Phantasy Star. Hmm, lastly, Guardians of Orion does appear to have an offline mode for local play of up to 4 people. I didn't get to try this but I would love to see if that works. This game is very promising as of right now and in my opnion worth the $10 asking price."
,Not Recommended,407840,29447468,Posted: 23 January,all,Yoshikage Kira Farmskins.com,Wtf happened ?This game used to be 1$
,Recommended,407840,23837402,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Darklorel | Yuzuki,"So far 7 minutes, and not the best experience yet, but understandable, since this is still a beta.I'm enjoying Orion: Prelude so far, and it's pretty good, not to mention conquest.The things that you should add are:More servers ( don't worry it's fine as of now )More GAMEMODE ( THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT )Pretty much all that's missing from Prelude. I mean, cmon, the code's right there.Prelude is still better, so I'm waiting"
,Recommended,407840,23390354,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Crackbob Cocainepants,"A new title in the Orion franchise. One that actually stands out among the♥♥♥♥♥♥fest that is their product list.The devs finally created a unique take on the dinosaur survival genre that they have been milking dry. This isn't a repainted Orion game from before and is a breath of fresh air compared to their previous titles.The game is actually very fun to play and the low cost almost garentees this a ""must get"" to those who want to get rid of those pesky extra pennies left in their Steam Accounts or for dinosaur fans like myself."
,Recommended,407840,23803514,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sargicus,"It's a dollar, so manage your expectations. The menus are garbage, but once you get into the actual game it's not a bad little shooter. There's a few... questionable design decisions (LOOK AT ME GO!) but for a buck, it's not bad. Not well optimized for how it looks, but it seems like the devs are sticking with it so things will get better in time."
,Recommended,407840,23784473,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,raymaster,"fun game right now and if they pull off even half of what they are trying to do itll be great. but this is about what it is like right now. The game is actually pretty fun coop fps. You get a lot for a dollar and they are supporting and updating all the time.the community seems to be older then what you would expect of  cheap (price wise,  game is by no means cheap quality) game. So its actually quite nice. For 1 dollar or onsale for 49 cents Grab it!!  You get a game 10x the value currently with talk of something that may become 50x. I would buy it for you but I cant do that for everyone."
76561198216596273,Not Recommended,407840,29771095,Posted: 7 February,all,AWPerNation,"The gameplay is good, or, it WAS good. For a beta. speaking of which, its been in beta for a VERY long time and im worried it might not become an actual finished product. Dont get me wrong, the concept, even though it isnt fresh is still great. Dinosaurs and shooting go well together, like peanut butter and jelly. The worst part of the game isnt the mechanics, it isnt the sound, and it isnt the graphics. The game is plenty of fun, that is, when you can find players. the game isnt even out of beta and its already dead. wait until its got a good playerbase or its on sale, its not worth the $30 you would have to buy it for now. i bought it when it was $1..."
,Not Recommended,407840,28542861,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Corrupting Mage,"Considering this isn't $.99 anymore, but $25 DOLLARS, you'd think it would be a more polished game.  Also, for some reason this game has a kickstarter currently going on, even though the store page doesn't say it's in early access.  Seems shady to call this game finished, when you're requesting more funds to pay for development.  Also, the trailers are a lie.  They still don't have any features besides shooting dinosaurs, which isn't that great."
,Recommended,407840,22853950,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,PKOwl,"11/10, best game i have in my library, ,and it was only a dollar, press f1 in game to get into the awesome view. +1"
,Recommended,407840,24100367,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[WatS] アニメSnekkyPikle,"Really fun, well worth the 50 cents I spent on it. Its in a very early version, and there are SOME noticable bugs, but nothing too bad. Dont really know how to describe it. I recommend just buying it and trying it."
,Recommended,407840,24052077,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Supreme Leader,">Enters a game>Confused on how to start a round>Figures out how to start a round>Starts a round>Top down view>Rage quits and thinks about asking for a refund>Figures out that F1 changes your camera>Could've bought some gum, bought this instead9/11 best 50p ever spent."
76561198192200333,Recommended,407840,33182982,Posted: 3 July,all,SoulManatee,"This a an insanely fun and addictive game. Even thought the developers have run into a few scandals with copyright and going against their word, they are working to improve on the flaws (pay only DLC, limited inventory, etc.) in the coming months. Also, in case you're wondering, TREK has not abandoned there game. David Prassel and TREK have been having monitary issues over the last few months, which lead to the reduction in content output. Here is the video that talks about the future of TREK and all the things that I've spoken about in this review(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ri_Qcz93Bw). Honestly this is a fun game that is amazing to play with friends, but just doesn't have enough community support. You can take my word for it: this IS the best game you can get for $1."
,Recommended,407840,23777495,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,^__^ SiN is Turned On <3,This is really a true experience for people that want a new style of FPS shooter.Sad thing is that it is poorly optimized even with the right rig. Please work in next update to optimize this beautiful game!
,Not Recommended,407840,34802454,Posted: 7 September,all,gamingneeded,"I bought it because it was cheap and because i liked orion prelude, but this is one bad game. it is not worth the dollar"
76561198268281577,Recommended,407840,30451013,Posted: 11 March,all,TheCanadienCat,cmon guys its a good game !
76561197968268146,Recommended,407840,30656268,Posted: 21 March,all,Kez,Its cheap decent co op fun lots of customizing of characters.
76561198128073879,Recommended,407840,22696518,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,DGTom,"This game is so fun and I see so much potential in it. I have orion prelude and by far i feel like this ""Orion Project"" is going to take this in to the next level. I am getting a destiny vibe when i think about the future of this game.A few things that i feel like should be in following updates- Tradeable items- Better inventory UI- More armor that can be accessed through chests, and unlocked in missions- Better servers (sometimes i get kicked out of servers after killing one dinosaur)- Easier access to the Table (people get lost very easy if they are noobs)- First person- Updated armor graphicsThis project has a lot of room to grow in and it has not even been out in a year. I fully support this game and i will be there for all the updates!"
,Recommended,407840,23212076,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Bowgun44,"Now, I may not have a super long in depth review of every nook of the game, but. this reminds me alot of warframe (minus the dollar, but 1 dollar dont hurt). The game is in early stages and has some pretty amazing graphics for an early access game. My friends tried it and said the game was trash, but I have alot of respect for this game. Its just starting out, and doesnt have a whole lot to show in its infancy. But give it a year and I expect the game to be nearly completely different from what it once was. Good luck Trek Industries. Make us proud"
,Recommended,407840,23103764,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Icreaka,"I like the idea 'better sell 1.000.000 copies for 1$, than 1 copy for 1.000.000$'"
76561198047345951,Recommended,407840,23061141,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kaneki,I REALLY like this game. But you know it had a few issues it occasionally crashed and some respawns put me in the out of bounds area. But over all I really enjoy playing this game and I look forward to the final product and I can only hope that this game sticks around.
,Recommended,407840,22977567,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Draken,"It's just cancerous how many people write wrong reviews about this game. Please inform yourself about it and look what you can do. Watch some tutorials on youtube etc. If you know how the game works, its an awesome game which gave me way more fun than most of the $20+ games I have. You should also notice that the game is in early access, which means that there will be bugs and that there wont be optimization for every system. The Dev team is small, so they cant fix huge bugs in one day like other game companies. Just have patience and wait for a fix if your problem is from the game :)"
,Recommended,407840,23699511,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Pandaplay3r,"A surprisingly fun game, definitely worth the cheap price, has incredible potential."
76561198038988151,Recommended,407840,21107810,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ether,"Not worth the full price, but A STEAL at $2!This game is pretty solid, and very fun especially with friends. The enemies are numerous, the game play is pretty good, and it can actually be DIFFICULT at times (which is a commodity now a days). I bought this to play with a couple friends, and was definitely NOT disappointed. If you and your buddies want a game that you can relax and enjoy, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,407840,22411638,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,yourwolfsdengaming,"Summary of our Review:The game plays fairly typically to a standard top down shooter with some rpg elements. The game starts out with an offline mode and an online mode. The offline mode is the same as online except restricted to local co-op or single player. Wait, local co-op? Seriously? You, you offered local co-op? Gotta be honest here, we’re surprised. A nice surprise as local co-op is getting more and more rare in the PC gaming scene as of late.To start the game online, you create an account. After that, it will sign you in, sign you into steam, and you’re off. You’ll spawn in a main hub world where you can buy items and crafting materials, talk to players, join other servers, create parties, etc. We don’t believe there’s native support for microphones, but we’re not quite sure. No one we played with talked except in the chat menu during our time with the game. To start playing, choose a class you want to play as (we chose support for his shield ability and shotgun) and you then level up. Each class you chose levels up independently, but the items and crafting materials you obtain from the store or during missions are universal to all the classes. The crafting is fairly limited, and we mainly just crafted things that give us a bonus to XP, as well as crafting some legendary items. You have common items (no color) below your level (green) at your level (yellow) and legendary weapons (purple). You can also craft or find armor pieces or bonuses to your class’ special power. Weapons and armors will give different bonuses for different things. In example, a level 300 chest piece may have 500 defense and add 200 intelligence, but a level 310 chest piece may add 550 defense but add 150 strength and so on. Legendary items often have special traits such as bonus gold finding or certain things that once hurt you healing you.Despite some gripes with the game, we enjoyed our time with it. It often reminded me of the older Turok games, as well as the Turok comic series. It’s not totally fleshed out, but we still enjoyed killing triceratops and getting murdered and eaten by t-rexes. We enjoyed the large variety of classes to choose from, and we enjoyed the nice variety of augments and abilities you can find. We wish you could sell unwanted items in the shop, and we hope that will be an upcoming feature at some point. While it is enjoyable, it’s clear that the focus is multiplayer, and it’s far better with a friend or two by your side.For what it’s worth, we really like the concept of the game. While not the most solid early access game out there, it certainly got our attention. Would we have purchased it at $9.99 as it is? Probably not, but it’s still a decent game nonetheless and plays well. While not the most stable, it’s stable enough to play, enjoy, and remember a time when the only dinosaur related things involved either Jurassic Park, or a native American, mind controlled dinosaurs, and evil humans .PROS- A top down shooter done right- Excellent diversity of character stats- Great musicCONS- More voice acting- larger diversity of maps and enemies- Fix controller supportOverall: 7.3/10For our full review, click here:http://yourwolfsdengaming.com/2016/04/14/guardians-of-orion-early-access-review/"
76561198067235038,Not Recommended,407840,29858811,Posted: 11 February,all,Pugen,How does a game go from $1 to $30? Well it was fun at $1. But making it $30 is so not worth your money.
,Recommended,407840,23160954,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DeeB,"For $0.99 this is an absolute steal of a game. There's not a set end goal to the gameplay other than unlocking more and more things and upgrading. Any fan of Borderlands games would love this game.The loot system isn't exactly the best, but it's very early access. There's a few bugs, however none of my friends (or I) have run into game-breaking ones. The servers aren't great either, but once again it's just early access.Also for $0.99 you get a game that is very regularly updated, and a very large project. The developers seem to really love interacting with users. There's also a Steam Workshop in the works for this game."
,Recommended,407840,22961098,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,🅱urryFury #GoingWeeb,How to play this game1) Buy something expensive on steam2) Refund that♥♥♥♥♥♥3)Buy a copy of orion project to every friend you have4) Enjoy the best game ever made with your bros
,Recommended,407840,30491650,Posted: 13 March,all,Bhutan rebel,"Bought it for one euro, I enjoy it."
76561198027511070,Recommended,407840,23751287,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shevy,"100% AWESOME, This game is fantastic and is only going to get better!"
76561198021126940,Not Recommended,407840,28808546,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hotshot,this games is not at all what thay play it out to be.
,Not Recommended,407840,34448152,Posted: 23 August,all,Spookypants,"You cannot connect to multiplayer games, instead you get booted to the main menu. This product is literally unplayable. It is an impossibility to play this video game, it should be illegal to sell this to people."
76561198088279411,Recommended,407840,23785092,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,√эή◊м «א»  No Sweat,the game is still growing and is fun and undemanding a relaxing shooter which is unusual the maps arre large and it is looking like becoming even better cant wait to see upcoming expansios all in all a good fun game to play which just keeps getting better.
76561198048365565,Not Recommended,407840,29565996,Posted: 29 January,all,CaptainBullshit,"Made a ""really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game"" category just for this game :D"
,Recommended,407840,23780380,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Maeve™,"Even though I have a crappy computer so I have turn down the graphics and everything lags, as the 1 hour I played of it so far, (as of now), It seems welcoming in my library. It seems a very great game, and I can't wait for the upcoming updates! I'm hoping to get a new computer to get the full experience out of this. I even bought a copy for my Girlfriend. gg10/10 in my book"
,Not Recommended,407840,24116742,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,R3vo,"You will get enough fun out of this game to justify spending 1 dollar, but I can not support the devs after they stole assets from multiple games."
76561198053569267,Recommended,407840,22380401,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Midnight Mercury,"Welp. Here it is. My first review ever.Guardians of Orion is an intense, action-focused tower defense with dinosaurs and mechs, of which make the game all the more fun in the harder difficulties when you get to see varieties of them.PROS:+AWESOME graphics with the Unreal Engine+Interesting enemies and storyline (which you can see when you first open the game if you let it sit for a few minutes)+Unique classes with their own special abilities+Detailed, unique enviornments+Cool (although limited) character customization+Pay OR Play system+Community seems friendly at the momentCONS:-The leveling system. A little complicated. (Not 110% sure how it works yet, but I think I have an idea)-The reward system. Playing a harder diffculty offers the same rewards as the lower difficulties, just more of them-The robotic enemies. The dinosaur AI is fine, but the robotic enemies seem a little lackluster in their combat abilities and could be tweaked a little in later updates.-The T-REX. (JEEZ!)"
,Not Recommended,407840,28991507,Posted: 3 January,all,Erectile Dysfunction,You ♥♥♥♥ed up blinking.
,Not Recommended,407840,35212390,Posted: 25 September,all,i like eeyore,unoptimized
,Not Recommended,407840,24150089,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,★ Winter,"At current state it's just dinosour grinding 24/7, you and I should wait it to go further in development before touching it again.The reason I said ""before"", is that the idea, movement, weapons and so on is somehow unique combination and could be worked out if the other 2 gamemodes which are currently worked on would be better to my experience, I'm definitely coming back. One big plus comes to the developers though, they are very, very active.Conclusion: Buy it if you want to, now or later, it's very cheap, and click ""Follow"" to see what they are up to, since they update their game very frequently!"
,Not Recommended,407840,24105730,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,QcKLU,"They have planned lots of stuff for this game and it will be finished in like 2020, so don't buy this pre-alpha game if you expect something that works.It is fun, but gets boring really fast because, at the moment, there is barely anything to do."
,Not Recommended,407840,26653599,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Golfen,Disappoints me because SO MUCH POTENTIAL. But its sadly wasted.
,Recommended,407840,25772313,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,KhosherSalt,"For a game that is relatively young and what appears to be a small dev team. This game is utterly amazing. It's very fun, easy to gear up, and has great players.I see this game going pretty far eventually and I love the freedom of being able to do 1st person, 3rd person, and top-down.They release content fast and are active with their community so you know when things will be fixed.Please give this game a chance, I'm happy I did."
,Recommended,407840,23029596,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,I don't believe in voip,"Dress up as a space pirate while shooting dinos to protect a pizza loving vacuum, all for a dollar."
76561198118272456,Recommended,407840,24086581,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Defygravity,I wish i could recommend this game twice. So good im considering blowing the 50$ on dlc despite the fact you can access all the content for free just playing.
,Recommended,407840,27524366,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PargoMan,"So, I decided to buy this game because I wanted a Star Citizen-Like game. I saw it for half a buck and decided to give it a try. It was amazing! I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE 2.0 RELEASE!!!The developers really care about the game, and I know there has been some issues, but they were solved. The graphics are fantastic, much better than Prelude, because of Unreal Engine 4.There's only one problem, there are barely 20 people playing it every day, and hosting a pvp game is really hard, because only 3 or 4 people connect. I would add several small pvp maps for at least 8 people, seeing as the 24 player map is huge.It runs great in my GTX 970, so no framerate issuesIf you like dinosaurs and guns, buy the game, and add me on Steam so we can play together!"
,Recommended,407840,28518525,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Vex Malleus,Game seems pretty cool now that I was told how to switch view modes. :)  I'll wait till version 2.0.  Only paid 99 cents so I can't go wrong either way.
76561198069610591,Not Recommended,407840,24806373,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DragonTemplar4,"I may like dinosAnd I may like killing DinosBut i've lost hope for this Franchise, The Social spaces are dead. Connecting to severs cuases crashes to desktop.Not sure why i bought this game, I should have knows buying a $1 game was a bad idea."
,Not Recommended,407840,31928176,Posted: 23 May,all,Daeoculesics,"This is the type of game that you expect to be 99 cents with unlimited content because of how good this game is. Fighting andiods and dinosaurs  on a moon without breathable air. This game doesnt make sence, And it is probably because its not made to make sence being a game about having fun. Unfortunetly my fun ended with the game freezing my system to a halt even tho my system specs are way above the game and i ran the game at 100+ fps maxed out.If you have follow on this game, You are going to get spammed about Events of twitch streams of the team, Probably to make more money because the game is so horrible?I bought this game for myself and 5 friends and it is one of my worst decisions ever!If you like quality of games. Dont even look this way. But if you like games that doesnt make any sence and you just want to have fun shooting andriods and dinos i guess it could be something for you."
,Not Recommended,407840,30317491,Posted: 4 March,all,Shibrovka,Screw the Devs
,Recommended,407840,24403246,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Poisonivee80,"My husband randomly found this game it was .49!! We havent hardly stopped playing . At first we couldnt load, or it would drop us, but since we had already had our first taste of dino blood, we kept pushing and my husband even spent 8 hrs once troubleshooting things to maybe help developers with ideas. All i know now is i recommend this game even to the more pve players out there. I myself like both, but Orion has made me insane crazy for combat. love the crafting, gear levels and graphichs seem to get better each week , so great job Trek industries in my opion, I know at least 10 people who are equally addicted to your game, keep building our worlds and we we come,"
,Recommended,407840,30647102,Posted: 20 March,all,ThatArbiterGuy,"I think the core gameplay is alright the 50 cents I payed for it. However I'm going to sit back and see if the devs will make a dent in the long line of stuff they said they will be adding. This game has potential and I want to see if the devs will tap into that potential.For the price I can safely recommend it (Try the starter edition). If the game starts getting really good, maybe consider the $25 version.I have a lot of hope that this game will be great in the end. Would be awesome for an indie studio to show AAA how its done."
,Recommended,407840,27608737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KandiPanda,You can run around and shoot lots of dinosaurs.Also you can set them on fire too if you're playing as the pyro! >:)Lots of fun! ^_^
,Not Recommended,407840,30581830,Posted: 17 March,all,ラビット,My favourite part of all this were all the lies we were told.
,Not Recommended,407840,21028076,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ReLLiK_pt,"This game is horrible optimize. Save the money and go buy helldivers instead, since is a much better game."
76561198061991958,Recommended,407840,30842909,Posted: 30 March,all,xXx_mtv_xXx,better than Mass Effect Andromeda
,Not Recommended,407840,22985740,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ludsoe,"For the first half hour I rather enjoyed this game, but afterwards I was plagued with performance issues.Freezing and lockups ingame, along with general frame drops.And for some reason after loading into a match the main menu starts stuttering when mousing over buttons.Other then that this is a enjoyable game. Hopefully later I can come back and they will of sorted out the performance issues."
,Recommended,407840,23774647,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Graff,"I saw this game was another orion game and didn't think well of it. Bought it because it cost almost nothing and tried it out as a joke. The game was actually good, especially knowing I paid less than I would for a pack of gum.Seriously though, the game is fun and seems to be headed in the right direction. When the dev fixes a bug within a day of it being noticed, you know there is dedication.Sell a couple trading cards you don't want and try out this game, it will be worth the handful of dimes it costs."
,Recommended,407840,22749924,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,IsDaGangHomie,Ton of fun especially with friends. There are allot of bugs on the flipside but nothing that ruins the flow of the game.This game should be amazing when done.
,Recommended,407840,22727007,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Mini,"10/10 would pay $1 for this game againHas so much built into it for just $1 and it just keeps coming, bravo to the devs for that"
,Recommended,407840,22737920,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,GAR,I played online without any clue about the game mechanics but I still had a good time blasting dinos. The game shows promise and the devs seem to really care about it as well. Definitely worth the price.
76561198084059138,Recommended,407840,21478777,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gaming Bear,"Хорошая игра, но в одиночку скучно. Пока я ещё не успел поиграть онлайн - вылетела. Надеюсь разработчики не забросят игру.P.S. Я наверное 30 минут сидел чтобы создать аккаунт в игре. Оказалось при создании логина нельзя ипользовать пробел."
76561197991588519,Recommended,407840,22743498,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,{RN4L} Misconceived™,"This game has a lot of leg room and huge potential. The development appears to have come a long way from 3 years ago.  I encountered a few issues so far in my short 5 hours of play: 1) random Unreal4 engine crashes, 2) random game drops to the main menu screen, and  3) The ability for friends to join the game through Steam seems to be a bit touchy. Although these issues only happened a few times it was enough to make it irritating. The game play itself was on Point with other big name titles. Overall I would say it is a very good start to something Wicked Awesome. Great job to the Devs for not letting this one go. I'm excited to see how this matures. Parting note, Don't forget to Push F1 for 3rd person view. The default top down view isn't my favorite."
76561198120848998,Recommended,407840,22732826,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Mrskintman,"Well one day I was just looking around steam and I found this came called ""The Orion Project"".  It looked familiar, kinda similar to orion prelude that a friend showed me. I then realised the game was free for a couple days so i downloaded it and ignored. I went on it and it was amazing, I havn't even bought it yet but as soon as I finish this review im buying it and playing a ton more!"
,Recommended,407840,25980698,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Shimozukachi,first round of the day: my teammember was a noob that didn't even know how to play this gamesecond round of the day: fought in the first wave alone against a t-rex... never trust a game xD
76561198301987776,Recommended,407840,23364993,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mim,Guardians Of Oreo
76561198027956313,Recommended,407840,23841198,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr. M4ntv1s_92,"Game is fun, and unique - who don't like dinosaurs and mechs?Pros:Have beautiful graphics.Unique idea with dinos and mechs.Game getting constant updates(with lots of new features).Awesome developers(for the awesome price for the game. Giving away ingame credits which costs real money.Always improving, and keep releasing free content for the game (at no additional cost, like they did with ""Orion:Prelude"".Game have lots of content (and more content keep coming up for free!!!)Game have low price, compared how much developers putting work into it.Game looks to be promising, developers have big plans, to make this game huge(in content question).I like that developers tooked some ideas from famous games like:Mass effect and Halo (i just love sci-fi/space games)Cons:Very long loading when launching the game...game Performance could be better.would be nice to see in near future more game modes.My verdict - 8/10        very fun, and good game with unique thinking.             Good luck to developers!"
76561198072149744,Not Recommended,407840,29885211,Posted: 12 February,all,Sweep,"The game was great for a short while when I got it for a dollar. I played again a few months later and it sucked a fat one. Apparently the devs abandoned all efforts to produce a game for the players and instead produced it for the money, which is rather counterintuitive since a cheap popular game is usually more successful than a lousy, buggy, expensive game. All I really can say is that the devs get what they deserve if they ignore the outcry of their fanbase and milk the cash cow until its udders are drier than the African savannah. I got my money's worth out of it since I only payed a dollar, but I still can't recommend a game that sucks harder than Monica Lewinsky."
76561198006259526,Recommended,407840,23699543,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,demonsouls1993,games good but only 2 game modes needs more maps are great but to play online is needed to make an account that wont even work so that needs to be fixed
,Recommended,407840,22704062,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Zeroko,"Its a solid game, obviously being in a work on progress it still needs some optimizations. At this stage there is not alot to do. You shoot some dinosaurs, level up your abilities, use some crafting to get better weapon/armor stats, then kill some more dinosaurs and so on.Its a good game but at this stage it gets boring quite fast"
,Recommended,407840,22806472,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Cherish Eternity,I really enjoyed this game Best 99$ I ever spent.
76561198005401417,Recommended,407840,22835922,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,!>LoCo<!,Great Game...And it Will Get Better!!Ps: its still in early access...so expect bugs and crashes!! It is normal ofc :)
76561198147621207,Recommended,407840,22838525,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Contextual Paradox,"I have high hopes for this game. The devs seem involved and committed to this project and it seems like we already have a good community built. The devs have a long-term plan for the game with great ideas and tons of exciting new content will be released in the next two years. The game is super cheap and really is worth it. As soon as I played it for the first time I thought to myself: Jurassic Park meets Halo! Epicness. I would recommend this game to anyone.Pros:- The devs are involved and committed to the game.- Good community.- First person mode coming soon!- Awesome music.- Upgrades and skill trees.- Enemy variety.- Ragdoll physics.- Hats!- Loads of exciting new content being released in the future!Cons:- I kind of liked the game's old name better, but oh well.- There is a premium currency, but this might not even be an issue.- I don't know if this is just me, but the graphics seem to need work. Forced to choose between lag or low resolution.All in all, great game and looking forward to seeing where the devs go with it!"
76561198092635897,Recommended,407840,22707067,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Zoner,Not bad for $.99 for what there is of it. I got one for a friend too. I like exploring new games. I really hope to see what the finished product plays like soon.
,Recommended,407840,22754871,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,B34rgamer,"Day 1. Friday ] As expected with any early build of a game, it crashed on me three times. Maybe tomorrow will be better day LOL Back to my NFS Most Wanted.Day 2. Saturday ] No crashes this time, but completely freezes in the player lobby. Frankly, if this will indeed end up being another P2P online game, these issues need to be resolved. Otherwise players like me, who value their spent money a bit more than the PC purest out there, will end up feeling like we are just wasting our money. If the developers really are serious about successfully defying the gaming industry status quote, on persistent world online games, then make great effort to make sure the game actually does run stable. No Man's Sky is only a month away and already shows signs of being exactly this... stable.Day 3. Sunday ] SUCCESS. No crashes or crippling lag with not connecting to networks. However, got in on single player only. Everything seems stable enough, with only occasional environmental glitches... such a bit of lag on generating the vegetation detail. Best to purchase now and then come back in about 2 months for a check up. Then repeat cycle if needed."
,Recommended,407840,22769164,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Int,"If you have a bad PC like me, don't get it.BUT, if you do have a good PC other then mine, get this now when it's on sale."
76561198062067895,Recommended,407840,22795210,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Cowsberg,"Question: Would I Still Own The Game, If I Were Given A Second Chance?Answer:Yes, With More Updates Please."
,Recommended,407840,22802186,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,TheRoachDude,"Originally got the project on sale for $2.49 thought it was a grand deal then, even for Early AccessNow it's 99 ¢Since then 2 more classes were added, and it has been more than clear the development team has been working to improve all aspects of the already entertaining gameplayAt the rate of which this game is being improved it would be foolish not to support this project at it's current state""So buy it dummy!""~TheRoachDude05/04/16------BREAKdown------The following was current as of the date aboveGameplayPretty basic shooter, but either top down or third person. This is changable with the click of a button, which is pretty cool situational awareness. Dodge rolls and blink dodges are also big factors in keeping an advantage over enemies. Each class also has a specific special ability that can fit just about anyone's playstyle, and just seems to add that little something extra.Each class also has a skill tree of its own with a leveling system for different kinds of specialization or talents, which is just about as good as any skill system you'd see in a AAA shooter. This doesn't mean the game has no shortcomings or room for improvement. It is, after all, still in Early Access. Nonetheless I'd find it important to mention how lousy the crafting system feels in this game. It seems like what you can build now is currently limited to upgrades, consumables, and worst of all, other materials. I've nearly all of my crafting in the game so far on building better materials out of worse ones so I can build specific upgrades. This isn't unavoidable though, I find armor and upgrades all the time in the field, and  consumables are always pretty simple to craft with common items.All in all, the game's sure not done, but it's very nice for a 99¢ Early Access, and hands down the best Early Access title I've subscribed to yet. Not to mention the rewards for helping the dev's by playing, it's pretty damn nice. :steamsalty:"
,Recommended,407840,22897373,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,achyoav シ,"A great game! it's really fun to play! I got it for $1, so wait for sales with this game."
,Recommended,407840,23000633,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Beanfragger,This is positive review number 1000! Gz Orion Creators. i had 1 dollar on steam bank. went to see what i could get for fun. ended up with this. i might not have played it so much. but it is just great 10/10 would found again. very promising game. especially high class quality gameplay. i love the rpg elements implemented. an overall fun fast paced action game with great co-op.
76561198134523951,Recommended,407840,23010282,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Craig Smith,"Mini Game: ""Can You Name 100 Dinasaur in 10 seconds""  ""Yes 99 raptors and a T Rex"" and thats whats coming to kill you.This game is so worth the money and probably x10 more. Its really well put together great graphics good gameplay  Fairly Stable and although it requires a team to make the game interesting the ability to play without internet is a good addition.I own Orion Prelude which is a great fun shooter and on its merit purchased this game and am in no way disappointed  luck forward to its continued success and additional content."
,Recommended,407840,23107934,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ᛃcrazypeep​ᛃ,"I don't know where to begin with this game, since it is amazing for being only in Early Access. First off, the price. A dollar. The contents of the game are worth much more than that, and I mean simply in amusement factor. I've got 6 hours logged in, only on Offline games (which says something.....but maybe about both me and the game....o.o). The music is awesome, and makes the boss battles feel very exciting, and yet can make the beautiful landscapes even more appealing. The gameplay is very fun, boasting many different play styles to suit a player's varying tastes of combat. The enemies are smartly programmed, act differently and have unique attacks/abilities. Everything works well and feels in tune. So, after all of that, I will end with a quick note. If you like dinosaurs, insanely fun and exciting combat/gameplay, and more dinosaurs, you should consider buying this game. Even if you're on the fence, as I was prior to buying it, take a chance and purchase it. It is a worthwhile experience packed into a small, but formidable packageCrazypeep>^)"
,Recommended,407840,23125490,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BlackHorse23,for $1 it gets a 10/10. Can't wait till Module 2.3: VLADIMIR PUTIN SIMULATOR.
,Recommended,407840,22784436,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MeeMéy,"Prelude's 10x better to me, but it's still a solid shooter."
76561198043071486,Recommended,407840,22802942,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Keef,"Awesome game from a determined developer, and so cheap it's almost free."
,Recommended,407840,22807000,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Dokvald,Very earlier in development but receives updates regularly. Very fun for what it is well worth the buy in price.
,Recommended,407840,22715963,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bound Super Death,So far so good! Its cheap and its fun there is no real reason to not pick it up.The only real problem i have with it is that invinting people to play through steam dosent work when i try.Other then that good game infact they could get away with uping the price a doller or two esspecaily with all the changes recently.
76561198084839976,Recommended,407840,23007765,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,AntohA,"So apperently i can you can change the view to 3rd person by pressing F1 ^^ but the game didnt even mention it, nor it can be found in the controls so idk.==================Screenshots are somewhat misleading, so far the game is a top-down isemetrical RPG (sorta of, its wierd) while the screenshots clearly depict 3rd person action thing, and the tags on steam dont help either.==================still tho, for 0.79$ i cant really complain, can i?Unless im missing something obviuos here?"
76561198089088348,Recommended,407840,23801738,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dolphin,This game is amazing! Feels like a per-historic Halo and Destiny on steriods! Great concepts to the game for a steal of a price. The game is great even in early access. There are some bugs but those are to be expected. I cant wait to see what the future updates have for this game! Keep the hype going!
76561198084658787,Recommended,407840,22959255,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,nicklasgeist,"The Orion Projekt is a well done, beautifully desingned shooter, where you can change between first person and aerial perspective. Your enemies are for the most part dinosaurs. It has a crafting system and character customization, which is rather small at the moment with two categories, but might improve over time.The best part: The graphics, soundtracks and the large variety of characters.The worst part: The performance of the game, which is good, but not great and hopefully soon improved.What I look forward to: a bigger crafting and customiziation system and maybe you could divide the customization category into smaller sub-categories."
,Recommended,407840,23701205,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,robotpukeko,"There are a few modes, the one I tried was Harvester, which involves guarding a harvester from waves of dinosaurs. The game plays well, even if the FPS view feels a bit slow after DOOM! It looks good too, with UE4 shining through. One word of warning, the load times can be a bit on the long side.The ability to switch from isometric to third person to first person is great, although the complete lack of a tutorial might make some of the game a bit confusing!In terms of the apparently divisive performance that people are experiencing, on an i5 and GTX970, I get buttery smooth performance at the highest settings.Surprisingly fun game, with some rough edges, but then I've played a hell of lot worse for more than $1."
,Recommended,407840,23795657,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Biscuit,I accidentally turned the settings down so far it looks like a classic DOS box. That's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198105551704,Recommended,407840,22718475,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,lrdopico,"If you love killing Dinosaurs with futuristic weapons and a badass-armored characters then this is the game for you. Also, the game will improve overtime as it gets more support from people. Btw, it's on sale now for a dollar until Sunday I think. Even after the sale's over, $10 isn't much for a pretty interesting and promising game."
,Recommended,407840,22768806,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Valcor,"The game is great. 'Good' graphics. Fun gameplay. Currently the game only has two game modes. Harvest and Survival. Survival is just to survive the longest and survive the waves. Then there is harvest. This is were there is a harvester that needs defending. Defend it from all the waves (there are about 10-12 waves). But they are adding more. They are adding mechs, space ships, and open world space travel. There are diffrent camera angels; angels such as bird-eye-view, third-person, and they are adding first-person. This game has lots of promise and potential. I would recommend this game."
76561198035322142,Recommended,407840,23009099,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Matt Damon,"I never really write reviews because, let's be honest my english is that of a 9 year old.The games pretty fun to sit down and play with some friends. As it stand right now, not too many features in the game,But that's to be expected of an alpha game.Here's some gameplay of The Orion Project :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEWsGUY27AU"
,Recommended,407840,23795737,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Captain Sherlock,This Game is amazing but it is not optimized like it lags alotso i had to take down the reseloution alotEDIT:For a game that is 400 mb it needs optimization
76561198269512764,Recommended,407840,22723112,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Al%11$55a,seems like a pretty awesome game so far. I've go no complaints and would recomend it.
,Recommended,407840,22768769,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,-),"Get it as soon as possible. Loads of fun, devs are working 24/7 to make it great. Updates very often."
76561197974320528,Recommended,407840,22968744,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,MetroPlex,"This is a really fun game. Also there is no problem at all with the performance of the server, and or lobby. This  is a Early Access Game so there will be some limited content. There is more then enough content to keep you busy, + trying to get to lvl 50 is going to take a little grind. Well worth the price and you will have fun playing it. Great community and game."
,Recommended,407840,22783981,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,TheHuntedGhost,good game
,Recommended,407840,30657264,Posted: 21 March,all,GreenDragon,"Guardians of Orion is a firstperson, thirdperson, top-down shooter. Currently there are three gamemodes: Survival (endless waves), Harvest (10 waves with objectives), Mayhem (pvp with objectives) and Wargames (pvp with ships). This game also has pets, craft system, loot crates, achievements, leaderboards, quests, skill system, two stores, pets, shaders / skins, hats and have I already mentioned pets? The only thing I don't like about this game are bugs, glitches and the length of time of support. See you soon at killing dinos and robots!"
76561198152299920,Recommended,407840,22736822,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Snoozy Bewce,This Game Freakin' Rocks man!You get to kill dinosaursthe game looks beautifulthe people who play this game are really niceI'll give this game a nice 9.5/10why I didn't give this game a 10/10 was because of 1 problem i hadI couldnt change gender
,Recommended,407840,23718597,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,OG.Big ol' Doinks,"I usually dont write reviews but i thought i would give it a shot. I have played this game for a decent amount of time, and for only one ♥♥♥♥ing dollar i think its well worth it. The only thing i can say is that you probably need decent hardware, it is fairly demanding.Pros:- Awesome devs- Dinos and robots (sweet combo)- lots of classes (more to come)- Amazing Graphics- 3 Views (top down, third person, and first person)- Multiplayer- Levels and Skills- RPG like elements- Challenges and Daily QuestsCons:- Small playerbase- The gun array is small- Hardware Demanding- NO FOV SETTINGS :(Conclusion...ITS ONE ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLAR GO GET IT!"
,Recommended,407840,21486861,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,／Ｎ／Ｔ／Ｘ／,"Compared to other early access games, this one runs almost flawlessly..Dinosaurs, guns, singleplayer, multiplayer,.. not sure what more could you possibly want from this game!8.5/10Pros:- DINOSAURS- Surprisingly good graphics- Fairly cheap (I've bought it for $1)- You can switch between over-the-top and 3rd person camera (looking forward to 1st person camera as I've already seen some screenshots and it looked very good)- Hours of solo / mutliplayer fun for reasonable priceCons:- The little unfortunate problem mentioned below that seems to bother few people- You might run into some connection difficulties now and then, but it's just minor issue most of the timeNote: If you get the ""Cannot connect to Steam, check if Steam is online"", or something in that sense, error, then there are few possible solutions for you..First try restarting Steam, if that doesn't help, try restarting your computer (this solved the problem for me) and if you have BitDefender and the game still doesn't run, I'm afraid you'll have to uninstall it or at least disable some ""live scan"" feature.. I have no idea as I don't use it.."
,Recommended,407840,21479082,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Alex_Nos,"I think we all shared the same opinion of this company when we saw this game come out:things like o god they are making another one? didnt they learn anything from the first game? (( orion: prelude))i'm here to put everyone's idea to rest.This company has actually did learn something from their previous attempts at making a game.guardians of orion is a beautiful re-imagination of their original steam failure, my only concerns now is that it does take forever to connect to their servers and if they could improve that this game would be A+ ratings.for those of you who look at the bad reviews, there is hope for this game, its actually really good, if you have a beastly computer."
76561198044241276,Recommended,407840,21481509,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mateupateu,Very good game
,Recommended,407840,21476901,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KLFtrap XD,"(This review contains: Ideas, bugs and some hints.)After 30 minutes of playing. Im really impressed by all the work you guys have made.I have to play on medium cause my computer is just a energized potato.Anyways the bugs:Freezed Dead Dino's (See profile for screenshots)Spawn and instantly die.If you stand on a rock, No dino will attack you. (The rex does throw rocks at you.That's all i have seen today.Ideas:HitmarkersCrosshair white but if you aim at an enemy redGrenade toss longerBots/AI'sMoar classes!Drivable vehicles (Walking to the harvester is long and boring :D)A hint: Turn your video settings to medium or high for full nolag experience.Bye"
,Recommended,407840,21473887,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jaysones,My game crashes when I try to connect the server!Help me pls
,Recommended,407840,23713211,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Coco,"The game is simple. Kill Dinos, Level Up, Make Friends, and the process continues. It is by far better than Orion: Prelude, which, I enjoyed at the start, but became a chore to even play... anyways... I do agree that it is the best game for a dollar (without better games being on sale for a dollar).Gameplay, it's simple, but takes some getting used too. If you need help on somethings, the community guides whould help you.Same goes for Graphics. Though, for a $1 game, it looks great. They chose a good engine this time to build their game in, and if you have any performance issues, the guides will help. (I'm running it at 1440p, mixed graphics settings, and it runs fine on a gtx 970 (I have a terrible processer, i5 3330 which is my main issue in most games))Multiplayer servers, they're not the best. They do seem to rise quite a lot from a solid 80 straight up to 500 for a couple of seconds. It can suck to play sometimes with this issue, but it's to be expected for their first fully online game.The community is great, well, except for this one guy... he called be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (I didn't think anyone would've known!!!) ... but that's about it.There are some cons about this game, but hey, they gotta make some money somehow. It has microtransactions so you can unlock things faster, but it's not necessary. Also, I read that they're going to be building a yearly campaign, but it will cost a subscription fee or something like that.All in all, I recommend this gem for a dollar. It's fun, but unforgiving if you play on some harder difficulties by yourself.Fyi, DON'T use the assault rifle when you first start out, it sucks. Use the second loadout which has a shotgun.. extremely OP."
,Not Recommended,407840,29835803,Posted: 10 February,all,P0lT10n,"My god, how can this♥♥♥♥♥♥be on steam..."
,Recommended,407840,22781791,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,乙 | JahnMan,"Summary:The Orion Project is a survival/objective based game. If you have played games such as Killing Floor, ORION: Dino Prelude and other titles similar to those, then this game shouldn't beTOOstrange to you. As of now there are two game modes currently availiable and seven classes.Don't think that just because the game is priced at a single U.S. dollar that it's of low quality. This game is very unique title worth well over one dollar even in it's current early acess state. If this game was completley polished and full of content I would be willing to spend upwards around $40.But let's talk in detail about the game in it's current state.The DetailsHarvestSurvivalSkill TreeItemsClassesHarvest:Protect your collector machine as it mines ""blue gold"" veins from the planet. Ten waves of fighting dino's and alien creatures as this machines mines money from the ground. While doing this at certain waves a secondary objective will appear rewarding you will crafting materials, items, and currency.Survival:Right now survival is the exact same as harvest except it never ends, you protect the collector untill it gets destroyed or everyone dies in a single wave. The devs have future plans to make survival a lot different by removing the collecter so you only have to worry about self and team.Skill Tree:Think of each playable class in the game as a different hero or champion you can select to use, and each of them level up on their own; and have their own inventory; and their own unique skills; and their own weapons types yaddha yaddah.Well anyways the skill tree is essentially your classic skill tree found in the game Borderlands, or like Masteries in LoL. There's 3 catagorys and every time you level up you get a points to allot in each catagory. You can reset all alloted points at anytime, free of charge, so don't worry too much if you missclick. <I beleive the current level cap is 50>Items:The only thing there is to tell about items is that you can gear them towards a specific type of build prety well. My only problem is equipting different items doesn't change any visuals on the player.Classes:Seven different classes and many more in the making.. You will find one you like I promise.The End:I somewhat rushed the ending of this because I want to get back to playing this game. Freaking buy it, I mean what else are you going to spend a dollar on? A single stick of gum?"
,Recommended,407840,22683887,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ragnarokr,"Spent the first fourty minutes of gameplay just trying to get the damn thing to work... and then spent another ten trying to even find out how to start a mission, and the following twenty of my eighty-four minutes learning how to play. I still dont know how to upgrade or craft and it appears the skin I purchased in game refuses to work. That being said... the game's pretty fun. It needs A LOT of ♥♥♥♥ing work, but It'll be an amazing game once its done. Beware the loading screen: The last two matches i've played loaded so slowly that my squad has already completed a wave or three, or are all dead. I'd reccomend it just because it's got a lot of potential and it's fun in it's current state, but at the same time... get it when it's on sale. 6/10"
,Recommended,407840,23503932,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,oJokerAUo,One of the Coolest games i've played for 99c. Well done!
,Recommended,407840,22668001,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Rk x) #Lan,"Just gonne put this out here.This game is amazing. and its pretty early in its development.I have only played it for around 2 hours or something but geeeze. its good allreadyIm not going to list all the features that will come with the game.For just $1, you could expect:-an massive open world. You will be able to explore and visit diffrent planets because this game will have an entire solar system in it. For just $1.... like damn this is allready better than most of the $40-50 range games, lol.- You're own spaceship. well ofc you need to have that if you will be able to explore an solar system. duh..- 3 view styles: Top-Down, Third-Person and First-Person.- Being able to create your own guardian.- Local-Coop, if you're an person that likes to play games with some buddies- Many diffrent creatures and dinosaurs that will be added constantly to the game.- Trading. Yay.- Weather patterns in each specific biome. like tornados and stuff like that. yay tornados.- And finally... Its not pay 2 win. So freaking many rpg games out there is pay 2 win. but yeah this game you will be able to get the in-game currency ION, to shop the stuff you like. It is what you call CREDITS in this game too, but guess what. You can convert ION to CREDITS. damn. that nice.ALL THIS FOR JUST $1??I dont understand.  Its just to good for just $1... to good..Buy it. plez... It will be worth it...I'm out"
,Recommended,407840,23494099,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Fukumoto,The devs that actuly care
76561198224371892,Recommended,407840,23699276,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GeckoGamer,This is a fun and exciting game that is always getting updates to inprove and mold the game that i am very excited about. With weekly updates that game is becoming a beatuful and Fun with loads of content. Cant wait for the next update!
,Recommended,407840,22689025,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Witti,More fun than some AAA games - FOR 1€! Dinosower! It's worth the money.
,Recommended,407840,22684424,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,keido69,pretty fun game for coopawesome dinos
76561198131876996,Recommended,407840,22962896,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Parus_owo,Shooting pterodactyls cross map with a shotgun.I love it.
,Recommended,407840,23298533,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,sh4rp3r,"This game gets only better with each update.The gameplay is great as a Top-Down/Third Person/First Person shooter (although I still prefer the Top-Down View).The graphics are breautiful.The music is good (although I usually just play my local music while killing dinos).So I'd say is one of the best games you can buy for 1$, totally worth it."
,Recommended,407840,22771003,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Blank,"The game is still quite buggy and needs some polishing, but it's still quite fun. And especially for 1€, you have nothing to lose."
76561198093336856,Recommended,407840,23732894,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Muppet of a Man,the game is a ♥♥♥♥ing dollar! get it already!
,Recommended,407840,23512671,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Coby,8/10
76561198205403077,Recommended,407840,23626062,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,RSSF - Maverick,"Pros:Beautiful interface, good graphics, good gameplay, you can co-op with your friends and kill tons of dinos or play survival. And it's only $1 !!!! Much better than many $80 games.Cons:The game becomes repetitive pretty fast, and there are only 2 game modes right now (Protect the Harvester and Survival) but it's still Early Access and there are some other game modes coming up soon.If you just like shooting and killing casually this game is great. I love it."
,Recommended,407840,23421848,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Draknus,"This review is posted just after the first bug fix to the FPS module was added, so we've got two PvE Game modes, and three camera settings (FPS, Over Shoulder Third Person, and Top Down). I love this game. It's so much fun, it's got a great look to it, the controls are already really smooth and easy to handle. I consider it worth every penny of the $9.99 I originally paid for it, and it's only $0.99 now. Just get the game. It's just fun. Even playing with randoms, which is normally hell in multiplayer games, is fun in this. The fact that you can always choose your difficulty scale means that anyone who likes a challenge can get a challenge right off the bad, while anyone who likes a more casual experience can have that. The enemies provide their own individual challenges, and the availability of the three cameras makes it possible for even those who normally get motion sickness from FPS and TPS games to join in on the fun. Seriously, please, just get the game."
,Recommended,407840,23625764,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dynalfos,This game is so freaking awesome!I wish the soundtrack would come out so I can jam out to the boss battle musicbut other than that the game is just so cool!Will be staying with it for the whole time it goes through development since Iam a founder since the day it came out!10/10! So Good!!!
76561197970739339,Recommended,407840,23495672,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"An amazing game for the ludicrously low price, but very bare-bones at the moment, with noticably wonky animations. Otherwise, it's a surprisingly competent cooperative shooter with a number of character classes, weapons, and stat-boosting gear items available. You can switch beween third-person, first-person and even top-down views at will. It has two modes currently, Harvest and Survival, the main difference being that Harvest ends after ten waves and a boss fight, as in say, Killing Floor, with a variety of maps. The jetpack-equipped Assault, healing Support, and cloaking Recon classes are available from the start, while others must be purchased using ""Trek"" currency, which can be obtained in-game through achivements and quests, and also exchanged for the other currency ""Ion"", albeit at a slow rate. Other cash shop items include armor colors, hats, pets, XP boosts, etc. There is an experience and level system with skill trees, allowing you to get things like increased sprint speed or shorter cooldowns for your class grenade. Everyone can also perform a short distance teleport move and a more mundane dodge roll. There's a zany variety of enemies, including robots, aliens and goddamn dinosaurs.According to the various trailers there's a startling array of content planned for this game, including pilotable vehicles, a hub city with vendors, personal spacecraft, and some form of open-world gameplay transforming the overall experience into a type of shooter-MMO, perhaps vaguely similar to what Destiny should have been. It remains to be seen if the developers can meet these goals but I wish them luck in doing so."
,Recommended,407840,22663703,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Oleander,"The game is pretty solid as is and we hope the developer delivers on the future updates for this game.With that said, this developer is one of the best developers out there. They never quit on ORION Prelude and made it significantly better. So expect the same for this game. Kudos to the team that made these types of games, your dedication to your playerbase should be envied by big developers."
,Recommended,407840,22803146,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,smeagledorf,What are you waiting for!99 centsGame looks like a AAA title in the works99 centsFirst person dino killing and then some99 centsI have my graphics all the way up looks awsome!99 centsAgain what are you doing reading this and not downloading!99 cents
,Recommended,407840,27425604,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,R6Coil®,"It's a good game,but laggy af"
,Recommended,407840,30763562,Posted: 26 March,all,Jelly,"Not that bad of a game--especially for under $1, it is really worth it."
76561198284005029,Recommended,407840,28317333,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Da Hobbit,"very good, but needs work...every time i complete a game, it kicks me back to the main screen and none of my character levels are saved, i cant get pass level one..."
,Recommended,407840,23739549,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Forgewolf,"For .50 cents or even $1, this game is fair. Although in many ways this game is basic in design, it exceeds at giving you something to play if you don't feel up to playing anything else. The controls are simple and all you need to know is, ""Look at me go!"""
76561198099292628,Not Recommended,407840,30272483,Posted: 1 March,all,Atomic Bombs,I bought this game when it was just 1 dollar and it was pretty good. Now its $25 and its total garbage. TF happened?
,Recommended,407840,28118243,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ＲＡＤＩＵＳ,"ok, much to add kills some time, good with m8s, devs will probs give up on it after a while"
76561198197681670,Recommended,407840,23764075,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Azriel,"Sold me at Mechs & Dinos. the price cant be beaten. ""its at $0.49 for now"". top down,  3rd person and First Person view options. The Devs are always around and very actively update the game and interact with the community. one more thing, its NOT a pay 2 win game. i recommend anyone to grab it ASAP!"
76561198030014562,Recommended,407840,23753387,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Craig,"If you played and enjoyed Dino Hoard/Orion Prelude you will love this. Very fun co-op play against dinosaurs.Not the greatest game ever made, but surely the best for this price! There are a lot of AAA games which aren't half as fun as this."
76561198040731533,Recommended,407840,23333809,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,scootdawg,i like it ....it definately has potential!!! im eagerly awaiting the missions...should be a lot of fun.
76561198157830201,Recommended,407840,23521840,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,A cat with a camera.,"Its a really fun game what you should buy if you have faith in the full game. How it is now... its okay not the best but really fun. It is really fun and cheap so you should buy it, if you like top down shooters you will like it. So get it is really good. If you like being in a team killing so meany dinos you will love it alot. If you want to get a better game then wait, but the price might go up so its a bit of a gamble. EDIT: i dont care about the gun models and sound things. Does it realy matter? it does not change the game and it is so big of a deal. It is a good game and let me talk about the trailer, this game is made on a low buget and you can see it by the gun model thing. So this game used to be in kickstarter but it did not work, so they reused the kickstarter one, what would be saying in the full game what will be there. still get it do not lisen to the hate and shoot dinos!"
,Recommended,407840,23576028,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ChaoTEC,"A wave based survival shooter.You kill dinosaurs and alien robots or whatever they are.Pretty fun, lots of different weapons and characters.Looks great, runs great.It is .99 cents.You can get a bunch of friends together and try not to die."
76561198040704134,Recommended,407840,23597742,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Coach EllisGetRekt'd,"For an early access game, i'm very impressed with how it is."
,Recommended,407840,23746410,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Twatlick Spergle,"Some glitches when loading into a game or teaming up with friends, but its not a bad time waster for a buck."
,Recommended,407840,23760090,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Skooma_Salesman,Very good game. Since its still in early access it hard to rate it. But it has potential to be a greate game. Highly recommended if you can get this for 1$.
,Not Recommended,407840,30494647,Posted: 13 March,all,Alpha,"I'm very dissapointed in this game. First offline mode is not connected in anyway to online mode. It's two seperate accounts. So your internet goes down for a while and you still feel like playing, you can play offline mode but you won't level up. Second I can't even play online mode. Every time I try to play a game online it kicks me out back to the main menu and I have to login again. I can play offline just fine but I can't do anything online. I have all these items offline but I can't use/craft with them.The way I see it the game is very disorganize. This game has a lot of potential but it's not being taken advantage of. I believe that the game should have been fixed of most bugs before the developers decided to create an ELITE EDITION. The way it is now it feels like im playing NO MANS SKY.For now I don't recommend buying this game but in the future I might."
76561198102344404,Recommended,407840,22879443,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Silija,Its a fun game and for its price its dirt cheap.
,Not Recommended,407840,25406163,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Hej,sensitivity is too high on foot and too low in overhead modeit is impossible to set anything resembling a proper mouse sensitivityI do not enjoy playing with frustrating controls so this game gets a thumbs down for having bad input
76561198144564324,Not Recommended,407840,26725427,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,EasternDerp,this is a pece of crap.i got the pioneer pack and it didnt even give me the items
,Not Recommended,407840,25254269,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Blazbow Bapkins,"With a clear affinity for Bungie, it's pretty easy to tell these devs are avid FPS players, and their attempt to emulate their favorite industry tropes is admirable. Although, I feel their ambitions for this project are unreasonable, considering they lack the actual know-how when it comes to art design and game play. This game is nearly identical to Prelude, aside from the updated engine which gives the game most of its flare. You'll notice most of the screen shots reflect this, obscuring the details with screen glare and DOF. If you really liked prelude, you'll probably enjoy this, but you definitely get what you pay for, and it's not much. The devs are experienced salesmen and seem much more focused on  marketing instead of actually improving their game, to the point of cuting corners and stealing assets. Plenty of F2P games out there that are more worth your time."
,Not Recommended,407840,33468889,Posted: 11 July,all,POLYLE,Prelude is better. Guardians of Orion is like if Prelude had a hub world that was way too big for the speed the character moves at in it and gutted 50% of the content from prelude.
,Recommended,407840,25504387,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Aboar,"It's buggy, has a lack of players, badly optimised, but despite an underwhelming current state it has been shown by the devs that they care about what players say and the game is quickly becoming a great example of early access done right by good devs.current state 3/10promise 9/10worth the money 10/10"
76561198145823291,Not Recommended,407840,32838904,Posted: 26 June,all,start//end,"Has potential but it is a horribly optimizatized game, I have a 940MX that should run this game at medium and I get 20 at low. Everytime I click something it tabs me out and its really annoying. Bad game, go get a csgo skin or something instead of this."
,Recommended,407840,23544581,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,BananaSplitz,"This game is great for $1, my only problem is the choice of music, the music to me just doesn't feel very ""badass"" for a game where you kill dinosaurs, but other than that, I definitely recommend!"
76561198066086552,Recommended,407840,30661409,Posted: 21 March,all,Mindstorms,"Game its ok, i hope they boost the graphics a little and cleare keyboard layout HUD"
,Recommended,407840,30420148,Posted: 9 March,all,RS Gaming | Maki Best Idol,No game is perfect and this game falls under that category but its still a very fun game with a very nice system of upgrades and gamemodes. Overall I would give this game a 7.6/10
76561198108172590,Recommended,407840,22681925,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Astrál,I love this game. Come play!
76561198111271433,Recommended,407840,22247120,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kyrah Child From Fire,"After seeing Orion Prelude I thought getting Guardions of Orion was not the best choice of I game I could get under 20$.Then I actually tried it, and was suprised by the vast amount of good changes done with it! First and 3rd person? Fantastic.Ah if only my other steam freinds had this then we could record game play, and have a blast."
76561198229252576,Recommended,407840,28476166,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,willdafoe,my friends and i like this game a lot it's extremely fun to just grind and the crap out of dinosuars!! after reading a lot of the reviews i just wanted to say play it for yourself and find out if you like it! I personally haven't had any issues with the game nor the dev. I hope enough people play and support it to allow new and more content to become available.
,Not Recommended,407840,30088529,Posted: 21 February,all,Soomachoos,Somehow they broke everything. Dont really know how. Bought for one dollar when it first came out. Is really not worth the 25 dollar price tag at this point. And most definitely not worth the one hundered dollar upgrade. At the start it was a simple idea that was executed well but then they broke the contol scheme and then everything else went downhill quickly. Shame seeing as how everybody had such high hopes for this game.
76561198110788024,Recommended,407840,21898579,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Captain Price No.627 | TV78,Well.... I hope there's asian server. Can't play with high-ping in  non-asian server in this game.
,Recommended,407840,27613593,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Darkness2k,"For the£0.39I paid for this I think I've easily had my money's worth...With the looming price changes and unpredictable nature of its development it's difficult to say whether to recommend this product or not.Based on what I paid, yes.Your mileage may vary."
76561198344608607,Recommended,407840,31282172,Posted: 21 April,all,grimblefly,This game is like the last but better! More maps improved graphics and 20 + more guns and dinos!
76561197968357855,Recommended,407840,31305355,Posted: 22 April,all,Bonesjustice08,I'd buy that for a dollar!!Great game for the price.
76561198092856398,Recommended,407840,28178310,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gottem,I bought this game back when it was $15 and i think it was totally worth it. If you and a couple of friends want to blow off a couple of hours for really cheap this is the game for you.
,Recommended,407840,31129799,Posted: 13 April,all,ALTRIX,For $1 this game is a steal. Just wish it had local servers other than US & Europe. Hard to play with my friends in Australia at 300 ping.
,Not Recommended,407840,32849435,Posted: 27 June,all,Lmoggy,Total broken garbage
,Recommended,407840,22873611,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,[BB]Drifter,"Overall not bad so far. Have not played for a long stretch at this point but once I figured out some of the controls and how to use F1 to change views I am happy. Sure, there is much to be added but at this point progress is being made and for a buck it was certainly worth it. Time will tell where this game progresses in the future."
,Recommended,407840,22133341,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,░░╚╝nExþ☻C╥eD░░,"Amazing game, amazing graphics for early access... you can switch between 3rd person, isometric and hopefully soon 1st person. Now combining a (open world portion) that is very well developed for this game to be such early access, including that any copy bought before late april is considered a founders copy allowing to you receive an amazing amount of content. The devs of this game are very generous and have done an amazing job so far, so lets keep them pushing forward and wish them good luck. 10/10 would recommend to anyone :D keep up the good work and make this a game to remember!"
,Recommended,407840,22641112,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,StormDestroyer,Good game. Worth it for $1 and you also get founders pass. Regularly updated by the devs. Awesome game to play with friends.P.S. You can switch from top-down shooter to third-person shooter when you press the F1 key. First-person incoming soon.
76561198011118610,Recommended,407840,21066402,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,craftz,This game is crazy.
,Recommended,407840,19730485,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bones,Very polished Early Access Game that will hopefully continue to received new content regularly to maintain a multiplayer base as it has potential.
76561198167040338,Not Recommended,407840,30058661,Posted: 20 February,all,ReTeXGaming,This game can eat my♥♥♥♥♥I only paid 49 cents for it and it was not even worth that. Wait its 25$ now? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DON'T BUY IT!
,Recommended,407840,33046659,Posted: 30 June,all,Colonel is pronounced Kernel,"It isn't nearly as bad as people say. For ♥♥♥♥s sake man it's 1 dollar, and like 60 cents when on sale. You're definately not getting ♥♥♥♥ed over either way."
76561198068222685,Recommended,407840,30682490,Posted: 23 March,all,Blue Mage CXIV,A fun arcade-like shooter that seems to have gotten a bad rep. for various development issues. I would heartily recommend as it's a good way to spend 20-30 minutes.
,Recommended,407840,23370552,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Bino,I personally find this game very good for $1 and it's really good for beta i bought it for ♥♥♥♥♥ and gigs since it was only $1 and was pleasantly surprised about how to look and felt the only negative about it is it's poorly optimized atm. Still very enjoyable at 30 fps though. I have a Radeon R7 360x and get between 25-30 fps.
,Not Recommended,407840,24109146,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,texdade,"""The Orion Project is a living, breathing and Persistent Universe allowing for you to travel the Galaxy and experience Open World Gameplay like never before!""That's not true: you get only a lobby with other player where you can browser the server... I know this is in development but at least put the open world module in a todo list instead of claiming this is ACTUALLY a open world...The game feels very much like ORION: Prelude but without vehicles and a useless top-down visual mode. Graphics and animation are very clunky."
,Recommended,407840,33263402,Posted: 4 July,all,pastaroni,wait what game is this
,Not Recommended,407840,24573928,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,@Kuruzeus,"too lag, but cheap is good idea to sell ur game with a little small piece of pie ;-;"
76561198079484396,Recommended,407840,19797477,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Valkyrs Bane,"A solid early access game with wave based top-down shooter fun. Refreshing to find an early access that actually works with minimal problems and has planned releases that show what developments are being included. Great community from my experience. My only gripe is that there is the lack of additional game modes (which to my knowledge are being added) and the amazing world has very little in the way of lore, weapon customization, and other personalizations. The game has a lot of subtle charm imo though and I can't wait to see how it develops"
,Not Recommended,407840,24153772,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Tom,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME!I was browsing the steam market and my friend said to me, ""hey we should buy this game, its only 40p"" I said ok and we both bought it. Let me tell u now, It's not even worht 40p, thats how good of a game it is. The screenshots promised first person dino murder at the core, and what we got was a strategy game, thats poorly optimised and can barley run multiplyer gameplay. I am sad, i could have wasted my money on Counter-Strike instead of this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197979280683,Recommended,407840,23054027,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,-=SlimeGel=-,"Top-down shooter version of Orion: Prelude.  Better graphics, easy to earn cosmetic microtransactions for free, friendly community,Still in early phase; needs lots of work, including a plot and complete item overhaul.$1 is worth trying."
76561197975161189,Recommended,407840,23730883,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,AJM,It went onsale after i bought it.. I don't care though because it is one dollar.10/10 -AJM
76561198267942715,Recommended,407840,30271266,Posted: 1 March,all,[FL:RP] Blazer2sam,"Great game, its getting better and better, and give the game a chance."
76561198010001087,Recommended,407840,28501366,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Makarl,"This game shows a lot of promise and, in it's early stage of development, is incredibly fun to play."
76561198278470219,Not Recommended,407840,24129193,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Seize the Means of Production,"""The Orion Project is a living, breathing and Persistent Universe allowing for you to travel the Galaxy and experience Open World Gameplay like never before! Explore vast Regions each with unique Wildlife and Weather patterns, to Harvest and collect resources, Loot Gear and Level up your Characters while fighting through a variety of Objectives, Missions and Quests"" Umm i literally saw none of this in the game. From what ive played its just a 4 player co-op wave based surival game and not even a fun one at that. Until this game can deliver what it says it is, dont play it"
76561198276110545,Recommended,407840,28445150,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Joseph Clarke,meh 1 dollar cant go wrong
,Not Recommended,407840,24384802,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,[WS4L] Sensei Weeb,"Well until I can actually accept or send an invite to play with a friend, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get it fixed and I might change my mind. Prelude is better as of right now."
76561198104374512,Not Recommended,407840,21376905,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Porcupine,"For some reasons the last few updates had really toppled what was perfected eariler, I know you guys are trying to add in more content, but when the HUD starts disappearing and the game struggles to transfer between 3rd person and overhead view again, not to mention return of the lagging, then there's a problem. I mean I can deal with the long loading screens, but to spawn into the game to have my♥♥♥♥♥♥rekt because OH NOES LAG. I think I'll wait this out again... And this game has loads of potential too. :("
,Not Recommended,407840,24623732,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jamal,"It is honestly a quite enjoyable game for what it is - for about 15 minutes. It quickly gets repetitive and the game isn't very well optimised at some points, especially in big battles. However, not bad for 39p."
76561198251381258,Not Recommended,407840,26530954,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Phoenyx35,this game is total♥♥♥♥♥♥please dont buy unless you like 3rd person bull crap the screenshots are fake and the game sucks
,Recommended,407840,25556430,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,VonWolfman,"Fun shooting dinos and some robots game. Way better then the price would suggest. I have been playing with my son, and we have a blast playing."
,Not Recommended,407840,21053767,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kojin,"Buggy as hell, doesn't work for me at all. Game is just simply unplayable. Take my money, buy yourself a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ yourself with it."
,Not Recommended,407840,24121432,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Indigo Gaming,"You can't argue with the price, but this last week has shown a very ugly side of the developer, who has a long and ugly history of using stolen assets, community manipulation to get people on their side of the controversies with Activision's recent copyright claim, which users have demonstrably shown that Trek Industries (current dev name after at least one sneaky name change) was at fault.With the re-establishment of the game and the announcement that the game was going to go Free-to-Play, I'm a little ticked off. Maybe this was mentioned somewhere obscure but it's a d:ck move to change a paid Early Acccess game into a F2P game mid-stream.Overall, don't invest in this game until it releases and gets a ton of positive coverage. Too bad, this actually looked like it had some promise."
76561198056445378,Not Recommended,407840,24434288,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Kalisto,http://www.thejimquisition.com/trek-versus-activision-how-orion-went-from-victim-to-villain-in-one-night/
76561198108052503,Recommended,407840,28213108,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SoJhiin,"Pros:Really fun team play, easy to set up games with friends.Large difficulty range, hard is much, much harder than easy, and there are levels above hard.Offline play allows you to play every class without unlocking them. Great way to see what you like and learn different classes with no pressure.Graphics are pretty good, much better than I was expecting from a game costing 49 cents.Smooth combat, controls are easy, dino's aren't always too smart but you'll be happy about that on harder difficulties. The small dino's can be a pain to see in grassy areas which is awesome.Day/Night, you can choose if it will be day or night out, small thing but I liked it.You can unlock nearly everything without spending more than the initial price.Cons:Limited content, only modes currently are harvester and survival which are a little different but for now not much variety in game plan, but such is true for most fps games with no story mode. Only 4 maps to play on.Storage is small and there are a lot of different mats with which to craft new things. You can pay to increase storage space but be careful, The $2.49 deal increases to $4.99 when steam overlay comes up, and the $9.99 package goes up to $14.99. Not sure what the deal with this is or if it was a mistake.Not many players...so please come give me some people to kill dinosaurs with :)All in all well worth the very small price tag :)"
,Recommended,407840,27283011,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fl0m,"I have met some of the most incredible people playing this game. I love the game, it is super fun to play top down and even third or first person. If you want to meet some wonderful people and play a game you will fall in love with, play this game."
76561197997595619,Not Recommended,407840,21066086,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,KillFace,"This game is not a first person shooter, despite every one of the videos and half the pictures suggesting that it is, or at least allows you to change POV. Why the misleading ads? I played it for a bit, and despite a wholly unnecessary crafting system, it's even more shallow than Halo: Combat Evolved. Also frustrating was being attacked by aeiral units when the game does not allow you to aim up. Just like the earlier game, it's a constantly changing mush of half baked ideas and game mechanics running on a good platform."
76561198016542807,Not Recommended,407840,25056657,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,AtomicWinter,"I regret giving this company any kind of money. I will never support this company's morals after reading how they treat their developers, how dishonest David is (like the indiegogo deal), etc. I bought it because it had local co-op and it wasn't even that great anyway. My daughter was tired of it after several minutes and hasn't touched it since. I feel sorry for those who purchased the Elite edition of this."
76561197991237618,Recommended,407840,23950439,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,unarmedelephant,Buy this game.  It is a dollar.The developers appear to be an insane cult that worships the techno dinosaur god.I have never been more curious about the future of  a game.
76561198041220746,Not Recommended,407840,21569222,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,-Breeze-,The game won't start in any mode solo or online
,Not Recommended,407840,21035341,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Duke Cybran (Never-ending CF,Horrible optimisation.The 'System Requirements' is just for fun.Start the game online and see a picture of an XBOX controller and then back to the menu automatically.I may consider rewriting the review as soon as the problem has been fixed :)
76561198006521459,Not Recommended,407840,25086792,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ryvucz,"Didn't log onto their multiplayer servers to get the founders bonus, and simply playing the game and owning it prior to the cutoff date doesn't count.Other than that, dev is scum, game is laggy online for the most part.Dev blames my PC, connection, etc.But Star Citizen runs fine for me. He hates Star Citizen. Not sure why."
,Recommended,407840,23647165,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,̩̥͓͔͒,"A must buy. Love the whole idea and what's already in game. Great gameplay, even better when playing with great friends.Pure Perfection."
,Not Recommended,407840,26766640,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prank,I can't even get it running
,Recommended,407840,23792180,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,¯\_ツ_/¯,"Long story short: it's great. I will go into more details here:PROS:+ beautiful graphics, pretty much best I've ever seen+ variety of classes and weapons+ premium currency can be get for daily and weekly quests and also you can exchange it from common currency so no P2W+ it's really cheap, I mean 1€? everyone can buy it+ 3 types of views (from top, third person, first person) that you can change whenever you want+ varying creatures (you would think that robots and dinosaurs can't vary, but they can)+ skill trees and inventory (might be downside for some ppl)CONS:- a bit grindy (not a problem for me and I don't like grinding)- can lag once in a while- no tutorial for new players- not enough players (so go buy it now!)Please keep in mind that it's early access, so a lot will improve. Also, PVP is coming."
,Recommended,407840,23808596,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Toe Knee,Fell in love with the game after playing for 10 minutes
,Recommended,407840,23813462,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,- N O M S T E R -,You can fight a robot samurai while trying to avoid a triceratops while trying to prevent dinosaurs from destroying a harvesting vehicle while trying to fend off pterodactyls10/10
,Recommended,407840,21661446,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Uzi,"I got it for 99 cents, thats what this game is worth. It doesnt carry on from prelude, this isnt a first person anymore. RIght now I am at 50/50 with this game, just the top down view and the 3rd person doesnt work with this game. If they add first person I will be super happy with this game."
,Recommended,407840,21528225,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DigitalRed,Wish there was a buy 4-pack option.
,Recommended,407840,21536597,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TrunKs,Asia server pls
76561198021453573,Recommended,407840,23714720,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,EyeForAnEye,Its a fun simple shooter with big goals. Its worth way more than a dollar check it out.
76561198032774252,Recommended,407840,23719195,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Fennykun The Fog Machine,"This game is really well made and has pretty stunning visuals for a early access game. The new trailer does this game justice by showing all the different view modes. Really excited for what comes next from this company. If you are unsure, don't be. It is only a dollar and you won't regret it."
76561198098789683,Recommended,407840,23719222,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Vortex_William,Really amazing game for 1 dollar so much content coming for 1 dollar comapny who made this truly honor there words and some of the best game dev's in the world would recommend to anyone
,Recommended,407840,24067735,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheBrandedCrispy,"One of the best creative games i've ever seen. Let them finish it until it's done, with a simple dollar is enough to support this tiny proyect and i got many friends with this game. If you don't like this game ot you're a total fadt-aas who loves to complain this game due the Activision weird copyright incident. Or however, if you love the weird Activision that abuses you and rapes you with 80$ non-creative and repetitive anual games with expensive 15$ for new season content wasting your entire life waiting for them, you're totally a stupid person. The game deserves to exist.(my review will be updated during 2017)"
,Recommended,407840,24052085,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Darwo25,It is totaly worth it !!+ Idea is great+ Music is awesome+ cheap+ crafting system+ Skilltree & Armors etc.- still few game modes- often bugs and lags (but still in early access)
76561198043602463,Not Recommended,407840,24151624,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sum Bad Tater Tots,"I'll try to check this game out in the future but don't recomend at the momentPros :The musicArt work for loading screens is really well done. I actually like themDinosaursCons:Hard to find games to join, might be better off making your own serverLots of technical problems - shadows act weird such as appearing and disapearingSpent 10 minues to find out I couldn't load into online or offline game modes from being in full screen modeNo tutorial - no explaination on how the game works, all I got was based on looking at my keybindingsResource heavy for high settings at 720pGameplay is clunky based on first and third person viewYou can tell most of the develepment time was used on making textures and shaders"
,Recommended,407840,22742909,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,HerrFegelein,please make it run on my toaster
76561198137859017,Recommended,407840,25569936,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Xx_Smaug_Dargon_xX csgolive.com,Great Game and its just only 1$
,Recommended,407840,23739089,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Procyon,You can get this for cheaper than something off of the McDonald's value menu.
,Recommended,407840,23815731,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MAXIMUM OVERRUSTLE,"GREAT game to sit back with a controller, and slay stuff in the over the top camera mode.Fun RPG elements: Guns and gear to collect. A good variety of classes and abilities with different talent trees (wow style)Definitely worth it at such a low price!"
76561198052269828,Recommended,407840,23816320,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bruce Balfour,Great game - lots of fun and for fifty cents it is awesome!
76561198032164748,Recommended,407840,20990587,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,My_Rating_For_Steem_Is_Zero_thou,"TLDR; Basics are kill dinos to get gold, upgrade your character to kill dinos easier. Solid topdown or third person shooter, four player or single player dino killin fun for just about any newish pc or modern laptop. The object of the game is to protect your harvester by killing dinos and upgrading your hero with the blue gold. There are multiple heros and guns and dinos and levels or maps. Each hero has at least one unique ability, There is so much planned for this game that I cannot express it in an TLDR.This game is a mix between a very accessible topdown twin stick dino shooter and a very solid TPV/FPV dino shooter. With many planned features or modules in the works. I would expect to have bugs and small issues until most of the planned features of The Orion Project universe are added. Then the process of optimization begins. This game is worth ten dollars right now as is but for a short time you can get it for one dollar!Some planned featuresSpace based city with housing.Planets.Your own space ship.Mechs, just like Orion prelude but this time with at least three types.Hoardes of dinos!!!!!! (At least ten so far)Guns. (implemented)Class based heros, female and male.(implemented)Grenades (implemented)Vehicles.Open world/universe.Trek store (where all things can be purchased with money earned in game or real money if you desire)I like this game because its innovative, has a roadmap, sticks to it goals like superglue, and listens to the gamers.. wait that might be the developers I'm talking about."
,Recommended,407840,20300277,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Duckbeef | csgoroll.com,"just get this game, it has one of the best co-op experiences out there------------------------------pros-great co-op-balanced gameplay-has a lot of potential- regular updates-easy to learn, you jus need to know the controls-unique gameplay-----------------------------------cons-not so many servers-has some glitches-not so much content (its still early access and a really new game)in general Guardians of Orion (GoO) is a great game with alot of potential, reminds me of helldivers but abit more casual player-friendly. It has great co-op gameplay and unique boss-battles and even fatalities10/10"
76561198180952406,Recommended,407840,32964251,Posted: 28 June,all,Iηuzuκαηαrα,"This game is fun just to start, it has a loth of things you can unlock and customize if you play enough. The unlock system is alrright its pretty slow if you only buy the $0.99 version but its not as if you cant get everything with a bit of time in game. The community is small bit seems to be gowing, slowly bit still growing. The dev is a streamer and that ads a nice twist in my eyes, its nice to be able to see or at least hear the maker of the game rather than him/her being some fcaeless entity over the game. The ability to mod your character with verious augments is also nice because that gives you room to play in a manner you want to provided the gear exists in the game. If you buy the full game dlc it definately speeds up your progress in the game but it in no way is a pay to win so that makes everything stay on a good level were no one is going to rage because they just cant improve in any way. The pvp is very balanced so it is more up to skill than anything which is a good thing depending on what your looking for in a pvp game however to my eyes it seems this game is fousing more on the co-op portion than the pvp.I really do like this game alot and dont have the most objective view so you can ether read a nother revew that you feel may be less bios or try it out yourself which i really do recomend since its only $0.99 or even less if on sale."
,Recommended,407840,24061088,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,FindableEel61,LOVE THIS GAME! <3
,Not Recommended,407840,33360431,Posted: 7 July,all,Nahwah,"This game is god awful. I mean, the graphics are slightly above average, but that's basically all. There is no introduction or tutorial; you have to figure out controls and all. It also appears that this game was made for the Xbox 360, but the only platform is Steam. What is mean by that is the GUI controls are buttons on a gamepad; for example, it's not ""left click to confirm"" it's ""press the 'A' button to confirm, so controls are even more diffiicult to figure out. The dinos are overpowered. It's easier to compare if you've played Orion: Prelude (which is an amazing game by the way, get that not this). Even when you use the ""sniper"" class, which presumable does the most immediate damage, it takes 4-5 shots to kill even a ""Compy""or Compsognathus for all you technical people out there. And by the way, you'll be dead before you can even get a hit. So get Orion: Prelude; not this game. Guardians of Orion is the worst game I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,407840,24041981,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Adonexus,"Dosent really run on this computer even with absolute low graphic settings.Considering i have 6gb ram, 1tb storage, and quad core processing im pretty sure that it's not just me. Kinda broken... but ey, it's got cards."
76561198045810034,Recommended,407840,23839678,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DonCarrot,I bought a $1 game*puts on glasses*On a saleYEAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,407840,21438413,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Tasty,"*Sheds a tear* How can a developer be so hard working on a game even though it failed twice, look at trek's other games, they went through the same fate, but I award trek industries the award for most faifthful developers. Seriously. That determation is something godlike, never refusing to stop, even when somebody taps them on the shoulder and goes ""it's over, man. Forget it."" They just say ""Oh yeah? Just watch."" And watch we did. And recieve we DID."
,Not Recommended,407840,29942725,Posted: 15 February,all,NinjaBlu,"I bought this game when it first came out and was super cheap. The reason i bought it was because i thought it had potential, and i really liked Orion Prelude. Sadly, even with all of the updates they have done, the game still isn't finished. Yet somehow this game claims to be out of early access? Yea..ok... Not to mention the stuff every other review is mentioning now; the fact that this game is a ""cash-grab."" Now i dont know anything about the developers personally, here i was thinking Orion Prelude was just a small project they made to try some things out. However, after seeing what they've done with this game, im not so sure this company has ever truly ""finished"" a game. So if you're looking for a cool dino shooter you can play with friends, go get Orion Prelude. Despite it not being finished either, at least its only a dollar."
76561198076149385,Not Recommended,407840,29793570,Posted: 8 February,all,Benny-Bone,"And to think, I could've bought a candy bar rather than waste 1$ on this... game?"
,Not Recommended,407840,24118025,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,phantos138,Well this game is a flop. Bought it for my wife and i thinking that it would be something that we could co-op on together but instead it gets old really fast and the devlopers are not going to go any further i would not suggest this game for even a penny. rather play stuff that has support and not a company looking to make a fast buck.
,Not Recommended,407840,28192075,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,S.a.W. JackalTaco,"Not what I expected, not what It says it is! This is an alright game from a so called ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting dev. Do not waste your money on this or do because then you can write a bad review and tell people how bad it is.Message to devs: You can't build the rest of the staircase until you have the first step."
,Recommended,407840,21492706,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,WTFAMiDOiNGHERE,"Please note that this game is still Early Access Game.This game was good but still lot of things need to fix.Positive- Different Classes and Class Ability- Killing T-Rex was very talent like what it should be in ORION: Prelude- Beauty of Unreal Engine 4- Graphic was still friendly to old computer users- Soundtrack- Co-op GameplayNegative- In my opinion Class Ability should be passive skill- Need more Customize system- This game isn't fun without friends- Poor server, this game need USWEST, AU, SEA servers- Ridiculous weapon recoil and bullet speedHopefuly this game is still on working and keep improving."
,Recommended,407840,21530691,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BurntPancake,"Wheres the ""Cooperative, Competitive, Social, Exploration and Dog-fighting Gameplay!""?"
76561198191122627,Recommended,407840,21530920,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,robotboy3001,you wont BELIVE how this game is awesome!1.turn on game2.play solo learn how to play3. geting ready for online4.go to online Shoot some Dinos DOWN!5.win online survival6.get awesome loot7.Defeat Boss like a pro8.go to level 509.game never borning10.relax and play the game tommorow!1000000000000000000/10 this is the BEST GAME i ever played! to awesome
76561198051064099,Recommended,407840,21766349,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Discarius,"Ever see a T-Rex tailslapped 3 of your teammates because they were shooting at its♥♥♥♥♥...well, i was also one of the victims.10/10 will do that again."
76561198140677389,Recommended,407840,22664802,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,xcrusherx13,"Nice and easy to pick up and play, seems like the devs really care about it with frequent updates and tweaks so I highly recommend it, especially cause of the impressive low priceOh and there are dinosaurs and robots, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,407840,21590374,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Phil,"Great game, even in single player, even better with some friends!Pro:-Price-Dinosaurs-Robots-Graphics-""zapping"" or whatever it's called (faster travel and fleeing out of dangerous situations)-Jetpacks-Dinosaurs onehitting you with a frontflip-Many updates-Guns-Skill tree-Loot-Different classes-controller supportContra:-sometimes low fps on higher settings-Crashes sometimes (joining games)-no campaignAll in all I would give it 9/10 because of the stability problems and missing campaign. If that's fixed I would give it a solid 10/10PC specs:i5 3.1Ghz quad core3GB ram (actually 8 but still using 32 bit windows)Gtx 750ti 2GB"
76561198040066001,Recommended,407840,22563524,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,JJ,"Coming from Orion Prelude I thought I had a pretty good idea what I was in for. A fun shooter without much meat around it, but good enough to keep me going for a few hours.Guardians of Orion (EDIT: Now The Orion Project) is not that. It's so much more.Play it top-down or in 3rd person. Play with friend, play alone. Slaughter (now survive) or survive (now harvest). Play with a controller or with kb and mouse.In my own experience I've found the controller to be great fun in top-down action and a single survival game can often last up to three hours.GOO (EDIT: Now PO :) ) is a great twin-stick shooter with a very (very) active dev that listens and responds (even to the tiniest things). Since the day I purchased it when I first saw it appear on Steam to now I've already seen incredible changes. Can't wait to see more.Being a fan of Orion Prelude I have a lot of faith in this game and will support it all the way. The devs have a real passion for what they're doing here and with big plans.I didn't buy this game on $1 sale like many others, I paid the full price and it's been completely worth it. When it did go on $1 sale though I bought a bunch of copies and gifted them to friends, because they need to play this.So, as the game is right now, is it worth buying? You bet. It's immensely fun with a leveling system that feels like you're working hard to earn XP but somehow never feels like a grind. It just has the right balance.The weapons are fun and from what I've seen seem quite balanced. The classes are different enough to give each player something that suits their own style. Come the patch on 25 April 2016 they added some more impressive content like character customisation and complete level overhauls.I've read a few people had optimisation issues, but honestly I'm not sure how. I've got a three year-old pc and it runs on mine like it does in the trailer. They're not lying.Keep up the good work devs...and people of Steam, give this one a try."
,Recommended,407840,22656282,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Freaktopus,"Worth the dollar, worth the hours you're going to spend.Had to restart the game a few times before it'd boot and connect to the servers properly, however having no issue now though."
,Recommended,407840,22106872,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,WhatDaMath,"It's an ARPG like experience with dinosaurs, level progression and ridiculously fast paced action.If you've played the other Orion game that this company released, it's sort of similar, but more ARPG less FPS.For the price I paid, I'm loving it."
,Recommended,407840,21071088,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DaTinyBoss,Best $1 spent ever.
76561198079246920,Recommended,407840,21413681,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,orange lightning,Average game at best then i accidently pressed f1 now its 10/10
,Recommended,407840,21894818,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,NovaZap,ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh its ok i guess
,Recommended,407840,23815508,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,smol flatsu,its lit
,Recommended,407840,23697147,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MLG Cancer Cell,"When i heard that ORION: PRELUDE was not the only game that was released, i flipped out to find this, one dollar, with graphics matching that of all the newest games and non released games is this, my only complaint is that the founder status should not be in a timezone but if you bought prelude before it ORION came out"
76561198101637329,Recommended,407840,23741816,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Shadafall,"This is a very good game for 1$. You can play it in first person, third person, and over head view as waves of dinosaurs comes at you. The multi-player sometimes doesn't work but I hope it will be soon fixed. I find it fun to play and I hop eothers do to."
,Recommended,407840,22643074,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Crax,This game is just amazing.You can play from the top-down view or 3rd person.Theres 10 different classes to choose from.Different gamemodes.Crafting system.Looting system.Main objectives and side objectives.Tons of different maps.Lots of cosmetic changes.Grind.This is definetly an enjoyable Co-op game and i would suggest you pick it up.
,Recommended,407840,22862151,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,stabbyjones,I hate multiplayer online gaming but I have never had so much fun with this game.It's actually full of fun players and the content that's here is great so far. Really looking forward to playing more.---update---After six months I've put a fair bit of time and money into this. Totally worth it. The player count really dropped off but it's picked up again with the latest update. Just played two sessions; morning and night with great players.Looks like it's picking up again. Recommend it even more now!---update after release---The amount on new content makes this game playable for me for another 70 hours. For new players this is the time to jump in. I've spent about 50+ dollars on music and elite as well as copies for friends. Have I got my money worth? Hell yes!
,Recommended,407840,23189654,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ツ Rbn',Bought this game 3 days ago. Already have 30h+ on record. I'm addicted to it. Just BUY THIS GAME! It's worth. Promise
76561198169564725,Recommended,407840,23493734,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ₛ ᵢ ₗ ₑ ₙ ₜ,great game but even when living in newzealand and playing in australian servers the average ping is at around 350
,Recommended,407840,23721331,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,TIKIslayer12,"Just $1??? Definitely worth it!!!! This game is rather fun and has quite a bit of content so it isn't all too bad. It's enough to keep you entertained for a few hours and you may even come back to play it more often than you'd expect. I'm satisfied with the game's current state and can only imagine what awesome features are in the making. Pick this game up, it's worth it and did I mention it's only $1?"
,Recommended,407840,22777983,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,GrayTap,"I can't recommend or turn people away. all I can do is shot stumps, granade rocks and go out of bounds. there is nothing, you and a lander looking thing and lots of rocks and stumps.I'm not into the top down view thing, you can only aim and shoot left and right, not even up/down.I'll try again, but right now it's not looking like much more than a test map to move around in.EDIT 01: After restarting it, I can point the gun 360 degrees, still nothing to shoot but rocks and stumps.EDIT 02: I really like the staging area/facility muliplayer starts out in, but then it goes into the top down game play. while the guns can't do much to the dinos, it's fun! changed to reommend since it's only single player that is an empty map."
,Recommended,407840,22858638,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Inting Simulator,"Not worth it to buy now, but i'll buy it just for Founder access. I'm sure that this game will rock.DO IT!"
,Recommended,407840,23515335,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bruudwin,"i can't justify positively promoting their $0.99 to ->$25 with this review, maybe if they had minecrafted it up with each gradual serious update increase the price of the game from $0.99 so people can warn friends to potentially get a nice investment before its too late.The way this game is headed, reminds me of the vast beautiful potential that is that abomination called FireFall.  Expect the best, prepare for the worst. I'm already prepared, and my expectations are low :(   why? this game has gone through some various itterations exactly like FireFall did. 'oh boy lets completely change this layout that seems mostly perfectly fine instead of the next step changes we had laid out beforehand for the community'have you seen the trailer video? that is what you get in game... until they decide to change their minds again.this is a massive overhaul upgrade from their previous game.   the FPS and 3rd POV could use a lot more work.  Also in top down mode it is very hard to shoot flying things.PROS-Very beautiful game, so you will definitely need to change the graphics when you first start it. its default for all settings on ultra high-lots of classes 'Guardians' to choose from.-the menu is very xbox \ halo oriented so a buncha casual\console gamers would be able to look around the layout well.- very nice multiplayer hub areaCONS-fps, 3rd pov, top down need some work done.  fps and 3rd pov are extremely clunky FPS more so in comparison to their first game.would be nice to toggle between two POVS instead of all 3.  i honestly don't like the 3rd pov so if i could i would toggle that out so i could just switch between Top Down <-> FPS instead ofTop Down -> 3rd Pov -> FPS -> Top Downsomeone suggested a better feature that somehow eluded my mind.  a seperate button per view mode.  ATM its only F1 to toggle between all 3 of them.  so F2 F3 could be the other view modes.very nice multiplayer hub area THAT IS EXTREMELY HUGE AND YOU ARE FORCED TO WALK EVERYWHERE IN AN (as of this writing) UNNECESSARILY HUGE MOON BASEDon't ever use the 'sniper's' rifle if you get this game. it's been wonky for a while now with no fixes  in sight, it hasn't changed since way before this massive $0.99->$25 update"
76561198135277716,Recommended,407840,23681414,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Normandys_Revenge,"I played the previous game and i personally think it is a big improvement to the game and the character system. The only real problem that I have with the game so far is i miss the huge maps with big vehicles and the little vehicles, i think the current maps are a bit small, i just hope they add in a mode with bigger maps and vehicles like in prelude."
76561198065800029,Recommended,407840,23711149,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,[Nr5]Sdt.Matrooper,"Best Game Evver, large, free and cool!"
,Recommended,407840,19990141,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,-ah- Hamurai,Actually enjoyed it more than I expected.Nice top-down stick shooter.
,Recommended,407840,23652176,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Stikarz,> Me and my friend bought Orion Prelude> why.jpeg> My friend and I played for about 5 months and found this game on sale for $0.40> Game seems like it's gonna be like the last one> It's notThis game is Mortal Kombat X on Steriods with freaking V-TOLS. (don't forget the dinos)
76561198200012653,Recommended,407840,23696332,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Promo Code:BSJ,best game ever
,Recommended,407840,23737923,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Real,"Stellar game for the price. A ton of content, and a development team that listens. I was playing a game by myself when the lead developer jumped in, gave me tips, told me about upcoming content, and more.  I'm excited for the upcoming 40 Man PvP modes and content."
,Recommended,407840,23839561,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AllHex Nunes,very good
76561198047560847,Recommended,407840,24131819,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mortins Shorts,"God didn't rest on the 7th day, he whipped up this mother of badassery out of all the particles of every game ever to exsist,when the planets finally aligned like they did that day, Orion was released onto the steam shop.6.5/10 could use more rain fx"
76561198162409962,Not Recommended,407840,24990873,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,140Ping,bought this game for 1/2 a dollar.tried it once and have decided i would rather buy a drink than buy this game.HUGE mistake.waste of money.developers take money n make the game f2p
,Recommended,407840,22986462,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kimares,"To everyone thinks this game is bad, game is inEarly Access. I'm hoping to see the game after finished."
76561198180512433,Recommended,407840,27257985,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paradox0076,WHAT? ITS NOT FIRST PERSON???
76561198013359889,Not Recommended,407840,27362640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Laraso,Giant heaping pile of trash that isn't even worth $1
76561198074815904,Recommended,407840,23412591,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,FireFall,The Orion Project is worth 99 cents.  It is worth more than 99 cents.  You should buy it.
76561198140339130,Recommended,407840,23614694,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Unknown,grat game but i want them to add an option to go in first person cus i miss it
,Recommended,407840,22777534,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Mr. Lightbulb,best dollar i've ever spent.
76561198062441762,Recommended,407840,22778674,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ThatWhiteBoyDownTheStreet,Very impressed so far ! Will be updating soon!
76561198032139057,Recommended,407840,23043211,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,csoky,"Looks very promising, and the developers are inspiring too!"
,Recommended,407840,23405541,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,LeafRebel,If youre wondering if you should buy this game answer these questions:1. Do you have a dollar?2.Do want to buy this game?3.Do you like fun games?4.Do you like dinosoars and robots?5.Why are you still answering these?6. If youre human then why dont you already own this game?
,Recommended,407840,22777892,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,AlphaMax,"Good Game , but is buggy at this stage (it's early access so bugs are normal )"
,Recommended,407840,23830903,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AlexSFeather,"Its a small game that went through a lot to become a game it is right now.I have been ignoring this game for a long time and i regret it... i really do.This game might have a lot of bugs or glitches or even server issues but it has a huge potential.Developers of this game are trying hard to create their own little universe in wich we players can do whatever we want.Right now it might be just a common shooter with simple gamemodes but im sure that in a future this game is gonna become something more than that.If you want to support developers then do it, if you dont want to do it then don't its your own choice and nobody is gonna blame you for this. I dont think theres anything else to say. So good luck and have a good day.Im not that good with reviews, so sorry for my English and my ""bad"" review."
,Recommended,407840,22999402,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,yolofm™,"NOTE: This is my main, and I first owned this on my alt. I have ~120 hours on there. So I do know the game.I really wasn't gonna review this game.I didn't think my voice would matter, that you would all realize this game is amazing and the devs behind it are some of the most supportive, amazing people I've had the pleasure of buying a game from on Steam.I didn't realize that this review could be the reason some of you drop the .99$ (.99$! Seriously if you don't own this you're not the brightest.)But I'll show my support for this great development team.PROS:-Price Tag -- Seriously, you don't have an excuse to NOT own this game. It's 99 cents. Sell a CSGO skin and you're good to go.-Content -- This game is FULL to the brim with content. I have never been bored while playing it. It's a fun game to pick up and play for 10 minutes, or to dive into with friends (or without, the community is great) for hours on end.-Visuals -- Up to snuff with AAA games. Well done.-Gameplay -- Solid as a rock. Nothing to complain about here.Neutral:-Story -- There really isn't one. But who needs a story when you can shoot the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta dinos and have fun?Cons:-You don't own this game yetOverall: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,407840,23738049,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,AtomicAquarius,"At the moment there is not much for me to say other than how much I love this game right now! As I play more, I'll edit my review. I just want to show my support to Trek Industries in some way because they are doing some amazing work! It gets even better when you've done research on the project and the ideas that they have for this game!Just a heads up. There are some connection issues but I was able to get online after about 1 minute of trying. It may vary for others though. So if you have problems with that, then wait until they iron them out.UPDATE: The game has improved since I last ""reviewed"" it. It seems like the connection problems have been ironned out. I still have a semi-low framerate (then again I don't have a top notch computer). I love this game though! It has recently had a huge update (about 5.5GB). I believe they have added in the space dog-fighting now. I haven't had a chance to try it out yet but I certainly will. I also noticed they updated the price model and moved it out of early access. It went from $1 to $25. While I think this might hurt in terms of people who are unsure if they will like this game, on the other hand, there is a lot of content and a lot of fun to be had imo, if you give it a fair chance. And remember you can always get a steam refund if you find you don't like the game.I'm planning on doing an extremely detailed review of the game withing a few months."
76561197965928602,Not Recommended,407840,24088187,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,HecklerSpirit,"Not the worst game I've ever played. I spent most of my time with it a bit bored, but if I was playing with a group of friends it  could make for a good time.Being able to play in three different camera modes was a pretty good idea, and the game felt just fine. It played smooth and it wasn't riddled with bugs. However, I don't see there being much more potential with this game.I already played it once before under another name from the same developer and I bet they are just going to switch over to another game and leave all the early access supporters here in the dust. So all of these planned features, you can probably just forget about.So, hey if you're looking for a quick easy few afternoons with friends - DO IT.But I don't think this is going to be anything more than that."
76561198153843916,Recommended,407840,19431067,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,EG.PeLiR,"if you like dinosaur, buy this game! worth it!+variety dinosaur+maybe for future update must have so much class+for future update : - can take material from dino- can craft wep, armor or etc from dino material+epic graphic fo this game like thisif you like DOTA,HALO, and MONSTER HUNTING (GENRE) MUST PLAY THIS.HAVE SO MUCH POTENTIAL!and this game have some bugs, but worth it to buy!-----KEEP UPDATE DEVELOPER :D-----10/10.. Reccomended game! MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,407840,21149886,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,LoneWolfNick,"I would love seeing this game get into it's final end goal, but it is sadly an end, I've already seen a lot about it, the story, the teasers, even though I've seen that after I baught the game, I did like the original idea,The Orion Project, but this will do as well, not to mention I do expect more games like this, just like it's prequel, Orion: Dino Beatdown/Orion: Dino Hord/Orion: Prelude, but one game at a time, and to be honest it feels weird, having hell of a lot of fun in a game that isn't even finished yet"
,Recommended,407840,21144888,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Nipplestroke,"This is one of the games I definitely love to play for hours but something is up with the system requirements. My pc is definitely in the minimum requirement, but is that how bad the minimum requirement looks? Everything looks really bad on Low settings. I know how its supposed to look really beautiful with proper pc build, but good god if you have a pc that falls into the minimum requirement of this game, you should probably reconsider.All in all, I love this game, I would love it even more if the minimum requirement actually represents the reality of running this game on such system, because at this point its almost like a false hope. I know its an early access game, but I think this is something that the devs might probably want to work on; with the minimum requirement all I got is 20 Fps and everything is nothing but blurs.And before someone goes, ""Hey man its just your potato that sucks balls, throw it into the sea and go get a good one"", Hey guys, I bought this game because the minimum requirement says that I would be able to run this game just fine, when the reality is the other way around. All Im asking at this point is maybe there would be a fix to this, or at least change up the Minimum requirement thats laid out on here.Aight guys, and devs working at Trek Industries and Spiral Game, this is an awesome game, and I just want this game to be a whole lot awesomer. Thanks!"
,Recommended,407840,21880538,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Sanity,I ran through some guys at the hub and picked up their level 600 item they were trading and ran away.10/10 would drive by in the hood again
,Recommended,407840,23862234,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SadGuy,Superb value for money
,Recommended,407840,23968483,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RelentlessFire95,"Eh. Not my favorite game. Prelude was pretty good for half a dollar. This is ALOT of conent for $1, or even free if thats when you get it. It just seems too complicated and rough around the edges to make any sense. It's early-access though so I advise picking it up. No microtransactions."
,Recommended,407840,23965931,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,★< Jumgo >★,No Zombies just Dinos^^
,Recommended,407840,23967040,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,☁ Yung Afro ☁,"ORION was good for $10. Then it was great for $1. But now, it's AMAZING for 50 cents!"
76561198061979673,Recommended,407840,23979114,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Crispy Toast!,I like the game its good 10/10
,Not Recommended,407840,24122900,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,EV | Topsaber,"Every 5 seconds or so, the game would freeze for about 3 seconds even with every setting on the lowest it could possibly be. If they fix that problem, then this game actually seems fun and enjoyable. But until then its quite literally unplayable."
,Recommended,407840,22887977,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Small Anime Girl,"""Look at me go!"""
,Not Recommended,407840,28019782,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kiisama,The game is and have been pretty barebones for a long time.
,Not Recommended,407840,28188030,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,usernames are gay,"Its basically a really sloppy Halo/Destiny wannabe, but you shoot Dinosaurs. The voice acting and controls are terrible as are the controls sloppy."
76561198097064524,Recommended,407840,23279686,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,RavendarK,The Orion Project is a very fun game that is definitely worth its price. =)
76561198146595084,Not Recommended,407840,26699599,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ike,this game could have been way better but they kinda just gave up
,Not Recommended,407840,27494160,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gabky,"had decent fun, not worth tho."
,Recommended,407840,33421317,Posted: 9 July,all,Edwin,"If you like leveling up, placing pointins into a skill tree, customizing your hero, grinding and have 3 different perspectives ot view while playing this game than this is a keeper.   It's hold me over until Destiny 2 and Fortnite comes out."
,Recommended,407840,25107060,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,twitch.tv/boksquare2 unikrn.com,"Cheap, good content, constantly being improved, low storage space requirements, runs at High graphic settings even on the most decent systems. 10/10 would spend that $0.99 again."
76561198072589025,Not Recommended,407840,33613113,Posted: 17 July,all,Pickle Rick,"I loved Orion: prelude so I thought I would enjoy Guardians of Orion as well... I was terribly wrong. the background story is not at all interesting, the game is extremely glitchy and never once did I see a point in continuing to play."
,Recommended,407840,25610011,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Bababua,IT PROMISES TO BE A GREAT GAME
76561198142468986,Recommended,407840,22987815,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,dale gribble,best game ever!!
,Recommended,407840,23037332,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,gavin1337,I'd buy that for a dollar!
,Recommended,407840,23091161,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Luggy,"Alright so it has good music, actually i love it, the boss music is a little intense but the gameplay is a little boring, but just crank up the diffuculty and the music and your fine."
76561198118557789,Not Recommended,407840,28010962,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gaster (NZ),this game is horribleafter i install this game i get this thing that said install microsoft visual C++ 2015 and i done install itthis happened again and the thing said the same thing but i already install iti click it and it said uninstallim just like .............this is nonsense and i uninstall itafter that it said install (the same thing) and i install it againfix this game before i take my money back
76561198325178654,Not Recommended,407840,33075969,Posted: 1 July,all,TheDeepVoice,"Im pretty dissapointed.I love orion prelude, that game is the best time waster for me. I play survival on easy, and quicksope, and do flickshots and trickshots with snipers and the bow.But i expected Guardians of Orion to be a graphically enhanced version of prelude, But its not. Its super hard! ( Not saying because i play on easy level on prelude, i play hardest difficulty too.) all the modes are the same. Protect the dumb harvester. I dont want too! I just wanna show some sick looking Dinos whos boss! The game is pretty. But its hard to run max settings. My gtx 1070 only gets around 60 fps 1080p, sometimes 100 depending on the map.all in all, if you wanted this game to be prelude, its not, now thats a fun game!"
,Recommended,407840,23783393,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Employee of the Month,in orion dinosaur fighter 2 you still fight dinosaurs but this time with an over the shoulder 3rd person or even an isometric view if you're into that sort of thing. very cool game.
76561198063121518,Recommended,407840,33717144,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"Whenever I tell friends about this game I tell them ""imagine a crappy B movie like at a drive in, but as a game"" the less time you spend thinking about it the more time you'll spend enjoying blowing some dinosaurs away. That's all this game is. it's not GOOD in the conventional sense, but it is kind of silly and it's an easy to follow multiplayer shooter."
,Recommended,407840,27351774,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gibs,the enemies are dinosaurs and robots..where are the robot-dinosaurs?
76561198106396044,Recommended,407840,28211185,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Agentflash18462,"This game is pretty good for a $1 game, but sadly the devs need money so please support these devs let this game get to it's full potential!"
,Recommended,407840,27121626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Synn Malice,Kill Dinos!What more can I say?
,Recommended,407840,27138977,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Protocol-117,"Fun game. Still needs a lot of work though, could use the support."
,Recommended,407840,28179391,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TheSol,"Of course, ORION: Prelude is much better and more interesting to play. It's basically a shooter.But look at ORION Project, now called Guardians of Orion:- It costs damn $1. Yeah, it was 10x more expensive some time ago, but I've bought it with 90% discount;- It's still a nice shooter. Not as dynamic as Prelude but has its own features;- Levelling up never felt so cool. I mean, items and loadouts are awesome;- Unreal Engine 4 is a great game engine. Though requires a nice PC, it's so-o-o beautiful;- Developers seem to keep the game growing. I wonder if we'll see the actual exploration soon!- Some of the soundtracks are awesome too.What do I want to see in the game:- Everything developers promised us - there's a lot of stuff;- More customization: custom loadouts, weapon modifications and attachments;- More dinosaurs, there're obviously not enough.Summary: great game for its low price. Can't wait for all the promised stuff! ;)7 ""Look at me go""/10"
,Not Recommended,407840,32865784,Posted: 27 June,all,Ass Monkey,Absolute dog S H I T. Issa failed meme
76561198169086114,Recommended,407840,28493545,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,JackasaurusRex,great game has good graphics gets super hard 8/10
,Recommended,407840,23628699,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Arsonist,"""My Orion Project Reveiw""Pros:-Amazing Graphics-Devs Add Lots Of Content-Its 99 Cents-Different Classes (Feels Like Destiny Classes Though)-Character Customization-Great Combat-Huge Maps (More Will Be Added)-No Hackers (So Far)-Not Too Buggy (For Early Access)Cons-Bad Optimization (Not Terrible)-Cosmetic Gear Can Cost Real Money Due To Currency Needed Is Hard To Farm-Not Many Servers Just YetOverall:This Game Is A Great Game But It Does Have A Long Way To Go Yet It Is Currently Early Access, Deffenitly Worth Picking Up And Trying For Only 99 Cents."
,Recommended,407840,33026317,Posted: 30 June,all,CoxyNate,This is a very good GAME! 50p stole my life. It is not very optimized but it is still GOOD!
76561198158661762,Not Recommended,407840,30069129,Posted: 20 February,all,laurean4ever,Shady practices simulator.Bad developer attitude simulator.False advertising simulator.
,Recommended,407840,23049622,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kia Swenson,"Guardians of OrionGoO is the sequel to Orion: Prelude.Its basicly about killing dinosaurs.SOUNDThe game has pretty good sounds.Almost like O:P.GAMEPLAYThe game is very boring in compairson to O:P.In this game you cant buy new weapons. You just start with some weapons.You can choose different classes. But its not fun when you cant change classes.TOASTER?No. This game cant run on a toaster. You need a good pc for this game.GRAPHICSThe game uses unreal engine 4. So the graphics are of course very good.Its realistic and has many colors. You can view it in: 3rd person, 1st person, and from the top.Its fun changing views.CONCLUSIONThe game is fun. Has great graphics. And its fun to play with friends.So i rate it 8/10. Buy on sale :)"
76561198229219700,Recommended,407840,23600897,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PreFormedFlea40,this game is awesome ! I hope you are going to continue to work on it !!
,Not Recommended,407840,29139266,Posted: 9 January,all,Engee,50 cents
76561198101656391,Recommended,407840,23509401,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,kpf,"I cannot wait for you guys to make the haters and critics of the game drop their jaws again when the game is released, just like before"
,Recommended,407840,29921811,Posted: 14 February,all,Spartan Memer,It is totally worth the dollarIt has some stuff to do and is fun to make your character.I wouldnt recommened buying anything besides starter cause you can  pretty much get everything from packs in-gameAND they have been known to wipe stuff without warning and give nothing back.Overall I would rate it a 7/10Decent but not good.EDIT:Its much better now with the 2.05v update.People say the owner sucks but from what I have seen he is pretty nice!You can customize your character use flame-throwers kill dinos ECTIf you simply wanna kill dinos then go for Orion Prelude cause its from the same devs so you will still be supporting them.
,Recommended,407840,22155584,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Pigeons555,I think it's illegal for a game this good to cost $10$10/$10 would bail myself out of jail again
,Recommended,407840,22590730,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SpaghettiMaster,This game is a blast.
76561198008323188,Recommended,407840,23979954,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pickle Sid #ESM,10/10 would bring pizza while kiting a t-rex again.
76561198042678414,Not Recommended,407840,24130390,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,LiteyBot,"This game gets more and more delicate with each passing moon cycle, it is like fine parchment or the rose petals I use to wipe my♥♥♥♥♥♥Game no longer launches, development team was called out for stealing content, they released a $100 USD DLC for nothing but milking extra money, lead developer literally wrote a post saying he doesn't think it is worth it anymore (due to him being called out for stealing) and did I mention the game does not launch anymore????For the above reasons I will not recomend this game to anyone, even if the game is only $1 USD."
76561198131001261,Not Recommended,407840,33122310,Posted: 2 July,all,Ha ha I'm unicorn from Poland,Game is a lie.
,Recommended,407840,28088979,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tajaloe,"More content than a professional game for $1.Y'all haters can hate but no man's Sky is still out there selling for heaps with less content and this thing is here selling for a dollar with more content yet no man's Sky still has better reviews.The internet hive Mind has brought this game to its knees. Give it a big chance, this game is going somewhere great, you'll see."
,Not Recommended,407840,28166577,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shiny_Smile,"I enjoyed this game when it first came out. For 1$ you got a simple wave-based survival game that had randomized loot with some cool stuff. I'm a simple guy, I love random loot. Now this is where the issue comes in. These guys don't seem to get that people don't want to be reset, and really only seem to care about the money at this point. I barely played much because within a few hours of playing and coming back after I was reset for no good reason. This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that won't get much content later on judging from the releases from the day I've had it (over a year). It will probably be shut down eventually, either from losing funding or because they just can't seem to make original content to save their lives (ie. the weapons that were proven stolen from activision as well as the unoriginal and ""homages"" to other games with their helmets.) and it just doesn't seem like this game is going to get anywhere. Not recommended and never will be."
,Not Recommended,407840,28186825,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Coltigore,"This is my review of ""Guardians of Orion"" formerly known as ""ORION"".Now, I purchased this game for me and a few of my friends. We were all looking for a new MMO to play. We saw this, and felt very exited. So. To start, all of my friends had EXTREME issues running the game. I was unable to experience this so I can not give my two cents on this. I have a GTX 950 which runs this game fine on ultra settings. (as of December 4th 2016 {the writing date of this review}). My friends also have decent computers, yet faced single-digit framerates even with the lowest settings with even an 8-bit resolution.(yes, we tried). if you want to hear the proof from them, message the steam accounts:Pup_LeaderTytha01Message me for direct links.Now, with the poor optimization out of the way, the gameplay. It lies.THIS IS NO MMO.It is a game where a group of four defend a cart on a generic map from poorly coded AI.All of the maps feel the same and there is one ""social area"" which is a ship that is far too big and ehre the missions are all in one small room in a massive maze of a ship.THAT'S THE ENTIRE GAME.Anyway, please don't purchase this game, there was a dmca from Activision over stolen assets from Black Ops 3. There's also some stuff about the devs being shady but i won't get into it here, you can look it up yourself."
76561197983660324,Not Recommended,407840,28541089,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,KennyR,Currently it doesnt even launch. Instant 0/10 and two thumbs down.
,Not Recommended,407840,28013520,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hydra,"Trick me Once, shame on you.Trick me Twice, shame On you.Trick me three times, and I'm done."
,Not Recommended,407840,28336175,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Divineblonde,"The game is extremely boring and glitchy, its horribly optomized and takes 5 minutes to load and once your loaded into the game it's extremely laggy.Glitches left and right cause you to get stuck on things as well as the harvester making the level impossible to complete.  Not much care was put into this game at all and the asking price is extremely expensive.  This should be a free to play early access game."
76561198126911280,Recommended,407840,21018599,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,xxXFurry_Hentai_HeroXxx,This game really is the best $2 spent on a multiplayer game out there.
,Recommended,407840,21696940,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Legion,"A lesson on how to make a early access. GOO makes his older brotherOrion:Preludeboth proud and outdated.It shuffles the already great formula Prelude had for a coop game mixing it with great RPG-like additions such as crafting and gear, and a more strategic/less ""cheap-friendly"" gameplay brougth by the new bird's view camera and the pulished mechanics.The level up sistem got a total reboot and, at it is now even with is numerous flaws, is a total step forward.Guardians of Orion is one hell of a promise and must be followed with a much deserved expectation. TREK did a great job on a 1 dolar basis. Now they aim a little higher. Give this game a chance, play it with friends, and don't throw it away on the first flaw you encounter. It is greater than what it seems at first glance.PROSGreat cooperative gameplay, fun and challengingEnjoyable experience even around 250ms (i'm from Argentina)Good leveling up system and to-be-deeper customization, crafting and stat systemNeat visuals and graphic performance. Way more solid and stable than on PreludeCONSServers' availability (US east and US west only at the moment of review)Navigation on menus could be greatly improved, in particular those meant to be integrated with Steam.The menus themself could use a nice upgradeMuch less graphic options than in Prelude, meaning less flexibilityI feel putting EARLY ACCESS issues on the ""CONS"" of the game, would be unfair for the dev team, as they are aware of many of the faults of their game and they are addressing them now thanks to the activity on official forums and continous community feedback.Early Access flaws include:Minor rendering bugsMinor occasional framerate dropsGlitched and unstable start up (may take a try or two to get the game running)Minor sync problems when creating lobbysPerk, stats, gear upgrades not working properly in some cases"
76561198156620920,Recommended,407840,22876918,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,PAL3Tigerrr,IM BUYING THIS GAME  FOR MY FRIENDS  SO THAY CAN  ENJOY THE GAME AS MUCH AS I DO
,Recommended,407840,23818572,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr.Blueberry,"For only 0,99€ and in summer sale 0,49€ is it a must buy! It makes much fun."
,Recommended,407840,23872417,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,cap,1.3 hours in and its defo worth 39p at half price :P yes its crashed a couple of times but it works and is fun with friends id still buy it at full price i mean why not its under £1 great bargain :)
76561198131803350,Not Recommended,407840,25063571,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Un-Touchable King,"Oringally the game was very fun, and was bearable to play, now the lag is so bad you can hardly play. You lose your items, also trying to find a game and have a good team to play with is rare. I don't reccomnend the game, because of all the issues."
,Not Recommended,407840,25378167,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DannyFinest,Man i would REALLY LOVE THIS GAME. If i didnt get dced everytime i tried playing online with my friends. The servers are hosted on potatoes or something. Its not my internet nor my friends. Just this game has decent graphics i hate the part with robots or what ever they are. better for just dinos. BUT main factor i hate about this game is the servers are ♥♥♥♥. This game should be ftp even tho i bought for $2 :P
,Recommended,407840,31170108,Posted: 15 April,all,2 lewd,"TL;DRits fun game for about 10 hours, then it becomes a multitasking game to play while watching/doing somethingpioneer/elite eddition up to you exclusive cosmetic and pet. not worth imoFun game, its fun when playing with other people or friends. If you play solo it will get old. after 45 and a half hours of playing i still come back to it, its a game you play cuasualy as you watch/do somthing. i would say its worth 99cent, i got it when it was still in early access so i got elite edditon for free so i dont really think thats worth it."
76561198152366788,Not Recommended,407840,31305926,Posted: 22 April,all,Duelblade,"Really tried to enjoy this game. Despite the negative reviews, I still bough the game and, was gravely disappointed. The mouse has lag with yhe camera, and every time you look around the camera looks laggy.  It's impossible to play unless you're in third person, and the mouse sensitivity is impossible to use. Yes there is an options menu that can ""fix"" that but it does nothing. 0/10 would not play again. I got it for a dollar's but I still feel like that's too much. Do not buy this game."
76561198251917208,Recommended,407840,23852257,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DeadMeme,the cost of this game is cheaper than happy meal.
76561198096012965,Recommended,407840,24064777,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ash Ketchum,"A good game although it did not have the orion prelude feel I wanted it to have.  I havent played much but its still ok.  People who hate on this game... just dont for 2 reasons.  One its in early access, two there are not many bad things about it.I hope my review was helpful in the sense to people who thought it was gonna have the feel of orion prelude or that its worth 1 dollar which it is even though I played 30 mins.-Snake"
,Recommended,407840,22702898,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,³urovic,"Great, totally worth 0,99e."
76561198160853865,Not Recommended,407840,30304921,Posted: 3 March,all,rbeideman,"I would have rather recieved spam phone calls for an hour compared to playing this game.Read what the others have said. Devs pushed it into a ""finished"" product just to try to grab some money. Meanwhile, they zero out everyone's character without warning and instead wanting them to pay to get gear and stuff."
,Not Recommended,407840,31047333,Posted: 9 April,all,Panda,can't get in the game :(
,Recommended,407840,22645456,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Yabes Tannaya,"YEAY, LOOK WHO'S BACK, BABYY"
76561198116551454,Recommended,407840,22658873,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zoxz,"MAIN REVIEW:This game is a great top down shooter with dinosaurs which builds off its older brother Orion Prelude. It has guardians which you pick from to play with and its easily playable offline and an additional online.The game is good at this stage and is getting a brighter future ahead as the devs explain.I definitely recommend for anybody for either full price or on sale.BELOW SOME CONFESSIONS AND THINGS TO KEEPS FOR THE DEVS!Now I plan to play more of this game but hear me out Devs!!!!!!So......PLEASE FIX/REMOVE ONLINE PLAY! Alrighty it works don't worry its fine. I mean for Australian servers so.THANK YOU!PLEASE FIX UI ELEMENT! The controller buttons appearing everywhere should be a option that can be turned off.PLEASE FIX UI ELEMENT FOR OFFLINE. The reliance on local play is too big offline, make the game settings bigger.PLEASE CREATE MORE DIVERSE MAPS? Maybe more ruins or a city or more hills and less flat land like Orion Prelude???PLEASE REVAMP THE ART FOR THE GUARDIANS! Make them the same art and not from previous game.THANK YOU!TRY TO PLEASE ADD IN FIRST PERSON! I know, I know but make it an option.NEVERMIND!MAKE MORE GAMEMODES FAST! Somethings need another twist. I don't know, maybe a campaign?SOME COLLISIONS BETWEEN HARVESTER AND DINOSAURS! Really ruins the game when you see a dinosaur go through the harvester when your trying to repair it.PLEASE KEEP THE BROKEN ELEMENTS WHEN YOUR DAMAGED. Cracked screen, keep.Yeah, MORE VARIETY IN GAMEPLAY. As cheesy as this sounds, it needs more. Offline I couldn't find more than 2 gamemodes and thats it. I can guess it gets boring after a while but its ok with Survival and Harvester.REMOVE THE LOW GRAPHICS. They look terrible and have no need to be here. Meduim should be low and so on. When comapring all of them the only that stands out is low and the others only have texture differences and a frame rate difference.Otherwise I will add in found bugs and other things I am think down the game :)"
,Recommended,407840,23837759,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,madman862,Already better than that COD Infinite Warfare
,Recommended,407840,23776023,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fazure,"Decided to sell some of my Steam trading cards.Browsed the shop a bit...Saw this game.Best money I never spent.Note: The game isn't very well optimized, but the graphics are doable at lowest. Hopefully in the future as the game goes on and development proceeds we will start to see better performance fixes."
,Recommended,407840,21494129,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,d4kocan,"Great game, only 1 bucks thats worth it :3"
,Recommended,407840,22199775,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,the king G,I bought the early access for 1$ and now this game have so much content than the early accessGJ
76561198055473724,Recommended,407840,22695939,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Tankslayer_TFX,good
76561198115139554,Not Recommended,407840,29251935,Posted: 14 January,all,AngelWithASniper,"wow  19pounds alot, luckily i got it for 79p"
,Recommended,407840,24007136,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sheb,Very Good Game
,Not Recommended,407840,24196452,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,..:FFD:.. Knux.,WTH man i got a Microsoft Visual C++ runtime when i install my orion has stop when i open orion again that want me to uninstall ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198046647861,Not Recommended,407840,24207738,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,El Marquez,"""Look at me go!""10/7 would go again..."
,Not Recommended,407840,24338519,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Anvil,"I was a huge fan of ORION: Dino Horde and gave it a very positive review.... This game however, I cannot recommend investing your time in. A huge step backwards."
76561198039731449,Not Recommended,407840,24194900,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,me and me,"""In 2012 we released one of the worst games of all time and almost everyone hated it. But instead of ditching it we supported it. For three years! After 60+ game updates, over 18,000 Steam User Reviews, going from a 35% to a 75% rating and more than 1 million copies sold, we are here to show you that Games can't fail - only Developers can.We never set out to make the best game ever, the most technically impressive, or to have top of the line graphics. We wanted to make the most fun game possible that brought in retro-inspired elements from the games that we grew up on and marrying them with more modern mechanics. It was important to us that we make an incredible game for groups of friends to play together and in that regard, we couldn't be more proud!We are celebrating this achievement by launching a week-long Steam Free-2-Play Event starting May 4th, 2015. This allows all 125+ Million Steam Users to play the entire game for free during this period. When they love what they see they can own the game for only $1.Please support developers who support their fans!"""
,Not Recommended,407840,24207117,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,zero,"worst optimisation ever with some of the most senseless gameplay,10/10 dino smackdown 2k16"
76561198156947756,Not Recommended,407840,24243730,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,8600jayden,The lowest graphical settings werent enough I guess cause I was still running at 1 fps if you have a lower end pc don't buy this no matter how it may look to you this will not run on low end pcs the lowest quality is not low at all.
76561198041901515,Recommended,407840,24253800,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,JonSwagSnow,"Fun Early Access Game that is only 49 cents right now! Is it amazing? No. Is it fun? Yes. Is it grindy? Yes. But you cannot beat the price. It will be F2P around August 26th as well. I recommend it. If you buy it before then, you get some cool armor and skins, so it doesn't make you have an advantage over others."
,Not Recommended,407840,21539114,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,wir sterben,"I sort of enjoyed the previous game, Orion: Prelude, so I hoped that this would be better than the last one. The trailer certainly looked nice, but when the game is launched, it totally seizes up. Apparently, it recognizes my craptop as a high-end computer, as the visual settings were automatically on super high. Even when I set them to low, the game had constant skips in it. The audio was constantly bugging; even selecting things in the menus was glitchy. The last game was like this too, but I guess development has been abandoned on that. I couldn't even get to play the main game, but walking around was okay. It's sort of like a MOBA or something. I readied up and the game crashed. Fix the bugs and we'll be good. But for now, I'm not too fond of it."
,Recommended,407840,24037899,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,spacearchaeology,"A great early access game and very playable/engaging. Shooting dinosaurs in the face with a shotgun is as fun as it sounds.It's easily worth the $0,49 cents paid for it - and I gather that it's going free to play soon anyway. The developer seems active and communicative with players, and the content in the pipeline is pretty exciting.Recommended. Looking forward to future developments."
,Not Recommended,407840,24240819,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AbsolofDarkness,*Buys Game**Gets Founder Status**Loses Founder Status**Still hasn't gotten it back yet*
76561198001398831,Not Recommended,407840,24305685,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The Amish Slayer,Guys The first Orion (Orion Prelude) was awesome but this new one adds stuff thats good but in its current state i dont recommend it theres no shop like there was before where u could buy weapons so much is gone
,Not Recommended,407840,24333008,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Atomic,-Bad FPS even on a decent gaming pc-Poor Optimization-Voice Acting is atrocious-Animation is poor-Multiplayer is Dead-Trek Industries steals assets from other Developers and cries that it's being bullied by other companysOverall: Don't buy this game it's a broken unoptimized mess most of the stuff they say in the trailer is absolute BS. Atleast for now don't buy it
76561198041484059,Recommended,407840,28589962,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Arthur,"Pretty fun game i guess... I think i prefer the gameplay of Orion: Prelude, but this is still pretty good... I came in hoping for a much imrpoved version of Orion Prelude, but i feel a little more limited in some ways. For 1 the jetpack and overall movement in the game feels crippled compaired to Prelude. Enough complaining, now for the good.. It was cheap when i bought it. I love all the new features it has, and it has more promising ones to come. As the game sits, the game is fun, and the graphics arent to bad. It appears they do need funding though... lets it keeps floating and the devs have ways to improve players drive to give them money, without compromising trust, and integrity."
,Recommended,407840,24246887,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The forest whispers my name,"Nice looking, hope the devs gets the support that he needs to finish his project. Don´t rush, best wishes!"
76561198034509995,Recommended,407840,24345731,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,17Pirate36,"I have already had lot of fun play Orion.   While this game is clearly in early access, it is one of the best early access games I have played.   They have lots of content in place and a massive amount planned and coming soon.   I  have yet to come across any game breaking bugs, which is leap and bounds above most triple 'A' titles I have play recently.   Bring on the Dinos!!!"
,Not Recommended,407840,24219626,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Vodka Salad,"It is stuck on an infinite loop saying ""you need to install...blah blah blah..."" I've installed what its asked and yet when I go to launch please install. It won't exit the cycle."
76561198089448887,Not Recommended,407840,24254130,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Giovane Balilla,worst game i ever seen.DONT BUY.
,Not Recommended,407840,24283295,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Renny,"I'am really really disapointed with this game since the first one ""Orion : Prelude"" is much more fun than this game, also my pc can run fallout 4 on ultra with steady 30fps when on this game it drops below 20 on ultra and low which doesn't make any sense....Further more the description doesn't match the game!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,407840,24238380,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,cougar,Tried 2 minutes of the game and i am already bored...
76561198159615845,Not Recommended,407840,24239520,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,xavermo,This moment when you have played a good game and the second part is♥♥♥♥♥♥:'D
,Not Recommended,407840,24261047,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Zaavant,"It's meh.Nothing like the store page at all. It's not an MMO, it's basically a dinosaur murder simulator."
,Not Recommended,407840,21005032,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Flatmush,"If there's anything in there other than a completely generic and unimaginative top-down shooter, then I've yet to see it. The first level requires you to fight waves of enemies which takes about 10 seconds, then wait 60 seconds for the next one."
76561198005105466,Not Recommended,407840,24214037,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,cedhed,"After learning how scummy this company is, and how poor the actual game is. I regret the whole purchase decision. I'll be requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,407840,24553115,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mebmc,okay game good gameplay but not populated at all low fps and nobody to play
,Not Recommended,407840,35014439,Posted: 16 September,all,JJ2handz Dodgy McSpanky,Tutorial simulator 2017. 10/10 would learn again.
,Not Recommended,407840,24243482,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,clone12TM,Game has limited content and the devs are less than honest.
,Not Recommended,407840,24518716,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,nullLF,"I could not find a first-person perspective. In-Game graphics is iso, Though I have maximum graphic details it does not really look nice."
,Recommended,407840,28224533,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,whopperz715,"Even though most people are really negative about the game, I still have hope. 2.0 should be coming out soon and i'm hoping for the best. As it stands right now, it's not the best game ever, but c'mon people, it's a dollar."
,Recommended,407840,24092730,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Axel Vendron,this game has so much potential. i cant wait to see what they do with it. it is a good game but i have frame rate issues. but other then that it is a good game and i recomend it to everyone! ^^
,Not Recommended,407840,24322953,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,$teamedRevenge,Terrible Framerate for a unreal engine game.Terrible optimization.Boring.Multiplayer is dead.Not my type of game.Super long startup time.
,Not Recommended,407840,24407237,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DX5373N,"Bought it over 2 weeks ago and have yet to be able to play it. I've tried every fix I could find online and no avail. It looked so fun too :/. Thank god I got it on sale.First issue was getting the screen to stop flashing constantly when it went into fullscreeen at 1080p. Once that was done I tried to create profiles to play, but everytime I tried it would crash and crash and CRASH.Maybe I should refund it."
,Not Recommended,407840,24233617,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LowkeyLoki,Dev is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Thought I could trust them. Don't support. Stay away.
,Not Recommended,407840,24233883,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DoFeedTheLlama,"Not so good of a game, gonna be f2p soon.Developer stole assets from other companies, lie/threaten legal action to the community to protect themselves, and get away by removing those content when caught, excuses attached."
,Not Recommended,407840,24561459,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,G_Guppy,"Just so people are aware, this game's name use to be Orion Dino Beat Down, and they changed the name and re released it multiple times as a new game just to keep people from seeing all of the negative feedback it was getting. This is the same game that utilizes stolen assets and the head of Trek Industries, formerly spiral game studios fired the real team working on it just before release without paying them. I'm writing this review now because they are attempting to get out of a DMCA and possible suit of their new game ""Orion"" where they are literally doing the same exact thing and trying to play the victim. I bought this game before even knowing all of this, and felt so dirty for doing so, and im hoping and urging people away from buying into this mistake and scum of a company."
76561198040457493,Not Recommended,407840,24254338,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sneaks,"Says I have to Install Microsoft Visual C + + thingy. Once I got the Setup installed, I was expecting for it to bring me to the actual installation, but it didn't. So I restarted the game and it just said the same thing, ""You do not have the following required components"". So I said okay, I clicked install but only to see an uninstall button.Help?"
76561198042068135,Recommended,407840,26235497,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Zath,I love this game for what it is so far. but what i don't get is why people comare this to prelude. that game had 5 years of update where as this one hasnt even been through a year. calm down. look at what the devs have planned. this game has amazing things waiting for it's future if supported well.
76561198056849944,Not Recommended,407840,21000933,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Thejackied,Take orion dino horde and put it in a top down perspective and that is this game.
,Not Recommended,407840,22048706,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bmikes,"At this time I cannot recommend this game to you. I'm excusing the bugs and frame rate because that is expected in Early Access and though they are there this is not what affected me most. The game has no life in it right now, it's very bare bones and the bones aren't much fun. The game feels empty, like it has no heart.  Basically all the mechanics need tuned, tweaked or tossed for something new. There are all kinds of game mechanics that could be cool but none of them feel...""Juicy."" I'd rather see what is in the game now tweaked and tuned instead of new content added.I have no problem with marketplace content being used but The new space station is actually an example scene pre built from an asset pack with a few pieces changed. It may be place holder but to me it's kind of lazy when it was not designed for this game. Take the pieces and block out one that is set up for this game.Try checking back later or pick the game up when its on sale. Maybe things will change.  It's a good concept and I hope to see it improve because it could be really fun. This is all my opinion and if things change so will this review."
,Not Recommended,407840,21187408,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,elduderado,This game has a lot to learn from others like Helldiver and Co.
76561198064251117,Recommended,407840,30932571,Posted: 3 April,all,Nobeljohn343,"DIONSAURS GUNS LIGHTSABRES !!! CHEAP GAME LOTS OF CONTENT DESERVES MORE LOVE ,,HONESTLY-2017"
76561197961744841,Not Recommended,407840,23975302,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CooLShadeZ,90% of the time you try to get into a game you dont...
76561198142176151,Recommended,407840,25729034,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Miroslaf Jones,"When a Sci-Fi lover gamer has a Dream, he think in this game.RPG, Sandbox, FPS, Cool graphics,Planets, Spaceships, Dinosaurs, PVP ,Solo mode, Tower defense, 3rd person, Friends, Community,2,5 d person, Races, Character customisation....And only 1$!!!! This is no Madness, This is ORION.         #Every man's sky"
,Recommended,407840,19536097,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hazmire,"The game is good.The visuals are great, and the enemies are interesting. The actual game mechanics are fun aswell.let me talk about the bad things, but rest assured the only bad things are cosmetic issues that I would like to be fixed:- I would like to see the UI/HUD vastly improved, at the moment it looks far too simplistic, with many items on screen having a simple slightly opaque border. this goes for the health bars, and the main menu. It all looks too plain.- I understand recycling sounds is easy to do, but I think we can all agree that the same annoying sound of the dinos chewing on the ship is infuriating. Please add differing noises and sounds for things e.g. footsteps, biting. Maybe even add a crunchy noise when you land after using your jetpackThe only technical issue I can fault is the lack of servers outside of the US. I live in Britain though, and have felt no lag so maybe the issue isn't that big. Though I'm sure people in Europe may at points wish for Europe servers."
,Not Recommended,407840,22855016,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DOOMJESUS,"this game is boring and pointless and no one could possibly stay interested in it more than a few minutes because there is nothing to it and the gameplay is awkward and repetitious and despite the fancy new unreal 4 engine, the graphics are lame. this game has been a pile of sh_it from the start and it has done nothing but get worse with time.from the numerous changes in the name of the game and the constantly fluctuating pricing and the bullsh_it elitist packages that they keep coming out with to suck more money from the idiots who believe this thing might still turn into a game one day, to the always shi_tty perfomance and uber grinding, it all makes for one of the shadiest of the shady game publishers on steam.DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE YOUR MONEY. because i can tell you one thing that is certainly for sure, if you doyou will never get any sort of satisfaction from this game, no matter how long you live.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[may 8 2016latest update wrecked the game.worst of all, now they say they're going to hold a popularity contest to ""elect community leaders"" a.k.a. ""hall monitors"" a.k.a. ""a vigilante police force"" who, they have stated, will be endowed with the ability to arbitrarily ""punish the other players"" who they do not like or for whatever other reasons they choose.well, i ain't voting for nobody. i did not buy this game only to be held hostage by some random kid.i paid my money to play this game and i am a grown man and nobody punishes me.well, dave pr'a_sshole, looks like you've beat me out of just a little bit more money but you'll never get another dime out of me.]"
,Not Recommended,407840,23667837,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jimbobslimbob,"This is currently extremely bare-bones, even for an EA game that costs a quid. It's more of a tech demo than an EA game at present. As such, even for the low-price it sells for, I cannot in good conscience give this game a thumbs up.It looks okay, but there is no game here at all. You select a map and spend 20 minutes protecting a harvester. You are then thrown back to the ""base"" and have to do it all over again for absolutely no reason.Do yourself a favour and wait for it to mature before purchasing, or else you may be very disappointed.Jimbo Rating: 4/10"
,Recommended,407840,31707837,Posted: 12 May,all,Lizardboi,>Dinosaurs>Pretty good>Gameplay>Pretty good>Price>Fockin Nice
69420911711173821,Not Recommended,407840,31069673,Posted: 10 April,all,AFKiller,This game is trash. Played it for 1 hour did not get it at all. So confusing. Don't buy this game
76561198104007978,Recommended,407840,19470298,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Cophed,"I cannot reccomend this game enough.Like many, I was put off by the top down view but once used to it, It works brilliantly,The 3 classes in game so far all have their strengths and weaknesses and nothing seems overpowered about them so far.Being able to change weapons isn't available yet but the devs have said that this will come in future updates.The Dinos and robots present a decent challenge,The Soundtrack is fricking awesome.The Devs are active in the discussions, and are asking players what content they want released nextJust go buy the damn thing."
76561198121978826,Not Recommended,407840,21042873,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Speghetti,Add 1st person...
,Not Recommended,407840,24391967,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,S-Class DaNewb™,Stolen content.
,Not Recommended,407840,24072960,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Llarry Llama,"While I enjoyed this game for a while with it having nice grapics, good gameplay, and exciting setting, what has happened recently has caused me not to recommend the game. THe whole copyright thing as well as the game going free to play has messed it all up because I payed for the game and now it will be free. What do I get for that? A in-game hat. Wow..."
,Recommended,407840,31573692,Posted: 5 May,all,oFr0stByte,good game good community
76561198277731284,Not Recommended,407840,33091824,Posted: 1 July,all,Hecking Sea Doggo,Man.... I loved the first game (Orion Prelude) and wanted to play this.....Bad ideaPro's-Dinos-Guns-Looks coolCons-According to jackerino there are none!All in all a truly awful game. Whatever you do...DON'T BUY IT PLEASE!THE DEVELOPERS (according to jackerino did not fair enough) GAVE UP ON IT AND SO DID I AFTER 20 MINS OF GAMEPLAY....
,Recommended,407840,25320549,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,odinoske,better then roblox
,Not Recommended,407840,25545627,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,N1MBL3,the recommended settings r wrong............ i get 10 fps
,Recommended,407840,21634866,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rotiart,"""m8, ill bash ur ♥♥♥♥in hed in""9.5/10-IGN"
,Not Recommended,407840,24122301,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,it3fergie,"I really wasted 50 cents on this game......it is honestly terrible. I would spend more time to describe why, but I dont want to waste anymore of my effort on it."
,Recommended,407840,25227778,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Zimppz,best dino shooter game eveer10/10 Making Dinosaurs Extincted again
,Not Recommended,407840,25167829,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rage 15☭☭☭,─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son!███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A bad game!███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
76561198155926108,Not Recommended,407840,29139578,Posted: 9 January,all,legion29snake,2 wise words. Do not buy. lol
,Not Recommended,407840,25075218,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Timothy The Enchanter,"was good, developers killed it"
,Recommended,407840,23989997,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Koala Hat Guy,"I love the part where the dev stole the assets from ActivisionOkay, for real now, the game is fun. VERY fun, in fact. The switching between Top down, third, and first person is awesome, creative, and fun, and after seeing that David's artist was OUTSOURCING the model creation, the whole thing now seems silly. Honestly, there's NO excuse not to own this game. It's unreasonably cheap, absurdly fun, and SUPER EASY TO GIFT TO AND PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS! Do yourself a favor, just pick Orion up already, and maybe some copies for your friends."
,Not Recommended,407840,26639048,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Prince Salt,"Probably one of the least fun games I've played. the trailer made it look great didnt it, but they forgot too mention that everything in the game kills you in 1 hit, the graphics look horrible and I began to get eye strains within minutes. they took everything fun from prelude and took it out. and the developer constantly begs you for money cause hes poor mabye?Steam earns more money from this games refunds then the developer does from buyers"
76561198065258694,Recommended,407840,21090934,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Riku (60fps),"gorgeus game, pretty well optimized. I loved orion prelude (when it was fixed) , now im loving this more and more, and $2  i think is wayyyy too little for this quality product"
,Not Recommended,407840,24346195,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ShouldNotBe,"Runs like butt, plays like butt, I prefer my butt."
,Recommended,407840,24222830,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sp0oky™,LOOK AT ME G O
,Recommended,407840,32261521,Posted: 7 June,all,EternalMOAB,It has amazing potential but this game hasn't been supported so it has problems
,Not Recommended,407840,24596528,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,₪ MikaWoof ₪,"This games is a big scam.I thought it would be a good ""sequel"" to Orion: Prelude, but i was wrong.Because i couldnt find any pros, here are the cons:-Extremly poor performance even on very low-no adjustable fov-extreme loading times-frequent crashes-bad mouse sensitivity handling(my specs are on my steam page if you think i use a gt 420 and a dual core celeron!)I immediatly refunded it.Not even worth 99 cent.Buy Orion: Prelude if you want to shoot dinosaurs."
,Not Recommended,407840,24147044,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Oliakthetroll,Useless
,Recommended,407840,19463830,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Jengus,"An hour in and it already seems quite interesting!,It's also promising how well it is for an early acess game. Skills trees are also a nice additionit makes you feel like you're aiming to get somewhere in the game as you play through missions with public or friends.Guardians of Orion, you are looking like you may just turn out to be golden addition to anyones steam account."
76561198216590941,Recommended,407840,22289021,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,M'Jackson,"Great game, well it is after the 22nd ♥♥♥♥ing attempt to just open the damn thing (THANKS DAVID!)"
76561198003679089,Recommended,407840,23948683,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TakeMyShit,Much potential potential !
,Recommended,407840,23967804,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GreenFag,WAY Better Graphics Than COD Infinite WarfareWould spend another dollar but im all outGame is 1000/10Love It(Also that 1$ was my lunch money but still worth it)
76561198002403218,Not Recommended,407840,24102622,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bulbasaur,"One of the worst games i've ever played, full of bugs, uninspired enemies, few game modes. Felt like a mobile game."
,Recommended,407840,31574468,Posted: 5 May,all,South3rnson,It's a dollar one freaking dollar and it looks better than some 15 dollar games i had prelude and loved the concept and so I picked it up and I was happy to I really hope trek doesn't give up on it as its so good the game has a 20$ game graphics and gameplay for a dollar if you have a dollar lying around I would definitely recommend you pick it up
,Recommended,407840,24010138,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Teodor The Light of Dawn,i must say that it's better than the first one but its still a buggy mess
76561198092089871,Recommended,407840,24652854,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,IrksomeWar7,Not bad for less than a buck! give it a shot.
,Not Recommended,407840,24702492,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,serhot,♥♥♥♥♥est game i ever see in my lifegördüğüm en boktan oyunoptimization %-99.9gta v high settings : 70-80 fpsorion lowest♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics : 5+ / -15 fps
76561198017855403,Recommended,407840,35336906,Posted: 30 September,all,LordTristan,"Thanks to these ""Fake news"" of people who has low specs PCs... the game did not go further. for the price i paid i would say it was worth it. but i hope the devs would put in more content.Do not believe the discrediting comments of peasant players.the game would've been great if it had more funding i guess?the gameplay was ok.. but lacks story and diversity."
,Recommended,407840,24523643,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Chaos Nazo,"""This game was sued for having similar weapons to some of CoD weapons, then this game is s**t""-Half of the reviewsThis is a fps where you have to defend a harvester drone against dinosaurs, with PvP, vehicles, mechas and playable dinosaurs coming soon. Aside from that, you can play the game in first person, third person and top down view. It still has some features missing, but those features are going to be added as the game development progresses, and everything implemented so far is, in my opinion, almost perfect."
76561197993423353,Recommended,407840,24265781,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,TinyTestTackle,"This game is silly but I've been having a lot of fun with it. As it is right now you have 2 social hubs which are mostly lobbies you can run around in, chat, and outfit your character. Then you join one of 2 game modes: harvest in which you protect a moving harvesting unit from wave attacks for a total of 10 waves and 3 mini boss battles, and survival where the harvester stays put and you defend increasingly stronger waves until you can't hold out anymore.The games current best feature is that it has a nearly fully fleshed out RPG mechanic where you outfit a specific class with loot (dropped during games) to make that class (called guardians) stronger and there is a decent talent tree you can fill out as you level that guardian. You will actually feel your character getting stronger and games that were once too hard will eventually be easy. Although there is a final match strength where the difficulty is absolutely ridiculous.There is also a comprehensive set of cosmetic items you can equip to make yourself look cool and unique.There are bugs you will run into like the server browser occasionally not working, movement bugs, and rare loot bugs but this is par for the course in EA and doesn't plague this game like other EA games I have played. There are a few other downsides like a fairly low (but steady) population means you can't always populate the exact gamemode you want to play. And the movement isn't always very fluid and you will occasionally miss and opportunity to dodge which can be frustrating.Overall I enjoy this game. It's fun as hell to blow up dinosaurs and robots. The multi-colored loot appeals to my lizard brain reward center. The outfitting cosmetics are really fun. And seriously, IT'S ONLY .59 CENTS! AND SOON TO BE FREE TO PLAY. Some people are losing their minds in the forums screaming about how they didn't get their money's worth! Are you serious? Like truly serious? It's a fine game."
76561198093143893,Recommended,407840,24453235,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Hamsterman ✅,"Guardians Of Orion/Orion ProjectShort Description and Background InformationOrion is a Top down, FPS, and Third Person Shooter all rolled into one. It's if Destiny, Halo, Turok and Call Of Duty all had a baby while simultaneously taking cocaine. With jokes aside, this game is pretty freaking cool and has so much promise behind it. Some of the devs of this game have been creating and expanding the Orion series for roughly 20 years and it doesn't seem like they're slowing down any time soon.Pros:Loving And Caring Devs who will do anything for their gameNo DLC Or Extra Content Needed To Have FunCons:Small Playerbase"
,Recommended,407840,24453827,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,GrizzlyPath26,I could care less about what is wrong with the developer because i got the game for 50 cents and shooting dinosaurs in the face is f*cking awesome.
,Not Recommended,407840,24446656,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Legionnaire,"its nothing like its advertised in all the pictures, that could be because its still in early acces but in its current state its just an isometeric shooter."
,Recommended,407840,24453306,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Genome,"Ok, gonna be flat out. I love this game. If you are considering buying it DO SO!!! Alright now let's get to why.1. It is an ARPG about shooting dinos, who wouldn't like that?2. The dev (David Prassel) is quite active on working with, formally, ORION (Previously Guardians of Orion) or ""The Orion Project"" despite people saying he is a jerk or that he is awful. I personally do not care what they say, and say that he is active at working with ORION and is good.3. A tad bit buggy. What did you expect it's a couple months old and is in VERY early access.4. It is not pay to win, even though there are 'guardians' in the shop and they are a key part of the game. The paid currency is easily obtained through achievements and daily quests such as: Achievements-Kill 100 Dilos, Reach level 10 with assault (a guardian in the game), Obtain a full set of legendary gear level 600 augments, etc. (legendary is the highest rarity item) (gear level 600 is the highest 'gear level' in the game) (augments are your equipment that make your guns, armor, and grenades do something eg. Armor Value and Damage) Daily Quests- Get 200 knife kills, Get 100 grenade kills, Collect 20 dinosaur bones etc.5. Ignore what happened between Trek and Activision and you're better off, end of story. Ignore all reviews that hate the game BECAUSE of this drama.6. First person isn't the best, top down limits view, and third-person lacks some animation quality.7. This is an ARPG if you break it down to it's core components, treat it like one.8. This game requires you to not be toxic as it is a community rounded game. Please leave toxicity to your Call of Duty and Minecraft, thank you.9. Not convinced yet? There is alot of planned 'modules' that are going to be added, thus making the game deeper and more fun. As i said earlier the dev (David Prassel) is active and it is not a deal where there is alot of plans, but nothing is happening.10. Does not agree with low end computers. ""Define your version of low end computer to me, Genome"" Ok, a laptop or anything 3-4 generations old. A GTX970 with a FX-6350 will run this at maxed 1080p 60fps, which if you ask me is mid-range.In conclusion, in my opinion, I love the game and suggest it to anyone.  The game is community based and is slightly slow at first, but gets more fun the later on. Have fun, and game on!!"
76561198097879940,Recommended,407840,24834503,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,xChaotical,"Should you buy this game?Not what you expected from an early access game. Amazing graphics for just this $1 game, not to stress about the DLC since its quite expensive but, I'm pretty sure I think they mightreduce the priceonce the game comes out. So far so good Love it Bought it Played it.Ratings for the $1 game: 7/10 Not to bad (Early Access review)"
,Recommended,407840,20334283,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TinyLazerRaptor,"I'll update this as it goes through Early Access.I hopped into the game for the first time to give it a try and played a couple of different classes. It's a little dull at the moment because of the current lack of playerbase but that should pick up as the game develops and I hope it does pick up because this is the sort of game that will hopefully be easy to play in a relaxed fashion with friends and online players alike.The current price tag is probably only worth paying for if you're keen to support the devs and want to contribute to the Early Access development because at the moment, there's not a huge amount here. There's a solid foundation including 4 classes with different weapons, a couple of game modes, nice graphics and lovely music. I was surprised to find the third person gameplay handling quite well as I was a bit skeptical about that and overall all the controls are fine, no issues there.So the only thing I can see lacking so far really is content and playerbase, which will come in time. I plan to keep checking up on the game regularly to test out new content and I'm glad to see the devs aiming for monthly updates."
,Not Recommended,407840,24144935,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Seconact,"The ""high above the character's head"" viewing angle is a huge disapointment. If it was first person or a less extreem 3rd person this game could have been amazing."
,Recommended,407840,20282488,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheOnlyFury,"Will update as I continue to play - current impressions based on 1.5 hours of play.What fun! Online with friends is clearly the best way to play, but if you find yourself gunning solo like myself, you won't be disappointed. Fun character skill tree mixed with twin-stick gunning goodness makes for a fun romp. Jetpack gameplay adds some (very limited) verticality that adds to the overall experience. Great sci-fi feel to the game.Currently this game feels like a good way to kill 30 or 45 minutes in its current early access state. Felt satisfied with my $10 purchase on this alone.EDIT: The third person mode recently went live. It's not my favorite thing on earth (video below, shameless plug), but it proves that the dev is constantly listening to community feedback and responding quickly with updates that the community wants. This is the sign of a great dev, devoted to his craft.https://youtu.be/DuPiNBsqneg"
,Recommended,407840,24162670,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Locanis,"If you like games in the same vein as Killing Floor, you'll enjoy every second of this game."
76561198087337236,Not Recommended,407840,24118406,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,D'johngo_ unchained,"I had no problem setting up the gam, but when I went to start it, it would freeze on the loading screen"
76561198042177658,Not Recommended,407840,24121266,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,WabbyLishes,wtf is this game tbf it was only 30p but you could go buy yourself a pick a mix tbf lmao
76561198119590499,Recommended,407840,22132431,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ANARCHIST,HOLY CRAP A GOOD IDEA DONE THE RIGHT WAY.yep thats right i said it fricken stupid call of duty fans (JK pls  dont hurt me) but seriously the COD franchise was awesome until Advance poopfair came out. BUT it was one mistake and i really respect the call of duty franchise so i wasnt to bothered by it but when BO3 came out was sad that it wasnt like no super jumbs and crazy 720 wallrun instaswaps (again JK i think those people are awesome anyways)what im trying to say that guardians of orion is a well balanced game that is so much fun and has a great future of great ideas all that i ask is that they make the local co-op allowed to be used with the first person module that comes out or the third person view that is already out but otherwise that i have no complaints about this awesome game.
,Not Recommended,407840,24117617,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Crazy1,terrible
76561198174964567,Not Recommended,407840,24111502,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Not My Rodrick,"The game is not open world!!! I loaded it up and when I stareted playing I was like, ""What the crap is this?""Buy Orion Prelude instead!"
76561198076768036,Recommended,407840,30679890,Posted: 22 March,all,hellspawn1972,good game just get better servers
,Not Recommended,407840,33764070,Posted: 24 July,all,Giov,delet this
76561198059877240,Not Recommended,407840,23843208,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Astelni,I bought the game because it looked cool and sounded interesting.1. Huge launch time. About 5 minutes.2. Couldn't connect online. So I assumed maybe there aren't servers (yet?).3. Tried to play offline and see what the game is about.4. Typed in a character name and hit enter.4. Game immediately crashes.yup.. 54 cents well spent. :/
,Recommended,407840,23968366,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Old Man Bones,its a good game ignore the recent dcma claim from activision it was settled the devs took a model they did not know from cod and the model has been changed
76561198091803222,Not Recommended,407840,24065826,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CaptainPantan,"Game stutters like a ♥♥♥♥♥, barley even runs. But hey, its 1 dollar"
,Recommended,407840,21511353,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,GameksTastik,"Wow, Im in shock. This game is really, really well made considering its an Early Access game. Looking forward to feature updates(Especially First Person), Buy it, Just do it !"
76561198163937374,Not Recommended,407840,33783400,Posted: 25 July,all,kiwisar 007,wy?
,Recommended,407840,19691462,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Isotope,good game very fun few bugs but thats expected
76561198057320112,Recommended,407840,22646452,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kabumi,"maybe not worth the 10€ in the current state, but easely worth the 0.99€"
,Recommended,407840,23637208,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Waa Mystic,"One of the best games Ive played, This is as good as 60$ games, cant wait till its finished."
,Not Recommended,407840,25262674,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,';.;'DarkCause';.;',"Dosen't seem anyone is playing, sorry I wasted my 1$, but least the graphic are good to look at or walk around the lobbies."
76561198037879922,Recommended,407840,28519597,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Johnny,seriously... I paid a dollar for this game. Not much of a huge game .... yet... but godddddamn it looks BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The lighting looks so amazing!!!!
,Recommended,407840,23986712,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,tsukimi,Better gaming exp than Destiny.
76561198023765993,Recommended,407840,23987279,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Robert Wolf,Good game
,Not Recommended,407840,25270254,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Josama Bin Laden,"I can say that after playing a few games not only is it VERY confusing, it lacks anyway to have fun, I wouldn't suggest this game to my worst enemy."
76561198078184047,Recommended,407840,25003442,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,みう　[Bracket],its fun and I love it the devs are still making the game and its being constantly updated so dont♥♥♥♥♥♥on it yet let the game evolve and become what the devs imagine it to be then judge it for what it is but I personally love it
76561198269374874,Recommended,407840,25073446,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Sucani,Can you guys pls fix when I try to play it seas I need a better grafic card So pls I relly want to play this so pls fix pls :(
,Not Recommended,407840,25135481,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Old Man McGucket,"I run it in a window, it lags, I run the uninstall, it lags."
,Recommended,407840,25197839,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Elk479,"If you like simplistic shooters this is the game for you.Its like COD zombies but with dinosaurs... and bugs.. and a terrible t-rex level... you know like zombies.The shooter is fun for .49 when I got this gem, beautiful graphics fun time playing it as a simple shooter.Though it gets old after a while and it makes me feel like... LOOK AT ME GO!!!"
76561197982746769,Not Recommended,407840,28252797,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,B4Marc,"""PRIVACY POLICYThe Company respects the privacy of its Service users. Please refer to the Company’s Privacy Policy (found here:https://orion-project.net/forums#pp)which explains how we collect, use, and disclose information that pertains to your privacy. When you access or use the Service, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy.""Accessing the ""Company’s Privacy Policy (found here:https://orion-project.net/forums#pp)""give me this:""Your connection is not secureThe owner oforion-project.nethas configured their website improperly. To protect your information from being stolen, Firefox has not connected to this website.""Thanks Firefox!"
,Recommended,407840,33961460,Posted: 1 August,all,Marinara Sauce,7/10 Would Look At Me Go Again
76561198056769064,Recommended,407840,22582836,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,mbf222222,"Love the game, It's one of the best early access games I've played and I've played quite a few. their are some bugs in the game but a lot less then some of the full release games I've played. This is one of the few games that I have a hard time believing is in early access  because of how well done the game is, so If the game is this great now i can't wait to see what it's going to look like when it's finally done."
,Recommended,407840,27961927,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jeinsomniac,"A hidden gem! Three camera modes, more fun classes than the previous game, addicting gameplay and crafting system that makes eveyr game feel like you've accomplished something.  Legendary drops are often enough and crafting them is easy enough to be able to gear out all your guardians in a fun and quick manner that makes the RNG-factor not sting at all.For the 50 cents it costs to pick up, grab a friend and it is well worth the time!"
,Not Recommended,407840,25990243,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Lambert,Keeps telling me to unistall ur4 cant even play♥♥♥♥♥♥game really
,Recommended,407840,24944547,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Light,"So i'll admit, this game is addictive. in third person its like a little reminder of the Destiny game that never released. This has been the best dollar spent of my whole life. The graphics are amazing along with the gameplay. The only thing is that atm there are only two game modes which is expected because, well... alpha. Soon to add races and pvp this year, im super excited for what's next. This game is a sure learning curve and it definitely doesn't hold your hand but i feel like this will be fixed over time and include a little tutorial. Give this game a chance... its only a dollar and is soon to be free to play coming sometime this august."
,Not Recommended,407840,25474799,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,luckyshot5135,"The game has an interesting conceopt but even for it's lowest price it's not worth it, the game itself can be fun, but the lack of fov customization (the regular fov actually hurts mt eyes), the game is repetitive, and in all honesty this is sloppily done I get it's' super cheap, infact it's so cheap almost anyone can buy it but that doesn't mean you should considering how the game is in it's current form."
,Not Recommended,407840,26350429,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ssm,Can't even play a game #regrets
76561198036077253,Not Recommended,407840,33034038,Posted: 30 June,all,Whįtēfløwěr's Rēąper,great game and ideas loved the original ones [which i bought a 4 pack for about 20$ then it became free to play so i got 2 left in my steam inventory ]  but MASSIVE PROBLEMSok 1st MOTION BLUR - cant turn it off2ND HOLD MOUSE BUTTON TO AIM - cant change it3RD NO LOCAL SERVERS AT ALL - only NA & EUW (north america and europe west)SO DONT BUY UNLEES ITS ON THE STEAM SALE FOR ABOUT 90% OFF (i bought the elite version 50$ down to 5 on steam sale)oh and u got to register an account with them :(^that is the easy though^so untill these issues are fixed i cannot paly the game uninstalled it right now
76561198085451616,Recommended,407840,23003968,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sale,10/10 has dinos
76561198087141622,Recommended,407840,22661153,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,B1ackS1n,I cant wait to see what coming by christmas.
76561198242638712,Recommended,407840,33738834,Posted: 23 July,all,D Chick PR,"Buy the cheapes one, other not recomanded"
,Not Recommended,407840,24541650,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SensoryMango,"Bought this the week it launched, when it was $20, and have never been more disappointed. I enjoyed the first game enough to trust this game. the price dropping to $1 is a huge slap in the face and I may be looking for a refund now."
,Not Recommended,407840,24614093,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,92Garfield,"Horrible performance and looks even worse.No shadows, no reflections, no local light and no fluids.Other than that, the game is practically non-existant.Shoot dinos with a handfull of weapons, really sad.Just get ORION: Prelude."
76561197968759196,Not Recommended,407840,24021997,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,"Dave ""Decoy"" Roth","This game feels odd. You can press F1 to play in 3rd person or 1st person view but it still feels like a top down shooter at that time. It has a couple nice features but at the end of the day it is just a recreation of their last title (Not the cool one with cars that got kinda whacky.) The server browser is either currently down or just plain not functional so even playing online seems to lead to solo play. The arbitrary hub location is impressively expansive with its layout but for the time being, useless. All it serves as is a spot to access inventory and change load out with the background of other players standing around doing the same before jumping into game.It fills a niche for that top down shooter at a $1 but considering how much legal shenanigans the developer is getting into I'm disappointed with how little has improved to make this game stand appart from others.If Trek Industries can up their game and make a few changes, this game would be well worth the $1.1. Just sack up and make some new gun models and new assets. If your distribution platform allows your content getting DMCA'd, just roll with it and look at this as an opportunity to make the game better than it was. (I picked out the Boba Fet helmet before I had even heard about the issue.)2. Tweak the hell out of FPS mode. Feels just plain wrong.3. Continue development to improve this game. Get player feed back and utilize it.I wouldn't recommend this game just yet. Sort of boring compared to the older game. Go ahead if you want to get it on sale and see if things pan out for the better."
76561198145743259,Recommended,407840,24511323,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Steak Salad,Has a suicide button to end your misery
76561198045737295,Recommended,407840,24278311,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fedellis,"Great game. A lot of room for improvement, but for an alpha it is very good."
,Recommended,407840,24511289,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Steak and Potatoes,Only took 7 times to boot up the game and get into a session.6 to launch the game. and 1 to play with my resolution after I couldn't get back into the game after I changed it.
,Recommended,407840,24668807,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,LUPZ | MODUS,Nice game for a few hours.
,Recommended,407840,28574542,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KCB Gaming,"Since the game has finally officially released, I thought it was time to give it's new review, the early access review is lower down.The game has been working on for quite a while and Trek constantly takes the advice and reports from their community and improve the game. I've been part of the betas and owned the game from the start and I'm glad to say that the game really reached far, including things now that weren't even developed back then like the air fights, pvp battles and many more variation that I've not explored yet.It's a great game that I even introduced my friends to and we all play it. It's great for multiplayer and single player. It's a game that you won't get fed up of playing.Would recommend 11/9[EARLY ACCESS REVIEW]I wasn't expecting this game to be so much fun, more so than Orion Prelude which I also enjoyed. Even though it's in Early Access, the offline and online is highly addicting and the variety of things to participate in from the gamemodes, characters, maps, crafting, and whatever else all just for $1 I paid and I feel like these developers desserve more. Trek in my opinion are so much better than most AAA game developers (EA, Activision, and DICE to state a few, not Naughty Dog and Rockstar Games, I like them.). If I had to rate this out of 10, I'd say 99999'/10"
,Not Recommended,407840,24037112,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cognitive Fugue,"Wow, after looking at the very public and most importantly, self-admitted plagiarism and generally terrible behavior by Trek Industries, I absolutely had to remove this s*** smear permanently from my catalogue. I never tell others what to like or dislike as a rule, but I have zero issue with not recommending Orion due to the obviously inexcusable nature of its developers' actions."
76561198089494640,Not Recommended,407840,24663591,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gunnyboy,"Ok, so let me first say, I have the original ""Orion: Prelude"" game, which I played for a few hours or so.  The gameplay was so incredibly broken, that you could be a cloaker and literally never die, since dinos run away from you when you cloak.  That being said, while I didn't ""like"" the old Orion game, it was still ok, and had a few good hours in it.  Now that game was made in 2012... 3 years before this... which means Trek had THREE WHOLE YEARS TO CLEAN THEIR SH*T UP.... And they didn't.  Somehow, this game is actually worse than Orion: Prelude.  The gameplay is confusing as hell, there's no instructions at all, and it's nothing like the original.  Trek, if you're reading this, I don't know why you call yourself a developer, as you somehow managed to make a new game that is even more of a failure than the first.  It's almost impressive how badly this is flopping."
,Recommended,407840,24568832,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ahnaf,This game not bad at all :)
76561198058629290,Not Recommended,407840,24031544,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rayo329,"You should check this entire post before buying something from trek industries:https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/4q6xo5/activisions_dmca_claim_on_orion_is_legit_orions/Also that entire ""open world"" is useless, you just walk to a table and then you can play the game browsing a room and joining. Furthermore is extremely repetitive.Going to refund this."
76561198129564956,Recommended,407840,24512168,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,GenericGentleman,"I honestly enjoy the game, at first I was like, this is terrible, then I launched it in first person and realized how fun it was. The local version crashed, a lot. Then booting up the online I found it pretty great."
,Not Recommended,407840,24588525,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Deven,Too laggy If you have a powerful computer it might be fine but if you have a decent one it will lag alot
,Recommended,407840,24112607,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Josua070,"Not bad. But the game needs to differentiate between Harvest mode & Survival mode. Survival mode won't give any sheet* if the Harvester is destroyed or not. It's supposed to focus on how long the players can survive. Get this straight, Trek Industries."
,Recommended,407840,20988997,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Honor Guard,"Got Founders for 2 bucksIt a good game ,Fun and such"
,Recommended,407840,24102204,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gru,Bought this instead of a DLC for Tomb Raider. Totally worth it!
76561198200489075,Recommended,407840,31800238,Posted: 17 May,all,ArtymisF,"This game is alot like the jurassic park arcade game, except in the arcade game I paid a dollar per play, and a dollar per respawn.This is fun to play with friends, always funny to hear a friend in discord scream after being attacked by a dino about as big as my foot. The gameplay may get a bit repetitive, think call of duty zombies with robots and dinosaurs except there is a way to win at the end of it. Good for a casual gamer something to boot up for a few rounds thats different from cs:go or some other shooters. GREAT GRAPHICS for an indie game I was extremely impressed by how good this looked, and for ONLY A DOLLAR I got the base game! Looking forward to seeing this little diamond in the rough grow, Can't believe I had only heard of it by chance, highly reccommend if you are looking for a cheap new game fix, ( geez i love when I have new game syndrome, nothing like something fun and new. ) Pick it up for a cheap thrill."
76561198030280840,Not Recommended,407840,25194369,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,RAR file  (Qc),(sarcasm)  This game have a big communoty which is always playing . there is always game to join. And it not a pay to win .i was not suprise to see that i didnt pay for a demo .wow this game is soo much better than orion prelude. Wow i dont feel like i get deeply ♥♥♥♥ when i think about the 1.09$ that i WASTE IN THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥WOW!
76561198060133140,Recommended,407840,20987431,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Emperor Palpatine,"Not bad so far for an early access game, but you need to add first person into this game, if not it won't be nearly as great as Orion Prelude."
76561198183449238,Not Recommended,407840,33872777,Posted: 28 July,all,o(*_>*)o,"I can't believe this isn't in early access. Almost every asset is stock, is boring, low player base, few content."
,Recommended,407840,19723082,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Yorozuya,Right now this game is just barebones but highly playable. 3 playable characters and a few maps.It is a really well done twin stick shooter and they're going to make it  better every month. These Dev's will deliver because they love their game as much as they love making it.
,Recommended,407840,19679893,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Viquel,I got an achievement for being t-rex food.
76561198090234955,Recommended,407840,21422492,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,biu,I bought this game at 1usd but now that I have played it I would have paid the full price.Currently it is a little repetitive due to the lack of game modes but they are working hard to rectify that.Also they actually listen to the feedback of the players.Felt rushed between rounds and no chance to take a breath? New Ready up systemNo FPS mode? It is coming very soon nowThank you Trek for trying your best to please us all unlike some of the other games. Cough MKX Cough..........
,Recommended,407840,24142749,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,joy of creation csgolive.com,Best game ever
76561198083576954,Recommended,407840,23740691,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Azarath,"great game, poorly optimized, amazing price. seriously just buy the game and hope they fix the optimization. I'm talking 20fps with all the graphics on low ( i have a Geforce GT 650 GPU and 8 gigs of Ram. your gonna need something like a GTX 1070 to run this♥♥♥♥♥♥a 60fps on high graphics)7.8/10 - full of potential"
,Recommended,407840,21048470,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Eazydzzz,Cool and great.
76561197965013783,Recommended,407840,22644888,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,-=FFF=- 8BALL,fantastic fun co op and for only 69 pence
,Recommended,407840,22637240,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ray,"Developers are insane, never seem to quite deliver what they promise, still my favourite devs. :)"
,Recommended,407840,22507863,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,SpAcEgObLiN,This is going to be one of the best games the pc has seen in a long time if they continue to stay true to their ambitions.
,Recommended,407840,21594569,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,3d Plague,"Got the game for me and a few friends to try it out, granted it's not polished yet and i've had an error or 2 but it is a fun game to laugh over with your mates.especially since only a few days after purchasing it they announced to expand the game even further.game definetily has potential only thing i'm missing right now is in-game VoIP support.Pros:Future Modules to be added.Old school co-op.Fully playable with either Keyboard or Controller.Fatalities (Riding the horn)Gameplay SoundtracksCons:Optimisation required.Can get repedative at current 1.2 build."
,Recommended,407840,26819451,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☣☢Mitonsoul☢☣,If you like exploring space and shooting dinosaurs then this game is definitly for you. just make sure you get it now before the huge update happens because now its still cheap
,Recommended,407840,19490024,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ruby the Poké Whore,"Amazing potential.The devs have come a long way, and credit's due where it's due; they've done an amazing job, and will continue to do such.My only wish is for first-person, and a glimpse at what cool guns I can swish and shoot."
,Recommended,407840,22638567,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,JulioFN,"The most underrated developer from the game industry releases another promising game. I still think orion prelude deserves a LOT of recognition for what has been done to it. The developer insisted and did not back down until they turned it into an incredibily fun game. The Orion Project, as it is, is a fun game, and I would look forward into supporting this title if I hadn't bought it already."
,Recommended,407840,23018510,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Buffalofeet,"Amazing game for $1, A lot is planned for this game apparently but theres already a very good game to be played here, a couple game modes with a bunch of maps and classes and weapons. Theres a more traditional over the shoulder camera and a classic top-down view, and both work very well(I hope to see a First person view soon).The difficulties ramp up in a comfortable but still challenging way. The enemies are each very different with different attacks and health and dont seem bullet spongey. Purchase this game now while it's still a dollar because they could easily charge much more, well worth the money. Great to play with friends!"
,Not Recommended,407840,24971836,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lars Ingvar,"FIX YOUR LOUSY FPS BEFORE YOU ADD MORE UPDATES!!!!!The game is really funny to play with friends but the FPS is the worst iv seen in years. If you are going to make this game F2P atleast give players who have bought the game something, coins, Guardians, weapons anything!"
,Recommended,407840,24912498,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Faker,The Quit button works very well.
,Not Recommended,407840,30296877,Posted: 3 March,all,Chlorofrm,Pros:- Contains Steam Trading CardsCons:- Everything else.
76561198091555963,Recommended,407840,22965336,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Hamzilly,"A seriously underrated game. Needs to be more popular, devs are amazing and underrated as well."
,Recommended,407840,24137836,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jhonny 2 Liver,This game is pretty much Destiny with Dinosaurs. Updates come relativly often which is cool. Graphics look pretty good but at the moment are suffering from clipping or animation issues that are likely to be worked out in the future. Judgeing from how Prelude turned out this game will get updates constantly and the final product will be great.
,Recommended,407840,23795599,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Popcorn,As always a great looking game with an arcade-like shooting feel at a price I can't possibly be mad at.  More content than Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare at a 120:1 price reduction.
,Recommended,407840,22642896,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kattmat,Game devs are amazing. Is this possibly the best Early Access game out there? Devs seem to listen to the players I mean.
,Recommended,407840,22643252,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jigz,Beautiful :)
76561198088231549,Recommended,407840,23967464,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ButterCheeks,HOLY CRAP LOOK AT DEM GREEFFICS.  But its a great game.  10/10
,Recommended,407840,23968459,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,zzilla8,noice
76561198128523406,Not Recommended,407840,25390772,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Mellie (October 25th),"heck can't even get it to load.  I know its still in early development but still.  Tried everything.. Set it to windows 7, 8 and I run windows 10.  6 core processor and 8 gigs of ram so wonders never cease.."
76561197990612532,Recommended,407840,25120591,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Martelus,"Nice game, still in early but it looks promising :)"
,Not Recommended,407840,25068669,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,DeadlyDoRight,"At this present moment the game is far from ideal. Very glitchy, lagging and choppy.Needs more work or improvement before I can seriously recommend this to anyone.As it is an early access game it is obviously or hopefully a work in progress."
76561198200728583,Not Recommended,407840,25057584,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,you would not believe your eyes,this game is not as good as the last one because the last one let u pick your weapons and had more weapons
,Recommended,407840,23029631,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Dingus,Look at me go!
76561198012122953,Not Recommended,407840,30365320,Posted: 6 March,all,Agent J,"Basically, a bunch of features from other games that have been thrown together in a way that makes a game that gets boring very quickly."
76561198171054867,Recommended,407840,33314611,Posted: 6 July,all,ButterJuraj,one of the best games for just 1$11/10 would buy this game
,Recommended,407840,23984938,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,◢Dylan`/Beans,amazing graphics♥♥♥♥♥♥fps for decent pc
,Recommended,407840,34049684,Posted: 5 August,all,FiLzO,"Quite a nice game. For not so much, You're getting alot."
,Recommended,407840,22658551,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ruphus,"Remember Orion: Prelude? Because this game is basically the same with massive improvements and more.It's still amazing that one of the worst games on Steam gets improved and now gets loved by the community and now here we are... The Orion Project a.k.a. Guardians of Orion.Started as an RPG twin stick shooter, it has evolved to a multi perspective RPG shooter where you can play it as a top down shooter or a third person shooter or even an first person shooter (soon). Not only that they also keep improving on the ORION formula by adding new lore, features, areas, items, you name it. ""... And it's getting a full open-world in a few months. And within a year it's supposed to get a fully explorable galaxy. And you can get founder's access to said game for justa dollar....""[1]And the best of all... Warframe-esque free roaming lobby!!Compared to the first Orion game (ORION: Prelude):+ RPG progression+ Graphics (I assume the game uses UE4, on super high settings it looks beautiful and runs at a playable framerate, even on 840M)+ Customization+ Free roam (soon!)+ Social interaction (biggest improvement for most)+ Multiple cameras for different experience+ Dialogs (they retain the previous game funny lines, and they're planning to add more)+ Crafting- Difficulty customization (Gone are customizable settings where you can make dinos one hit killable while make yourself a one-hit wonder soldiers for massive EXP boost. v1.4.4 removes difficulty customization completely.)- Sound (Still needs work, to say the least, for now it's rather weird)- Repetitive (Just like the previous game, again.)This game easily worth $10. It's just makes me feel guilty to buy this game at $1.References:[1]http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253735144/recommended/407840/"
,Recommended,407840,22658826,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Boosted Turbo,"I have bought into many alpha staged games, such as Overgrowth...Every single one of them after getting your money just bounce and have a nice comfy life... BUT THIS DEVELEPER SEEMS PROMISING!Honestly, the game was a top down shooter and within a month they add 3rd person...  They only charge $1, and seem to be extremely promising on taking this game beyond Planet Side 2 scale, and beyond Battle Fields player size...The initial way to get in a game and access your items is not very user friendly, but after you learn it. It is very nicely set up.GAMEPLAY!Pro's: The game has nice graphics and you can customize your playstyle by swapping to an emersize 3rd person, to top down at any time in the game.Very nice AI which at easy dificulties are competitive, and at higher difficulties eat your lunch like your a cupcake.This game has an amazing sound track for being in Alpha!Nice sounds with the guns and the objectives are straight forward.Every person gets their own loot, so there is no loot stealing and crying about so-so got this and do not need it.The diverse classes let your customize your play style while still allowing every player to be viable.Con's: The game does not seem to last as long as I would like. I see many people on wave 28 or above, and I join a game on wave 3 and it's victory by wave 8...Hard to learn gearing system...Hard to learn crafting system..."
,Recommended,407840,21691426,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Arubarius,"EDIT: So the game is very playable now and I thought I would update it--even what's here now is stable, and a good amount of content: lots of characters, a crafting system, loot drops, and bunch of different dinosaurs trying to eat you and your robot. The third person works well, although I am still excited to see the first person module in practice. So worth the price, even in its current incomplete state.Get it now before Founder status goes away!I don't do early access games as a rule because a lot of devs are pretty untrustworthy, and it's a lot easier to have good ideas and sell that to rubes than it is to make a thing that does what they actually want. That said, these guys have really won me over-- Prelude is a lot of fun, pretty much distilling what makes a wave defense game a good time and leaving everything else out, which is fine by me.So, when I saw the push these devs were making so that they could stay working on this game, I broke my own rule for the dollar buy-in price. I know they'll see it through. Plus, even just looking through these reviews you can see people having their suggestions implemented, and the devs are keeping the updates coming, and have some seriously good stuff coming down the pipeline-- I can't wait for the First Person Module, for example. That alone would be worth the cost of the game, as the scenery is so pretty and the dinosaurs look so good, is seems like a shame to be in third person, away from the action.Anyway, I've got high hopes and real faith that these guys will pull something out of this that's worth a lot more than the dollar I threw in when they needed it."
,Recommended,407840,21018394,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Tsukiyo Kaede,It's will be a perfect game if it have a good UI.I pretty like it can switch tps shooting mode and the graphic is great.
,Recommended,407840,21024728,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ScrandrewScrant,"This game certainly isn't perfect, but it's nowhere near as bad as some people here have made it out to be. It has plenty to offer if you give it a chance. I think it's important to keep in mind that the game is still early access meaning that you take a certain degree of risk when supporting a game that is subject to a lot of change. Alot of the negative reviews of late seem to stem from gut reactions to certain controversial mechanic or policy changes. For $10 I don't know, but with the current price of $1 I think a reasonable person would find that it is worth the dollar. However, I'd strongly recomend bringing a friend or two if you want to get the most out of this game. It's definitley a game to be played alongside friends."
76561198113196141,Recommended,407840,23792532,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Applejuicee,"for a 1 buck game theres nothing really to complain about, get this game"
,Recommended,407840,24895535,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Cantour,"this is a good game if you know how to Play it, it does take a while, but i made a tutorial of all the things that you need to know in OrionVid Link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HJ8N8feMEAHopefully This will give you everything that you need to know how to Play the Game!and if you like my content, Please be sure to Subscribe for more!"
76561198048732198,Recommended,407840,24781463,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Crash The Nerd,Great game for a great price with really good graphics for such a small studio.It has a lot of potential for greatness plus it's even better with friends!!! :D
,Recommended,407840,24930283,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ezgame.ml,i like to have funfunfunfunfun
76561198041779541,Not Recommended,407840,30483056,Posted: 12 March,all,Commander,"this game used to be good. i played it 2 years ago and enjoyed it for a few weeks.But today i went ot install it again and looked at new dlc.109.00$ for a dlc giving access to all characters....When did this game became a moba with p2w microtransactions....If it wasnt for the crazy devs asking my paycheck for a few cheap characters,i would play again and give it a good review.But sadly this has became a cash grab and i cannot recommend it."
76561198097443979,Recommended,407840,22722316,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,neowarspawn,not bad
,Not Recommended,407840,24035788,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,96nairra,it's♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,407840,24100160,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,sl1ce,games good they ruined shotguns tho
76561198188221571,Recommended,407840,24715095,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Crazy.Albanian,No Man's Sky was based in that game . Just have some extra things and it cost 59 $ more for sure .Still Orion is better.Don't waste 59.99$ instead of 0.99$ :/.ORION FOREVER.
,Recommended,407840,24504220,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Jacozard,"you just can not afford to not buy this game at this price, yes i went double negative on ya. cool game, nice graphics, nice maps,nice dinosaurs, nice nice nice."
,Recommended,407840,24315888,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Níðhöggr,"Okay, so, before you start judging this game, this is an EARLY ACCESS GAME. This game is updated weekly.Let's jump right into it.There are ""velociraptors"" (Or, Megaraptors, which is what is actually in game.), what seems to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of Prostosuchus, T-Rex, Stegosaurus, Compsagonathus, Dilophosaurus (which spit poison) and Dimorphodons. The game runs OKAY on my computer, mind you, it's getting better with every update. I rate this game for 8/10 because it's fun, but it needs more..replayability, shall I say."
76561198253735144,Recommended,407840,28576206,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheShadowAdept,"A fun, enjoyable, although not quite fully polished game. I personally don't really feel like it's worth $25....yet. However, if even half of the stuff that's currently planned for this game do manage to make it in, it will be. (hopefully)Pros & Cons:+ Fun gameplay+ Loot+ Different classes+ Multiple views (FPS, TPS, Top-Down)+ Dogfighting PvP mode with Starships+ - Campaign mode coming with next update+ - Be prepared to grind+ - Not all of the content promised on this Steam page is actually in the game yet+ - Lead developer's past is questionable- Not a lot of content at the moment- Skill trees are all basically the same- Still needs optimization"
,Recommended,407840,24498295,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,PageOne,"2016 7 24This game is in pre alpha, its not even alpha! so dont expect much at all, the description and stuff is what its going to bee like when the game is done and this game is no way done at all. but then its good fun for only 1 dollar"
76561198018355689,Not Recommended,407840,24030897,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,UndercoverRobocop,"Repedetive gameplay, unsatisfying rewards, and a generally clunky feel make this game boring at best."
76561198109895469,Not Recommended,407840,24510419,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DeusPhailus,"Will not even load. Can install the thing but the game just does not want to start in any way, shape, or form. I was able to try it on a friend's computer but I am glad I got it on a sale but I will be putting in a request to get my dollar back. Prelude was a superior game for for what was supposed to be the inferior to this."
76561198125624670,Recommended,407840,24810531,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ｂｅａｃｈｗａｖｅ,"I don't know about these people, about their problems but my game runs fairly and I have a good time playing it with alot of people. I somehow make some friends here and have a great time with other people. My favorite mode is probably Harvest in Redikulous mode. This game is insane and fun, and I see new people all the time it's like someone is recommending this to their friends. I would definantly recommend this to my friends. Orion ; Prelude wasnt such a bad game but there was to much stuff on the screen and it confused me for a while. The Trex in Redikulous mode is insane, He keeps throwing rocks at me like there is no tomorrow.10/10 would recommend :)"
,Recommended,407840,24603563,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,KyuremaTaurus,I like this game. $0.99 + Beastly Looking Dinos + Awesome Looking Robots + Aliens + Playable Dinos  = best game ever!!!
76561197991023520,Recommended,407840,21019325,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Willy Ink,"A little diffient from Orion: Prelude but still good.Basically this is a top-down shooter, but actually it can change to third-person view very well, and the developer promise to add first-person view in the future, so this game will be a three in one awesome game!(Notice: in game you can press F1 to change view)Use Unreal 4 engine so look very good for a $1 game, but you may need a good system to run it smoothly. There are a little bug, but don't worry, because the developer will fix it very soon, just report in the discussion area!Gameplay is good, simple defend mode like the Killing Floor, but have more RPG element, you can earn exp for kill dino and level up, assign skill point, loot equipment and material to become stronger!For now the game have just five map, seem a little lacking, but the developer will add more.Many kind of cute dinosaurs, and developer promise add more in the future.This game is on early access, and just $1 cheap, so don't be too harsh on him, but wait a few time patiently, it will be a great game. Good Job! David! You are so good! Thank you for your hard work all the time!"
,Recommended,407840,22649459,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jay Jay かけす,"Great game!Currently its just two modes, sirivival and Harvester (which are a little too similar if you ask me) in both you defend the harvester but in survival, waves start instantly and there are an endless amount of them.There is open world as well as first person comming soon.  And you currently have the ability to play either top down or third person.Many new features coming soon.Tere is also LOCAL CO-OP!  That alone makes it a must buy.AND ALL THIS FOR ONLY $1!"
,Recommended,407840,22652062,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Equlum,A great fun game for what it is. You´ll panic and scream and rage and fly and shoot and blink and have lots of fun! Playing with random people is great. Friendly community. Playing with friends is 10/10 would kill more stuff again!
,Recommended,407840,21020303,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,저스틴,It's ok. Reminds me of Crimsonland
,Recommended,407840,21025545,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bubblemage,"In my opinion, this game gets a solid 8/10 rating from me, it's nearly there. I mean, you run around shooting dinosaurs and robots, how could it be bad? The gameplay is fun and fast paced, the engine the game runs on works smoothly and the differnt ways to play and upgrades you can choose keep the game fresh. There are few things I think that could be changed or added to make the game better which are: The break time in between each wave is too long, shorten it from 1 minute to 15-20 seconds so everyone has to time their special skills better and use time healing better so you can get everyone to full health before the next wave comes. Also, maybe take away the heal guns ability to heal the user, make it so it can replenish shields by right clicking, but make it so you can't heal yourself so more teamplay is required. You might want to keep the self heal in solo mode however. And finally, (i know the game is still in development) just add a storyline, the possiblity for a solo campaign is a good one. That's all I have to say, hope the devs notice this so yeah. That's it."
,Recommended,407840,21027616,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DurtyTirtle,"Please buy, it needs support. The developers have great ideas that can make this game the go-to game for fun. skill tree, top down/3rd person(both work very well), dinos/robots, LOOT, different game modes, beautiful graphics and music, and upcoming 4 player local coop and A.I. teamaates for solo play? What more can you ask for. BUY IT!!! This literally has the most potential in a game that I have seen so far."
,Recommended,407840,21039931,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Pope Exploder,"This game Really needs First person view.  I like the idea of the starcraft-like top view, but it needs a first person camera angle as well.  The over the shoulder 3rd person just doesn't work so well.  I'm a big fan of Orion Prelude and i'm hoping this game will only get better with time."
,Recommended,407840,21042735,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rouges,"Great game so far much better launch than their Previous games.I would totaly recomend this to a friend and you should too.The more ppl that hear about this the more money Trek will make thus leading to them making more content,which is good for everyone. That aside here's the list of  Pros/ConsPROS-Great graphics(Unreal Engine 4)-Already more content than the previous games (Classes,Maps,Items)-Crafting/Inventory System-RPG elements-Devs are very active (so far)-Multiple Enemies (2 Bosses so far)-Nice CommunityCONS-A little Buggy-I'll list more when i find some"
,Recommended,407840,22652396,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Cpt Jack Bean,A very great and fun to play game with a lot of potential . Has many great things like crafting and nice game play . Fun to play too.
,Recommended,407840,21388885,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,splashclaw,very good game fun with friends i love the new models but the rex is a bit strong
76561198189815102,Recommended,407840,31960732,Posted: 25 May,all,JANMAN,"If you are bored, dont know what to do ore are looking at a nice game to play with friends this is the answer. I have so much fun playing this, the gameplay and graphics are good. Easily would have paid more for this game than 1 euro. Killing waves of dangerous dinosaurs and aliens wit h friends = endless fun for 1 euro/dollar. The pvp is also a lot of fun. Would recommmend this game to anyone since there is almost  nothing to lose."
76561198259698611,Recommended,407840,32009162,Posted: 27 May,all,RAZORbution || Trading,aa
,Not Recommended,407840,24435016,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,A great idea that went horribly wrong and destroyed most fans faith. A lot of decisions were made with no regard to the long game and who knows where it will all end. The devs have gone in a direction i cannot support on moral guidelines and i wish them the best but will not recomend this project.
,Not Recommended,407840,31702186,Posted: 12 May,all,Captain X (PhoenixX),"Ok the game actually has a back story, a pretty long one.  The game itself is fine as a casual game..  but survival mode is vastly INFERIOR to Orion Prelude.The harvest version of survival seems oddly more fun but still lacking compared to orion prelude. Game load times are significantly slow compared to Orion Prelude.This however does have a leader board so if you can play with friends you have bragging rights - but the game itself seems overly complicated when you consider the 3 basic play modes - Survival/Harvest,  PVP,  Space Dogfighting.There is a 4th mode which is basically just walking around a static base and occaisionally an NPC will give you a mission.  It seems to serve more as a lobby to create fire teams before you hop into a server, and as a portal to the in game shop where you can buy crazy hats or player class add ons.What I also find really ironic here is there are a bunch of character customisations that gives your player an Australian voice etc.. yet no actual servers exist in Australia.  The game handles lag very well however, I saw no significant handicap playing on a server full of non-Australians but the gameplay gets stale very quickly compared to Orion Prelude.I love orion prelude, but this is not an upgrade from that game.  If anything its a downgrade gameplay wise, strategies that are mostly effective on prelude, work Brilliantly on this game.. but too brilliantly, you are basically invulnerable, while in prelude you have to keep dodging the flying enemies or thrown attacks. The maps seems more limited, and very few vs Orion prelude.If I didn't need to compare this game to Orion Prelude I would recommend it, but it is marketed as a followup/upgraded version to Prelude, and against that measuring stick it sadly falls well short as of the writing of this review.But Orion Prelude was considered a troubled game at the start too, so with time and improvements I have no doubt this can be a great game, but at this time it is not.  But really at 99 cents it is a great casual game which is likely to go places eventually and this review may get turned around then.  Don't be afraid to try the game, it still stands on its own merits as a 99 cent game, but dont come in with very high expectations."
,Recommended,407840,21913920,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Lunar Kommandant,"Great game, kill dinos, obtain gear, kill stronger dinos, buy skins, and look coolso far the game is great the new rocketeer is fun to use almost as great as the sniper :)new skins are nice and the hats just need a little more detail unless im playing on low settings and havent realized it yet"
76561198133821938,Recommended,407840,23761911,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Azerbain,"I would highly reccomend this title.  I can already see more playability from it than some of the AAAA titles I have recently purchased.  With this being said, I do not see the Open World aspect of the game.  At this point its basically mission based ""instances"" for lack of a better word. There are quite a few maps. (More multiplayer maps than Battleborn)There are bugs, this is an early access title, and the DEV's right now seem to be in the ""Getting the word out phase""  They do however tell their story more eloquently than most early access titles.  If I see improper english, in steam descriptions written by the dev's themselves. that tends to make me think.  ""They dont know what they are doing.""I have the opposite impression from Trek so far.  This being my first 4 hour blush into the game.  To compare.  This game is far more ready for the public than say ""Kings and Heros"" which I currently own and is also an early access title."
76561198251442742,Recommended,407840,23771783,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Quiet,LOOK AT ME GO!
,Not Recommended,407840,27072871,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Black Coffee,"This game is a lot of fun, the content is shallow currently, but there have been updates that keep it refreshing and hopefully at some point more and more of the features shown will be added. Currently I would not recommend this game just due to its lack of content, but I expect to change that once the game has more content."
,Recommended,407840,28673535,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ุ,"Good game, good graphics, a lot of content.I can understand the people saying that the 100$ DLC doesn't add enough content, OK, it doesn't. But it isn't meant to. It is meant to support the devs with 100$!8/10"
,Recommended,407840,23814057,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,No internet bye :C,i waited a FEW minutes for this to downloadplayed itregisteredwent onlinegame frozeGGwould freeze againbrrrr im cold10/10freezing simulator 2016
,Recommended,407840,21554491,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ashes,Feb 2016 - it's a all-around polished game for a Early Access.June 2016 - This Is A Really Good Game To Just Have In Your Library.(1) They Have Fixed The Model Movments.(2) They Have Added Many Other Items For People To Find And Craft.(3) They Have Added Many Skins And Shaders For Armor [Hats and other malicious things too]
,Not Recommended,407840,24110446,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ᅚᅚᅚᅚ,"I would write a normal review if i could even play the damn game, it crashes most of the time, the FPS is horrible i mean my PC is weak but this is just too bad mate.I might change my mind if i actually get to play the damn game later on but it its current state do not buy mates"
,Recommended,407840,23792947,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[RSM] Slim,Buy it now then forget you own it for a few months.. Repeat until they implement all the things they're implementing..
,Recommended,407840,20193207,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Vinnie's Voices,"With the current patch that just came out (01/05/16) The game is more polished and incorporates 3rd person. Still some minor things to kink out, but this is early access afterall."
,Recommended,407840,24150831,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,GrimGron,I got what I expected for a $1 game..... Worth it
,Recommended,407840,22752940,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,AdrenResi,10/10 best cheapskate simulator
76561198170179586,Not Recommended,407840,30456448,Posted: 11 March,all,Sgt.jay.char,"This game is hopeless, don't buy it, it will waste your money, this industrie is a whole bunch of scamers, what ever they say, i prefer subnautica more then this stupid game, i've been waiting for way too long."
,Recommended,407840,21468532,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jesus,Apart from low fps on my system (which is♥♥♥♥♥♥ this games definitely looks better than predecessor.
,Recommended,407840,23807726,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,240phd,This game is fun but I want to play as triceracop. Great value for 99 cents either way. (Buy a 4 pack if you have friends.)
,Recommended,407840,22767075,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Barathain,Pending Review.
76561198219838023,Recommended,407840,23127111,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,RedEyeAssassin,I think it would be a good idea to make the grenade and knife augment increase their attack  instead of defence
,Recommended,407840,22759849,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,某地瓜,"这游戏有个缺点，我如果不用手柄的话，前后左右的移动将会十分困难，比如，向前移动会让你的人物向屏幕上方移动，而不是鼠标所指向的方向A disadvantage of the game: You can only move to 8 directions by keyboard, because, for example, ""move forwards"" by W will not follow the direction which your mouse is aiming but move upwards against your screen. If keyboard control can be developed, it will definitely become a hot game!"
76561198096113553,Not Recommended,407840,28207702,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,76561198096113553,i Bought this game a while back (close to a year ago) when i revisted it they added less than minimal conetnt but it is only a dollar which is less than how much it costs hopefully they will finish but im doubtful
,Not Recommended,407840,28221492,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Drogon,"Don't ask me what this is, because I don't know. There's Orion: Prelude, and then there's... This. The original Orion game I had in my library went through a couple of different name changes before becoming Orion: Prelude, and then this ""Guardians of Orion"" thing showed up one day. The Orion series has a very sloppy and shady history, and saying this as someone who donated $100 to the original Orion: Prelude Kickstarter campaign years ago, this whole thing is more or less just a failed sham; a sham because a lot of money was donated and spent for a miserable gaming experience, and failed because despite all that money the developers leeched from us, they are still broke.Regardless of that though, every time I give this game another try (""this game"" being Orion: Dino Beatdown, or Orion: Prelude, or this, or whatever) it gets worse and worse. It's a mess. I log in and I don't know what's going on. Either I can wander aimlessly around a boring space station or play one of the few repetetive gamemodes involving little more than running around and shooting things (or even ~just~ wandering around), which I know is the premise of many multiplayer FPS games, but somehow Guardians of Orion didn't even get that right.Apparently the developers are holding a[nother] Kickstarter campaign for this game... Don't be fooled. This is the SECOND time Orion has had a Kickstarter campaign... What kind of project gets away with two Kickstarter campaigns? Especially after the first one led to a failure. It's a sham. It's a waste of money. But don't take my word for it, go ahead and spend the whole $0.99 it takes to experience for yourself just how dull this game is, and discover just why it's only $0.99."
76561198040027211,Recommended,407840,20342195,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Wonderland,Games super fun and they have been listening to the fan requests so far.
76561197968456655,Recommended,407840,23846195,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lepris,"Well, just bought it, started playing it. With all the graphics settings set to max, the frame rate is pretty bad, so I""ve turned just about all the gfx down and it runs pretty good now. I've only got about 1.2 hours playtime thought because after playing maybe 4 rounds, now whenever I try to log online the game just instantly kicks me off. Finally figured out if I restarted my computer.... or steam, or both it fixed it.Gameplay is a lot like Orion Prelude, but now you can switch your view from topdown, to over shoulder, to FPS if you like. Most of the mechanics seem to work well, still some bugs here and there like sound positioning, animations, Let's just say it's very ambitious so far and there's still a lot of smoothing out to do."
,Recommended,407840,23844461,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Silicone Jacket,LOOK AT ME GO!10/10 would look at me go again
76561198168837410,Recommended,407840,23363535,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,GetSomeBaby,"""Look at me go!"""
,Recommended,407840,23764645,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nickcutes,good
76561198208769159,Not Recommended,407840,22768484,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,scytheblade666 [TBK],i liked the game and then they dropped a $100 ♥♥♥♥ing pack like dude that is the dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥i have ever seen i thought CoD was badd but this is ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous the game creators need to get thier♥♥♥♥♥♥together they honestly don't deserve to make a profit on this!
76561198156349013,Recommended,407840,23857255,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,k0lossaLL☢,This game is awesome for the price.49c on discount?!Are you fricking crazy?!Butt be ready caz this game will make you gpu go above 75 celsius (hope i spelled that right)I recommend the game and don't forget:IT'S IN EARLY ACESS!!!
,Recommended,407840,23852024,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,y1annis,It's a wave-based shooter with dinosaurs and robots! What more could you ask for?
,Recommended,407840,24917830,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Freik106,The best 1€ game that i ever play!
76561198125673861,Recommended,407840,23739176,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Federski,its ok
,Not Recommended,407840,22376800,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,8GiG,TL:DR - Graphically = BF1 Ultra Settings. Physically = BuggyI love the graphics. Just simply put. But this game is now Buggy AS FFFFF.I usually don't encounter bugs but ONE bug isn't going away. It's a character appearence bug. The appearence WILL NOT change no matter how much fiddling. I don't even KNOW how that's possible! 79p isn't bad for a free founder rank. But if you didn't buy in april. DO NOT BUY NOW. You are better off donating to humble bundle than this.
,Recommended,407840,32042456,Posted: 29 May,all,Timothy Jimmins,six minutes on the menus didn't even get passed the name screen before it crashed.
,Not Recommended,407840,28742602,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Selection,"Welcome to: ""We remade the same game approximately 12 times: Deluxe edition""YES, this is that really bad 1 dollar game everyone hated. Some history: the dev team made THREE kickstarters and all of them didnt reach their goal. The devs then ran out of money, so they made the game TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS. They have also stolen assets from the Call of Duty series. Machinima made a fairly good video on this if you thirst for more information:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WurLQ0XLf20.  Their website is hilarious as well.http://trek-industries.com/The gameplay itself is nearly identical to the last game, not very good and boring after a good hour or so, difficult to find a game as well.Heres a few sources for some info on the devs and the game:http://mmofallout.com/indiegogo-fraudsters-trek-industries-supports-itself/http://www.thejimquisition.com/trek-versus-activision-how-orion-went-from-victim-to-villain-in-one-night/http://imgur.com/koSevCEHope all of this keeps you from buying this game, Im sure there is even more dirt on these devs that I couldnt find.NOTE: I did buy this game when it was one dollar and did not enjoy it along with their other game.EDIT: I was also banned on their forums for talking about their 1 dollar to 25 dollar price change, and they also claimed I was spamming, although it was my VERY FIRST POST.Best part is, they didn't even spell my ban reason right.BEWARE: Devs are using accounts to downvote reviews."
,Recommended,407840,21470953,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,twin0mega,"This game is pretty awesome! For $1 this game is amazing. Wonderful soundtrack, nice controls, beautiful graphics. The trailers and images do not do it justice. I bought it earlier not expecting much. I was very pleasantly surprised as were my friends who were watching. So much so, that they immediately bought copies, along with the Orion: Prelude.If you are not sure as to get this game or not. Do it! It's got a great solo play and 4 player multi-player mode. Wonderful game!"
76561198040002362,Not Recommended,407840,35439832,Posted: 3 October,all,amatotime2,So disapointed in the game and its developers. wheres the bots?  where did the ammo go? auguments? weapons?. This game had so much potential with the graphics and stuff and was destroyed by greed. This game isnt a pay to win....its a pay to have fun game. Without  spending some real money on this game you will die many......many......many times before you can earn anything. Also it just throws you into the game and your learn controls thats about it......so have fun figuring out what you are even supposed to do....so frustrating. So many $h!t games out nowadays with this included. This game does nothing but put you in postions to buy their content. Over it. Oh and not to mention the lack of players.....i womping 2 people were online playing this game before my review......
,Recommended,407840,22736281,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,jazzpuppy,"Each and every promise this game made us, and almost everything we asked for, we got it.Buy this game. It's as amazing as it looks.People are cheapasses and complain about raising the price of the game; don't be a cheapass, this game was made with loads and loads and loads x10 of effort. It's so ♥♥♥♥ing fun, the graphics are AMAZING, what more could you be asking for?! 20$ isn't much, pay the price it's asking you for! These guy's aren't that many developers, how about you support them? Think of it from your perspective; you made this game. Would you make it one buck? OF COURSE NOT"
76561198044730338,Recommended,407840,22055632,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,B33RPACK,10/10 Would let T-Rex eat me again
,Recommended,407840,24802327,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Darth Siberius,It's alright.
76561197993891572,Recommended,407840,24303562,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,rexstuff,"There's a lot of negative reviews for the game, not because it's a bad game, but because a lot of people disagree with the developer's (alleged) behvaiour. It's a bit of a he said/she said issue: people claim TREK deliberately and knowingly stole assets from ACTIVISION, TREK claims it was the work of a single rogue artist who has since been fired, for instance.If all the charges made against TREK are true, then yeah, they're kind of a crappy copmany and we probably shouldn't support them. It does seems likely, though, that TREK isn't as quite bad as they've been made out to be.However, the game is fun and certainly worth a buck. Not a lot of content at this time, and plenty of bugs, but more is being added all the time, and you get to shoot dinosaurs. 'Nuff said. There really is no other game quite like it."
76561198159074804,Recommended,407840,24345181,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,snackdude,good game
76561198126159172,Recommended,407840,24341720,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Momiji-Inubashiri,"Has alright gameplay about 7/10 could be betterFps is complete garbage, it gave me cancer but it is early access so you get a pass.All in all I'd rate it 9/11 for the cancer rating."
,Recommended,407840,24018706,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JohnMiner,"+It has RPG, crafting element.+(Maybe for me only) Run slightly smoother than Prelude+More class+Terribly Cheap (and its gonna F2P anyway, buy now for 1,000,000 ION)TL;DR: Technically, Its like ""If Orion Prelude and Warframe has a son""Recommended."
,Recommended,407840,24345063,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Paul5x,"Personally, I think ""Orion"" is a great game. Sure, it may not have all of the stuff in the ad, but after looking in the files, there's a lot more to come(hopefully). The gameplay is fun, with a nice learning curve (although at the beginning I have to admit I was a little confused. At the top of the screen it kept saying to ""Ready Up R"". I, having no idea what this meant, pressed R repeatedly. Nothing happened. Eventually I figure out it meant to hold R to start the wave. I can be quite stupid at times.), and although the only ""open world"" are the different lobbies, you spend a lot of time there, setting up gear and customizing your character. On the oldest of my two computers it can be laggy though. Extremely laggy. Heads up, if your computer doesn't run ""Orion"" well or it continues crashing, change every setting in ""video"" and work up from there, seeing which setting will actually work for your computer. ""Orion"" also combines everything in a nice graphics styling, which makes everything seem as if it belonged in the world, no matter the graphics setting, something I think (personally) was not executed well in ""Orion: Prelude"". The only thing I can critizice about this game is the lack of weapons, seeing as there really aren't that many to choose from. One thing I would absolutely LOVE to see in the game is a STORY of some sort, as it looks cool and plays well, but it really doesn't have much to offer storywise, as you're not given even a backstory. As I said at the beginning, however, despite that, this is a great game and I urge you to play it. I have no idea why it's getting all of this hate."
,Not Recommended,407840,21337927,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[WTFP] Vintage Phoenix,"Only has servers in EU West and US East, with absolutely no functionality for local or 3rd party hosting. So if you live outside those regions and want to play with online, don't bother, your ping will be unplayable."
,Not Recommended,407840,21044488,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Thunt Cunder,"Well, here it is. Why I can't recommend the game. It's definitely the makings of a tragedy; the biggest work from the developer so far, yet it's praises go completely unsung. To me there just isn't a game here, only mechanics strung together. I should love this game. Dinsosaurs? Check. Explosions? Check. LOOT? Check. However, tossing this all togther doesn't a game make.The trouble starts when you try to join a game. Single player? I'll pass, I know horde games. Survival isn't an option for a rookie straight off the boat. So multiplayer it is. Now to choose a server. Easy, medium or hard? OK, I get that, no explanation required. Item level, 1, 100, 500, 10 000 000? OK, this is getting out of my water. Modes? No clue at this point, just lemme shoot something.Then onto the next hurdle. Welcome to this planet. We call it this planet because we don't know what it is, where it is, or why we're here. Oh, nevermind, this is why you're here. Protect this toaster while it shines light on these rocks. Now I'm engaged! /s.Difficulty? Well, if you're starting at the bottom you are Rookie from Hell! The Rookinator. Rooknan the Gun Toting Barbarian. Seriously, you're shooting fully automatic laserplasma beams at cute little bunny dinosaurs, with cute little nicknames to boot. I don't need loot, I'M UNTOUCHABLE.Oh, loot you say? Well, here is a bunch of . . . stuff. You know . . . things. They do stuff, definitely. That's why they're there. Dinosaur bones? Oh yeah, grab those. Goo! Oh yes, I want some goo. Can I wear it? . . . nope. Shoot it from my assault rifle? . . . nope. OK, screw this, this isn't loot. I'm just cleaning up after things now. I hate cleaning.Finally! We made it, wave 5 complete! We've paved the planet with the corpses of a handful of helpless bunnysaurs, and it only took us 20 seconds! Semperfi! Now what do we do? Wait? A minute you say? I guess the next tiny wave of bunnysaurs needs to steel themselves, so we can hurry up to the next coffee break between ripples- er waves.And now we've won! Time to celebrat- wait. Where did everyone go?TL;DRLots of mechanics that should be good, but didn't get a chance to meet eachother before they were glued together. The game is a reminder that a game like this could be tons of fun. Top Down Shooter you say? A bold move steve, let's see how this pans out."
76561198006652822,Not Recommended,407840,22639737,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,B. Arner,"Cannot recommend this at it's current state. This is definitely not the 'ultimate space adventure and combat video game for PC'. There's no open world or persistant universe, no galaxy to travel either. Not yet anyways.There's no tutorial or any sort of introduction whatsoever.The game seems to be made for people with gamepads, or at least that's my first impression.You see a gamepad control layout every time you load a map.I don't even have a gamepad and I don't see why I'd want to use it for a game like this. Why shove it in my face?Gameplay is boring as hell. You can either shoot dinosaurs and robots, or NOT shoot dinosaurs and robots.The class system and character progression remind me too much of Firefall. Firefall was silly, imho (don't even get me started).In Firefall you have several battleframes (character classes) which you have to level up separately, and they're very limited in what they can do. That's a lot of grind. Why not make it so your character and his profession evolve independant from each other or something?Will wait for further updates. I kinda want this game to accomplish what Firefall could not."
76561198124778386,Not Recommended,407840,20234408,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,acidflavoredham,no first person spiritual successor my♥♥♥♥
76561197985135024,Not Recommended,407840,23943944,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jax,"This game is okay. It's only a buck, which for the content it has is fine, except that it blatantly tries to market itself as something it isn't. It's not ""open world"", there is no ""breathing and persistent universe"", and you don't do any ""traveling"". It's basically just a simple arena-esque based shooter with some crafting elements.Even moreso, in light of recent events I would recommend everyone to stay the hell away from everything released by these developers from Trek Industries/Spiral Game Studios. They've been accused of multiple unethical business tactics, such as blatantly ripping assets off other videogames (most notably, they've been DMCA'd by Activision for stealing gun assets from Call of Duty), apparant employee abuse (Reddit has threads on this) and renaming their game multiple times and then reselling it as a different one (avoiding bad reviews)."
76561198004160592,Not Recommended,407840,21096489,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Vertutame,"If you're not playing this game in side the state or living far from the country, you better not buying this game. I played the game for about half an hour and I decide... I don't want to torment my self anymore! First,I was playing Single or solo gameplay but yet it need internet for doing that and the delay and lag er... how many times do I have to teleport left and right because of lagging? This game is one of example of how you kill players outside the area they're interested. Glitches,bugs,that's what I expected when it's early build and I write this review not mention them because I KNOW IT'S BETA or ALPHA. BUT you make SOLO or single player mode online with no good reason? OH wait! I remember one game that made some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ excuse for themself so they can make 100 percent online game! DIABLO 3! They told us that they can't make single player offline because player would ruin the price of auction house! Okay,fine, if that's your reason, I can accept that! until the DAY the auction house CLOSED! Did they give me single player offline mode? NO! I know that blizzard priority American and korean players but they said ""F*CK YOU"" to anyone that want full experience with no lag or Disconnected issue!  YOU! why do you make it global sale while you can't make me feel fun while playing!"
,Not Recommended,407840,19622730,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TheXGCTv @ GameKeeper.io,"I can't believe you guys dropped the graphics like this? Made us think the game was high in graphics like Orion Prlude but better. I seen a video on google of you guys of people playing Guardian of Orion with a T rex and game all buggy. This game looks nothing like it, and I waisted $20 for gifting myself, and my friend for nothing. If I want bootleg graphics I'll go back to Atari.."
,Not Recommended,407840,21015112,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kuzkula,"Developers are abandoning it after the newest update because it sold between 7k to 8k copies in the first two months. Not good enough for them, so they're going to shovel out some content, then abandon it to pursue ""greener"" pastures."
76561197994134252,Not Recommended,407840,20979528,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Darzok,The game is slow and dull it runs wells but its just so dam slow and dull its not fun at all.
76561198291533401,Recommended,407840,26501710,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ZAZinSky,"Very good game, I like it."
,Recommended,407840,23946402,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,WonderMan,Great game with much potential. Developers put hard work into updating and fixing bugs.
76561198081542501,Recommended,407840,26199324,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Hübblés,Amazing game great graphics but not so good frame rates
76561197985427354,Not Recommended,407840,30823511,Posted: 29 March,all,She's got a great axe,If you think 2 hours isn't long enough to know this game is terrible you are dead wrong.
,Not Recommended,407840,28524314,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,randombattle,90% of the things on the steam page aren't in the game and wont ever be.
76561198074902834,Recommended,407840,26505309,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Crouching Piano Hidden Scoops,Look at me go
,Not Recommended,407840,31729908,Posted: 13 May,all,Wildcard,"might be a better game for a child and not an avid or pro gammer. Perhaps im to old but the controls dont feel smooth, the limited functionality in ""hubs"" including not being able to jump. Sprint speed feels to slow, and having to run everywhere becomes boring taking away from the fun im supposed to be having. Not having a mini map with a layout of the hub or atleast some kind of gps indication of how to get to a given objective, you're in space suits for crying out loud, its supposedly 2054 and you dont have a fully functional hud. Honestly I would be giving this game a much different review if the controls weren't so clunky and slugish and felt more fluid and smooth more like COD MW1/2"
,Not Recommended,407840,25767023,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,One Ash Burns,it have great potential but all i see yet was laggs over 30 secs long it make not fun to die only because you cant do anything i hope that that will be fixed
,Not Recommended,407840,24111781,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BrupcatBR,"What a terribly made game. From developers that steals assets and all, to a game that actually seemed nice, but well, it's really bad. That's all i say.3.8/10 -My god what a terrible game..."
76561198061225607,Not Recommended,407840,23751080,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Confused Boi,Didn't get that feeling of freedom when playing instead just 4 game modes and an objective
76561198004951303,Not Recommended,407840,23370222,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mayate,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorTake the free helmet promotion for example. The topic is listed under general discussion rather than as a sticky under a Event/Promotion thread. After a few days and countless posts later you wouldn't even know there was even such a promotion unless you heard it in game.I don't think the majority of gamers on steam would actively read the discussion forums on a new game much less during a free to play weekend.It does seem rather sore of them to say no you missed the cutoff, you were supposed to log in before the deadline even if you bought the game during the event. I would think rather than to deny buyers that bought the game prior to the deadline their status; they should allow them their founder status due to a small technicality to promote their player base.It's a posted discussions, it's an advertised news announcement and it's in the beginning of nearly every trailer we've made since announcing it.Your Events/Promotion suggestion is a good idea and would be better suited for the suggestions thread, but acting like we talk about it one and done is crap.All that being said, a minimal and fractional number of the gaming population visits forums or interacts on anything deeper than playing the actual game.  Most people never watch the trailers/videos, check the news or read the forums so it affects very few to begin with/Replied to a general discussion thread ""Founder Status"" in favor of granting a group of people that paid for the game during an event period their founder status and benefits, but failed to create an account prior to the deadline period. Gave an example of how certain promotions were not being advertised well and how it can be fixed rather easily. Tried to hint that a happy playbase promotes more advertising by way of ""word of mouth"" through existing members. That in return would increase playbase and the possiblity of increased microtransactions which is the path this developer is taking the game through.However the developer replied in accusation and complete defense. That was my first and only post on the orion project discussion forum. I understand some developers are passionate about their work but a tactless developer can be detrimental to their products and how the gaming base and community grows. That's why companies as well as celebrities hire public relation firms to oversee their customer departments and twitter accounts. (Viewers feel free to read more of his responses on the orion project discussion forums and see for yourself*) I understand that its taxing to deal with certain individuals on a giving basis but its a completely different matter when you're representing something. I didn't my comment was attacking anyone but if I were you should still have been the bigger man. That's the position you're suppose to assume so that others will support you no matter how outrageously demanding or rather reasonable players can be.The orion project is a decent short term time waster. Still early with the usual ""early access"" bugs and low playerbase. Teamwork is going to be key. Unfortunately due to the developer's general nature and his future plans for the game I will not be playing any further. I have a feeling he'll reply to this and defend his statements. I'll leave it as is and move on.The Orion ProjectGame Rating 4/10bugs so far:- players stuck in terrain- incorrect loadout going into map- out of bounds respawn- large dinos can be trapped in terrain permanently- infinite ammuntion bug present without the use of legendary augment (can be manipulated)- no hud bug during- drop pod stays on the ground for the entire duration of matchcomments:- lower body in first person mode looks sluggish, movement does not look realistic when paired with upper body- multiple slow time phases interrupts the momentum of gaming (General mixed feelings on forum)- drops are not highlighted in minimap (creating a pet that picks up loot will not solve this problem*)- needs an option to display a large map of the environment while ingame (can solve drop highlight problem and help navigate terrain to find mobs during redikculous chest wave*)- keyboard bindings are not optimally placed. Players should move their Ability/blink/melee to their extra mouse buttons and grenade to Q if possible."
,Not Recommended,407840,30094653,Posted: 21 February,all,ExtremE#ThereForYou,"Dont buy this game, just dont"
76561198201464025,Not Recommended,407840,22651817,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Unicornsparkle,this game is not working for me when i try to start it up it just shows picture of the game and doesnt start up pls fix these issues!
76561198046667130,Recommended,407840,26206041,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,123,"Honestly this game is a steal for the price its selling at and the amount of content it has, and its pretty fun (more so with friends). Unfortunately theres been a lot of misunderstandings which is the reason for all the negative reviews."
,Recommended,407840,25830549,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Everyday Hero,Cheap and fun. Game doesn't deserve the flakk that gets tossed its way.
76561197966439447,Not Recommended,407840,25620730,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Carniflex,"Bought it cause I kinda liked the idea and wanted to check out the 2d and 3d playstyle.Didnt like what I played, saw and felt during game session.Verdict:Not a rough cut diamond but a regular lump of coal."
76561198055021786,Not Recommended,407840,30817076,Posted: 29 March,all,DKeiser,These were the same people who gave ORION Dinosaur beatdownThe same people who gave Dinosaur HordeThe same people who gave PreludeWhat do they all have in common?They're terrible.What are you expecting with another installment?
76561198156779959,Not Recommended,407840,24124826,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,The somemivix YEE ELITE,"This game was very good and redeemed itself because of the awesome awesome price and the dev added content VERY frequently... Untill you play the actual damn game. If you can. This game is fun, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's not optimized at all and I know i might be killing the game for this crap, but from the added content like it's a real beta, it should run decently or at least give me 15 to 20 fps. I dont expect 30 fps from an EA game. Anyways, there are MANY server glitches mking you♥♥♥♥♥deep back into the main menu, which is weird and annoying! Not to mention the dev had some freak drama with activision.. just let this game get better over time and we'll see if i'll change my review!TL;DR versionGive the game some time, but try to get it soon so you can play it before it goes f2p. Gameplay is awesome tho."
,Recommended,407840,30307038,Posted: 3 March,all,hihi1210,Bought it with a very low price.Couldn't complain since developers got no budget but still keep developing the game and we can see it is making progress
,Not Recommended,407840,30076673,Posted: 21 February,all,Bereeco Scasthe,"I TAKE IT BACK !!!I take it back everything in this game is a con the copyrighting ive seen is cancer i even made some artworks for it on steam and even COD sued these guys for copying gun designs. Almost every gun, helmet, armour and ship looks straight out of another game like Star Wars, Mass Effect even Halo and they didnt even try to hide that is was copyed ethier just straight out copyed.Trek Industries, the DCMA and the mostly negative reviews (32% positive) you earned it.The only time that the devs done anything on this game was when i reported and put the artwork up for copyright on their helmets like 5 of them where copyed and the ""Fettuccini"" helmet is boba fetts helmet straight out with no editing at all they just painted it blue.Pros:-Cons:- repetitive grind- gets old- 10 players???- content copyed from: halo, mass effect, star wars, Call of duty, TF2- optimisation is bad- maps are bland- FPS drop alot- takes 2 or 3 relauches to get it working- crashes alot- player can freeze and force restart sometimes on menu station- cancer copyright- PVP broken- devs need to research on copyright- lag- lag- lag- they dont even try to hide the copyright"
,Recommended,407840,20982487,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Terzettprinz,I really enjoy this masterpiece. I think it's an important step for gaming in the 21th century. If I could choose between this game and 1.000.000 other games. I would still choose this miracle of a game. Sometimes I wish I could stick it up my butt. I love this game.
,Not Recommended,407840,25634237,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Arrow,All EU servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game has horrible hit reg with high ping. Only play this game if you are from US.
,Not Recommended,407840,24761468,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Vladimir,"nothing like an mmo. isn't a persistent open world. you just pick a mission and get beamed down, beat the mission, and then exit the mission. if you can even beat the mission because often it scatters your team sometimes even at the 4 corners of the map. even if the mission objective moves halfway across the map, it keeps the same spawnpoint, so if you join late you're nowhere near your team.im not even gonna mention what the dev did btw. this is the age of google. educate yourself, its not my job to do it for you."
,Recommended,407840,26342384,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,pepsi_Lepsy,I LOVE IT BUY IT
,Recommended,407840,21569220,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cheerilee,this game is okay but not as good frist one witch i love to death this one i thinkneeds work and will keep playing see how it  turns out over timehope it gets better
76561198345201161,Not Recommended,407840,31614875,Posted: 7 May,all,Sharkski,i would give it 5 out of 10
,Not Recommended,407840,24185932,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Franny,- Has some features made by stolen assets from other games- Not really fun- Not polished- Not optimized- The lead developer is arrogant and known to do wrong things like fire interns without pay.Just don't buy it! Your are supporting a disgrace to the gamnig industry!!
,Recommended,407840,24203256,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DovahCheese,"this game is great for short bursts of gameplay, not for repeated playthroughs for over dozens of hours at a time, the game is still in early acces and you should you doubt that the game is enjoyable, you should instead wait for a few months before checking in again, hopefully things get better, the devs have confirmed support until the next few years.As per the few recent controversies, while i believe that while they are indeed bad and require to be corrected, i too believe in taking people by their word, so hopefully this recent event will prove to remind the devs that every crime will have it's punishments, i would pray that they do not repeat such mistakes again.the game as of right now contains 2 game modes in around 5 maps i think, with 8 characters last i checked, they have promised to update the game and add content for as long as people are playing, for the love of god they had better follow through in their promise, if not then they will find one of their most loyal fans turning himself, and every person he could find against"
,Not Recommended,407840,24662176,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,LouD Rybred,I HATE THIS GAME-Laggy-Horrible ServersTrash sequel
76561198119630863,Not Recommended,407840,24450894,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The High Ground,"*saw the game for $1**decided it's just a dollar, can tbe that bad**booted up the game**game won't load**it still won't load**three days later, I get the opening screen**it looks like internet explorer and a potatoe had a baby**movement was really slow**noticed the awkward lobby system**got bored**quit the game*Don't trust the $1 gimmick. It ain't worth even that. Get plauge inc or something on iOS for the same price, and a lot more fun."
,Recommended,407840,25025862,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Fireeagle711,"The Game is awsome I'm re-writing my review to say to all peoples who wants to buy/dowload (F2P will incom) that this game, will be one of the best MMORPGs that you'll can play, there's PvE PvP and more incoming with Mecha and OPEN WORLD, Who ever expected to play an OPEN WORLD game for this cheap !The devs love their community, and I got a great hope on David's job.Have Fun playing the game."
76561198057752567,Not Recommended,407840,22670415,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,NeoMandalore,"Current Opinion - Strongly do not recommend.Pros:Low price / free play time, gives the impression the developers are trying to get traction.Cons:Long loading times, seemingly random in nature.  You'll start the game one time and it will come up fairly quickly.  Other times, go watch some TV while you wait.  Same thing goes for going online.When browsing for a game to join, there are no options to filter games or to sort the list by any of the server properties (i.e. difficulty, ping, map, etc)Also, while not a major issue, there is no keyboard support while trying to create a character in offline mode.I only managed to join a friend's game once and it must have been luck.  I repeatedly tried to connect up with my friend and the game refused to allow me to.I can't recommend this game at all at this point.  They continue to focus on content when the framework is severely broken.  Don't ask me my opinions of the ""game"" part the program when you haven't even bothered to ensure I get there."
76561198026293870,Recommended,407840,20985262,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,McGriddle336,i had a choice:1 Dos XX 24 o.z. ($2.69) plus taxGuardians of Orion ($1.99) plus taxWise decision young one.
,Recommended,407840,23944368,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bubby0304,"Before you read this review please take note that this is an EARLY ACCESS review. Things I say may change in time, and things may still be the same. Now with that out of the way, lets talk about an awesome game for a great prices (1$). I will start with the very short list of cons. The only major con I see in this game is about the coins. Coins are basically the major currency of this game. With said coins you can buy new helmets,new armor,crates for weapon augments (talked about later in review) and you can even buy new guardians,the characters you play as. Now the coins themselves have a great purpose due to how many things you can buy with them and the way you get them is not bad at all. The thing that is bad about these coins however is that in order to even have a chancer to buy an average amount of items (or even 1 guardian) you need to have a good amount of coins. I think the prices are alright the way they are but the amount of coins you recieve for doing daily missions is kind of low. Most missions give 75 to 100 (if lucky) if you complete them. This means for a guardian (given you already have the 6000 coins for just starting) it will take 40 missions just to buy 1 guardian (and that is if you have all 100 coin missions). Now this isnt such a big flaw since you start with 3 but the chances of someone getting all of the guardians is kind of low unless they buy a 100$ pack (40$ on sale). Meaning most players who have more than 2 of the pay guardians probably bought them with real currency. This isnt a big issue as of now but eventually I am afraid when more guardians arrive that the game could become pay to win (it isnt this at this state however). The pro list outnumbers the cons so I can look past it. The pros include but are not limited to,great camera angles,diverse abilities and tactics,neat augment system to improve not only your weapons but your armor and abilities,a (as of now) amazing community of players willing to help guide new players through the game to help them get started,and a willing group of developers. This game is an awesome title and for a dollar you can enjoy it! I would gladly recommend it to any fan of games."
,Not Recommended,407840,22392968,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Maryph|,"I've bought this game to play with some dudes, actually, the only guy i've met said to me: ""im betta than you XD"" and logs off.This game is empty, if you want to play, you should brought some friends with you.10/10 would uninstal again"
,Recommended,407840,26525414,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,QRP,..
,Recommended,407840,25278309,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Zetablaster,is lots of fun when it works and people are on i like this game and its so pretty
76561198127508466,Not Recommended,407840,26634045,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Voordeur Venster,Not even worth it
76561198145610480,Not Recommended,407840,22636509,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Genji Main,"This game isnt what i expected from the description, i was imagining an open world survival type of game, but its more of a battle arena. the ""living, breathing open world universe"" isnt there. all it is is just some maps, no correlation between them. it's a good game, but the description doesnt match the game"
,Not Recommended,407840,23738518,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,HOT GARBAGE,Takes several tries to open the game and several tries to get into a lobby.
76561198122090323,Recommended,407840,23980144,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,George Bush,"Do you know ORION:Prelude? its a FANTASTIC dino-horde survival game,fun and good.Right now ORION (previously named ""Guardians of Orion"") Has the same.But with better cosmetic store.Better Hub.Better graphics.The first game on history with 3 Views:FIrst-third and ASYMETRIC.But,thats not all,scroll a little bit down.See all that features? see all that AWESOMNESS?! all of it will be here at the end of this year except open universe.How do you feel now? wanting to kiss Devs because only 1$ RIGHT NOW and going FREE 25 August with PvP,Mechs and performance and Bug improves? oh yeah,this game also updates MONTHLY.Go buy it ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198023821941,Not Recommended,407840,30656657,Posted: 21 March,all,(YTube) adelthesuper,well now game is $25 and reset all my gear thats i spent a whole year getting. Thanks alot now you guys gonna kill this game.
,Recommended,407840,24224871,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,QTpop,"All things considered. Games really fun. Plays really well. Concept is solid.Haters gonna hate. But this is a really good ""start"" on something that looks like it will be great when finished. :D"
,Recommended,407840,24259761,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ÐÃЯЌŴĬŦČĦβŁÃÐĘ,I like it and I'm looking forward for better updates!
76561198058335595,Recommended,407840,24346762,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Delkisic,"overall its a really good game addictive, fun to play, i like how you cant predict where the dinosaurs are going to spawn like in most video games these days. i have only found a few issues with the game but im not going to make a big deal about them because after all this is still an early-access game. there were bound to be a few bugs get through. anyways the bugs i found is the drone pet likes to deactivate itself so if you go down in a wave you have to wait until in-between waves to resummon your pet. the second bug is there are to frequently major lag spikes that cause alot of deaths or down. The last bug is the one that pisses most of the gamers off the server browser when you first get into it half the time it shows four matches and others it doesnt show anything so your constantly having to hit the refresh button when your searching for a good lobby to join. overall i give this game a 9 out of 10 until the bugs are fixed then it will surely get bumped up to a perfect score."
,Not Recommended,407840,24528779,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,DU SS/ENG CGM Zero,game sucks -999/1000it wasted a whole dollar....I demand a refund
,Recommended,407840,24012563,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Williham2000,"Well, I've played 22 minutes of this game so far. Will I continue playing this game? Probabaly when I'm really bored. But for a game that I brought for 37p, I am very, very happy."
,Not Recommended,407840,24103040,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Layers[2147483647],"I've seen lots of good reviews, but people were mainly looking at the devs' desperate attempts at making a good game, giving away keys to supporters, not getting funded enough on kickstarter but still making it, one dev selling his car and all that stuff, but didn't even really adress the game, which is full of bugs, is less optimized than Crysis and is overall completely different than what they portreyed here on the steam page, they basically made it look like No Man's Sky when the game is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, don't do the mistakes I've made, doesn't matter if it's 30 cents or whatever, don't buy it, their other game, Orion:Prelude now, is still poorly optimized and there are a ton of mission sounds for weapons and♥♥♥♥♥♥but it's overall a better game, not so buggy, pretty nice to play, I recomend buying that instead."
,Recommended,407840,24145616,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,KIRA420,"Very good work ,this game is perfekt for everyone who likes dinosauers and guns...this game has very special feeling but this feeling is perfect ,i love to playing this game, it makes a lot of fun and is perfekt for a casual round if you are bored...for this prize the game is nearly a presentRESULT:-BUY IT !"
76561198084132181,Recommended,407840,20277831,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ioxantxoi,"overall a great game, however i miss the first person form prelude. if that could become a future option that would make the game all the much better"
76561198153389678,Not Recommended,407840,24108887,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,De17deCajoe,Why isn't this game in my library ?I bought it !
,Not Recommended,407840,24143523,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,NunonarRapa CSGO500,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,407840,24146277,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,YouTube/ProducerTiagoMendes,"WARNING: This is a continued Review, opinions may change during the game Updates or the Final Game Release!Orion Project - Second Look (Review, Gameplay, Faqs and More): <<NEW>>https://youtu.be/O_BFt9E8ALwOrion Project - First Look (Review, Gameplay, Faqs and More):https://youtu.be/GR5iv6CL6n4"
,Not Recommended,407840,30484960,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr Tim the Wizard,"This game has good looking graphics and all in the pictures, and their trailers make it look awesome. The game has two difficulties: easy as pie and impossible. And if you just want to launch it real quick and play a bit, well, thats not possible either, it takes 2-5 minutes for the game to load and then 3-4 to get in a game. Then when you are finally in a game you are met by ugly perspectives and clunky controls. None of the movements are fluid and it has very bad servers causing tons of internet lag.In conclusion it was not worth the 53 cents I bought it for and sure as heck isn't worth $20..1/10Dont buy it, it sucks!PLEASESPARE YOUR BRAIN CELLS FOR A CHANGE!!NOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!"
76561198104160523,Not Recommended,407840,24059995,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Blue Eyes White Faggot,ive had more developed ♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would get killed by robots saying 'cant touch this again'
,Recommended,407840,23993536,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,☢ SIUSIAKIBUZIAKI ☢,so much bug so much wow
76561197970080475,Not Recommended,407840,24110327,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Wolf Darkspear,"Total Dog Turd, nobody plays it, no tutorial, no instruction on what your supposed to do or how to get into a match. Terrible game. Avoid."
76561198067670309,Not Recommended,407840,28592875,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,WeylandYutani,"Ouch that hurts, i really started the Game before the Update and i thought i play a joke of something or that i only play the Demo part and missing something. I doubt that any Update can fix the fundamental flaws but thats not the real issue.The thing is after this i start to read Forums etc and catched up the Games History and couldnt believe that this Game is still avaible cause for its overall illegal activities and scamming Customer attitude it should be taken down already. They intendendly scamming Customers to make Money by resetting Progress and Currency more then one Time already. They profen banning Customers for bad Reviews or any negative Statement of the Game and its illegal activities.I dont understand why People support this kind of toxic and illegal activities and why its still on Steam after all this profen Content of scamming Customers highly against the Law."
,Not Recommended,407840,24161695,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lucidity,"With assets stolen from AAA titles, developers who lost their jobs too soon, and everyone covering their♥♥♥♥♥ ORION is an experience of a lifetime."
76561198110821675,Not Recommended,407840,22664265,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Sail,game sucks right now only because it takes like 20 minutes to load a very low graphic intense engine... fix this and ill update the review.... also playing in offline mode the engine crashes - litterally unplayable
,Not Recommended,407840,24068947,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Crunchy,"So I saw this game for 50c on a steam sale. Wouldn't hurt to try it out.As you can see, I haven't played Orion much. The game simply isn't that entertaining. It's a shooter with dinosaurs. The graphics aren't bad, but I don't play for graphics.The main reason I wrote this review is to shine light on the recent DMCA scene. Trek has allegedly ripped parts of guns from the Call of Duty franchise. I won't go into specifics, but Trek has been going batshit crazy over this, threatening bans and all sorts of unpleasantries against people who point out Trek's wrongdoings. They've also tried to put themselves as the ""good guys"" with deceptive photos and words.There's several reddit threads outlining the details of this. You should really go on google this afternoon and read some of them. But really, save yourselves time and don't support Trek. They don't deserve your 50c.TL;DR, Trek is a bad developer who rips assets and pulls tricks. Don't support them."
,Recommended,407840,23971727,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pen Isman,"""Look at me go!"" Simulator 2016This game is pretty good, based off of what I've played so far. Only thing bringing it down is the performance issues and the F2P stuff. The performance is mediocre at best for my PC right now. Mostly low settings with Textures set to High, 720p. I can usually run many other games fine, like GTA V, Skyrim, Wolfenstein: The Old Blood, ARK:SE, Amazing Frog?, The Half-Life Series, and many others. I'm not bragging about my PC, but I'm sure it should be able to run this atleast a bit better... And I'm not sure if it's just me, but for some reason Unreal Engine games are the laggiest. Is it my GPU? CPU? RAM? The Devs say they're gonna be doing some optimizing, so hopefully we can get better performance soon. I can handle the F2P things just fine, though. It looks like I can get stuff just by playing so it's not like I have to pay for anything but the Elite stuff.Despite it's issues, its still fun. It's an RPG Shoot 'em up Style game where you shoot dinosaurs and robots to get money to buy stuff to help you shoot dinosaurs and robots some more."
,Recommended,407840,21063798,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,乡Skorost,Make competitive please.
76561198236912930,Recommended,407840,22668739,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Google,i have watched videos of this game and they all come up with space exploring none have showed dinos
,Recommended,407840,20838349,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Emperor of Flame,Outstanding twin-stick shooter.
76561198074333477,Recommended,407840,28195951,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TOKEN,very fun game worth 99 cents
76561198142615912,Recommended,407840,28477861,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Raptor,EGGY
76561198147715861,Not Recommended,407840,25141447,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,kitkat,isnt even worth a dollar. go get a mcdouble instead!
,Not Recommended,407840,25003446,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Alex Myth,Slow developing unoptimized game that doesn't meet it's description on the store page and also the developer nerfed currency drops to attempt to sell more microtransactions
76561198202006218,Recommended,407840,23984222,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GolbariX gamdom.com cs.money,good game
,Recommended,407840,33760954,Posted: 24 July,all,angelo07,"first thing first, i didnt know this game require high build pc/laptop. Other than that, the gameplay is superb, had a lot of rpg element into it. dont look at my steam hour (as i use my friend's steam to play to get the hang of it, but i ended up buying after two weeks). and this game makes me wonder, HOW CAN A GAME THIS AMAZING COST ~$1????????????!!! hats off to the devs, constantly updating and listening to community. i highly recommend this game to anyone who ever read my 2nd steam game review"
76561197983609959,Recommended,407840,23746178,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,sentient,"Bought on sale for .51 cents, and I can tell you its worth at least .49 cents."
76561198150309632,Not Recommended,407840,26624892,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,NightCreeper2270,NO
76561198102999556,Not Recommended,407840,26627979,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kael'thas,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,407840,24162139,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ScoutAndDeag(sometimes awp),"I love how the game looks, but sadly, my computer cant really run it... why? well ... motion blur... please, please make an easy way to turn off motion blur, i love the game, i havent been able to even get outside the motherload yet because of all the lag i get from motion blur :/"
,Recommended,407840,20691263,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DANALDD,Amazing graphics
,Not Recommended,407840,28128870,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Zedd,♥♥♥♥♥♥..... NUFF SAID
76561198389727034,Not Recommended,407840,33397289,Posted: 9 July,all,dude188755,i waited for the 7gb download to completeit was donei started up the gameit showed the artworkthen dissapeared from the face of earthWTH devsnot cool
,Recommended,407840,24734833,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DerookieGasell,"I bought it for $1.29 when Discount 90% from $12.99, and now it's became $1???and the worst things is, ""it'll be free to play"" & ""and there are new DLC, called Elite Edition for $55???just wait till this game end the early access... coz the developer already changed the title 4times"
76561198265013263,Recommended,407840,24930205,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Dinoshore,"I don't know what all the hate is about, i spent like five minutes on it and now im in love with it but there should be one thing added, a class where you can morph into dinosaurs and use the dinosaur powers."
76561198071589186,Not Recommended,407840,24034977,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ScrubbngBubbles,don't let the screenshots fool you. Orion is basically halo wars but with dinosaurs with weak AI. Don't pitch in your 50 cents.
,Recommended,407840,24018792,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kaptun Kunt,"""Look at me go!"" Simulator 2016"
76561198059683229,Recommended,407840,24023377,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ron_med,"Lots of gore, lots of action, lots of chances to feel rushed under some time presure."
76561197993699474,Recommended,407840,24267107,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Cosh_Holga,Cut the head off the small dino...get eaten by trex. 10/10 would turn into dino poo again.Game still very much in the work but such a great game for the price you pay and that they will come out with more stuff later on. Regular updates so far so and the player base has been overall pritty nice.
,Recommended,407840,24694143,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Andaus_Gaming,"Orion is probably one of the best games out there for its price. For 1 dollar, you get amazing graphics, some very interesting takes on shoot-'em-up games, and a development community that cares about the players. Big companies like Ubisoft and Activision (especially) don't have the time or interest to listen to their community. And for $1, even if you don't like the game, that's not much money spent.The game is in early access and WILL NOT have every feature added as soon as the developers say it's planned. If you expect that from a company this small, you should just leave. This game is loaded with potential. The same could have been said about ORION: Dino Beatdown, the game nobody liked for its complete bugginess. That game is now the smooth ORION: Prelude that I play these days. The developers didn't abandon it, and they won't with this title either.Even though this game doesn't have functional ironsights, perfect animations and a load of different gamemodes, it has this: a development team that is interested in their community. Who aren't greedy for money by selling $60 copies. Who try to please you, their community.So even if FPS games aren't your style, this one is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,407840,28554658,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hazer,"I have not played this game heaps, however I can say that I do enjoy it. I haven't played it that recently [My PC broke!] but even when it wasn't fully released I was enjoying it, I would defiantly recommend this to anyone who wants to have a good time! However this game does still need work I would still get it. However the price tag has gone up to around £20 (a bit much) so wait tilll it is on sale to get it."
,Recommended,407840,24522890,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,really enjoyed it and it only cost a dollar so what could go wrong
,Recommended,407840,24289450,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Guttter,I enjoy it. Just wish it wasn't so buggy. Don't like playing solo.
,Recommended,407840,24140158,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rub_My_Meat,"For £0.39 you can't complain... but people still do >.>Fun game.Great price.Fantastic with friends.Lots of things to collect, craft and upgrade.It's still in development so don't be surprised if you see bugs, glitches and areas of the game that aren't yet accessible."
,Not Recommended,407840,22736573,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Utilisateur inconnu,Won't start acctaul games just lets me go in lobby...
,Recommended,407840,24158849,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Zytin,"For a game that is only 99 cents and is early access. This game is amazing. There are mutiple was to play by clicking f1. From 1st person, 3rd person. And kind of like the old pokemon game way. The game is amazing as you cang fight dinsousars and as well level up and cuztomize your character however you like. However if you dont have a very good pc. The game wont look amazing at all for you. The annimation need some work and so do the sounds as they all do the same.  Methoprically i mean they look plain. The sounds just annoy me when everytime you use your jet pack it says ""Look at me go"". Hoping that this game go far i'd like to see the out comes of the game. If you got some spare money in your steam wallet. Defineitly come try this game out. Be aware that you're playing a early access game and it will become free to play later on. But if you purchase now, When the game goes f2p you get special perks. Like preimum."
,Recommended,407840,24111313,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lemdogg,"An early access dino slain game with plenty of room to grow, these developers are ambitious, dedicated and talented! Lets see if they can pull it off!"
76561198059388479,Not Recommended,407840,22735894,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Savagepotato45,"as of right now the game is very much incomplete, allowing you to only play 2 game-modes, but i think given some time this game could be amazing. The devolpers have quite a bit of plans for this game, i would keep a close eye on this."
,Not Recommended,407840,24108996,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,neon_cacti,"As if the game was made to be played with a controller. Menu is unusable. Game was really laggy for me, looked pretty bad, and when I got to fighting the dinosaurs I was not sure if the sounds were a joke or not, they were absolutely dreadful.I had high hopes for this game,  but even for 50 cents this all seems terrible. I feel like all they say are empty promises.Also, going F2P? I can already foresee loot drops, aesthetics, keys and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥for which devs will drop the game for, just to make more money out of this.Pros: They advertised this game pretty well and it looks pretty great... looks."
,Recommended,407840,22640048,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Spoopy Spooples,LOOK AT ME GO Simulator10/10
,Recommended,407840,22639893,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kinoveye,"This game will be great! It is enjoyable as is, but Co-op games like this are my jam! Now if only I could find my peanut butter..."
76561198045090071,Recommended,407840,21498635,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Talpin,Its 1 buck for being a founder in a good game.Just do it
76561198072322628,Recommended,407840,22652819,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,123,10/10 best game ever BUY the game u will have fun the end! Bien
76561198088323692,Recommended,407840,22749999,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Rapp,Just give the game like a year or so than get it there are lot of bug right now but it fun
76561197964957305,Not Recommended,407840,31629253,Posted: 8 May,all,Burn in heaven,boring seems like a compnay that shells out♥♥♥♥♥♥for the sales
,Recommended,407840,19493861,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Edgar Allen Drone,"Most fun in a co-op twin stick I've had in a while.I've never bought an early access game until now and it was totally worth it.If the devs can deliver on what is promised. We have ourselves a gem, here.Get this game, tell your friends, and start fragging dinos."
,Recommended,407840,19562375,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,۵۵ RDS Darkhallow ۵۵,Absolutely wonderful to play. Love the camera angle while playing. Reminds me alot of Dead Nation on the Playstation. The game runs smoothly and really has no issues that I've noticed. Drones seem pretty broken atm though... All in all from what I've played so far 10/10 easy. And with later patches and fixes it can easily become 11/10.
,Recommended,407840,19519814,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,batcycle,The game is amazing and really fun. Looking forward to the updates. Keep up the good work!!!
,Recommended,407840,19549340,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,a friendly sith lord,10/10
76561197981057071,Recommended,407840,19505406,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AwakenedSpirit,"I've played since Orion: Prelude wasn't even Prelude and was in it's initial stages. I can vouche that the developers of this game won't cheap you out mid development of early access and quit. They stuck with Orion for a long, long time under criticizm of the game's quality and turned it into something great with MAJOR updates and additions to the game.As for Guardians, it's still very early but it's not lacking in entertainment. The game is currently a top down arcade style with one game mode in which you defend a mobile harvester. You cam pick from the three classic classes and fend off waves of new Dinos and Synthetics on three seperate maps. This game is going to (or atleast is planned to) be given it's classic FPS gamestyle.Don't be afraid to buy from Trek Industries just because the game is still in development, support them and I promise you that they will not dissapoint you.<3 you Trek.Edit: Oh and I just thought it was worth mentioning they seem to be doing perfectly with their updating scheduals and are planning to add a social area that you and 40 players can gather at while you all prepare for your missions. It's going to be awsome.2nd Edit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rR0UQRV0NvYWatch it. Right now.Trek Industries has taken development to a WHOLE NEW level.They've taken their simple little game of run and gun into a whole new course. There will now be Nova City, it will be a market full of interesting NPCs and Vendors.Residence Halls will be introduced, giving the player what seems to be a personal area.The Island, a PvPvE area where players can roam an open island with no specific objective.Open Galaxy Moduel will allow for free exploration of various planets and the whole galaxy.Trek Industries came from nothing and is now working activly with the whole community and pouring their hearts out into this community. It's not just a game anymore. It's an idea, a project. That gives other Devs an example to lead on.This, is The Orion Project."
76561198042498694,Recommended,407840,26762739,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,R.I.P Goose,"I got it for 50 cents. Great game for the price. Thats pretty much the only reason i bought it though, havent played it since."
,Recommended,407840,19543030,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,harbinger moonsorrow,Punched a T-rex to death from the inside.10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,407840,19549053,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ωυנєк кℓαωу,"rly cool, but have some problems like too low difficoulty than Orion: Dino Horde and Orion: Prelude, sec one is that music switching too fast, itsr rly amazeing but u can listen 20-30s of evry part :|"
,Recommended,407840,19524631,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sheridan,"Delivers the feeling of Orion: Pelude, `nough said.But, despite this, there are some things that are concerning me:- General overview over the battlefield is poor, lack of a mega-map and a small field of view makes it hard to spot and engage the enemy- Skill tree is a little bit buggy- Isometric view only, hope that´s gonna be changed someday. 3rd Person view would be enought, otherwise it´s a waste of the beatiful graphic style.But, speaking generally: Not bad for Early Access."
76561198040557124,Recommended,407840,19552751,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Lazero,Game runs very nice. Be aware that single-player stats are never saved. (they have since changed that) so I will check back.
,Recommended,407840,19500674,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LordWesty,"kinda dissapointing that it is birds eye view, was expecting first or third person :(how they will add that you can choose birds eye view, third/first person.PLEASE ADD THISits still ok but I expected it to be more like Orion: Prelude.If I had to choose between that and this i would choose PreludeEDIT:after playing some more i still think it should have first and third personBUTI also think it should a weapon shop, either in game, OR in the menu. on a basis of 1 raptor kill = 5 Creditscompy = 6 (cuz theyre hard to see)etc."
,Recommended,407840,19511789,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MADGulliver,"Come out, come out, wherever you are!Pros:01- Good graphic02- Good price03- Playstation 4 + Xbox One04- FPS ""now available 2016"" lol05- I Love Meatballs!06- New content every month. ""so, do you want more""07- Pyro Guardian he's nuts. "" I'm really worried about him ;)""08- Look, he's up to something very good. I feel it! In my belly!09- This is going to be...EPIC!10- Coming soonCons:Attention: This is Early Access1- Elemental Weapons * fire,radiation, ice, etc*2- Ability *armor for character*3- Halo car or need truc.Finally:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4irXQhgMqg"
,Recommended,407840,19536518,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Roiyaru Kitsune,"With how the game is at the moment, it has a reasonable foundation to evolve into a great game."
76561198165239972,Not Recommended,407840,22685052,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,predat0rguy,The game has really bad frame rate on third person view that makes it unplayable. This is on medium graphics too. You can play the game from an eagle view which does run fine with a good frame rate but if you don't like top view like me then you're gonna have a hard time enjoying this. I brought this for 70p but i don't think it's wortth £7 because the game just doesn't run properly. on the loading screen the game crashes during it but doesn't close though. Once the game is loaded it's back to it's low frame rate self. Even on the pause menu my mouse cursor has issues moving across the screen. The moment i got into the game my setting went to the ultra high mode and it did look nice but the frame rate instantly killed everything. medium setting don't look that nice either and i know it's not my computer as i'm able to run many game with better graphics than this at better frame rates.conclusion: if you like top view games then you will enjoy this as in top view it's fine without and issues but the third person is just♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198174070102,Not Recommended,407840,22682326,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ก๊า,im stuck in loging in loopthat's all i can say and i want refund
,Not Recommended,407840,24137536,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Super {TheTendiesBandit},if you want the better one then get ORION: Prelude. Wait for it to go free on aug 25 2k16
,Recommended,407840,22752069,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ho Chi Minhs Secret Trail,the grafik r gudthe gamply r gud1/1
,Not Recommended,407840,28176887,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Banana Duck,lag.
,Recommended,407840,22650467,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Black Jesus,strategized long loading screens and menus so people get over thier 2 hour refund limit.i see trough the charadecheapium isnt cheap
,Recommended,407840,20994992,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Predator,this game has a great potential.
76561198319871125,Recommended,407840,33543797,Posted: 14 July,all,Spooky Mom's Spaghetti,Great game to play with friends!  This would've been a great FPS in my opinion.  Keep up the great work!
,Recommended,407840,28059388,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zvizgo,"> 0,99€> better than No Mans Sky"
76561198144940421,Not Recommended,407840,28521785,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,NetPic,"Unplayabble laggy and itès not optimized, its fun but you cant play it sadly :("
76561198021883892,Recommended,407840,28152793,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,The Man,its 10xs better than most of the other games on steam now. i wish steam would get their act together and make this place great again like it once was.
,Recommended,407840,23805266,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Iffy the Bothan Booty,Dear Friends. Please buy this game.It only cost one dollar.It's totally worth it.The developer is awesome and they keeps releasing new content.Edit: Apparently those talentless asses over at Activision got it removed from steam because it 'stole' gun designs from future shooter copy and past 2015. Fu** you Activision!
,Recommended,407840,21038345,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,x Princess Leliana x,I could not find a better use of £1.50 if i tried.
,Recommended,407840,24334339,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,MAF10Z | csgoatse.com,Low Settings ---  -42 FpsUltra Settings --- -2542875918657891276 FpsI Love This!
,Recommended,407840,24511075,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DJHeadphonesKid,Worlds best game for $1
76561198058766032,Recommended,407840,24018058,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gaston,"This game is improving fast, from the day I started with it, for $1, to today it has seemed to tripple in size!"
76561198257835988,Recommended,407840,24315822,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,THE DUDE,kickass game. dinosuars remaining
,Not Recommended,407840,20531078,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,mjatteo,"Considering the previous in the series, i expected this game to be just as fun to sit around and have a laugh with my friends. This game however feels exactly like COD Dead Ops with a few other features and dinosaurs. Wouldnt recommend for the incredibly high price."
,Recommended,407840,22559438,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,𝓜ε𝔰𝔥,"I am a big fan of the game but i tried to logged in and it work after 5 mins ;D abd then you got that awseome video but there is no sounds, subs are on but not the sound ;( . is it just me ? ;D"
,Not Recommended,407840,21604913,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Docteur Qui,"Nice graphics, but that's it, most boring gameplay i've ever seenPlease use your money to buy orion prelude, if you want to shoot dinos that's your game"
,Not Recommended,407840,21528863,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,WarLord481,you dont get what you see...
,Not Recommended,407840,23747383,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Vyktar,"This game is bad.It's prequel's we're worth it for nothing more then a cheap laugh. Not because they're fundamentally bad games, but because they we're still playable an fun in an ironic way.This game on the other hand, oh dear, it's defaintely a video game but it is not enjoyable in the same aspect the first 3 we're. It's just not fun, everything from navigating the UI, too controlling your characters movement, having to deal with the abysmal framerate or even just looking around and aiming your gun, be it top down or first person, just feel's wrong.I just don't understand.How is it even possible for a developer to make the same game four times in a row, and each time they remake it, it just keeps getting worse and worse and worse. Until the game is lost in a sea stagnated mechanics, going so far as to forget it's original identity, in slew of coping more popular concepts from other actual successful releases.Guys... just stop, you'll never make a good game."
,Not Recommended,407840,22640772,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,DrawnFlat,"Now since this game is going for something really big in the future doesnt mean it can escape the present.I'm only making this review as a first impressions type of thing. il lget to pros and cons after my suggestions for the game.1st: make video options a bit more advanced I goto the settings I get ""Super high"" it has a fair amount of settings to start with but still needs improvment2nd: Sounds options no matter what I did the UI made a huge noise everytime I put my cursor on them and grenades blow out my ears. (this is most likely a pety complaint but still being able to hear is nice!)3rd: movement is still only ment for top-down 3rd person feels too constricted. (The rol lis terrible no point of using it too delayed)4th: Better UI structure overall (honestly game's ui looks like a rip of any menu)5th: This is a pet-peeve but make the cross-hair not your menu cursor it gets lost in the colour.6th: Explanation of things going on I looked at the videos and played the game and I was strait confused.7th: Game is a very basic shooter (Though I expect gunplay and all that too be so much better as it currently is)8th: Whats up with the controller only controls when the game loads either have both keyboard/mosue and controller or just get rid of it!9th: I have no clue what I'm doing since there is just too much put to you without explanation some tool-tips would be nicePros:Game Functions for meNo FPS drops (I use 980ti idk about other cards)game has a ton going for itCons:Gun play is boring to say the leasteverything is way too basic to make sence of thingsObjectives are either defend thing or go do a time limit thing (make those shorter honestly you can beat them in less than five mins)graphic options are limited I put everything maxed and the game looks like a blursounds are off abitGame UI is bad and basic looks like a mobile port for the buttonsgame is just very basic overall (there are crafting, skill trees, and equips)Crafting because thats what the cool games are doing (not saying it's bad but is felt forced in for no reason)Currently desc/videos/pictures lie about how the game's current status is.My finalish thouights on the game:It's MEH it's not the worst thing I played nor is it the best they are promissing something huge and even making it and a sweet 90% discount but... the game in it's current state feels like a arcade game pop a quarter in play with 3 lives stop playing. NOW what makes me question is Why change this game? it doesnt seem logical to me just change a top-down shooter to this now propsed awesome space sifi game that is ment to be crazy. It's feels like too much to belive for me.Now do I doubt they will make a flop againYes oh god YESwell actually I think they might havea chance to make something great but they just gotta not have another flop.Now for my current rating of the game: 2.3/5 needs huge amount of work but it is a game and it is playableI just can't suggest you get it in it's current state (my review will change as the game evolves)"
,Not Recommended,407840,26553417,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Megaflux,screwed in the poop chute by yet another early access game. how long can this go on steam? at what point do you realize YOU are essentially aiding in swindle.
76561198098589543,Not Recommended,407840,21657769,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Magic Stones,"I payed a dollar for this game and i still feel like the 20 five cent candies from the corner store would have provided me more dinosaur related entertainement.This isn't orion. This is a failed diablo clone. I get that it's early access but it feels more like a flash game then a game you spend money on. It shouldn't even be called Orion because it has only one thing in common with orion. It has dinosaurs.In this game your in an overhed view as opposed to the classic first person of orion. In the original orion you would go in teams of four against hordes of dinosaurs trying to destroy your generator or something and it was fun. You could feel the stuggle at times, you could feel the role each of the classes played and you felt like you were hunting dinosaurs. It mixed the fun of dinosaurs with the combat of something like halo or left 4 dead.But in this game your in a team of 4 in an endless escort mission. You know those really annoying mission from games where you escort the annoying character that serves little to no purpose and just constantly dies resulting in a game over. Thats this game. So to go into detail remember how in orion you were in a constant struggle and all the classes served a purpose. In this game if you choose the assault class you win. Literally you can stand in one spot and as long as you point the gun in the right direction no matter the dinosaur it dies( excluding the t-rex) yeah real exciting. It's like stomping on ants except you have to shoot the ant's with a machine gun except way less cool and fun. Anyways so you go further in the game and youll notice that after 1-2 hits your screen starts cracking up and the first thing that pops into your head is, I CANT SEE♥♥♥♥♥♥ because you literally cannot see unless your constantly moving your head. Not only is this annoying but it also makes no sense. This is a third person game so why are there first person screen effects. So anyways as you go on you finally get a new mission and the title ""Hunt the t-rex"" or something like that so you think to yourself oh hey that actually sounds cool so you run up to it start shooting it and realize you do almost nothing to it. Then it throws an undodgeable rock at you and you instantly die. Now the respawn time is a problem in itself. if you get injured you have to wait 40 seconds before you bleed out which is good for multiplayer but if your on single player its a waste of time there needs to be a way to suicide because the dino's dont attack you in that state. Then once you die you have to wait another 40 seconds before you respawn. Then when you respawn you have to sit through a 10 second tease of almost orion gameplay. Then you try the t rex again realize you still cant hurt him wait another 2 minutes switch your class not do anything to him and give up.In conclusion this game feels empty and has a long way to go before it can compete with my dino candies and if your looking for a new orion game go to the corner store and spend your ten bucks on some dino candies and those little sponge dinosaurs that soak up the water and get bigger."
,Not Recommended,407840,21570422,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Legendairy Cow,Never have i fallen asleep in an action game before.There's a first for everything i guess.
,Not Recommended,407840,30587257,Posted: 18 March,all,Xantain,Prelude's disabled cousin. It's bad and beyond dead. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,407840,31384727,Posted: 26 April,all,Nazi Bear,"you ruined dinosaurs, robots and space"
,Not Recommended,407840,24152100,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Felix Gamez Garcia,SHIT GAME WITH NO SERVERS AND PLAYERS ONLINE
,Not Recommended,407840,26135925,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,mo'fucking bootleg fireworks,"Don't buy this, for the love of god do not buy this."
,Not Recommended,407840,26209087,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,NightOwl,prelude was better and i paid a dollar for that too
,Not Recommended,407840,24095695,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,a pointless reconsideration,Game sucks ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198142284683,Recommended,407840,35108853,Posted: 21 September,all,AvengerofSquids,"This is a really fun game so far and I have enjoyed the time that I have spent on it. The devs are still updating this game and are very active in the community, so you won't have to worry about it being dumped and left for dead. While there is not a ton of content in the game right now, the future plans look amazing and I am really exicted to see where this game goes.Pros:- Sweet graphics, since it was made with Unreal Engine.- It runs perfectly on my desktop, which is a gaming computer but not a super strong one.- Three different POVs: 1st person, 3rd person, and a top-down view. I love this because I do not see a lot of games implementing this.- The maps are large, detailed, and almost feel like an open world. There are a lot of places to hide and snipe from.- Cool classes with a lot of different abilities, ranging from an assault trooper with a jetpack to a tech person with a deployable turret to a warrior wielding a blade.- There is a skill tree and crafting system, which is nice to see in a shooter game.- Lots of character customization.- The enemies range from dinosaurs to invented creatures to robots, allowing for a lot of variety.- In the future the devs plan to add a true open world with spaceships and bases, which I can't wait to see.- Controller support.Cons:- Most of the character classes have to be purchased, and there are a lot of in-game purchases. Eventually this game will be free-to-play, but since we have to buy the game the inclusion of in-game purchases feels unfair.- The current spaceship flying and controls feel slippery and off. Same goes for the player controls sometimes, and grenades just slide all over the place.- The local multiplayer is very confusing and does nto seem to be working for me.- Not a whole lot to do in-game besides fight waves of enemies, which is fun but gets tiring.- Menus and controls are confusing for keyboard users.I have a lot of fun playing this game, and I look forward to playing the finished product. I will continue to play it as it progresses and will update this review as changes are made."
76561198124261876,Not Recommended,407840,22653233,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,greenspleen17,"{Made on first Early Access Release}This game is complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥But what the ♥♥♥♥ did i expect from a one-dollar abortion.Pros:Cons:♥♥♥♥♥♥graphicsThe ♥♥♥♥ing flickering and glitched lightening is trash.The just amazing Bluriness that is a foot away from the player.Like does the characher you play as have seeing issues?Overall Cancerous, as expected.-Terrible gameplaySeriously, what tthe ♥♥♥♥ is this arial-view ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t?I wanted a First-Person shooter, that is fun and enjoyable.As showed in THE ♥♥♥♥ING TRAILER.And what i got is this ♥♥♥♥ing Abortion?I can't see 2 ♥♥♥♥ing metres in front of my own face!This trailer is misleading as ♥♥♥♥!-Cancerous MapsThe level of detail in these maps just goes down the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.All of the maps are a medium sized completely flat plot of land,with the occasional rock or road passing through the 5 foot tall grass.They literally put minimal level of detail into these maps.Either the Map Designers are lazy as ♥♥♥♥,or they all have some critical brain issues.-Misleading Trailers""Explore the Galaxy's Moons and Planets""I open up the game, and realize that there is literally ♥♥♥♥ing two game modes,and a lobby that is just an empty peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥The ♥♥♥♥ing trailer showed a vastly open galaxy,free to explore anything that could be out there in space.AND THERE IS A TOTAL OF 5 SMALL MAPS!This is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I can't even beleive this.-Amazing TexturesThese textures are ripped straight from websites,They literally search up,""amazing xbox controller pic hd""And they take their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of a picture,and put it as the loading screen?WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU THINKING!!!These guys are literally braindead ♥♥♥♥s,that put no effort into anything they are capable of doing.This is the reason why their kickstarter got 400$ out of 20000$.Like, how do you even fail that bad.So Overall, I give this failed abortion 0/10 effort points.Next time ♥♥♥♥ing try.Thank you for your time.- Rumpus Reviews"
,Not Recommended,407840,23964824,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,sigh,"The game is glitchy, you can't get on a server with your friend initially, you have to randomly keep trying. It lags. The motion is not fluid in any view. The action is boring once you do get in a game.Firefall has better everything in these aspects.Now, about the immature dbag of a dev who went all-out nuts on us...Yes, sure we want devs who listen.NO, we don't ask devs to steal or lie or con people of their money.I didn't even want these people getting less than a dollar from me, and put in for a refund. To lie so openly and then start an online fundraising ploy starting at $500 then paying into it HIMSELF so no one gets their money back... to steal assets and play the victim when caught.. to do all this repeatedly throughout a company's history... No."
,Not Recommended,407840,25718270,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,adasdasd,"ORION: Prelude is way better than this piece of garbage, and even that still sucks it's fair few of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993182623,Not Recommended,407840,21466372,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Vigilante Saint,"Pretty basic game, it's just a co-op top down shooter; Hell Jumpers is the same style and it's siginificant improvement on Guardians of Orion.The developer has an issue with Star Citizen and uses his game to attack that project. Whatever your opinion of Star Citizen, the developer should work on his own game and not use Steam as a platform for his own grievances. I'm not comfortable backing a game that might be derailed by personal vendettas."
76561198131955770,Not Recommended,407840,23738851,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Captain Canada,"Simply put, the game wont open. Cant say anything about the game itself, as it just doesnt open. Says it's running, but it never opens."
,Not Recommended,407840,31810654,Posted: 17 May,all,Metal,"The only good thing is that this game was a dollar and it's nicer looking than the other Orion game.The community doesn't help one another even tho the community is pretty dead , the server is usually under 10 all the time"
76561198046707593,Not Recommended,407840,30661778,Posted: 21 March,all,Professor Moe Lester PhD,I could've got a coke for that dollar.. I wish I got the coke.
76561198048048796,Not Recommended,407840,26134473,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,kierankent,not good
76561198182586453,Not Recommended,407840,21419785,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,brock.one,it is the worst controls
76561198133566384,Not Recommended,407840,21602666,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,flyingjudgement,A terrible arcade arena shooter i got the game for 69 penny and i going to ask for a refund.... i dont know who compare it to star citizen but it have nothing in commonOn top the company is shady this game was re saled 3 times on a diferent name and there are rumors that he didnt pay for his developers but still used the assets look in to it i not recommend to spend 50 penny on it.
,Not Recommended,407840,22637463,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,KNGHTMRE,It's not as good as the previous game. ORION: Prelude was better.
,Not Recommended,407840,21484397,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Isaac,Most games > Orion: Prelude > Guardians of Orion > Pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,407840,21470702,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Chewblackka,"Kind of crap. You choose a character and spawn at some kind of ship in an otherwise empty map. You can run around for a while and shoot but that's it. There's no enemies or anything. There's a thing at the top that says ""READY UP R"" but who knows what that really means. There's no way to interact with it. Maybe there's more to come? Wasn't enjoying it anyway, I hope I didn't pay much for this as I don't even remember how it ended up in my library. Entirely forgettable. Oh yeah, it thinks it's an Oculus Rift game but all it does is apply distortion to a single full-screen camera view. You'll need to disable your HMD to play this... game. If that's what this is. Probably just avoid this one as your life is precious and you shouldn't waste it on stupid, badly written games."
76561198064288672,Not Recommended,407840,22099126,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,How Does Bucket,"Might just be a bad patch atm, but I couldn't even play it. Clicking start game in offline did nothing, and when I tried to play online I was taken to what appeared to be a loading screen and waited for several minutes while nothing happened."
,Not Recommended,407840,21095297,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rain,"Peformance is really bad, I run a 6870 and a phenom ii x4 with 8gb ram and it struggless to get 24fps while a game running direct x 11 like deus ex revolution runs at 66fps maxed in dx11 and far cry blood dragon at 44 fps which is also dx11 and maxed besides aa. Not what i expected, too bad really. I already requested a refund."
,Recommended,407840,24981137,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,the serial vapist,great game keeps coming up with new stuff never dull
76561198080188995,Recommended,407840,31888772,Posted: 21 May,all,Moskau,Fighting dinosaurs and robots defending blue crystals on distant planets with fullauto scoped shotgun....because reasons <3
,Not Recommended,407840,22737553,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,夜烏,"It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and nicer-looking version of Alien Swarm. Go play Alien Swarm instead, it's wayyyy more polished and it's F2P."
,Recommended,407840,23946274,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,nrk,"If I had $1 for every time this game was taken down from Steam, I would have an extra copy of this game."
,Not Recommended,407840,26574626,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,A Random Canadian,"This is on the fast track to be the same disaster the way the original ""Orion"" was before actually listening to the players and caring about the game more than the money."
,Not Recommended,407840,24757899,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,braxnu,No idea how ppl can spend more that 10 mins playing this.
,Not Recommended,407840,23834294,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Shiro,"Downloaded the Game, Installed it, Started it, Played 22 minutes (i dont know how i got so much playtime!!!) and deleted it. This Game is just a piece of S**t. 9/11 ,  5/7 wouldnt buy this game again, even not for ♥♥♥♥ing 0,50 €..."
76561198028856428,Not Recommended,407840,28476680,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Leguman,"This game i almost totally empty of content, if you watched the trailer there is at best 20% of what is advertised.At the moment I'm writing you can play theses 'modules':- Harvest : 3st person (view from above) mission where you basicly kill dinos to defend the havester..- Survive: same than the first one but the goal is to not die :D- PVP: did not tryied (sorry I was done for this session) but here you are supposed to have access to the FPS experience of the most wonderfully better game of the universe !!!!!- Explore: walk around maps and... that's it. You can run (slitly faster than walk) but not use any ability, item or anything to explore. As I know there nothing to do than check how's development going I guess XDSo for now no much open-world, quest or space experience in this game (exept for the spaceman suit skin). But ... you know Early Access Game usual stuff hahahahhah==> Conclusion: do what you want!! ;)"
76561198041186040,Not Recommended,407840,32521372,Posted: 17 June,all,Killtodeath,Yet another Starforge :(
,Not Recommended,407840,23989990,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Purplewolfies,"ten minute startup time+not very many people playing, unfortunately im gonn have to say pass"
76561198125153616,Recommended,407840,28520762,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Viktor Vaughn,"cool game, glad i got this on early access for under a buck. this game has come a LONG way from being a very simple top down co-op shooter."
,Not Recommended,407840,32075630,Posted: 30 May,all,CallMeMrNiceGuy [DK],"A game for 99 cents has a 45$ DLC, nah, im good.I would say though, for 1€ its a fine game, it has different guns, classes (though they dont feel very unique to me).Good charecter costomization.But as you see i have only played it 1 hour since i quickly saw that its the exact same as an older game i played of thiers.Gun handling is fine and the sounds are also ok.But thats kinda the problem, its just so MEH!There is nothing it does really well, and there is nothing done so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥its funny.So i would not really recommend it, but its really just a meh game, fine at the price."
,Not Recommended,407840,21431866,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,BOT Doug,No stores no first person feels nothing like Orion not worth 20 bucks thank God I got it for 2
,Not Recommended,407840,21738924,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TE5LA,"I cannot recommend this game because, while it may be early in development, there is no excuse for basic controls not working as they should. If you reassign the ASWD keys to something like the Arrow Keys, you cannot strafe, which is absolutely essential in a shooter.Game developers should follow the basic rule:""Make it work, then make it better.""I have been playing PC games for over 35 years. Something has changed in game development over the years and it's not a good thing. I think the reason there are so many bad games today is due to how they are developed.It used to be that companies sought out people to play test their games based on certain criteria: experience in gaming, their computer specs, their ability to communicate ideas, their ability to find issues and report them. I tested Battlefield 1942 before it was released. Altough it was laggy as the devil in the early stages, I knew it was destined to be a great game.Nowadays, there is just one criteria for testing games: ""Do you have enough money?"" People are paying companies for the ""opportunity"" to do their jobs for them. This is crazy. Not only does this method attract testers who don't really know how to test and people who just want to try out the game, it also makes these people more likely to become irritated when a game does not meet their expectations. After all, from their point of view, they have paid for the game. Game testers who have not been required to pay are more likely to offer valid criticism. They are more likely to overlook early issues with the game.The other problem is, since the game company has already sold a lot of games, there isn't that much incentive to make it good. It's like crowd-funded games. Give me $25 million dollars and I'll try to make a cool game. If it flops, big deal. Did you think a great game was guaranteed?I understand these things. Yes, I knew the game was alpha. I knew I was paying to test the game and find issues, but whenever I find a major issue within 30 seconds of starting the game that will prevent me from further testing, I am quick to make it known. What do I get for my efforts? The tired old excuse that ""Well, this is Alpha. You can't expect it to be perfect.""Perfect? No, but I'd like it to at least be playable. If the controls prevent you from basic moving around, what are you to do? Obviously, you don't point this out or you're flamed for being a whiner in an Early Access game. Fine, just give back my money I wasted on paying to help your game and I'll shut up."
76561198057843477,Recommended,407840,25035854,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Praetorian,"♥♥♥♥♥es be complaining about a game that you can shoot dino's and robots, and it is only one dollar. stfu and get the game. Who needs a storyline."
76561198101139870,Not Recommended,407840,22669667,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,wazza1,best game ever!! It crashes while on the loading screen. 10000/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,407840,22669720,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ShootySnr,Literally anything else worth 99c is more worthy of your money than this peice of crap!
76561198232500028,Not Recommended,407840,24108503,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MasterJoshex,How do I get a refund?
,Not Recommended,407840,24164733,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mdea,Wont even let me start the game.-9000/10
,Not Recommended,407840,24942919,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Huliganu',"NO just NO, console controls in the menu, random crashes, i think i can optimeze a brick better then this game..."
,Not Recommended,407840,24979283,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ruffles PRESUNTO,dont suport this developer
76561198256309781,Not Recommended,407840,22658601,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Droideka,A lot of BUGS.
76561198263516211,Not Recommended,407840,29229222,Posted: 13 January,all,e2 woah,$100?LOL
,Recommended,407840,24183021,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Emperor Of Sand,"I don't Know hwy so many people Don't Like it the games Graphics are great, I know some people said some of the guns looked like COD Guns But other than that the game is great"
76561198080301869,Recommended,407840,32122404,Posted: 1 June,all,Labman,"I absolutely love this game. It's simple, easy to understand, and great for lectures :P. You can listen to your prof and play a game at the same time! Or if your not in college you can listen to an audio book. But for real this game is awesome and I do use it to listen to lectures. And for a buck you can't go wrong."
76561198036714982,Recommended,407840,28789920,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,yarduoc,I got this game when it was at its (very) early alpha stage and since then i love this game. Maybe it lacks a little optimisation but the develloppers are always very active and presents (It's the game steam gives me the most event notification about dev streams and all...) Maybe if you are seeking a complete FPS or TPS this is not the right game but if you want to have fun with friends killing dinosaurs in space or simply want to see a great game evolve and become more and more interesting this is a game i recommend
,Recommended,407840,24182144,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DeViLzzz,"So far only 1.2 hours put into the game but  like with other titles made by this company I enjoyed this one too.  The graphics are definitely upgraded.  The enemies are getting more interesting with robots and drone like creatures showing up.  The idea of crafting and powerups being added to the game has me even more interested in this project than others they have done.  Also the environments are pretty nice looking with the open world being something you want to explore but there is nothing to gain by doing so yet in it.  You are not armed, there are no enemies and so it is wasted space.  Hopefully in the future there will be random enemies spawning there every so often and maybe some hidden loot.  Anyway for less than the dollar I paid I feel guilty already in getting what I got from the game and there will be more.  At it's current price for the basic game it is a no brainer.  Buy it."
76561198120229503,Not Recommended,407840,23478823,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mexican Drug Lord,Can't even start the game. ♥♥♥♥♥ on fire yoMachineId:0CD561FE48D91CCFA511B1BF7C40D715EpicAccountId:
,Not Recommended,407840,24715183,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,OutdoorOne,"A haiku;Orion uses stock music.Get good controller driversNo gameplay, looks bad"
76561197977240959,Recommended,407840,24117214,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RaptorJesusOG,"David Prassel might be a thief, but the game is fun, and who can argue with .49 cents?"
76561198069703457,Not Recommended,407840,32776215,Posted: 25 June,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,90% off..?heh
,Not Recommended,407840,32510157,Posted: 17 June,all,Dewdewdew,not reccomended
,Not Recommended,407840,31512773,Posted: 2 May,all,Werdan (FR/ENG),"It saddens me that I have to dislike a game, but when push comes to shove, I must.This game is VERY poorly optimized, its animations are lacking, and until proven otherwise, there is no tutorial. The game has very basic gameplay, at least from what I've played (harvest and survival). If you want to shoot dinos, Spiral made a better game before, it's called Orion: Prelude, which is also somewhat lacking, but is successful in the optimization department."
76561198052579908,Not Recommended,407840,32688367,Posted: 23 June,all,WasabiTheOwl,im curious to why it crashes every time i create a new player
,Not Recommended,407840,22837448,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"This is obviously a work in progress, I jumped right to online and the everyone playing acts like jerks when youre trying to figure out just how to playing and what the buttons do. Which dont sync with what the game is telling you. press down dpad for regen gun, nope thats the secret first person view, right dpad is regen. the animated bodies seem stiff and rigid and no one turns on the spot like that. This game appears to be purely for microtransactions not to win that I can tell at this point but probably just fashion and that cool. The game took several attempts to be a game and crashed everytime but got a little less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ each time as it progressed further and further to playing each time, it finally crashed during a game with some toxic community membersThe game play is similar to orion prelude but more simplistic. The game is slow paced at first and easier with top down view as the game will aim up or down for you as with first person you do all the work. The controls as stated are not expressed, everything has two functions as i  can tell, r is to reload, but if you hold r its to ready up and begin a round. same for the roll or hold to jump. The game modes have no explanation when choosing, sure it is self explanatory once youve spent the time.Though this game works with keyboard and mouse or xbox360 controller you cant do everything with the controller. Alot of menu options dont work like PARTY.At this point is it bad, but so was orion:prelude and look how that changed. So in time Im sure this will be a positive review reflecting the fun of the game. For now stick with the older game for soemthing solid online."
,Recommended,407840,22986312,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,chawlate,bad game don't play
76561198025391147,Not Recommended,407840,23740532,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Basque Attack,"The game won't join any servers or anything. It is one thing to launch in early access, it is another thing to launch a product that does not work."
,Recommended,407840,23202059,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sams,"The Main Game is not too good, the good one is when we on free room"
,Not Recommended,407840,24834984,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Xenon,"I'll keep this short and simple, in a few paragraphs.This game is great!Sums up the amount of good content that this game has. Not worth anybodies time, I had gotten it refunded when I payed 50 cents for it. I've played a lot less than an hour, and I realized that this was absolutely horrible within 5 minutes."
,Recommended,407840,26648020,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Grumbles,"Pretty cool for a buck for those are complaining remember this is an early access title so your gambling, but for a buck who cares. If your also mad about the camera angels PRESS F1! to go to 3rd person or first person. the  survival mode is pretty good for the amount of content thats available. i would buy now before the price increase just saying. 10/10 would dino agian."
,Not Recommended,407840,33510457,Posted: 13 July,all,greenw0lf™,♥♥♥♥♥ier than the previous game from the series.-3/10 too lazy to detail its flaws
76561198147781201,Recommended,407840,25531978,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Nathan the Legionare,Realy Enjoyable XD
,Not Recommended,407840,24115689,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,JonSmith2001,really buggy not much to do and servers were buggy
,Not Recommended,407840,28538718,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lächeln | Smiles,"I always said I liked this game because of how cool the developers are, but they opened a testing server and told people that they could join, but after being in the server for a couple minutes, I was banned from it and could not rejoin without a word, not even ""please leave mang..."" ) ;"
,Recommended,407840,32877692,Posted: 27 June,all,Robi_,It is Destiny AND I LOVE IT!
76561198168077870,Recommended,407840,27838105,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Teppei (哲也),Not Bad
76561198126922191,Recommended,407840,25930196,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NoobScoper,nice game for 1 dollar is way beyond my expectation
76561198046492081,Recommended,407840,31222620,Posted: 18 April,all,Dark Mushroom,"Good game. sadly not many players around.kill dinos, kill players, earn gear and in game currency, lvl up, get better gear and kill more dinos"
76561198072787655,Recommended,407840,27827907,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WildPortal,Love the game just having sum problems with the GPU
,Not Recommended,407840,24159147,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TheMoondog107,I don't care if it's pre alpha or early access.  It's unplayable.  Don't waste your money on this.  ORION: Prelude is better than this believe it or not and it's only a dollar.
,Recommended,407840,24022435,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Melon | 進撃の巨人,Good GraphicsGood GameplayNot many bugsNearly freeMuch varietyAwesome Level designNice gamemodesUpdates1337/10no joke it's a very good game for the price of 99 cents.I think it's worth at least 9.99$ to 14.99$ if not even more.
76561198156729190,Recommended,407840,29257600,Posted: 14 January,all,ThePhoenix7645,Very fun game although it could be optimised a bit more.saying this i did buy the game when it cost like 10pi wouldnt say it was worth £19 though.i my opinion its under developed to be worth more than £5
76561198047124968,Recommended,407840,24181464,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[SBRBF] Smokey The Imperialist,"Great Game, Although It has been a bumpy road, they keep deliverering. Keep it up!"
76561198207990825,Recommended,407840,24019153,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,★E1GHT★vac,good game
76561198154721087,Recommended,407840,24399007,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bugsy_The_Dark,"This game shows a lot of promise and right now its an okay game, but thats only cause of some bugs and things that will eventually come in a future update."
,Recommended,407840,24175969,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Richter,"Omg how does this game have mixed reviews? I've been playing it since yesterday and so far it's a solid game even in early access, the only complaint is it's unoptimized but so what, it's EARLY ACCESS. The game's pretty solid so far, once I've played it enough I think I'll give it a more solid review, but for now I must say the soundtrack's pretty good and helps keep the flow of battle going when you're in a match, and the community hubs (is that what they are called? its the two rest places available for socialization and buying/crafting/upgrading/etc gear and stuff.) are absolutely beautiful and fun to walk around in, the gameplay is fun and smooth, and last but not least, it isn't pay to win by any means, which I love :).Now go on, give it a try, it doesn't even cost that much! ^^"
76561198001763682,Recommended,407840,24187843,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,etaksrenegade,"I was a pretty big fan of Dino Horde/Beatdown/Prelude. I had the 3 classes maxed and enjoyed the random rounds added in prelude patch. So when i saw this in steam, I had to give it a shot. Initially I was disappointed. I couldn't figure out why it was looking like old school Commando, birds eye view shoot in a direction and strafe. I knew there had to be a way to change it. All the videos and screen shoots were alteast over the shoulder.  It's F1 for some reason, and you seem to have to do that everytime you start a new match. It should be default. I don't even see a point of that being in the game. How would that even translate in game, when 1 person on the squad is playing with birds eye view and the rest are first person or over the shoulder? I figure he would look like he's aimbotting all the flyers.The interface of the game was a little disappointing too. Looks like it was catered to 360 fanboys instead of pc gamers. But that's not really all that important, pretty sure Dino Horde did the same it's just more apparent in this. Last note on the interface, maybe I didn't see it, but there should be a way to equip your characters outside of matches. That way people don't get all worked up on why you haven't readied up yet. ""Shut up! I'm checking my new gear.""The game looks great. Honestly, I haven't upgraded my graphics card since Skyrim came out so i can only run on medium quality or else its mega choppy. It's intersting how there is a skill tree system instead of buying upgrades round by round. But the skills are the same for each class. So the only real defining thing about your class is what guns you can have and your special. Anyone can spec out to heal or repair the harvester. Recon is great for that, all you have to do is cloak to erase aggro, then continue to patch people or harvester up. Atleast they took away repair while cloaked from recon, that was super broken.I think the AI got a little dumber though. They just stand there and let you cloak knife them to death. Atleast the used to run, biggins would ground pound, spitters spit randomly, there was an attempt. Now they just sit there like ""huh, guess I'm dying now.""The biggest issue is the lack of open world that it claims. I am assuming because its early access, they are just working on the combat mechanics and what not. I am hoping that this game is not just a prettier Dino Horde. Being open world and going to cities and stuff that they show in videos would be awesome. That is why I am still giving this game a chance.   I am not going to be like the guy whose review I read who played 250 hours in a month. I would be burnt out and not want anything to do with it. But I will continue to play from time to time and see how the game devlopes before I say it's amazing or garbage. Also I only paid 50 cents. Whats that, 2 bouncy balls for my son. I'm not too worried about it, he has like 20 bouncy balls.So the first few hours i played was only on solo, wanted to get adjusted to the game before I held people back on multiplayer. Once you play multiplayer nothing you did on solo matters but atleast I had a solution to a problem where I wanted to be able to equip items before getting in to matches. And the hub gave more hope for the future open world for the game. You can wander the hub before joining into matches but I didn't see anything to do there at the moment."
,Recommended,407840,28950535,Posted: 2 January,all,Manu,"Bought it for 0,49 and now the price is 22,99. 10/10 Profit."
,Not Recommended,407840,22735426,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,CaptainSnagglefuffs,un-optimized as ♥♥♥♥ -_-
,Not Recommended,407840,22730209,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Misunderstood Kekistani,that was about the biggest waste of my 11 minutes and 1 dollar. 90% off and I still regret this purchase more than how much that hooker overcharged me last night for the 5 minutes with her.
76561198142139802,Not Recommended,407840,22753546,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,RajoyChipsAhoy,"It's not loading the ONLINE mode for me, dident even bother with the solo mode, unninstaled. a great let down."
76561198007202178,Not Recommended,407840,26739302,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,halpolord,am i missing something? i bought this cause it looked like an fps but i dont see any fps option when i launch the game. Just this crappy over the top game play.
,Not Recommended,407840,22704545,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,byteManiak,"laggy, unoptimised, boring, lacks detail, connects to servers only when it feels like it, completely different from what is showcased in the videos (in a bad way, of course). dont buy this mess. the developers advertise it as something that it is obviously not, once you get to play the game. it might be early access, but the ""real time footage"" looks infinitely better than the actual game, from all points of view. in its current state, it's not worth even $1. a refund is on its way"
76561198211508071,Not Recommended,407840,22754037,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Brynosaurus-rex,"This is the first time I've had to write a negative review about a steam game and for one reason only: IT'S NOT EVEN PLAYABLE!! This sucks because to me this game looked like Halo meets Ark, but when you're unable to do anything besides load the menu screen, that's just sad. I already know that a bunch of people like me are having this same problem, so don't tell me it's just MY PC. I can only hope that this game will be fixed during early access. 0/10."
76561198038919226,Not Recommended,407840,28583488,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ysopet,Doesn't work anymore
,Not Recommended,407840,25138221,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Livid_Lite,I could have bought a CS:GO case and had more fun
76561197998588617,Not Recommended,407840,22962490,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,AoD,"Cute idea - but it's been done to death, in this case pretty badly.  Always losing connections, and when you have no content, 3 maps, and pretty much nothing to do - it's a safe bet people won't be staying long, even if the lobby don't drop them every 20 seconds.EDIT:  The dev's would rather argue with you and blame everything else than work on or admit issues people are having.  Additionally they get fanboys or most likely employees / friends to jump in and comment as well.  No one who uses the word bra to address another person would go back and read reviews for a game they already own.It's a review people - it's not a debate.  After more playtime I have the following to add.The controls are clunky, going from one action to another is clunky.  If you blink while sprinting you need to let go of sprint and hit it again.I have yet to determine any correlation between gear level, your level, damage, or survivability.  I HAD lvl 320 primary mod on a lvl 29 Assault character, and was doing 12-20 damage on dino's.  After swapping out more than once - it started to kinda scale.I now have gear lvl 600 in all slots and still get one or 2 shotted by birds and medium size dinos, I expect that a t-rex should be able to just eat me.If you accidentally run into a dino puke pool while healing yourself inside a healy bubble, you will die.....The days of AOL are gone, and you can't buy anything less than 3MB service anymore, so cockily blaming someone's internet shouldn't be the end all when reporting connection issues, this ignorance alone made me want to delete your comment from my review, but I figured it would be better served showing everyone else your standard response.I really don't recommend this game now, if you want a really well done, not clunky fast paced FPS go play Warframe, it's had everything this game wishes it had and more since it launched EA, and is still one of the best EA's out there.I believe it's free, which is a buck better than this for a lot more bang."
,Not Recommended,407840,34095365,Posted: 7 August,all,Toppu_Kaeru,What kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥is this.
,Not Recommended,407840,30146579,Posted: 24 February,all,WOOZIE HELLCASE.COM,ofc 19 poundz for 4 classes...
,Recommended,407840,23870117,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ThatMoose,WHY ARE YOU READING REVIEWS FOR A 1 DOLLAR GAME! BUY IT YOU CHEAP ****!!!!!!IZZZ GUD
,Not Recommended,407840,22740365,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Abradolf Lincler,"$1 got $20 worth a in-game cash and Founders packBuggy but still early developmentStill did more in a month then PayDay 2 every did in 2 years - Before scamming all usNow we only get the first 5 guardains free, they reset everything and now we get only $5 of cash, they made is blinding ( cant see a thing in the snow) ♥♥♥♥ TREK... Worse the EA or Ubisoft...im thinking a class-action against these lairs"
,Recommended,407840,28607966,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Trevenan,"Really enjoyed Orion :Prelude, was hoping for the same. Had fun but was finding it lacked in depth and got stuck a couple of times. That was a while ago. Buy it on sale and see where it goes. Has some really good ideas."
,Recommended,407840,28661205,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,✪Rick,You can chop up a trex with a lightsaber
,Recommended,407840,26636707,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SkyLord,For a $1 game.It has shiny visuals. Textures are good.The map is big and beautiful.Gameplay is grindy. But fun with other people.Shooting dinos is also fun.
,Recommended,407840,28087081,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,xDeathStar,decent game
76561198052469457,Not Recommended,407840,34059637,Posted: 6 August,all,DUCK,"it could have been something these games, don't buy from this these guys.Also their games have a BUNCH of issues.Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,407840,33939675,Posted: 31 July,all,RiN,dumb
,Recommended,407840,26693528,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Awsum bets.gg,Expensive DLCs but the game's still enjoyable.
,Recommended,407840,34571287,Posted: 29 August,all,Ravenhawkhero,"The base edition is the only thing worth itpersonally i enjoy this game, although it can get very dryworth the dollar you pay"
76561198153653075,Recommended,407840,24950538,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,lisvit,I guess its ok for a few hours...
,Recommended,407840,22660913,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Laviathan,ง่ายๆๆ เเค่กดซื้อ !! คุณจะได้ไปพบ การซ่อม ยานเก็บเกี่ยวเเร่ ในต่างดาว ที่เเลกด้วยชีวิต
,Recommended,407840,24178634,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ryno the Rino,"I'll do this short, if you knew how buggy prelude was when it was realeased that is this game now but as you know prelude got updates quite often and that made it a wonderfull game and the same thing ios happening here."
,Recommended,407840,24275441,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Rtk01,"This game is absolutely brilliant. Me and my friend played it and instantly knew it has so much potential. If you're a fan or robots, dinosaurs and giant deformed giraffes running at you, this is the game for you. I will continue to play this game whilst knowing that any future updates can only improve the game. After all it is early access so give it a chance ;)"
,Not Recommended,407840,24099427,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,WeRaInC LLC.,bad developers.
,Not Recommended,407840,23971972,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kap'n Kibbles,"Do not support this dev. Just look into the drama yourself but this game was removed from Activision via takedown. They ripped a couple of models and then played the victim, among other things. I gladly refunded this game.The actual game is extremly bland and gives you very little instructions. Not to mention that this game is VERY unoptimized."
,Not Recommended,407840,24100961,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Brigand Boy,"Stolen assets. Lies made to customers and press about their game. Threats made to people investigating the entire issue. Deleted posts....A general storm of feces. This is some Digital Homocide level of bad.If it weren't for all that? The game is currently barely worth the $.50 in terms of gameplay. I'd have been on the fence as to whether or not to recommend this WITHOUT all the extra BS from the devs and their recent DMCA. As it is? It's a solid no and a ""refund request pending"" from me."
,Not Recommended,407840,21040345,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Josheph,すみません！
76561198278526712,Not Recommended,407840,21073355,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,KohRupShen,"Very choppy textures , Not the best game.."
,Not Recommended,407840,23972371,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Amplagged,Bought this game only to discover it will be a F2P in amonth. Best 50cent refund of my life.
,Recommended,407840,28520954,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,117x,"hummm i bought this game before it went of out early access which was 1$and the graphic is good, eought said."
,Not Recommended,407840,24025221,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gabi27,Very laggy!
,Recommended,407840,32110003,Posted: 1 June,all,Jacky Cola,One of ~350 Games that I own but never install on Steam. I installed it on accident and hope that will never happen again.
,Not Recommended,407840,24353060,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,[MNI] Icium,scam...
,Not Recommended,407840,24118964,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mr_Buades,"I payed 0.49 euro for this game, and i feel robbed..."
76561198084737322,Not Recommended,407840,21100121,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,micdog,Very boring.
,Not Recommended,407840,31080796,Posted: 11 April,all,Shiverburn Pigeon,it's wierd to refund a 99 cent game but wow it was bad
,Recommended,407840,28766528,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,cyka bylat,lmao i bought this in the alpha and it was only 99 cents
76561198218136252,Not Recommended,407840,26169997,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Imperius [USMC],"Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. By that I mean it's dead, repetitive, impossible to EARN TCs, the currency used for purchasing cosmetics, and the crafting system is ????.So, I mean, I guess it's worth $1?I wouldn't buy it again. Hopefully it'll go somewhere in a couple years. Not for me."
,Not Recommended,407840,32894670,Posted: 27 June,all,JefferyWoods13,STEAM YOU FIX IT CAUSE THIS IS NOT EVEN PLAYABLE!! REFUND NOW!
,Not Recommended,407840,31473487,Posted: 30 April,all,Monge,It's just a bad game
76561198018367507,Recommended,407840,22659096,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Zoulsgaming,Hell yeah! This game is awesome
,Not Recommended,407840,24094476,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Wibes,"Gave it a go absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont know why anyone gave it a good review, baited as ♥♥♥♥ im sad. If you have any sort of standard for the games you buy then buy this just so you can give it a♥♥♥♥♥♥review. Not worth even ftp never mind actual currency.... ♥♥♥♥ing aids....mate told me to get it aswell. So dissapointed, i love dinosours soooo much and i saw a big spiky 1 do a ♥♥♥♥ing backflip....wtf.... this is 1 big giggle to the people that made this game. Jokes on me cus i bought the ♥♥♥♥ing other 1 too, aids man, im gonna do a refund btw guys to get my 40p back....anyone♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for me? Anyway hoped you enjoyed my review, be sure to check out my other reviews!!!DAILY_REVIEWS!!! bye"
76561198082847308,Recommended,407840,28930234,Posted: 1 January,all,Scm1224,lol i got this game for 50 cents
,Not Recommended,407840,24057976,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yakuzoko,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, IT'S GOING F2P SOON!If you bought the Game, return it before the game is going F2P.Also, the devs are Scumbags:https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/4q6xo5/activisions_dmca_claim_on_orion_is_legit_orions/Yes, Activision are Scumbags too, but Trek Industries are the worse Scumbags,"
,Not Recommended,407840,23771377,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,special egg,They can never decide on a name
76561198070674218,Not Recommended,407840,24120585,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,APEX_RAPTOR,"This company is a bunch of thieves who steal game art from other companies and then get mad and lie to thier consumers saying how the companies they stole from are a bunch of big bullies. i bought this game and played it for a while, its a big pile of junk, not even worht it if it was free, let alone $.49. I returned this game and you should not buy it."
76561197966562725,Not Recommended,407840,30644857,Posted: 20 March,all,flyinghitcher,A somewhat messy game that had potentail but has left the path of enjoyment and leusure for some idiotic grind for something that I really can't see a point to.
76561198094093933,Not Recommended,407840,23409865,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Squishy,"extremly disapointed in this game, it looked like a really good fps, but it turns out its just a poorly made shooter, the price may be cheap, but it is not worth anyones time, the animations are terrible and all the graphics are clunky, don't assume i have a toaster, i do not, i have a rig thats more then enough for this game but it doesnt run smoothly,i also feel the graphics seem to be lacking, it also freezes frequently for me making the game unplayable, also i know it says i played the game for less then an hour, but it is diffcult to enjoy a game that looks bland and constantly freezes.pc specshttp://pcpartpicker.com/list/3R42Fd"
76561198213048839,Not Recommended,407840,26570845,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jokercard91,"Dont buy this its marketed as this awsome first person dino killing shooter it's not. This game is no better than a 12 bit 3rd person shooting scroller, there is no originality to the game, equips are boring and gameplay is extreamly repetative."
,Not Recommended,407840,22636794,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,octopussy,"good ""shooter"" trailerbad ""towerdefense"" gameat least it cost only $1not a big deal"
,Recommended,407840,24006524,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Glorxnyak,LOOK AT ME GO
,Recommended,407840,32488811,Posted: 16 June,all,Your Fluffy Companion,"This games is 10/10 the best. It has a great game play, so much fun, and it has a really great support team. They are willing to work things out, just for us. Give them an applause. There may be really only one main task to do, kill dinosours, but there are some other small things that are fun too. Like getting better geat, crafting, total character customization, and all of it together makes a great game. The game is still (as far as I know) under development, but do I care? No. It is awsome the way it is, and better to come."
,Not Recommended,407840,32633399,Posted: 21 June,all,suck ur mum,"It's like destiny but if destiny had no polish. if destiny had no redeeming qualities whatsoever, you would have Orion."
76561198015779056,Not Recommended,407840,21896469,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,[SGM] luke_nadewalker,"what a pile of poop:crashes, bugs, menu hangs, refuses to log into online play.Half the menu system is geared towards xbox control and forces you to input with onscreen keyboard, even tho i have a perfectly good keyboard in front of me... BAD!!!Then the gameplay.... ugh!!!!  Top down or 3rd person... compared to the first game it is quite severely crap!"
76561198058369753,Not Recommended,407840,21453850,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,jargar82,"Menus suck.  Graphics pretty much suck.  Controls are ridiculous, especially in alt view.  Has ""offline"" and ""local""....  With nothing to do other than run around and eventually get told you're out of bounds.  Had more fun building a treehouse for my gf's kids.11/10 Would treehouse again."
,Not Recommended,407840,22075845,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,STOOGEN,"I thought dino horde was a great bit of fun, and bought this game because of dino horde. This game isn't dino horde however, it's a top-down dual stick shooter style game."
76561198203452606,Recommended,407840,24361132,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Penny Tration,Great game for it's price!! (It was...)
76561198013317564,Recommended,407840,29184651,Posted: 11 January,all,Whytestallion,"I'll go over a few things in this review to keep it clear where I stand:Gameplay:Love the gameplay. It has skills, first/third person shooting (plus a twin stick style shooting), upgrades, just wish it had a larger variety of weapons. It does have some, but mostly in other classes. I love the idea of surviving dinosaur attacks and playing with friends. Crafting armor gives a feel that each game could boost you significantly. The gameplay in Harvest and survival is great. I've not tried anything else since, well, I don't really care about anything else. Prefer PvE than PvP. That said, some levels seems to lag making shooting accurately difficult. Needs a bit more optimization. Offline, however, is nothing like online. Don't get the same benefits for having pioneer, don't seem to be able to use my skill points, and leveling up seems to take much much longer. Glad they have it, but not great to use. The online community is....very small. At least when I play (usually 5-9 CST). Be aware of that. It still can be played solo but might be more fun with friendsPrice:I got this baby early access for less than $1. Very worth it to me. But is it worth $25? Maybe. I certainly enjoy it now and would say yes, but to many this won't be. If you're hesitant, wait for a sale. Or try Orion: Prelude and determine if it's really worth a shot (yes, I know there is a lot of differences between Prelude and this one, but prelude is $1 base and gives an idea of gameplay). The $100 version is way overpriced. Knock it down to $50 and I'd consider it. I've liked what I've played and I've just started, so I'd highly recommend trying this game in some form.Developer:Many of you will read developer promises broken. If that's important to you, I understand. But really, I don't care. As long as the basic gameplay is there, it's fun to me. I don't need promises of extravagant things or f2p or any other deal. Harvest and survival is what I like. I wouldn't recommend spending much in game or buying the elite edition, but I will recommend the pioneer edition. It's fun, I can play with friends, eats up hours of my freetime. Good enough for meTl;dr good, time consuming gameplay. Don't buy elite edition. Don't have high expectations for dev promises. You'll be good then!"
76561198139225609,Recommended,407840,26640299,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Tysozz Au,"Dont give it hate, see it for what it is. Constant developement and promising future. Whilst the devs arent even forcing you to put money into the kickstarter?.. i dont think they would jeopardise what they have in this game by saying that, so bugger off you are full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ the future looks promising but does have a lack of players which is unfortunate... if there was a couple of hundred people on im sure this game would be great but its not that which is quite unfortunate to see all the unused content which i wouldnt mind playing if there were players to play it with, but im sure the population will spike when they bring out the galactic/planetary scale. but all in all I hope this game see's a brighter future to what it is now with all the hate it is getting just over a $1 game..."
76561198065271496,Recommended,407840,32120049,Posted: 1 June,all,alberdabro,Good game. Fun past time.
,Not Recommended,407840,23797712,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dadversity,"Couldn't make it work.  Kept saying it needed to install UE4 prereqs, even after they were successfully installed.  Asking for a refund of my fitty cent."
,Not Recommended,407840,28384665,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fosty,But♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was 99c
76561198033369858,Recommended,407840,19459985,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Im baman,"From playing Orion: Prelude to this game you get the same feeling of epicness and adrenaline when you face a T-rex. I love how they've put in the teamwork element of healing each other aswell as the carrier and going from FPS to top view really did this franchise good, because aiming at those small raptors is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in Orion: Prelude. The autoaiming can be discussed however if it should be removed in higher difficulties? I do however want to see more elements such as vehicles, turrets, destroyable environment used as traps (?) and of course other gamemodes (currently only survival)!8/10 gg"
76561197972446483,Not Recommended,407840,22744470,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Vortex,"SO THIS GAME.RIGHT.First glance, HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥BALLS THE GRAPHICS. THIS LOOKS AWESOME!After running around for 5 and a half hours, you Finally find a table (which you use to start the game) after a 30sec load screen, you get teleported to a static camera than is plumeting to the ground with some kind of pod.. thing.You chararcter burst out of the pod apon landing. ITS AT THIS POINT YOU KNOW YOU ♥♥♥♥ED UP ITS A POINT AND CLICK?!?! after playing for about 10 mins we realise that F1 changes the view to third person. OMG SO PRETTY. BUT WHAT A♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME.THERE IS NOT CONSPECT. YOU KILL DINOS THAT RUN AT YOU IN WAVES, BECAUSE THEY DONT LIKE YOU. ITS EITHER EASY AS HELL OR SO HARD YOU GET KILLED IN ONE HIT.I HAVE BUT ONE WORD FOR THIS GAME. WTF."
76561198261924978,Not Recommended,407840,25333857,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,King0fAnimes,horrible
76561198114874754,Not Recommended,407840,23971389,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SpaceCatWarlord,"Game is still broken, needs way more work on it. I can not join my friends at all. I cant even get into solo games. WE need less content and more patch upates on the games main idea."
76561198198159115,Not Recommended,407840,25000892,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,mEmE_LOrD_HeRe,dont waste your money on this game even if it is only 99 cents it will crash and is absalutly horrible
,Recommended,407840,23985724,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,re-JECT,LOOK AT ME GO
,Not Recommended,407840,22922967,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Frollard,"Wish it was playable...Not sure what's up but every 5 seconds in game (but not in matchmake menu) the game freezes, 0fps, for about 5 seconds every 2 seconds of gameplay.  Runs at 100% cpu. I can run all games on ultra with this rig -- something isn't right.  When it's complete hopefully I can make a real review.  Right now not enough to comment on :("
76561198064361116,Recommended,407840,26123485,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,VICΞ,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing dollar
76561198130797609,Not Recommended,407840,33067182,Posted: 30 June,all,Volounkiin,This is a very glitchy game with the worst AI. They are not even inteligent. I would say just get orion prelude because this game is not even fun at all even though I only played with it for 50 min. it was just terrible. I bought it during the summer sale and I will say don't even get it the pictures and videos are a lie so don't do the same thing I did. Either than that the mechanics of it like teleporting and different abilites for the charactors is great it's just not done well and also you need to buy charactors or should I say guardians to play them which is sorta dumb (I bought the elite editon becaues it was on sale).
,Not Recommended,407840,32304088,Posted: 9 June,all,Yokiba,Even if i had bought it for 0.50 euros i'm feel like this game scammed me.
76561198000446169,Recommended,407840,23944291,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kavas Masta,Gud gem
,Not Recommended,407840,28281987,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Tookie,"2 game modes; defend the harvester and survival, both require you to defend the harvester..."
,Recommended,407840,34088659,Posted: 7 August,all,Sulkydrag00n214,Its star wars but with dinos........ oh guns too
76561198024459277,Not Recommended,407840,24951204,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Rayzo,The video was like play the way you want and be what you want bla bla bla uhm ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!It's a mediocre FPS that you kill endless waves of dinosaursgarbage
,Not Recommended,407840,31572621,Posted: 5 May,all,Verdantil,Tags: Multiplayer BasedAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from Library (18+ gigs)Note: Might need to reinstall this for a test again later if they improve on itTLDR: Cant seem to get into a multiplayer game - keeps forcing me to go through tutorial. Going to trust the community on this one and stop wasting my time and remove it. Also the game takes forever to even start or load anything
,Recommended,407840,24831162,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Heroiq,English :BEST GAME EVERBUT LAAAAGArabic :لعبة حلوة كلشبس سيرفراتهة زبالة
76561198051870397,Recommended,407840,24241171,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JustDeWitt,Nice game alot of maps to play on and loads of unlockables.
76561197968560421,Recommended,407840,24018259,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RandalMcdaniel,"Lands somewhere between a high quality indie title and a $60 AAA game, this is actually a very impressive game"
,Recommended,407840,25420870,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Romeep,"Saw this for cheap, a friend and I tried it out.Clicked to play multiplayer, started waiting in loading screen.5 minutes later, it finishes loading and presents me the main menu.Click multiplayer again and wait 10 more minutes while the game fumbles connecting to ""steam"" servers.Finally join seeing the Nasa station through a slideshow.Press w to moveslideshow slows me down to display each glorious frame containing blurry tables and fuzzy textures.As each slide shows my character awkardly power walking to friendnext slide shows main menuRepeate online experienceFinally join a gamesnipe dinos because slideshows help predict movementwe losenext slide becomes main menu10/10 would go to main menu again."
,Not Recommended,407840,23975442,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pikarmol,The developers stole models from Activision and pretended to be the victims when the game was taken down.
,Not Recommended,407840,24102361,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The Merovingian,"""The Orion Project is a living, breathing and Persistent Universe allowing for you to travel the Galaxy and experience Open World Gameplay like never before!""What game is this? I want to play it..."
,Recommended,407840,24146525,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,WhaleOfTheWeb,its bad graphics good game
,Recommended,407840,24111754,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,❤♥모모♥❤,why i cant play this game it said Errorthen i install the setupstill say error
,Recommended,407840,19453057,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vocal Tune,"still has similar feel to the original game but the view is like Dead Frontier only better. graphics and environment are Beautiful and music is calming when wave finishes and spices up when you fight intense new units or Bosses. I would KILL to have the ability to Roll, AND Teleport for all Classes in a certain other game i play, but i can do it here so it's awesome! Each class has different abilities. I chose the Support class to have the ability to heal which only becomes useful when they Break through your shield which you can repair anyways with the regen gun which also repairs and heals the Harvester which you protect in survival mode. The Shotgun spread and range is pretty impressive but is obviously MORE powerful up Close. And i just played the the Assault class and i love the ability to temporary jump over and get on top of rocks which you cannot do as any other class. it's useful too because these assault classes can engage AIR units that have not landed near the ground to attack you. I have yet to try the Recon yet which should be useful in it's own way as well to probably flank behind the Dinos and spray with all he/she has. Would be Great if the VibroBlade or any other sword got in the game besides Knife because when things get crazy and your quickest weapon is a Knife which you can upgrade the damage as you level up. I highly recommend you play with other players, makes it Easier to Survive and the ability to heal each other's Armor with the Regen gun or Heal each other's health with support's healing bubble definetly encourages players to Co-op, Having at least 1 Person as a support is Mandatory with the Party's Survival. 8/10 As much as i love it, it definetly needs more classes, skill abilities, and Swords. Would be awesome if We could be that Boss Robot with twin swords charging at Dinos for a Change. Really Fun even Solo though."
76561197981713019,Recommended,407840,19452263,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Aethelwulf,"Much better then I expected, even though it is in it's early stages.  Definitely worth the money."
76561197995249707,Recommended,407840,19453157,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Fade to Zero,Guys if you are lost like me LOL. Broswer = multiplayer. Play Online = Start a Lobby
,Not Recommended,407840,22763966,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Tis Mike,- Terrible gameplay- Awful Voice Actors- Not really what the screenshots advertise- Not really sure why there are so many upvotes of this gameI ADVISE YOU NOT TO BUY IT
,Recommended,407840,22640907,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Betelgeuse,okay so very promising game but i think it would benefit alot more as a first person shooter instead of top down twinstick.
76561197988692386,Not Recommended,407840,22961842,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Karlfarcry,"OMG! .... why do people like this ?Its restricive and feels clumsy.I could not work out how to do 3rd person instead of birds eye view.Straight away it feels like an XBox port with poor graphics, even for xbox standard, i ran it at 2K as well.Maybe i am missing something here...lol"
76561198155151350,Not Recommended,407840,28299604,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Deer Boi,You either defend the harvestor or defend the harvestor. Great game modes.
76561198095544803,Not Recommended,407840,28269532,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,RavenSpawn,i paid 99c for this and would get a refund if i could.... my issue is the lack of content and no updates in 2 months... i know they had financial issues and if they have gone under then this crap should be removed from sale..
,Not Recommended,407840,34066226,Posted: 6 August,all,morgan the random gamer,this sucjks
76561197966557804,Not Recommended,407840,22682790,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,The Rabid Otter,Laggy. Graphics look nothing like those shown in the adverts. Played 30 seconds and bagged it because mouse was so responsive.Am now attempting to return in for refund.
,Recommended,407840,25960129,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jtgunner,I crapped real tough when i bought this game. Now it hurts when I  puke!!
76561198137688518,Not Recommended,407840,22705923,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,DarkCrow,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥. Warning dont play or you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,407840,28530835,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kingpin,Orion Prelude is better
76561198113374895,Recommended,407840,24174258,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MontyPizzle,"Ok, so this game has serious potential, However you need to be able to explore on your own like they said you could. There are absolutely no servers for this game either, if it were not so cheap i would return it, Make it better and I'll will certainly play this.This game is surprisingly difficult to run, however i can expect that out of a cheap alpha game. I had to lower all of my graphical settings but then i got a solid 60 FPS.This game is currently only playable as a game with a lobby of people, and ther are not enough people playing to fill the lobbies..."
,Recommended,407840,24322667,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,D.J. McSlam,"It's a great game, and worth the 99 cents, because it suits multiple play styles. Fan of COD? They have a firstperson. Fan of The Division? There's a thirdperson. Even fans of the original metal gear games, there's a top-down view. The graphics are great, but the one problem that a lot of people have, including myself is the optimization. The devs have made an amazing game, but they haven't made it for everyone, as some people don't get computers directly from our lord and savior Gabe Newell himself."
,Not Recommended,407840,23991450,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Halew2,"uses stolen assets and is over all not fun, not even worth my dollar."
76561198046932575,Not Recommended,407840,19682412,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Fitzy440,This is stupid. Why wouldnt thge devs continue to improve Orion-Prelude? Its like they got 60% done with a game and had ADD and went to work on a lame top down spin off. I would sell this back if i could. Not worth the time...
,Not Recommended,407840,19691377,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dovakiin3D,"i love the first game but i am damn near disgusted, i boughtt this ridiculaous priced game to shoot dinosuars in fps perspective not oldschool arcade, that is uncool and people will most likely want refunds for this considering you did such a major change between game design i regret buying this game if it was a buck or even free sure but no dont get this it is a lie! THE CAKE IS A LIE!"
,Not Recommended,407840,21667609,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Silas Abhi,I liked Orion:Prelude and love the concept of this game. But no single player and unable to join any one multiplayer game makes it a mess. I know the devs are good and they will change things in future but in its current state it's not worth recommending.
,Not Recommended,407840,24003478,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[HYST] JDM12983,"Not a very fun game - tried several times to get into it.Not to mention, I reinstalled it recently to try it out again and it crash several times before I could even start a match. Then randomly decided to work for a round."
76561198168146583,Not Recommended,407840,23744642,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,EradiatedCrowbar,Getting 15 To 28 Fps even on minimal settings when i'm having the minimal requirements is indeed a problem especially after seeing that trailer and watching the actual game yourself with minimal graphics it looks like the completly opposite of the trailer
,Not Recommended,407840,24099594,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Zeverus,Dont support this copycat swindler.
,Not Recommended,407840,22767086,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,pussyslayer69,pictures look coolwhen you enter the game its a sack of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,407840,24002954,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,"ML ""Auto 4 Life"" Joel",The game and devs are garbage but hey it was 49 centsIf they add steam achievments it will be better
,Not Recommended,407840,22998475,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,mixindave,video is totally misleading to what the game is.
,Not Recommended,407840,26195957,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Sl0ne3,"Don't support this developer in any form. Not only because they stole assets and ideas from other games, but also because this game is crap, like most Early Access games. Just not that bad looking grap. However it is not good optimized, has a lot of bugs and it isn't even entertaining when playing with friends. But instead of improving this in any form, Trek is already planning on more ""Modules"". This game doesn't know what it should be, like the problem with 1st and top down view. The game started top down, then they added the ""Prelude 2"" Module (i think that was the name for it), which introduced 1st person view to the game, however the maps were designed with top down in mind, making them boring flat, with some rocks, trees in the way. You know what would help? A finished, well optimized, bugfree, entertaining game. Not like this. Early Access is way to often abused, so that publisher can get money with a bad game, using the excuse that it's just not finished. (Also most of the ""community"" consists out of toxic 12y olds, that will defend that game like Trump defends himself against sexual assault accuses.)Today (29.10.16) they even started their 3rd Kickstarter campaing for Orion, after two not founded attempts."
76561198035650697,Recommended,407840,34638738,Posted: 31 August,all,☬ Sizzer ☬,"So, where do I start.I play since Orion: Dino Horde. It's amazing indeed, with a kind of buggy things.So now, Guardians of Orion is an amazing game for sure.It has a nice Levelsystem, good character customization and Items to farm, like leveled Items with stats and things.The graphics and sounds are incredible good, and the enemies are fascinating.With the mods Harvester, Mayham (PVP), Wargames (Ship-PVP) and Survival, you can have a lot fun.Only missing the Conquest mode from Prelude, what would be damn good in Guardians.The only problem this game has is: The support. Just a few know this masterpiece.The devs have less support then they would need.Unfortunately and the main reason they have problems to keep this alive.I hope (sincere) that this will change.This game is good. It just needs some polish. With help. From us.Play it, support it. It is massively good."
,Recommended,407840,23946615,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,avnn.ra,Look at me go!
76561198017106315,Not Recommended,407840,26135929,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Bowzy,Worst game ever !!!
,Not Recommended,407840,24101325,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dae,Into the trash it goes.
,Recommended,407840,32683529,Posted: 23 June,all,Doctor Pyro,One Of The Best Multiplayer Games I Ever Played
,Recommended,407840,23784499,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,schuffayyy,potato.
,Not Recommended,407840,23963622,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Meh,"Do not get this game!!!ORION, whilst being an overall OK game for 70 odd p has the scummiest publishers I've evr seen! They were given a copyright strike from Activision about how they stole assets from BO3 and Advanced warfare and tried to play the victim game whilst lying and pulling random numbers from their♥♥♥♥♥♥(RNG was on their side). Also, multiple games are much better than this AND free, like warframe, tf2, Dota 2, LOL and many more. Don't fall for the incredibly small price, it's just a way to pull supporters out from the metaphorical rug of Steam."
76561198062885270,Not Recommended,407840,24101608,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Powdered Cockatiel,"Was led to believe it was an open world first person online shooter, was given a top down barely playable (only .49 cents and early access) non-open world sci-fi ""Shooter"""
,Recommended,407840,24105131,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TIT4N117,$0.49?!?!? Please.This game is worth at least $3Pros1.Awesome Soundtrack2.Awesome views (third and first person)3. Awesome graphics4. Awesome map designCons1..............uhhh
,Not Recommended,407840,30820250,Posted: 29 March,all,Kilreed,"TL,DR : If you're considering this, check ou ""Orion: Prelude"" instead.Common to Offline and Online :Apart from better graphic, it's a downgrade from Orion : Prelude.Small boring maps (yay same looking rocky map in all seasonal variants for most maps)Orion: Prelude vehicles are gone.Surprisingly long loading time.Can no longer buy differents weapons and equipments during missions : but hey, after many hour playing the same class, you can unlock its equipment and voice to other classes ! Wait, I forgot to tell you that online, you need to grind to unlock more than 3 classes (or pay premium, of cour$e)Online only :*Surprisingly rubberbanding even with low ping, even alone on a server (unlike Orion: Prelude)*Boring ""Quests"" added ! I mean, one ""do a map"", one ""go fetch"", and one ""go talk to X"" Congrats, quests complete...........Don't worry, you have uninspired random daily quests after that !*Boring Hub : The points below may be nice if the place was lively or intersting, but in the end, it's just slowing you.............you're randomly put somewhere in the hub facing a random direction between each map you play...........You need to go to a console to acces the matchmaking and another one for your achievements and shop, but you can switch class and gender on the fly.*Suprisingly unsatifying Hakc n slash element added : Loot !..........You must now get loot, and enemy difficulty is modified by ""item level"". (so a new player joining a ""easy"" map created by high level player will get one shotted, and the server browser sometime screw up the displayed item level ! Join a item lv 1 map, and get frustrated to see written item lv 50 after the long loading)..........Of course, like a good hack n slash, you need to constantly update you gear to keep up with your character level.Offline only : weird half saved data. Somehow no matter what I play, I have the passives skill of Assault class and I level it up.Wait wait, the game is cheap, I should not be so harsh ? Orion: Prelude is older, just as cheap, and sadly more solid."
76561198131738931,Not Recommended,407840,23793882,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RocketManDave,"Only works on windows 10, bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198083744424,Not Recommended,407840,23861064,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Undrtkr,"The game is not what they say it is. I made an account on the wesite and i cant even login with it in game and theres no login option on the menu anywere. I try to make a game offline and the game keeps crashing when theres nothing wrong with. If some one can help me fine, but this post is staying the same untill then."
,Recommended,407840,25125088,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Depressed Gamer Dad,"This is one of the best games I have ever played.  I know people are concerned and say ""they stole textures"" or ""this game isn't original enough"", but honestly, if you write those kinds of reviews than you obviously played the game for 5 minutes and then wrote a nasty review.  I just got out of a great pvp game, and I can tell you it is totally unique.  Even if the textures ARE similar to other games, which, frankly, I don't see, this game has unique mechanicanics that obviously took alot of time to create. Buy this game. The fact that it is only .99 cents blows my mind, as the gameplay mechanics are better already in beta than any call of duty (which cost 60 dollars) could ever be.  Keep it up ORION team!"
,Recommended,407840,25203255,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Ranger,"Got it on sale for half a buck, never even played it, 18 minutes of loading screen before it crashes.10/10 would buy again for half a buck."
,Recommended,407840,24078134,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,r5ooo1,Dat framerate!
76561198176891026,Not Recommended,407840,31684667,Posted: 11 May,all,PunkGuy,bad game don't buy!!!!
76561198092539684,Not Recommended,407840,28224141,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,President Donald Trump,Devs gonna be broke rip
,Not Recommended,407840,26423393,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,El Spacko,Ever woundered why it was so cheap?
,Not Recommended,407840,24163746,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sonny,bad
,Not Recommended,407840,23629653,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,bloodkill,"English:I state that I write with an absurd frustration,The idea is great, the technique a sieve, we bought the game yesterday and the first thing I noticed and that unlike his predecessor (fps) This is an isometric shooter (top) and what I like.Unfortunately there are some Misbehaviour which should in my view be resolved the day before yesterday, as the game is in early, because they are definitely gamebrake:1 ° The Server is not communicating properly matches that are not loaded on the list (UI), the problem gets worse if there are more than 20 players connected in the lobby.2 ° After restarting 45 times to be able to have the server list will have the bitter surprise, in fact, the UI does not fit the resolution (in my case, but I also tried 1920.1080 1600 * 900), and from here will be impossible to click on the choice of games without becoming the fortune tellers.The 3rd game in a totally abnormal reaches during matches 100% of the cpu causing freeze (I) ranging from 2 to 4 seconds = death of the character and greetings. I own an i5 4570 and GTX 970.Currently not recommend the purchase of up to continuation of these bugs, once solved and with the addition of a few more methods is a must have.CiawaItaliano:Premetto che scrivo con una frustrazione assurda,L'idea è ottima, la tecnica un colabrodo, ho acquistato il gioco ieri e la prima cosa che ho notato e che a differenza del suo predecessore (fps) questo è uno sparatutto isometrico (dall'alto) e la cosa mi piace.Sfortunatamente ci sono alcuni roblemi che dovrebbero a mio avviso essere stati risolti l'altro ieri, per quanto il gioco sia in early, perchè sono decisamente gamebrake:1° Il Server non comunica correttamente le partite che non vengono caricate sulla lista (UI), il problema peggiora se ci sono più di 20 giocatori connessi in lobby.2°Dopo aver riavviato 45 volte per riuscire ad avere la lista dei server avrete l'amara sorpresa, difatti l'UI non si adatta alla risoluzione (nel mio caso 1920.1080 ma ho provato anche 1600*900) e da qui vi sarà impossibile cliccare sulla scelta delle partite senza diventare dei chiromanti.3° Il Gioco in maniera del tutto anomala raggiunge durante le partite il 100% della cpu provocando freeze (a  me) che vanno dai 2 ai 4 secondi = morte del personaggio e tanti saluti. io possiedo un i5 4570 e una gtx 970.Attualmente sconsiglio l'acquisto fino al perdurare di questi bug, una volta risolti e con l'aggiunta di qualche modalità in più è un must have.Ciawa"
76561198083933190,Not Recommended,407840,28455460,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Thug-Ass Crab,10 out of 10 would not recommened
76561198079251105,Recommended,407840,24415679,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,liquidice2,This game is really good for .99 cents. Everyone who says bad things about it are kinda right like it has two modes only but they are in EARLY ACCESS. I picked it up for .49 cents and i'm having a blast with the game. I mean who doesn't like to kill dinosaurs and robots with HALO like experience? ITS a great game so far and the ART in the game is amazing.
,Recommended,407840,24283613,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,bitingabyss,k
,Not Recommended,407840,22683633,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zeon M.D.,Made me want to kill myself.  waste of 15 cents.
,Not Recommended,407840,24961634,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,family dollar with cocaine,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,407840,24102072,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shakira Magala,"So I bought this game for like 49 cents, and didn't even get to play it, mainly because my PC is garbage. Though I did crash in the main menu, when trying to lower the settings so I can try to play it. I would have understood if I crashed after loading into a game, but in the menus?! If the game was too much for me to load in the first place, the game wouldn't have even loaded up, and would have crashed on launch, with the Launcher App Crash issue that I got when trying to load Fallout 4. As soon, as it got past that point, I was kinda confused. Only time I've ever had that issue before, was when I tried to play Civilization: Beyond Earth, and they requires Dx13, and I'm only able to run upto Dx11."
76561197984770661,Recommended,407840,29234597,Posted: 13 January,all,Nozs,"This game is awesome. The tutorial isnt the best and bugged out on me a few times, but the main game is for lack of a better work, glorious.It needs a lot of polish still on animation (especially on the warrior) and smoothing out of jumps and overall movement (including jump pack jumping). If they can polish up these areas and the general graphics overall in ships and stuff and of course balance everything for pvp, this game would be a perfect 10.It also needs some marketing. This is a game that I see becoming as popular as something like rocket league.Currently, I give it 7/10. Until it can polish it up for the mentioned areas and overall, it'll become an easy 10."
,Not Recommended,407840,31574902,Posted: 6 May,all,JADERNIJ|ALKASHI,it sux it was like open world but its NOT OPEN WORLD you get small piece of earch and 2 terminals for match making so disapointed og graphics are fine game idea somewhat is fine but matchmaking well that sux realy alot
,Recommended,407840,21005933,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Providence,"This is my favorite game, it even looks like metal gear solid on the PS1!"
,Recommended,407840,29873706,Posted: 12 February,all,falco paaaanch,"After looking at this game, I think we have an Elite Dangerous situation on our hands. So much to do, yet no motivation to do it. Yes, it is poorly optimized, but there are games that are worse. As for the $1 to $30 situation, you have to remember, that was when it was in early access, and it might not have been worth as much at the time. I think its the developer's way of saying ""Thanks for playtesting our game"" and not ""Shut up and give me your money!"" Dinosaurs? A little over the top. But hey, its still better than No Man's Sky,"
,Not Recommended,407840,26302766,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Kalmeo,This game never works
76561198074564816,Not Recommended,407840,26307568,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,CanDoBest,shiieeeeeeet
,Not Recommended,407840,30728090,Posted: 25 March,all,squidhat,not even worth the tiny price I paid
76561198142717414,Recommended,407840,35278021,Posted: 28 September,all,2Fast2KeanuReeves,"Alright so I'm a real critic.I have a Asus LaptopProcessor: i7  3.0(max)GPU: GTX 560m 3gbRam: 16gb ddr3I must say peoplet this game is a gem.  Wow I just played a little bit and I'm already impressed.  The music and vibes feel like phantasy star online.  I love it!  When you beat the tutorial which is only 3 minutes long.  You will be transfered to the most ultimate ambitious space game I've ever seen for only just a dollar.  I have to say part 1 was amazing I got it almost the first month it came out.  Such a generous developer really.  Sure it's not free to play but my God when you all see the weapons, loot system, upgraded suit system it's a real prize to see.  The graphics are a treat running on the U4 engine since my laptop is not the best of the best I ran everything on a medium high scale with the resolution at 720p  and wow guys it looks great for not being on 1080p or 1600x900 resolution.  I advice lowering the post processing especially to medium or low because the blur effect will be reduced and it looks awesome in my opinion.   Buggy though I will say but I'm the type that knows it will get fixed in the long run because he did it for part 1, but to those who hate any kind of bugs or glitches I wouldn't get it, because you may be the type that wants a AAA perfect game when this game is a work in progress of being something awesome.So in conclusion picture this:  After tutorial you go to a space station, you will see players join in automatically (Destiny style)  You will see Icons of characters faces on the map.  You go to them then you get missions like finding a crashed ship on the planet or if you dont want to do missions with random people or friends go ONLINE PVE or PVP.   PVE provides Dinosaur hordes worth killing.  The mission to keep the Artifact Machine alive is pretty badA$$.  I will be playing this game I have not found it to be buggy as people say.  I think the gameplay is phenominal,  the guns sound effects and look are pretty spot on to what i picture in a space game having.  And by the way the melee punch itself is very creative you gotta see it.GG WP9/10Looking forward to the space dog fight wars!!"
76561198290999601,Recommended,407840,24191830,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Doctor,"Literally can not complain, it was 50 cents! The graphics are great and so is the gameplay."
,Recommended,407840,24700855,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,123,"guys chill, its $1"
,Not Recommended,407840,19495356,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Nast,"So, I played the original game, ORION: Prelude, and I love that game. So much so, that I've probably purchased copies of it for about 20 of my friends (although I'll admit, the $1 price tag was also a big factor in doing that) because it was so much fun. And when I heard about the planned follow up, I was expecting more of the same.Sadly, this isn't what we have here, at least not at this point. Instead of a first person shooter, we have an isometric, top down shooter, which is not what I signed up for. Maybe it's partially my fault, but it's not easily noticed anywhere on the store page that this game is NOT a first person shooter. It's there, sure, but you have to click on the tags rather than just look at them. Maybe it's just me, but if you're gonna completely change the genre of your game, that should be something that is put front and center on the page, unless the intent is to try and trick people into spending money on the game before they realize what is going on. I don't think that's the case here, as the developers seem to genuinely care about their player base, as evidenced by the huge amount of support and work they put into Prelude, but I'm still glad Steam offers refunds now, because this isn't what I expected or wanted from this game.All that said, I still like and will support the developers, and will be watching this game. Should it develop an option for first person, or should the mod community make one that is good, I may be back. But for now, this one isn't for me, and if you were expecting more of the same as was offered in Prelude, you won't find it here, at least not yet, so for now, stay away. If you're more open to change than I am though, feel free to check it out. What little I played of it seemed well made, but I didn't play long, as isometrics aren't my thing.TL;DR version: Not an FPS like the game before it. If that's what you're expecting, stay away, at least for now. If you're open to isometric shooters though, check it out. Solid developers who will surprise you."
,Not Recommended,407840,30603720,Posted: 18 March,all,TheSaurus,stay away from Trek Industries
76561198023733175,Not Recommended,407840,30531810,Posted: 15 March,all,Jay30mcr,I played this for 12 minutes a long time ago. Nuff said :P
,Not Recommended,407840,23872786,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Catholic and Proud,"On the few times it worked, everything had controller buttons on it. Everyother time, it just crashed with out an error code, just telling me I was missing the characters required to view the code. A load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,407840,24751475,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,RecklessDwark,"No, just no. Prob gonna get banned but the dev is a scumbag, the game may be alright, but dont waste your money supporting this company."
76561198119507622,Recommended,407840,19570317,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,WankerShim,i love the music in the backround
76561198262655803,Not Recommended,407840,30632217,Posted: 20 March,all,BloodGutsandApples,Bought this game for 99c ages ago. To this day the game has never actually been playable. A little picture shows up and it becomes a background process. What joys.
76561198054387695,Recommended,407840,34261760,Posted: 15 August,all,Generation117,One of the best games I've ever played!
,Not Recommended,407840,23368961,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Motabilla,"The third/first person mode runs at 20fps this game needs a lot of more work before it should have been released.EDIT: Due to the recent patches the game runs much better than it used to, but stuttering and frame drops still occur."
,Recommended,407840,24124780,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mwen,"I just bought it 'cause Activision, but I did get a rush out of the first T-Rex. Fight the man."
76561197983732807,Recommended,407840,28770751,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rimshot,"I'd Buy That For A Dollar. how do they make money? Dont listen to the reviews from such a toxic/Sore comunityNew Review March 22 2017,In Summary I can play this. its not warframe or firefall or tribes but the price is right at $1 to start out. It is NOT Pay to Win. To me its still not worth more than $10 to me for the 2nd package (Pioneer) but w/e map packs are more than that for somegames. you get a nice Co-op dino killing game and fun PvP.This game is made for the casual gamer with an old PC like - PS3 Old Specs. Content at this point feels lacking but growing. still Fun - they are still developing.The Community has alot of complainers and the bad reviews seem way more than game like this deserves. alot of early release titles get this treatment. I see past the bad reviews/toxic comunity. Make up your own mind and Try this yourselfThey just updated the game. It is Optimised and Runs So Smooth. New Prices give a start price of $1. I am not sure how much in game coins you can earn to buy all guardians with. In game achievements and daily goals Pay once but i think the coins keep comming if you play certain gamemodes. But. the Devs have upgraded accounts a couple times now and for $1 I now have Elite Status. Feel that was a lucky Gift that i never expected TYVM Trek. I am sure we will see this happen again in future updates.In game store. only cosmetic. i think people pay for crafting materials to pay to win but its random stats on the items they craft so more like pay to gamble on a chance at nice gearThe Co-Op Gameplay is very Replayable for a while. as long as they keep updating content Guardians of Orion (GoO) should keep active players. As of now I dont think single player mode gives you any reward but is a fun way to practice when Steam Network Crashes/Gets Hacked.The Equipment and Difficulty is tied together so the grind is more about farming Legendary Gear/Crafting Mats and not so much of a character level. getting to guardian max level is pretty fast and easy. you can be a max level and the difficulty still based on players average gear level.The Devs do Pop in and play and you know they are enjoying the game too. not just for the quick buck. dont care what the reviews say. my account was wiped when beta came out too. who cares. I doupt it will get wipped again. Unless some hacker steals/cheats again. you better not ruin it for me again or i will snail mail you a dirty diaper.PVP is so much fun when you can get people to join in. I understand the levels and gear do not count in pvp to keep it even and more baseed on twitch skill rather than how much time you level and grind. PVP is Awsome, Unreal Engine (pretty sure thats the engine) handles Multyplayer very well.Pro - Optimized now so my old pc runs on highest settings. Visually its like any dx10 FPS game- The Devs are here with us and do listen. Although the comunity has horible complainers they still listen to the people.- Waves of Dino's and Robots. Fun enough- PvP is even play field so casual player or hard core player is only based on your own skill not how you gind all day leveling up- Kill Moves - Holy crap that T Rex swallowed me whole. I just Stabbed that raptor in the face. F-ing awsome- Jet pack. the assault guardian has a friking Jet Pack. too bad only the one. Its not tribes- Lazer Sword is so close to star wars how do they not get sued- Space ships - so they need to do a little work to the game mode but they did a start it. Beautiful Maps to Fly/Dogfight- Many Map designs. Simple and pretty but now are optimized.this is getting long so lets move onCons- game modes are limited to pvp FFA and Co-op vs Waves of Dino's + Robots.- So many flat maps. no hills.- Space ship mode needs some tweeks to make it feel less like spectator cam zooming around. you dont see much of other ships. they look so tiny and the speed of them seems like a speck just flew by. but as soon as one is damaged and health bar above their ship shows them as a big red helth bar target. default keyboard feels strange. (Star Conflict feels way nicer and should be a good example to base off)- Only a few kinds of monsters. 5 dinosaur types, 2 or 3 alien type and 3 robot types. all mix together in same wave- Learning how the level system works hurts and requied reading the forums. Guide is comming I heardBig? - Not knowing if they are going to continue creating more features when the next project comes. (what happened to Orion: Prelude. i cannot even play because the spawn rooms broken)- Lots of Promises about what will be GoO but they are all dependant of the $upport Dev getSad to see the kickstarters failed on them, Happy to see game still getting worked on.Old Review from Dec 2016I like this game. it is like 4 player coop servers to harvest materials to craft with and gear to wear. then there is the pvp, that gcan get intense, so far there is 9 character types with more planned. each uses a teleport and has its own main weapon and ability.There is a pvp ship battle mode. its new and is quite hard to master but fast n fun.The game runs smooth on my 8 year old pc and I love using the warrior class with the ion blade (Lazer Sword).Each day adds daily quests which award you with trek coins that can be used to buy new Guardians (character class), ship, decorative armors, hats, pets, skins and of course boosts. as far as i can tell all that stuff can be bought with trek coins.Only stuff you cannot buy with trek coins is the pioneer and elite status that give you more inventory space and give you the guardians so you dont need to buy them.The game is still in development and there is updates planned. its looking like the devs are really doing it.Only part of this all that sucks is Steam. when Steam goes down or gets hacked the online portion is gone until steam is back up and running.Now I paid $1 for this but its worth at least $10 to me but I just got my son black ops 3 for xmas and he cried that he couldnt play with out $20 for a map pack. It really urks me that call of doodie pay wall scam. this at least has all included so far. I hope they give free updates or i will fall behind and play farm ville.Keep Up the good work Trek Industries"
76561198056871229,Recommended,407840,28572480,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,CHN$W,É o bixo
,Not Recommended,407840,25521262,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Dreadlord Jaina,what even IS this game
,Not Recommended,407840,22859105,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Prison Mike,"Pretty buggy and Horribly laggy, I liked the first ORION but this one is just weird, Its a third person shooter and its more annoying to control and shoot/kill. Huge disapointment for me :("
76561198013724550,Recommended,407840,23984295,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,💊💉⠀+⠀👩👙⠀= 😍❤,Pro's:- Look at me go!- Does a better job in early access than Tripwire Interactive- More fun than Teleporting Floor 2Con's:- F2P- It's bugged because it's still early access- Grinding gameMountainDew/( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) - would look at me go again.
76561198199304935,Recommended,407840,24369267,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Fincal123,really fun gamealways a fan
76561198088836098,Not Recommended,407840,24093832,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Im Gay but $5 is $5,game blows donmkey d incke
,Not Recommended,407840,26124010,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,[5S-50] John F.,How do I phrase how bad this game is
,Recommended,407840,19458613,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CdrGrimReaper,"So far so good with this game. Its fun and entertaining for me. I have come across a few issues in game but nothing, IMO, game breaking. Looking forward to seeing the future of this game.I feel sorry for those that payed 20 dollars for this game. I got it for the loyalty discount which makes the game even sweater to play and enjoy for me!!I decided to expaned my review some:Gameplay is very simple, imo. As of this review there is only a survival / co-op mode active. You basiclly have to escort a Harvest to points on the map and keep it safe until the final waves are done. The combat can get intense for me, which makes the game even more enjoyable for me.Keyboard and mouse is the only means to play that I have experience with but plan to give the console / gamepad controller method a try in the future.Graphics and music both are very impressive to me and make the game even more enjoyable to play.I am seriously looking forward to the new content coming out each month.Hands down as of this review update (12/04/15 6:28pm) Guardians of Orion is my choice between Helldivers and Guardians of Orion."
76561198048563745,Not Recommended,407840,23813754,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[Brogre] Kool-Aid,"I wouldn't pick the poop crusted on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with this ♥♥♥♥ing awful game, Alpha or not."
,Recommended,407840,23987585,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Slayze ツ,LOOK AT ME GOLOOK AT ME GOLOOK AT ME GOLOOK AT ME GO
76561198152663771,Recommended,407840,28901412,Posted: 1 January,all,RoRoNoAZoLo,5555 ผม ซื้อมาตอน ราคา29บาท
76561198080819177,Recommended,407840,23384513,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,m9gamer_lol,the game doesnt run in windows xp plz fix? thx
,Recommended,407840,28620002,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Flacid Waifu,No clue why or how i got this game but thanks
,Recommended,407840,29218340,Posted: 12 January,all,DaDrolis,A fun and enjoyable game with lots of diffirent missions and game styles. I totally reccomend this.
,Not Recommended,407840,22862552,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ozzsabat67,Looks like it would be good but it's not. Too buggy to even run. To early of a release.
,Not Recommended,407840,28604451,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,what
,Recommended,407840,22751361,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"For 69p, you really CAN'T go wrong.You get $100's worth of currency too.The game itself is a little like Warframe, it has objective based combat aswell as waves. It's a little rough around the edges gameplay, animation and contentwise.But it should shape up really soon, and become something really decent and fun to play."
,Not Recommended,407840,23975206,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Crackhead88,Complete garbage
,Not Recommended,407840,23762225,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Maikeru,"it not open world. Me and my friend did not like the game and the game was not that fun. It better to wait whenever they put open world in lol. I seen a lot of Early Access game that has open world already in it. I never seen a Early Access game that don't have open world from the start when they sayed that they r going to add open world. there game like ark, subnautica, 7 days to die and the forest already had open world. it good for being 0.99 cent. not a lot people were playing this game when i was on. if it just u, looking for player to play with its good luck to u. the graphic was ok not bad. it has good team work element.5/10."
76561198018472827,Not Recommended,407840,23608772,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Brian,"This seems like false advertising -- there are all these nice pictures of stuff, but in reality it is just a simple shooter with no clear plot. I was quite disappointed. I recognize it's in development, but I expected a bit more."
,Not Recommended,407840,29992684,Posted: 17 February,all,somaliman1965,"False advertisement, the game is nothing like the screenshots.The real game is a top-down ""Escort the cart"" type of game, with no graphics whatsoever, its a pain to play."
,Recommended,407840,24001254,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nano Shinonome,yes
,Not Recommended,407840,23740915,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Vulcan,BOOORRRRINNNGGGG
,Not Recommended,407840,24740500,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ethird,"To be honest, was attracted by the possible FPS mode that was shown in the trailer, the ability of switching between FPS and TPS would be pretty neat, whether it will be included or not seems uncertain at this point. But without that option this game seems very generic, the controls were pretty bad as well, many character actions seems pointless in a TPF. Game play it self is boring and beyond simple, after 10 waves of enemies I fail to see the point of it all, maybe a proper story mode will do this game some good? Wouldn't recommend this game to most, unless it's free to play."
,Not Recommended,407840,28515680,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Darkon Prime,Hopefully has a decent update.Update on review***This game still sucks.
,Not Recommended,407840,34115423,Posted: 8 August,all,✪Demon,eh
76561198150201184,Recommended,407840,29115422,Posted: 8 January,all,SykoMikey,Now it begins the fun starts here this patch was not 100% the best for me but I feel this patch was amazing still looking forward for all the new content coming soon I hope but still the new leveling up system not a big fan of it but it is still fair in a way play this game if you enjoy killing dinos recommend playing with friends :)
,Not Recommended,407840,24629046,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Xhell,"Gave me cancer, refunded it even for 89 cents"
76561198267639791,Recommended,407840,23954148,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rubicon,"We got to build a wall people, a huge wall, a great huge wall that will keep the Activision trolls out, and the REAL fans in again, We have to make Orion great again people,  You have to buy it, it will be the best 1$ you'll ever spend people, believe me I know.!!!!!!MAKE ORION GREAT AGAIN 2016!!!!"
76561198013476128,Not Recommended,407840,22752676,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ace Havoc,"Wow, before it was name Orion was♥♥♥♥♥♥ prelude was♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is♥♥♥♥♥♥ no wonder you have failed kickstartes. Not worth it even at .99 cents. Apparently Trek is just a failure of a company and will never produce anything of quality."
,Not Recommended,407840,22743600,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Neon_,unlike!
76561198055552485,Not Recommended,407840,24110890,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Belphi,"Good Lord i payed only 0,49 euro for this dumb game with stupid gameplay and almost nothing to do in it......"
76561198153511432,Not Recommended,407840,26575595,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Fog,"The game will not start up, don not get this game its a waste of time  O-O"
,Recommended,407840,29735808,Posted: 5 February,all,Natendragon,"This game is good, and fun. Slow, yes. Perfect, no. The game is fun, and that's what's important.I paid the original $1 when it was first released. For what the game is in its current state, it's enjoyable.But there's a massive amount of farming to do, since there are multiple classes (8?) that go to level 50. Playing one game on easy and another on medium, as well as a couple ""quests"", I am level 5 on one class.There is a crafting system that runs on rarity tiers, and we all know what that means and how it operates.But the game is empty. A few minutes ago I was playing. I chose the server browser.There are 7 people playing this game TOTAL, 3 in game, no server up. That means the player base that does exist, is playing privately with their friends or alone. And that's fine, but when an MMORPG has 7 people online...there's something going on.Yes, the game is turning into a cash grab. The price of the game increased by 2400%, which is atrocious. This new price tag will inevitably kill the game because no one wants to pay that price tag for what the game is.I recommend this game because it is fun. You can choose three different viewtypes for this shooter (Top-down, 3rd or first person) which appeals to a lot of people. You gun down dinosaurs and collect items, hoping for good gear. I just wish the devs will lower the price to bring the player base back."
,Not Recommended,407840,23990857,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,bill nye the science guy,JUST BAD!!!
,Recommended,407840,30640007,Posted: 20 March,all,[RSB]Splinter™,Love this game dont trust the haters that only played this game for 1 minute would recomend this game too anny one nice grafiks nice game play if the devs play this right it could kill destiny 2
76561198082123142,Not Recommended,407840,23189079,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,xico,"Pay for skins, I would've rather plunked 20 bucks down and enjoy the game than get it for a buck and deal with the milking.. It takes away from any game for me."
76561198056696257,Not Recommended,407840,31912678,Posted: 22 May,all,Nature Loving Cholo,feels bad man
76561198131719713,Recommended,407840,23389642,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,plague dragon,gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg ggg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gtg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg ggg ggg ggg gg gg gg gg
,Not Recommended,407840,23493932,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,dj912,Multiplayer compatibility sucks
,Recommended,407840,23617283,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kaiser Wilhelm II,it worth to buy
,Not Recommended,407840,21118596,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,💀Legendary Bandanna💀,Third person? REALLY??! I am so disapointed. ORION prelude was much better.
,Recommended,407840,29476834,Posted: 24 January,all,DugTheDoggo,"I got lucky and bought this for $0.49, rip for the people who payed $24.99."
,Not Recommended,407840,26023743,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,♠ Habib ♠,Trash Game F_uck it _|_
,Recommended,407840,28802744,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sakethur,One of the best games i have ever played!
,Not Recommended,407840,33579777,Posted: 16 July,all,SAMAEL,Kappa dont buy.
,Not Recommended,407840,32587076,Posted: 20 June,all,Mr. Jenkins,What the ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,407840,29267476,Posted: 15 January,all,GZewewelous,Purchased this game in 2015 for $0.89 and hated it.Came back more than a year later to find everything greatly improved.Game: 8/10 Still work to be doneShopping Experience: 420/10 would buy an 89 cent founder pack again
76561198165121099,Recommended,407840,28133269,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Frozen Dead Lady,idk. . .
76561198192027842,Not Recommended,407840,22878305,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,the purified,i can't play it wont let me play it it crashes every time
,Recommended,407840,34789646,Posted: 7 September,all,Big Dinosaur,Awesome game. ♥♥♥♥ the haters.
,Not Recommended,407840,23944195,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ima koala bear,"When I open the game, nothing happens. I wait and nothing. Gonna try again later, while not mad about money spent, still tilted like Spencer"
,Not Recommended,407840,23965873,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Wizzeh,"Don't bother buying this game.the development team are one of the shadiest and underhanded one's imaginable.buying it now, will waste your money, since he's deciding to make it free to play.0/10"
,Not Recommended,407840,24006122,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cube,Not so good.
76561198063202887,Not Recommended,407840,30937634,Posted: 4 April,all,SneakyKid,"Terrible game, bad gameplay, won't run, looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ blatant ripoff other games but worse DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF TRASH."
76561198108052544,Recommended,407840,22333539,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Rocky,I dino what to say about this.
,Not Recommended,407840,22856871,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,S U B S,The game doesn't work 90% of the time. Don't fall for the shills trying to convince you otherwise. You would be better off getting a 1 dollar handjob from a McDonald's employee.The best feature of this game is the refundability.
76561198326551963,Not Recommended,407840,25642975,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,JurassicJuan,OMG DINOSAURS- Dosent see T.Rex in the game at all.I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!- Players look at me all wierd. :awkward:The **** Ya'll looking at?!
,Recommended,407840,32376794,Posted: 12 June,all,makenipipo,best game everquality and price are perfects
,Not Recommended,407840,23959110,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dr.ProfessorSir,"I got this game during the Summer Sale based on my positive experience with the previous game, ORION: Prelude. A few days later, the game was taken off the store due to Activision's DMCA action against Trek ltd. I was hesitant to support either side at first, but after overwhelming proof came out against Trek, I tried to find some redeeming quality in their newest outing. Why would they steal assets for this ""game""? This is the most broken piece of software I've ever had the misfortune of dealing with. The menus are completely broken and would frequently glitch. My friends and I attempted to play the survival mode for 15 minutes, and in that time, the game crashed no less than 7 times for each of us. It seems as though no effort was put into debugging this game AT ALL. This is a broken mess that I would not recommend to anyone. Save the 50 cents and don't support this developer. The trailer is a complete lie and (even considering that this is still in development) the game is not worth your money. I'll try playing it again in a few months, but with the shady business practices of this company, I doubt anything will be fixed."
76561198044924872,Not Recommended,407840,23965756,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Flex,"A generic shooter by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers, how about you make your own art assets?immediatly refunded it after I heard of their practises."
,Not Recommended,407840,23591655,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mikefdk,"Pros:$0.99Cons:There are 2 game modes that are virtually the same.Crafting was mediocre at best.Repetitive-------------------------------------------""The Orion Project is a living, breathing and Persistent Universe allowing for you to travel the Galaxy and experience Open World Gameplay like never before!""Is completely misleading, one is not open world nor can you travel the galaxy!Even if its early access, it's still not fun nor will you play it more then 1 hour before the repetition sets in."
,Recommended,407840,24026390,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Luking97ˣᴰ,"♥♥♥♥ you Activision, and all your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stupid CoDs!(If you did't know, activision shot down this game from steam. Now you can buy it)Here is a video about the hole situation:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OQ6ImjNjK4And here the post officially made by Trek Industries:https://www.facebook.com/trekindustries/posts/1172885572743064PD: Sorry for my bad english :D"
,Not Recommended,407840,23018678,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ayo  Technology,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198108511656,Not Recommended,407840,23982492,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ImNotSteve,"So the day before I read the game was pulled from the store, I bought it, for like 50 cent, so not much, but I felt I had to test it, so I did, and this game, a game running on the Unreal 4 engine, looks like !""#¤!"", and doesn't play much better, now I just tested it out offline, so people unlike me, that enjoys online games, maybe of another opinion, but in my humble opinion, that this game was pulled from the store is not a big loss, not even a small one."
,Not Recommended,407840,28504016,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,RocketLawnChair,"If one more person says ""LOOK AT ME GO!!!! :D"" I will rip my hair out and ugly cry....Just no. I'm so done."
76561198051141671,Not Recommended,407840,23821121,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Benson,"Was lured in by 49 cents, too bad when you go into an actual match it's nothing like the screenshots and is actually topdown."
76561198185141219,Not Recommended,407840,23082525,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,MR. MEESEEKS @ hellcase.com,crashes so often
,Recommended,407840,23944596,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Doobiemon,Yeet
,Not Recommended,407840,23520239,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,KOTDT,game is ok there is lag in the menu and game play for me can not even play the game in my screen resolution have to go lower to move most of the lag drop down view game play is bad first person is better when you find out it has it  when game starts you think that is how the game will play but it is not as you can see all the player and think that how it going to be if they fix it so the lag is gone for good and give you the first person mode first but tell you there a drop down mode it my be better. in drop down play mouse is where you fire your gun to move with the w a s d keys is hard as to move left and up you have to hold down a and w at same time witch puts me off the game same my like it but i find it hard to play and change weppons as i move as the number buttons are the wepons i think that mods should be taken out for good or should be second game mode not fisrt mode you see when you get in to the game to start off when in snow it hard to see things that are droped for you to pick up this should be fix other than this it looks good and with  all the lag i was getting from my  intel (R) core(TM) i7-36010QM CPU @ 2.30 GHz 2.30 GHz RAM 8.00 GB 64- bit system on windows 10  Resolution 1920 x 1080 this should of works with no lag at all
,Not Recommended,407840,23296025,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,I Am Really Bored,It showed that it was Third / first person but its not when u start. I Wonder why I just didnt get the Orion Prelude. The Online was poorly made because I had to connect to a lobby to play online.
,Not Recommended,407840,24077849,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,StrydeX,i bought this game for 10$ back then now its almost free? what a RIP OFF
76561198067847573,Not Recommended,407840,24009194,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,lizord,waste of 50 cents
,Not Recommended,407840,23805146,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nova Express,meh
,Not Recommended,407840,24006451,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,\varnothing,I thought this was a first person shooter. I'm so confused.
76561198025249920,Not Recommended,407840,19426918,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tinyted,"EDIT NOTE: This review was written when the game was just launched on Steam in Early Access. According to comments, a lot has changed. Treat this review more as a standard on what the game was like when it was launched.So I bought this game mostly because its built with Unreal Engine 4, particularly because I've been playing around with UE4 also.First of all, this game has a lot of stuff missing, and thus a lot of improvement to be had. (Hey it's an Early Access, it's to be expected) I have only played half an hour of the game(note: Steam was down for maintenance when I was playing, hence the lower gametime on my profile). So read the review with a grain of salt, especially when it's about missing things. As I haven't explored much of the available gameplay. Which may explain why I don't recommend this game yet.(I'm guilty of writing a review with only so little playtime, but since the game just released, and the only complaints have been it shouldn't be a third person shooter, I figured I'll write some issues I'm seeing that are more legitmate)-Gameplay-I've only spent half an hour playing it so far. Solo, with keyboard and mouse, default difficulties and map. It has been a bit boring, but I can see potential in it. I may make some comparsions to Magicka, Helldivers, both games by Arrowhead Studio or with Diablo 3 since it can also be considered a top-down action game.Guardians of Orion has infinite ammo, with a reloading system. The switching time for the weapons between primary to pistol, vs pistol to primary seems almost the same, making gameplay rather dull. In fact, it seems as if switching to secondary pistol once the primary needed to be reloaded, then switching back renders the primary fulled loaded again.(Not sure if bug)There is no aiming distance for the grenade, only a direction, making it nearly impossible to land a proper grenade, especially when the grenade travels at a fixed distance.Compared to say Helldivers, there is no particular weakness spots when hitting an enemy, Making aiming a very simple task. There is no turn speed involved either, unlike say Helldivers where your turn speed is reduced based on certain situations. (Such as when you're firing, or if you're in a mech)I used the Assault class, which has the abiilty to use the jetpack. It's more of an evade for a set period of time button, while still able to shoot enemies, as there is no disadvantages from being above ground. Thus there is no turning off the jetpack.Because movement speed is the same even when you're shooting, there isn't any decision involved in whether or not you should run or shoot.There is a dodge roll button, but in the 30 minutes I've played, there has been no reason to dodge roll, especially if you have a jetpack, and a blink ability.The blink ability loses its control in the target location, if you use a keyboard, since the location is depended on where you're moving, I imagine it to feel more good when playing on a controller with an analog stick.Sprinting's only downside is that you can't shoot while sprinting, and the fact that the camera zooms in a bit. You can infinitely sprint.I'm not sure if there's friendly fire, but I couldn't shoot the objective I was defending, so I would assume it to be a no. (Will check multiplayer later)There are power up drops occasionally when killing enemies, but those don't really alter the gameplay decisions, other than basic attributes, like movement speed, fire rate, health regen, etc.Overall, there isn't much decision making when playing the game. Especially when it's all cooldown involved, and there is no concept of a scarce resource, such as limited ammo. The idea of dodging and avoiding enemies, seem bland. More crowd control abilities may also bring more gameplay decisions in.There are skill points you can invest in, which I hope brings in more decision making into the game. However at least for me, the first 30 minutes playing solo has been really boring to play.-User Interface-It's an early access game, so it's not a surprise that the UI is rough looking. For any Unreal Engine 4 devs, it's obvious to tell a lot of the progress bars are using the standard UI provided by UE4. There isn't much of an indication of what each bars are, but it can be quite obvious after 5 minutes of playing. Top bar being health, then shield, ability power, and exp.There were two different objectives during my games. Defending the Harvester, basically a wave mode, and Eliminate these enemies. The fact that the latter was called a Side Objective, but yet refusing to do it, basically stops the progression of the round/game, seems to beg the question if it really is a ""Side"" Objective.The mini map is very basic, with a simple map image, and circles to represent the player and the enemies.As expected, the UI would probably be polished later on. But for now, it serves its purpose at the moment.-Audio-I'm really not picky about audio, there is some voiced dialog such as ""under attack"". The gun sounds fine as far as I'm concerned. So nothing much I have to say about it.-Overall Conclusion-Game has a lot of potentials, do not expect anything like Magicka, or Helldivers sort of gameplay. There is a lack of decision making involved at least for solo.I will be updating this review as I spend some more time playing this game, especially the multiplayer side of things. At the current state, the only reason to buy it is for the reduced price, and for the sake of testing, and supporting the developer. If you're buying it to have a solo time, I do not recommend."
76561198029016060,Not Recommended,407840,23678123,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,willetman,i hate this game it so boring
,Not Recommended,407840,29911920,Posted: 13 February,all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,your character is a girl
,Not Recommended,407840,31748177,Posted: 14 May,all,Sarkastik Bandit,meh
,Recommended,407840,30090191,Posted: 21 February,all,ShameBoy,trek industries achieved some amazing goals on this game!so many things to do :D
,Not Recommended,407840,23124672,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Hoff,meh
,Recommended,407840,35119198,Posted: 21 September,all,Cyrotechnium,"not sure why or how i got this game, lol"
,Not Recommended,407840,24084514,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,nozomi.la,wish i can refund it now
76561198121068707,Not Recommended,407840,23227986,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SparseChris,waste of money
76561198055868354,Recommended,407840,21504270,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cjnfl,First out of early access review
,Not Recommended,407840,23952147,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mr. Nice Guy: Bom de Briga,"Read this before buying, then decide for yourself:https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/4q6xo5/activisions_dmca_claim_on_orion_is_legit_orions/Tl DR: David Prassel is an♥♥♥♥"
76561198023637559,Not Recommended,407840,19453095,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Omunall,"Poorly optimized overall. For what this is i'm dissapointed. Editing my review to be more clear. Im using a surface device, which easily pushes games like Borderlands 2, Skyrim, and runs heavier games like Dying Light and Shadow of Mordor. Why do i need to reduce the resolution on this game to lower 800x levels? Why does this game run so choppy, animate so poorly, and overall run badly. On the desktop, it runs fine. The problem then is the fact that this game has very little going for it. It's mindless, has no depth, and becomes repetitive very quickly. It at least runs well on the desktop and looks okay, but it really isnt all that well made. I'm sure this review will continue to offend people and cause them to reply with further insults, but this does not change that this is a game that only really appeals to people that want mindless and unoriginal gameplay. I suppose it's fitting those same people choose to make unintelligent replies against someone that genuinely disliked this game. It's okay though, my first refund out of 200 steam purchases worked, so that was positive."
76561198101497711,Not Recommended,407840,24023532,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Whoopasski earn.gg,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy unless your gay and fake.
,Not Recommended,407840,22877624,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,☠ Skull ☠,"prosnothingconsEVERYTHINGbuy prelude it has more content and gameplay is way better, this game has no vehicles no first person cam, overall its not even worth 99 cents, get prelude 99 cents and way more content and better gameplay. also this game makes you buy the extra classes with real money, prelude you get all the classes right out of the get go with better customization and then some."
,Not Recommended,407840,23457964,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,xCAKSx,"Just a♥♥♥♥♥♥hack n slash shooting style RPG ........................ if they put the gameply video here , i am sure many people will not buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Requesting for a refund."
,Recommended,407840,34984678,Posted: 15 September,all,WilliBob,COOOOOOLLLLLLL GAMe love it!!!
76561198067842744,Not Recommended,407840,22815944,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Waymos,"Boring, terrible, lame, trying to do refund but its down.. now I probley won't get it done.. not work the 1 dollar or what ever it cost."
,Not Recommended,407840,22843228,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,NIKO,"Dont waste your dollor....although the actual game play is  quite nice for the money, thats about all the good things about it..loading problems, screen freezes game completly stops working..worst of all the latest update must off been a kiddies school competition..glaring screens with no option to reduce it,  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ headbob  with no way of removing it....inventry system developed by idiots, which was fine before update..and worst of all the lead dev david is a total♥♥♥♥♥♥....dont bother commenting on anything unless your a fanboy who loves kissing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game seems to be going backwards....i seriously cannot believe that the dev team sat in a room and patted each other on the back and said awesome update...obviously run by a bunch of one children families who have never been told no..Get a grip, and maybe play other games so you can see for yourselfs that if it didnt work 10/20 years ago then it wont work now...Game play is good but the rest of the game and dev team will get you very angry at the fact  that people like this are allowed to breath on this planet.if a friend has the game .. play it for an hour.. you wont be back..."
76561198023615429,Not Recommended,407840,19570309,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Castiel'sDad,A: It sucks.B: It sucks moreC: It sucks MORE THAN MORE MOREWhy? Becasue it's crappy
,Not Recommended,407840,30599489,Posted: 18 March,all,FACEIT,"According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyways. Because bees don't care what humans think is impossible"
76561198112669681,Recommended,407840,24009392,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,kek
,Recommended,407840,24015229,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,G3kk0,-Bought this game for 45 cent-Downloaded the game-Game wont start-New installt the game-Game still wont start-refunding this game-waiting for my 45 cent to get back10/10 would waste 45 cent again
76561198143979028,Not Recommended,407840,23223145,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Bişniţar,I have 4 gb ram and the game is starting and appear your memory don't support the game. I have over 100 GB free spacce on disk.
,Not Recommended,407840,24025436,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ćuti ćuti ujko,THIS IS NOT A FPS!THIS IS A CRAPPY 3RD PERSONWASTED MONEY!!!!
,Not Recommended,407840,23778197,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,letter42,not worth 59 cents.
,Not Recommended,407840,19471450,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Fred,was expecting something good.wasn't something good.
,Not Recommended,407840,22779432,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,[SG]Rock,Another game with a misleading Theatrical  Movie Trailer.This is not a First Person Shooter.This is a top down game.There is no tutorial in offline mode (I did not try online mode)
76561198133731409,Not Recommended,407840,31812700,Posted: 17 May,all,Spoopy Bocket,it bad1/10
,Not Recommended,407840,23039301,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GamerOnEarth,dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,407840,23850120,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SilentKore,"No idea what this game is, I apparently played it at some point. Gonna buy it and try it, until I find out what this is; my review will be negative.EDIT: Played it, it broke."
,Not Recommended,407840,22666350,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Valex,"Please Note:I *can't* review the game itself as it still refuses to load for me. When selecting a character class at load-out, the game crashes 100% of the time. Judging by other negative reviews, this seems to not be limited to just me.So far I haven't seen any signs from the developer that they intend to resolve the issue in a timely manner.For more information on the developer's poor (and even untrusthworthy) communication habits, continue down. Else, you can skip to the next review. :)---Trek Industries developed a respected reputation with their unusual response to Orion: Prelude.There, they took a very low rated game, and worked on it until people felt positively about it.Kudos!And here, we've a game with all the potential to be fantastic- combining all Trek Industries learned from the previous game and blending it with strong ambition and creativity.Great!So, why am I discussing Trek Industries' history in a negative review?Because for all their previous positive conduct, there's something rather.. troubling with their recent actions.Trek Industries guaranteed us in February that the EA price would not drop below $2- that the $1 price was limited to the live launch, which would offer far less benefit for your purchase.Since then, they've offered the game for $1 in EA.Jan 29th[1]""After May 1, 2016 the game will be reduced to $1 for NEW BUYERS (AKA Non-Founders)""""Guardians will be marked down significantly for one last opportunity to become a Founder. Don't say we didn't warn you - now is the time to save!""Feb 5th[1][2]""This is your LAST chance to become a FOUNDER for GUARDIANS OF ORION - and for the BEST price yet! You can now own GUARDIANS OF ORION and become a FOUNDER for less than $2, only for a limited time. This sale ends February 12, 2016. ""Feb 22nd[1]*A Non-Founder is anyone purchasing the game once it becomes $1. ""Now, is the game worth $2? Well, I wouldn't have bought it at that price had I not thought so. In fact, I still think so, and I feel supporting the game in being able to achieve its ambitions is a positive thing!So what's the issue?The issue is, Trek Industries flat out misled us, if not intentionally lied to our faces. Since then their website has been down, and they've rejected the steam communication attempts by me and others.That seems.. a bit sketchy, no?It's hardly the first time the developer has done poorly in communicating clearly during this EA, as well.So, to reiterate, the issue isn't a specific matter, such as the loss of $1, or frequent changes in their plans, or their failing to communicate with the 80% of event participants who didn't get a free key during a promotional event promising such, or any other single event.... it's that Trek Industries has thus far proven unreliable in their promises, and more importantly, have regularly been unwilling to communicate  over the various issues the game [or its marketing] have had thus far."
,Not Recommended,407840,22801504,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mechmeows,THE VIDEO IS A LIE!!!!! ITS ARIAL VIEW NOT 3RD PERSON LIKE IT SHOWS
76561198036732153,Not Recommended,407840,23194953,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Proxy,Pros:Great Sound TrackCons:Everything else
,Not Recommended,407840,21516030,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Nath Pyro,Well this game has gone to s***.
,Not Recommended,407840,21570000,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Prepoznator,Not even bother to explain the long list of epic proportion crap this developer did.Avoid this like plague.
,Recommended,407840,21344063,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,0rb!tal,this game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,407840,21477036,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,NopeMan64,"Game just needs better optimization and then we are looking good. Also it is a bit hard to see the small Dinos with all the foliage around, maybe use a glowing outline or something (developer notes from a player). Otherwise, very good game and I hope you guys will be able to add more things. Solid work, gentlemen."
,Recommended,407840,21468939,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mc_Fetus,Different from the first game but still really fun to play
76561198063515220,Recommended,407840,21490480,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Monti21,"""Look at me go!"""
,Recommended,407840,28493499,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,cookiemonro,This Game Would've Gotten An 8/10Best Top Down Shooter Of All TimeLove All The EnemiesDifficulty And Abilities Are On PointI Still Recommend This Game But The Rating Is Just Cause They Erased My Account When TheyChanged To Guardians Of Orion I Will Never Forgive Them4/10
,Not Recommended,407840,24071734,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mag.,"Used to be a fan of this game, but I see they've mucked about with it and have raised the price to $25. That's outrageous for what this game is."
76561198080600677,Not Recommended,407840,24001962,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✪ WarrHen,"I bought this game for $0.50, it was on sale and I thought it was alright for the original price of $1, but now? this game is OVER $20! Why? I have no idea, don;t buy it for any price over $1.. Anymore it isnt exactly the funnest and why would I play it if I have csgo, r6s, grw, or any other great game? So, overall, don't buy it unless it drops back to $1, and even then, only do it if you have an extra $1 in your account to spend.."
76561198060061431,Not Recommended,407840,26685223,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,...,"I really hate to give this game a bad review, because it needs all the help it can get, Eventhough this is a great game when it comes to gameplay, the overall game itself is more/less a money-grab, I had high hopes for this game (still have some hope because at least the devs are still updating) but now it's almost dead. Ingame you rarely find people (more seem to be starting and playing which is a plus) but that doesn't change the fact of the overall game seemingly being a cash-grab, I got this game when it was free...yea USED to be FREE but then they changed it to a dollar ($1 USD) ok, not bad, still worth it...now it's changed to $25 USD ??? WTF oh well...I purchased the elite edition in game and to me it was worth it. got a lot of free stuff...enough store (paid) credits to get all I could want (especially with like 3 free give aways because of the resets) and this was all before the elite edition included the game. now I find a pack that includes both: Orion Prelude Ultimate Edition ($25) and Orion Guardians Elite ($100/$50 for founders) for $25 !?. Eh I'm a founder, so to me the games worth it (got $25 pioneer pack for free, bought elite for half which is $50 and got a lot of cool, free stuff, and plenty of ingame creds to no longer need to spend a dime on this cash grab game), but to all you new comers, either get the pack/game while it's on sale...or hope that in the future the game becomes worth it. Because right now, I would probably hold off. Oh yea one more thing: If I haven't made it clear enough with the game going from free to $25, ALL pack prices were jacked up at that moment, the Pioneer pack (was $25) is now the $50 pack, and the Elite pack (was $50...remained $50 for founders) is now $100...though this may change (or may have changed...I can't tell anymore)....oh wow, I just realized I changed my review from good to bad...I had forgotten that I wrote a good review before this one...wow goes to show ya peeps. also if you've read this far, you can see in the comments of this review that the developer listed some additions to the game that should've been added by Dec 20 2016...and most but not all have made it (such as the fatality, campaign, duel)"
76561198169222346,Recommended,407840,23380179,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,veberödsmannen,its fun with friends
76561198010019630,Recommended,407840,22739549,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Zero Byte,"Despite the initial confusion of getting to the table to browse for servers to play on, I am stunned by this game already in the short time I played it.  I passed up the previous Orions (incarnations?) because they didn't look like my sorta thing.  But TOP?  TOP is badass.  I took a Marksman and right off the bat felt like I was a sniper: there's no ""put twenty points into your tree so you stop jittering your aim like Michael J Fox, noob!""; the three trees are an awesome idea and I felt like it was an action-rpg right away (much in the same way that the Borderlands games are an action-rpg, which is a great thing imho).  People are cool, friendly, and helpful too (scarey in this day and age, I know), and the graphics, omfg the graphics!I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥ for visuals because I've long had crap systems in the past.  This game sacrifices nothing for it's amazing visuals (triple-A, are you listening?) and gains everything for stunning beauty from the go as an early access title.  I can only see this game getting better and I cannot wait.Now to drop my cash to be a founder and purchaser - fastest time ever going from testing free time to buying!EDIT: I realize that I may look goofy since I don't have much time on record, but that's due to personal issues arising that have taken me away from gaming lately, and not because I've fallen out of love/changed my view of this game.  It is still boss, end of."
,Recommended,407840,23770631,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,HoboHunter657,"Well worth every penny. For the cheap price tag, one would expect a bad game, but from my experience from this game and the previous, it has more content, and a better community than most $60+ games. I would reccomend this game to anyone, and I do!"
76561198052705923,Recommended,407840,23770031,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,brent063,"Really ambition project , the game is allready awesome so far just can't wait how big this will get in the future.Pay 1 euro and get a 60 euro worth game in return."
76561198079623136,Recommended,407840,23766229,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Veistle,This game is what I've wanted for a long time an open world with a loot system and coop missions to play with friends
,Recommended,407840,23768573,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DingbatZiggy,"Orion has always been legit. This game to me feels like a light-handed MMO. Drops and upgrades and all the goodies. Just needs the next level to go all the way with unlocking new weaponry, game modes and HUGE dinos lol Thumbs up!"
76561198000733136,Recommended,407840,23764987,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Krizby superbaked!,"$1 for basically a super awesome game that's constantly developing.  That's right, the devs support it and it's fun...aannnnddd it's a dollar.  This is really all you need to know unless I'm forgetting....oh yeah not p2w."
,Recommended,407840,23764515,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,S1mthi,"This game is hands down, an amazing, one of a kind game. TREK Industries has always made great dinosaur-based games, which I am not a huge fan of. But besides that, I am a huge fan of the the gameplay, and the work put into it to fix bugs and add even more content was what kept me coming back for more. Though I am not a huge fan of dinosaurs or mechs myself, the one thing I am hyped about more than anything else is the open world universe, galaxy exploration, not just by your self, but with others. To end off this review, ORION is a fantastic game, with MUCH MORE to come. You may not find me playing it often, but I soon will. Overall, I would personally give it a 9/10. Buy it now while its on sale! You can't beat an amazing $0.49 FPS game. I highly recommend buying this game, it will keep you coming for more without breaking the bank."
,Recommended,407840,23764650,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BrokA$F@k,"Game is great. Since it's in early access it does have what you'd expect of an Early Access game(Bugs and such). The gameplay mechanics is good, and is still improving from updates by the devs. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that seeks to play a good COOP Shooter with their friends. For the price as well I think it is worth it. One problem I have with it though is since I live in the West connecting to US East to play is a pain and gets really laggy."
,Recommended,407840,23713929,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Matn,You can't get something as awesome as this for 1$.
,Recommended,407840,23813797,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,PlusleMinun,"Cheap game, good gameplay, and....Good for me that has only a little money"
,Recommended,407840,23812444,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Clicks126,"Listen, this isn't the best game right? It isn't the worst game either, by far. Its fun, relatively simple, and a good game to play with friends, and for $1??? The devs could have scrapped it a long time ago lol but the stuck to it and its shaping up pretty well. give it a try, and if its not for you, well you only lost a buck."
76561198107327879,Recommended,407840,23774949,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,StutterStep,"Ok first of all this game is fun as hell, second shoutout to the devs of this game, y'all did a good job on this game.  Here are a few suggestions I have1. Iron sights for first person mode.2. I know there are guides on the steam page but have some sort of inklining that there IS ONE.3. Nerf the shotguns  ie. make them more powerfull at shorter rangees than longer ranges.4. Allow people to sell loot on the store (If you can allready I have no idea how).5. Have the augmentations be better leved for players (I'm level two and got a level 100 blade augmentation)6. In the drop pod keep the perspective you want the same as in the dropping animation (if you want first person, have a first person view of the pod).7. Buff the bosses, the bosses are waaaaay too easy to kill, I was with a four man team and the t-rex took less than half a minute to kill.8. Pat yourselves on the back for making such a kick♥♥♥♥♥game! good job guys!9. Change the image for the gloves or the data core, theyre both the same.10. Have some possible way to see our torsos in thirs person.11. Be able to look 100% down, not somting crazt like seeing legs move, but just the floor benieth you (When I'm jetpacking around I cant shoot whats directly benieth me)This game is fun as hell!"
,Recommended,407840,23807956,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ThisIsSalsa,"game is Amazing, tho i get freon out of online lobbies and put back in the Mane Menu, this needs to be fixed cuz i bought one copy for my friend and if we cant play this game when it will simply not let me go in to online games.I love this game even tho i get to play one game In a H or two if im lucky. still worth it, plays Orion; Preluded and Will play this game. Worth the 0.99 $"
,Not Recommended,407840,22714297,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,RGQ3,"Very fun game but as of now it is not worth it due to its incredible flaws such as the ever-changind price to this game (this used to be $15 then $1 then a free to play and is now back to $1 for a starter with a $25 full edition) and the always changing game machanics it's not worth it at all. One main thing that throws me off is the the chaning game mechanics which also means that all your data is reset and you will have to start from scratch, so if you have a level 50 character they will reset all the way back to level 1 with no items.This is only one example but i hope that in the near future this game can turn from a garbage game to a good MMO RPG"
76561198108487674,Recommended,407840,23835632,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bazz12134,The best games I have ever gotten for under $1
,Not Recommended,407840,23838022,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,p4hv1,All I can say that the game currently feels very rushed and cheap and the 1$ price isn't a thing to be proud about because I would like a 20$ game that works properly.
76561198084148436,Recommended,407840,23806420,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jumpy,people are getting crazy lately they want 60 or 70 € for an online multiplayer game with just 7 maps and no story and then there are these guys who are making an awesome Multiplayer coop-game and they want just 1€ for that there're like Gabenwith his sales.
76561198078802746,Recommended,407840,23806475,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Enon™,For 0.51 ..its a awesome game.
76561197993662237,Not Recommended,407840,24062905,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,"2-8-1, 3-3 Oh, 8-0-0 fo'  WHO?","It's like they took an alpha version of Orion: Dino beatdown and slapped some ""mmo elements"" on it for a cashgrab.  Would not recommend even for free.   I'm baffled how they could regress from beat down, but once again Trek studios lowers the bar to new depths.  I am dissappointed in myself for giving this company 50 cents.   At least some of the art assetts were cool looking, but they were most likely stolen.  BTW for anyone curious the guardians you spend money on, you can play them in offline mode for free.  I'm writing steam support to have this removed from my library."
,Recommended,407840,21872284,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Zodd,"A very fun co-op top down shooter. Totally recommended.One thing though, the graphics are kind of ""heavy"" for an unreal engine game. My pc isn't a monster, but I think it should be able to run in at least 30fps the current setting. Maybe they'll tweak it later on."
76561198019293802,Recommended,407840,21667802,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Aяgente™,"I didn't play it much for now, but I think it can be pretty cool.Pros:- can change view (Third person, From above)- craft system- many, MANY, acheivements (too bad not on steam, like Prelude)- more class than PreludeCons:- can't access to inventory or skill trees from main menu- save system (in skill trees) seems to be bugged and don't really save even if it says ""save succefully""- no First Person view- Tech character has a russian voice...- can't jumpAnd I have still things I don't understand.. Like, if Orion: Prelude was an ""intro"" of this game, why there is no first person mode ? Why in this game, you can jetpack but don't go further a limit (in Prelude, you had an achievement to ""touch the skybox"") ?Anyway, this review may change as the game evolve."
76561198034427441,Recommended,407840,21695885,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tactiic,"This game is great and the developers are working extensivley on it. FPS is coming Spring 2016 and Open Galaxy Module is soon as well. Servers are active at all times so you'll never have to face a giant rock throwing T-Rex by yourself. The skill trees and loot mechanics are pretty cool and keep you coming back. I wish they'd add steam trading cards and badges only because I love badge hunting. In conclusion, buy this game if you love murdering dinosaurs with friends in either top-down, 3rd person, or FPS (coming soon)."
,Recommended,407840,21653091,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SKDende,"The idea is original for sure, but the graphics are too much for my laptop to run when the min requirements crearly says that I can run it. Might just be my PC, but it would be great if there were some performance optimaztions coming in the near future."
76561198063463544,Recommended,407840,21675141,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,≼ Tyr Valkyr ≽,"Well devevoped game that brings alot fun and challanges , some kind of teamwork and great community. The developers have many good ideas which are seen already in early acces and are positioned to play a place on the fun and playability. I look forward to what all still in the game comes with the patch. Good Game for me."
,Recommended,407840,21723489,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Arenevian,"Fantastic game for early access. Has great potential! Does need some optimization, but I hope that will be taken care of in the near future."
,Recommended,407840,21724922,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Battouzsai,"I can recommend it when it's on sale. It still lacks a lot, a the third person animations are terrible but I can see the potential. Overall pretty fun and the devs seem very dedicated. So I am supporting this."
,Recommended,407840,19572898,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Zach Fett,"Different perspective, much more polished gameplay, prettier graphics, and just as addicting as Orion: Prelude!Such a fun game! I've only played a few rounds and I'm hooked. I'm excited for the future of this game. The devs took care of Prelude and totally turned that game around (went from mediocre as Dino Beatdown to one of my favorite games as Prelude), and I know they're dedicated to their games, so I trust that this one has a bright future.From what I've gathered, in the future the devs are planning for different kinds of missions (right now it's more of a horde/survival game), boss fights, more dinosaurs (I better see Spino return!), classes, and weapons to be added.It looks like this could be Helldivers but with dinosaurs! That right there sounds like heaven."
,Recommended,407840,21818414,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Ernie,Good but I need a way high gaming PC that's than my Intel icore5 with nvidia gtx
,Recommended,407840,21921780,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Vienanmeri,"10/10 because of pizzaEpic gameplay, but need some optimizationand of course, if you aren't from US.. you will face a ridiculous pinganyway.. here is the gameplay in 1080p60https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M4IxUvLgC0"
,Recommended,407840,25548582,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tranier,"First of all let me say this game needs some work. I keep crashing and I can varely start a game before that happens.Now to the good stuff. The game is a creative consept that I think the 1 EURO price is right about. This game needs some publicity and some servers that the game provides not just one player. My favorite mode is harvest and I think the overall game is good.Should you buy this game is the big question?Yes, its a steal at its one EURO price tag and even better if it goes on sale at some point.I played oroin prelude for a solid hour and I dont know if this is the second game or just a remake but its just as good if not better than the first!"
,Recommended,407840,23764337,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Charge,"I honestly don't know what to think about this game. When I wrote my old Review, I was amazed by the devs, even tho I knew about the rumors about Trek industries. Now we had the Scandal with the stolen guns from cod and the game haven't been updated for months. While this might be caused by the Scandel, it might also be a sign that Trek has stopped working on Orion and getting ready to make the game f2p. Honestly the whole game was never a masterpiece but it had potential. Now I'm very concerned about the Future of Orion. I will still keep this game as recommanded but I would advise to wait and see what the Future brings befor you waste a buck on this game.nvm, it finally got an updateOld review:This game costs 1€, I repeat 1€! So beside the fact that this game is nearly free to play-and on summer sale its even 50% of, you will get a game with awsome devs and a lot of anounced features. Yes I know the features are only announced but the devs are AWESOME and they'll keep their promise, no matter what will happen. Even Orions Kickstarter failed and they made it. So currently you will get a top-down, a 3rd person and a fps all in one. Featuring some minor gameplay additions like upgradable items and skill trees which won't affect the gameplay much. Now on to the actual gameplay its pretty funny but often feels a bit like you are shooting with a nerf gun since your enemys won't show that you hit them(except for a bit of blood). The maps are a bit boring regarding the gameplay, just a plain surface with some obstacles. but it looks very nice.So all in all its a game with a high potential and a low price-in other words: why are you waiting?"
76561198020575535,Recommended,407840,22748293,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Gkar_of_Narn,"I recommend it but with some reservations:  I like the basic idea of fighting dfinosaurs (& other enemies) with modern/futuristic weapons.  I also like the different classes (Assailt, Tech, Rocketeer, etc.) but the dev needs to put a lot more features into this game in order to really make it worthwhile for players to invest time & money into sticking with this game long-term.  A new quest system is supposedly coming in May & I'm looking forward to it.  I'm glad that there is controller support.The skill tree needs to be re-worked to make it more meaningful for character progression.  Crafting desperately needs to be easier to understand how to perform.I wish the dev a lot of luck with this game.  I paid 99 cents (for (Guardian of Orion) in order to show my suport."
,Recommended,407840,22748779,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,lemmy,Press F1 for Third-Person view.You're welcome.
,Recommended,407840,22728491,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,EctoCooler,"Was impressed by the video and game roadmap. Decided to try it out for free. Was even more impressed. Decided to drop a buck on it on the sale. Still impressed. Jumped into an online game with 3 random strangers. Had a blast. You can tell it's early access, but this game shows great promise. Engine runs fast and smooth on my older hardware. Co-op is fun. Can't wait to see what the devs drop into this down the road.T-rex can throw rocks. Enough said.10/10 Would hunt dinos again."
,Recommended,407840,22728336,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,1emonade,Best $1 I've ever spent on Steam.
76561198068805227,Recommended,407840,22736818,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,♔,not bad at all for $1. $10? eh
,Recommended,407840,22736968,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jtpetch,"I've so far played a single round of singlerplayer offline survival, and haven't been able to connect to the servers yet.That said, Trek's story with this game, and what they promise, alongside how much the community seems to support them, I figured it'd be worth my 1$.We'll see if it turns out as great as they're promising, but I've got faith in them.I had also purchased their previous game, Orion: Prelude (for 1$) when it was Dino Beatdown.Terrible game to something quite great.Don't fail us Trek. Be another Keen Software House and pull through on your promises, and this game will skyrocket."
76561198180710398,Recommended,407840,22737298,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,TenshiNoJudgement,"As is, the game is ok.  For the price of $1 it's epic.  Once it goes up to $10, IDK if its worth it right now.  BUT the devs are very involved and the game is going places.  Where to? No idea, the devs do what they want and quite frankly thats a good thing."
,Recommended,407840,22735594,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Soldier D.Grey,10/10 would help producers again
76561198121625676,Recommended,407840,22735352,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,zMeerkatz csgogem.com,I love this game is is going to be such and good gmae when the open world comes out but the game right now is amazing and i wold bye it when it is only a dollar
,Recommended,407840,22739638,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,zsaiboT,"The gameplay is quite interesting- you are space soldier, who shoot to dinosaurs, robots and aliens, to protect harvester collecting blue gold. There are several class with different abilities and weapons. You can also upgrade your inventory finding mods. There is also skill tree. Now a bad part- bugs. The items in the inventory vanish, the skill tree reset every time you change class, the chest is not opening, and many more... but I hope the game will be growing, and improveing."
,Not Recommended,407840,24140068,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Klingenmeister,"Update:- still everyone plays pyro because pyro has more damage than all other classes since the release of early access- artificial leveling content is now even worse, because you have to grind your way up to item level 600 (I thought the grind before was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but this here is a total silly time waster)- weapon legendarys should have fixed damage numbers or 99% of all weapon drops are useless- weapon switch system + skilltrees based on weapons (you can give a marksman a shotgun, what happens to his sniper skills?) brings total confusion (you can pick frag grenade for support but still have heal grenade skills in your skilltree)- survival is now even more broken than it was before (no item scaling + enemys past wave 50 get nearly invincible due to removing half player damage each round past 50 !!!!WTF!!!!)- both PvP modes are empty templates- you get crafting materials that dont have a usage- material drops still dont scale for their usage (tons of gems without actual use and not enough drops of firegems = constant shortage of firegems and now also shortage of dinosaur bones)- serious fps problems that werent there before (I can run Ark Survival Evolved on high)David, whats with the artificial division of the player base? It may be the Nr1 reason why this game doesnt get a userbase. There is absolutly no reason for the item level beside dividing players by item level and player level and by that creating player groups that cant play with each other resulting in 2 things:- player dont want to farm to 600- players ask other players to give them lvl 600 itemsWe played Dino Horde and Prelude, because it was fun, not to level up. And we had alot of fun shooting through 10 waves of dinos every day. This game is some strange hybrid between an Diablo RPG and a shooting game and it falls short on both sides.And dont get me wrong, your game isnt alone with this. Shadow Warrior 2 was an incredible game, but it completly failed at delivering long time content and it completly failed at its item balance. Attempts by the devs to fix it, made it even worse, because they didnt even understand their own game. The RPG / Shooter Hybrid is a genre full of failed games, that didnt manage to balance all those game stats, because they were used to make Shooter games, not RPGs with all those stupid item numbers, that are so difficult to balance. So we ended in Shadow Warrior 2 all playing with the same weapon, in Borderlands all playing with the same weapon and in Guardians of Orion all playing with the same class and weapon.There is even a rational explanation why everyone plays pyro: Hes the only one having a general stat boost (all fire damage is auto crit) while all other classes have a skill that increases their special ability.In Orion Dino Horde the only difference between the 3 classes were:- HP- Starter weapon (actually dont, because it was customizable)- ability- some auto unlocked abilitys other classes had to buybasically you could play each class with the same weapons and style and the only difference was HP and their special ability.---At its current stage I cant support this game anymore:- extremly bullet spongy enemies- artificial leveling content- way too much grind (see point 2)- equipment > skill- a lot of broken abilitys up to the point where you ask, if all that stat buffs in your character description are actually active (for example 50% sniper damage increases 50% pistol damage and the other way around. How shall I able to build a strong character, if the stat upgrades are a russian roulette?)Does the + sniper rifle damage for the marksman also work when you choose the silenced SMG instead of the Sniper Rifle and if not, why would you choose the SMG? So many questions that no one can answer you. That way playing the game on high difficultys now only feel frustrating.Also whats up with the complete imbalanced ingame money / shop money ratio? Since you can get shop money buy trading ION the ion drops got nerfed by 40 - 80% (not even talking that picking up items infight is extremly annoying and disrupts the game flow). Thats extremly stupid due to the trading ratio is 10million ION to 100 shop money. Getting 10m can take over 10 game rounds or longer. Doing 1 - 4 dailys takes 30 - 60 minutes and sometimes give you even more.And I am not even talking about the massive inflation of shop money. I already have over 127k shop money from achievements alone, thats maybe 2x the value of everything in the shop. How do they even want to make money, if they drown us in shop money? And why did they have to nerf ION to the ground?Also whats up with those extremly lazy weapon modells? I am glad they ditched the silly power ranger uniforms from Orion: Prelude (what were they thinking) and got back to the old badass design, but the new weapons look really cheap, generic and CoD-like (Irony). I loved this game for its unique Art style. Now everything that is left, is a medicore Diablo-Orion hybrid with repetitive gameplay."
,Recommended,407840,21266796,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Ryder,"-Never Liked Long Reviews, so i'll give my basic opinion on this game-Guardians of Orion is a Sci-Fi Top-Down (Or Third-Person) Shooter with a large range of ranked and creative weapons. Shoot Dinosaurs, Robots, and they claim more will be added in the future. 5 different classes with different abilities and stats-to-upgrade implement a different playstyle for everyone, and as they do with most things, they claim that many other classes will be added as well.So far, the community is very friendly, updates come out frequently, and the developers are very involved in the community, willing to reply to discussion posts and helping anyone they can. It seems this game won't be left in the dust anytime soon.I recommend this game highly. It's addicting and a great game to play with friends, but the same experience can be held when playing with any random stranger on the online servers, as I see very little toxicity in the community.-Darth Maul (The Third Wheel)"
,Recommended,407840,22003378,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,夢の騎士,"This is an Early Access review.Short Review:Guardians of Orion significantly improved on what they did with Orion Prelude, though I do wish that they actually 'finish up' Orion Prelude first. (I might change the review of Prelude soon.) The game is playable despite some buggy features and is, in my opinion, not yet worth the full price. However, it does look very promising and has the potential to be one of the best first-person-shooter♥♥♥♥♥third-person-shooter game ever released.Full Review:- First-Time Set-upYou need to create an account separate from Steam. There appears to be no confirmation e-mail sent and the game will automatically logs you in. There is no log-out button either, and I am rather confused about the Orion account. This does not affect gameplay but more likely it has to do with backup of your game data on their servers, as well as keeping track of account balance/funds (to be implemented).- CompatibilityThe game appears to have full controller support. Most help text will reference controller buttons instead of keyboard buttons even if you have no controller.- StorylineSimilar to Orion Prelude, you have to survive waves of dinosaurs and protect a (few) harvestor(s) in their survival mode. A PVP mode among several others are planned but not yet released.- UniquenessThe most interesting aspect of the game is being able to toggle between first-person and third-person. The experience is rather difficult to describe and appears to be plain on paper, but incorporating the mechanics is indeed impressive. When in first-person mode, you do what most first-person shooters do. You use your mouse to aim at dinosaurs (both land and sky), right-click to zoom-in closer to the reticle (the scope is currently non-functional) and left-click to shoot (duhh). There is a sprint button but no jump button. Instead, you have a 'dodge roll' bound to your spacebar which you can use to evade specific dinosaur attacks (with cooldown, no continuously rolling across the floor and becoming invincible).In third-person mode, aiming becomes more simple as you gain a 360 degree view around you so there is no sneak dinosaur attacks from your back in first-person view. I am not sure if there is any way to aim the angle of weapon, as I find difficulty trying to kill dinosaurs in the sky. Right-clicking increases your field-of-vision of the map, while sprinting decreases it.- GameplayThe game features both online mode and offline mode. In online mode, you will first enter a lobby where you have to walk to a station before you can open the server browser and join or create a game. In offline mode, there appears to be support for multiple players.There are currently 7 classes in the game, each with their unique primary and secondary weapon (usually a pistol). The special tertiary weapon appears to be the same for all classes, which is a healing gun used to repair the harvester, your health and your armour (albeit rather slowly). You get to change your class in-between waves. Each class also feature 3 different skill groups that you get to spend your skill points in, to improve your character weapons, functionality or to unlock new special weapons.About 6 maps are currently present, with different texture and settings but mostly similar terrain. The maps feature destructive props such as the rocks and trees that can be destroyed by the player and/or dinosaurs.In survival mode, you are able to occasionally collect crafting materials and/or from killed dinosaurs, as well as from 'bonus chest' that are spawned after killing the boss within the time limit. Crafting materials can be used to upgrade your existing gear and augment weapons, although I have yet to find out how. The equipment will be shared among all classes and will affect a number of statistics, some of which are self-explanatory while others are unexplaned. You get to respawn after dying or getting eaten. If less severe, you fall into an incapacitated state where you can still shoot with your pistol and get revived by a friendly teammate.There is currently a lack of vehicles compared to Orion Prelude. Currently, AI teammates also appear to be absent.- Graphics/Visual AppealIn first-person mode, the textures do look great compared to many of the other AAA games, especially given its smaller file size. However, it worsened in third-person mode where the grass and trees look rather dull and flattened. In first person-mode, your screen will act as the visor and feature cracks when your armour gets destroyed and your health becomes low. Weather effects are likely to be added.- BugsBugs are likely to be expected in an early access game. One of the more noticeable ones that affected me was in first-person mode, where the rifle does not always fire at where the reticle is, even when standing still. I am using the Sharpshooter class with a sniper rifle, and zooming in does not help. I believe this is not intended and will likely be fixed.- Pricing & VerdictAt its infant stage, the game does look promising. You get a 'Founder' status for buyung the game early, and it appears that future guardians will need to unlock classes with in-game currency. I do like the game, but given its current state of development and basic gameplay, I would not really recommend buying at its full price. However, be sure to get it during deep discounts."
76561198083462498,Recommended,407840,22006969,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Josiahfied,Yes!
,Recommended,407840,22053938,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,For the Roaches,yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198206036203,Recommended,407840,20199390,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JLG,Good game some great improvements have been made keepup the good work
,Recommended,407840,24318000,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,[EZ] Reichstof,"Game isn't bad, but its quite confusing and performance is very low on a smooth PCi give it a 6/10."
76561198057371336,Recommended,407840,22307325,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Spartatan,"Awesome. Incomplete by far, but Awesome! hope it gets finished :)"
,Recommended,407840,22655340,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AMER,this game was only 1$and this is a dino game.and thats was all you need..
76561197979563731,Recommended,407840,22655430,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Chromatose,"Within 10 minutes of starting, I witnessed a T-Rex getting ragdolled over a wall by a grenade.  You're damn right I recommend this game."
,Recommended,407840,22656221,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Emerald Omelette,"absolutley amazing.these developers have an amazing message, and i truly belive that they will make an INCREDIBLE game.the current version isnt perfect, but i can see immense potential, expecially after seeing what they did with prelude.best of luck guys!"
,Recommended,407840,27007330,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Whompithian,"UpdateStarting with the v2.0.50 update, Guardians of Orion has seen significant improvements. Many of the problems that were introduced in v2.0 have been fixed and a few quick patches were released to address lingering issues. This is a far cry from the mentality of withholding patches to coincide with feature releases that caused this game to become largely unplayable between v1.6.8 (see end of review for my original thoughts on that) and v2.0. Hopefully, the devs have learned from past mistakes and will pay more attention to stability and playability going forward.OverviewGuardians of Orion started out as a top-town shooter that has players assuming the role of an armored guardian in up-to-four-player teams on alien planets shooting dinosaurs and robots, all whilst protecting a mobile harvester. This remains a core draw of the game, which now offers first-person and over-the-shoulder third-person perspectives, leveling and skill trees, 24-player free-for-all and dogfighting PvP, loot collection and crafting, and character customizations that can be purchased with in-game currency. With the different guardians and weapons, there is just enough variety to keep the game fun and interesting while waiting to see where it goes.There are currently nine guardians, each with a unique ability and each starting with a different primary weapon and grenade. These can be equipped by other guardians when the original guardian reaches a high enough level. Guardian level determines how many points can be distributed in a skill tree and what level of gear can be equipped. Item level - the average level of equipped gear augments - determines the combat stats of a guardian and is key to surviving attacks and dealing damage. Legendary augments also have perks that bestow additional stats or unique abilities. For balance, level and augments are ignored for PvP.ProblemsThere are still plenty of long-known bugs in this game, even though it officially released from early access on December 21, 2016. There has also been a serious disconnect between the developers and the community. For instance, the game has undergone three name changes: Guardians of Orion -> The Orion Project -> Orion -> Guardians of Orion. Yes, it landed back where it started. Also, there has been confusion over the various pricing models and how different editions fit into each model. The worst example of that was when the game was reportedly going to be free-to-play, but that never happened. The biggest problem for me has been the failure of the developers to deliver on direct promises. I am okay with them dropping hints that they would like to introduce mechs and not delivering them, but I am not okay with them stating that everyone who has played the game at a certain point will receive a certain amount of in-game currency and other bonuses upon a specific release and then not delivering (look up v2.0 Report Card). Hopefully, these problems won't be so prevalent going forward.ConclusionAs it stands now, the pricing model makes sense and seems fair, with a 1USD hook tier and a full-featured edition for around 50USD. The developers seem to have learned some good lessons about supporting the game and the community. Also, now that the game is again playable, it is actually quite fun. So long as no more broken feature releases block bug fixes and playability patches, I recommend giving this game a shot.Original ReviewThis game suffers from a tremendous amount of ambition without the focus needed to see it through. The developers are trying to create a game that encompases everything they want to see in a game. Unfortunately, each addition has felt more like an ad-hoc expansion than a natural evolution of the core game. Even after nearly one year in Early Access, the game is woefully unoptimized. There are also crippling bugs - like server crashes and inventory item loss - that linger for months because the fixes are either kept back to accompany a major feature update or they are skipped entirely. It is due to this prioritization of features over stability that I do not recommend version 1.6.8 of ORION."
76561198116653486,Recommended,407840,21606707,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Zeph995,"So this game... I'm not entirely sure what it wants to be, but I like it. It can be played like a twin stick shooter, but also like a third person shooter, and soon, like a first person shooter. And you fight some T-800s. On an alien planet. And there's dinosaurs. Because of course there is. And then get eaten by a T-rex you teleported infront of trying to dodge grenades thrown by the flying robot eyeballs.I can only assume that you play as an underfunded version of the bad guys from Avatar.But yeah its fun."
,Recommended,407840,21672420,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,tinyderangedgoldfish,"I am having a lot of fun with this game.Got it for myself and a few friends and we all sem to like it.I can only suggest a different run animation in the close up view.Overall, I hope this progresses forward. Lots of funt o be had.Just wish there was also more than defend and survival at the moment.Maybe recovery missions or exploration. Hidden jungle bases?"
,Recommended,407840,24040169,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,smolbutthicc,I would expect a Jurassic World game to have commercials on tv. Luckily I still found this.
,Recommended,407840,24043791,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,NaNiBy,"Destiny for poor peopleAnd now for real: (sorry for my English)-Game is enjoyable for 3 hours (worth buying for one Euro or 0,59 like me)-Not enought content (add more weapons!!!)Let us sell items!+Price+Graphic is amazing+ You can use First person, Third person and that nonamed ""sky view"""
,Not Recommended,407840,21543206,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Septillion,"Great bit of fun for a great price, Worth it.Edit: 04/07/2016 This game changes name and directions faster then most change there undies.Very erratic development model with large ask prices for content, Be weary with this game"
,Recommended,407840,22663210,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[I01]Torpedo23,"For just a dollar / euro, you get this great game, with big plans for the future. It's going F2P but it isn't going to be Pay to Win.WARNINGThe game is still early in development and doesn't have a big part of the features said in the description."
,Not Recommended,407840,22309065,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ANDRW,>Elite Edition>$100>Get the ♥♥♥♥ out
,Recommended,407840,23492475,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,FLAC Attack,"Ok game but dosent have the same charm or joy that is in ORION:PRELUDE. It also gets boring fast. Only two game modes on what looks like a re-skins of the same map (which by the way are just large fields with rocks and crystals scatterd about. If I had to say something positive about this game, it would be the character customization. Its pretty broad, and you can customize down to the color of your arm, provided you buy the color first with actual money or one of the games curancys,Trek coins. Also do you know why its  only $0.99? THIS IS A FREEMIUM GAME! you have to pay for every cosmetic item as well characters with real money or you haev to do some serious grinding.So if you dispise fremium games then this is deffinlty not for you...Also a word on the developer. They have no direction! Since March of 2016, the game has three differnt names and three dfferent ideas on what the game will be. Currently It wants to be just like Star Citizen. Also the dev is a total scumbag. When Activison filed a DMCA complaint over stolen assests from Call of Duty in this game, the developer tried to lie to get the entire community on his side by saying how he did nothing wrong when clearly he was at fault. He even made a Indiegogo page with a goal of $500 to make up for ""lost profit"". Then the devs dontated $500 to themselves so they could instantly reach their goal. Fishy?Personly, I would recomend getting ORION:PRELUDE over ORION:WHATEVERTHE♥♥♥♥ITSCALLEDNOW, becuse PRELUDE has vehicles (whats cooler then taking on a T-rex in a mech suit?) , varied maps that have mountains, and doesnt have a $100 ""Elite package"" (which is non-refunadable btw) that is so bare bones for its value, one of the perks is an icon change for the game!.But, it is only $0.99, and with freinds it can be fun for a couple hours, and it suposedly should get better if the developer sticks to his plans for once, so it is probably worth it to pick it up especialy if its on sale."
76561197989882113,Not Recommended,407840,22736034,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,99ultra,"Nevermind... It's fun at first, but turns into a real grind later, not even a fun grind."
,Recommended,407840,22736417,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Malleable Soul,"This is actually a very nice game. You are a space soldier who shoots dinosaurs. Top-down or 3rd person, Pyro or Assault, it is your choice. Get this game."
76561198133394385,Recommended,407840,22731583,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Coolshoe,hopefully this game will not become free so i will not have wasted my 69p
76561198054998378,Recommended,407840,20436019,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,the wrong melon farmer,can someone tell me how to switch it to third person view?
76561198247052004,Recommended,407840,20098488,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,bigwalt3898,Well I'm enjoying this game just a fun shootem up game and with new classes on the way and new 3rd person view aswell coming soon it's worth the price and its on sale so buy it.  It's a work in progress and worth your time just chill and enjoy.  It doesn't have a huge user base but their cool to play with none the less. The T rex seems to love eating me.
76561198097512477,Recommended,407840,19926155,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ZeroMagnitude,"Great game but with many Issues.The game is great but the GUI is very poorly designed. The game does not handle mouse or controller input well at all, and many aspects of the main menu system need to be fixed.The game is fun but the long waits before and after an enemy wave are very awkward and boring.The game also lacks certain animation transitions. If you are aiming and then turn left, there is no transition animation between the two stages.Since this is early access, there is time and room to fix this."
76561198055526988,Recommended,407840,21526605,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BaZook,the game is a lot of fun even though it isnt planned for a full release till 2017. Lots of fun the progression feels rewarding and effective. can get repetitive but there is plans for a lot more to be added. only bad thing is how earlly they are into development and the optimiztion4/5
76561198137523487,Recommended,407840,21310646,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,McCore24,"TL;DR Just buy it, it's going to be well worth the wait.After playing Orion: Prelude, I was more than willing to pick this up for a mere $2. However, after my purchase I started reading the press release about lack luster sales and content being cut. I was shocked because Prelude did so well and still has a massive following. However-however, just a few days later they announced that sales had greatly increased due to the lunar new years event and that the game was back on track. I was overjoyed, beacuse this game has so much potential and plays so beautifully, and as new content rolls out it will be well worth the full price. I can't wait to see what's in store for the future."
76561198076597242,Recommended,407840,21554040,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,xdm24,"its a very fun game at its price and they have more feautres coming soon such as first person view 40 people multiplayer, you can trade loot etc. alot of potential in this game and i think u should check it out."
76561198027541238,Recommended,407840,21546654,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PrimeMover,"Awesome twin stick shooter/third person shooter with RPG elements. Has a skill tree, pick between several classes, gain higher level gear to survive higher difficulties. High replay value, and the games just getting started with developement."
76561198072111838,Recommended,407840,21545370,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Chill-Bill,Totally worth the $1 I paid for it and had I paid the full price of $10 I still wouldve been satisfied. Immediately enjoyable.
76561198114750344,Recommended,407840,21556645,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Solidus Cestus,The acronym spells GOO
76561198024975130,Recommended,407840,21566434,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cartoon Head,"Low play time but early impressions are as follows:This game is good.  With a fair bit of polish it truly can become great.  It reminds me of the Mass Effect 3 multiplayer with fighting off waves of enemies with the added perk of instantly changing from a third person over the shoulder shooter to an arcade twin stick shooter.  You loot things dropped from enemies, level up, craft stuff.Not been this excited about an early access game ever.  So much potential here and if they can keep loot interesting, keep adding new maps and scenarios and classes I see no reason this cannot become a huge game."
76561198260956693,Recommended,407840,21583737,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Corgi In Tuxedo,Its good concept of the game. Can you add Dinosaur mode so that we can play as dino fighting the human race. Thank you !!!
,Recommended,407840,21583209,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,I'm a breast man,Fun game but i would not recomend buying the full price.Easy way to release stress and better than jerking off in the bathroomDont h8 don8 :)
,Recommended,407840,21593138,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sexy Jelli Hentaicles,"A fun game to play, can get a little repetetive but It is a steal at such a low price. Considering they did such a good job with Orion:Dino Beatdown/HordePrelude I am confident that GoO can become just as popular and I look forward to seeing it in the later stages of development!"
,Recommended,407840,20976004,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Wulle,"I'm not good in making reviews, but this game is great fun to be played with some friends.The features it has to offer:as much loot and crafting as you want,dinosaurs,guns,jetpacks,stealth,flamethrowers,turrets,top down & third person view,multiplayer,local coop (coming),workshop,and much more planned....For the price of 1.99€ or even less."
,Recommended,407840,21866280,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Falco,Idk still good the last one had more weapon options witch i liked but is not in the game i quess besides that its still good
,Recommended,407840,28171069,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,JD,"It's an ""ok"" game, let's see what it has to offer with time, and when out of early access!"
,Not Recommended,407840,32974181,Posted: 28 June,all,VystreloK,"The game takes minutes to boot for me, onto the review...A lot of potential here, but almost no players are on to start a game and expect a lot of grinding, especially with the starter edition limiting your inventory slots and classes.Orion Prelude is a much simpler survival/horde mode game. The $1 I paid for the ultimate edition got me every single unlock. It's also buggy but got some laughs from it.Guardians of Orion is ""protecting the harvester"" and grind for loot and crafting mats. It is very poorly optimized, even worse than Prelude, as it takes up 18GB and runs poorly. The UI is clumsy and confusing. The ships have literal ""pew pew"" sounds and while having the ""dogfighting"" mode is cool, it's very basic and feels unfinished.There are also a lot of microtransactions in Guardians, and because of this, I would not recommend buying any edition of this game. Prelude is a cheap and fun game(at least for a few hours), while Guardians requires either grinding or a lot more money than the $1 starter edition.The only positives I have are that it does have really good graphics and the developers appear to be sticking around. I will change my review if they begin making improvements to the game.There are far better games that are free to play and this is not worth playing in its current state in my opinion."
76561198067079365,Recommended,407840,28986536,Posted: 3 January,all,holydonkey17,"I used to love this game and I still do but since the price went up by $26 I just can't really support it anymore. It just got a new updated which added a lot of things to the game like quests, spaceships and more and it made the animations much better but even with the additions and fixes, the game still lacks a lot of content to make the $27.99 (CAD) pricetag worth it. I can't recommend it right now but the price will hopefully be justified in the future.Update:The price has since dropped to $1.09 CAD and costs less than a meal. Worth it again."
,Recommended,407840,23853740,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Echidna,"Despite some issues in the past, the devs are now really wanted to develop the game and are reading the player's feedbacks. As you can see the game is so cheap and the content is way more that you've payed, just not polished yet. Graphics wise it's a beautiful game utilizing Unreal Engine 4 so you'll need a decent pc to run this. In gameplay, there are 4 modes and you can play in 3 different perspectives; FPS, TPS, and top down and this is a grinding game where you need to farm equips ands stuff and some microtransactions if you're impatient.  Servers are only NA and EU (I NEED ASIAN SERVERS!). The problem is that the devs want more players for this game so they can be motivated on expanding and fixing the game, but the game is really cheap and I doubt that can support their funding otherwise than players buying microtransactions and buying the elite bundle of this game; and playerbase is small, so there's that. I still have high hopes for this game and hope more players and updates to come.Score: 6.7/10 for now."
,Not Recommended,407840,23854755,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Recordist,"This game, was fifty cents on the sale. Fifty cents, for this pretty fun game. However, the lead dev is a petty, arrogant person who cares not about the game or the community, but the money. He restarted everyones progress and scammed people out of money (even though he was not at a loss). Very small playerbase and poorly optimized. Would be fun with a competant developer leading the team, but it doesn't have that and until then it isnt worth the (new) current price.Would Not Reccomend."
76561198093843067,Recommended,407840,28890785,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mrkueling,Changing review. The first person aspect is awesomePRESS F1
,Recommended,407840,29255933,Posted: 14 January,all,Bionic Potato,"I reviewed this game quite a while ago and did not recommend it. Here is my past review:""This game is totally worth what I paid for it, probably even more.I bought it when it was $1.It still could be a good game if the developer focused on delivering the promised gameplay and content rather than shutting out all criticism.""That being said, I appreciate that the developer lowered the price down to a dollar and included higher-up packages for cosmetics and such. For $1, it's worth it to try out this game and see if you can squeeze a little fun out. Is it perfect? No. Is it good? Even that's subjective. But it's a buck, so there's not much wrong with trying it.I hope Trek Industries continues to update this game with the intent of making a better product for their community. With what they said this game would be, I'm anxious to see what they intend to create."
,Not Recommended,407840,22713069,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Askingcarpet,"Can't recommend this anymore5000 hours of walking to get from a to b only to be told to meet a on the other side of the mapThey removed most servers, leaving pretty much half of the playerbase with 200 ping on either europe or US servers, when back then you also had australia and south america serversThe game itself is just what prelude was, a project that made so much 180°s that it died"
,Recommended,407840,26999150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yolocat12 (Zer0),"Now im going to COMPLETLEY re-write my review... Guardians of Orion, the game I doubted so much, has become one of my most ENJOYED games, due to the new update. The new update has fixed most of the problems the game used to have, such as dinos and robots being tanky, and it isnt P2W anymore! The game also has another great feature in it, which is to get a kindda payed currency, for free! Daily Challenges, Weekly Challenges, Achivements, they all give out Trek Coins! Which are used to buy cosmetical items. Heck, they even brought back the Prelude Helmets and Hats. With 2.0, this game has become an amazing♥♥♥♥♥game!"
,Not Recommended,407840,26133711,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Iohannis Badass,"Great game..till starter, pioneer, elite thing showed up"
,Not Recommended,407840,22649795,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,VoiD Dave холодильник,cheap garbage
,Recommended,407840,24046126,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,nikita00611,Where are the ****ing updates ??The Devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s !This is the second time ... they create a cool game idea and give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it !
,Not Recommended,407840,23869844,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TheMasterBlaster™,"My opinion of this game has changed. The developer has a somewhat tarnished reputation. He got caught stealing assets from other games and had to remove them. Then his pricing model goes back and forth. He even changes the name of the game.Then when he needs some money he spams the hell out of promoting his game with all kinds of exageration about the future of this game.This game is not epic at all. It is a very basic and a somehwat boring action game.I was buying into all the BS the dev was selling but now it's clear, he just puts out enough to pay the bills.I would not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,407840,23645201,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,𝕷𝖊𝖝𝖉𝖗𝖎𝖝,"Rereviewing again.This is my fourth time reviewing it.The devs are definitly slacking of with this game.They haven't pushed out a update in weeks maybe months now.and its starting to really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.Way back a few years i paid for a founder pack.(It seemed like a good idea for me back then)and it was around 25$, not bad because i really honestly, though this game had a chance and was going to come out great.A huge thing for me was the idea of space travel, being able to own a house, and interesting gameplay that got me hooked.But that never came.Its been almost a year maybe more since their roadmap came out.and more than half of that promised content did not come forward.Almost everyday i get a steam notification of the devs playing their own game or overwatch or something.IS THIS WHAT OUR MONEY IS GOING TOWARD.They never seem to be working.Playing video games or something.And this promised game content isnt going to come because of this, and their lack of trying.All they seem to be putting our/their money toward, is making new maps, weapons, skins, and other♥♥♥♥♥♥I DONT WANT THAT.I want a unforgettable experience, thrilling combat, heartfelt visuals, and interesting thought out game mechanics.But what did i get for my money. A streamer, who streams his own game, instead of streaming him making♥♥♥♥♥♥I have rereviewed, four times over the course of almost 2 years, Switching from A bad review to good review of this and other♥♥♥♥♥♥I DONT GIVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥IF YOUR A DEV WHO TREATS YOUR CUSTOMERS BADLY!JUST GIVE ME A GOOD EXPERIENCE OR GIVE ME MY MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING HARD EARNED MONEY BACK!THIS IS A JOB GOO, ACT LIKE IT IS TO YOU.Your first game failed.THATS RIGHT!It did you didnt really make it bettr you made it worst.By removing the glitches, it was just no fun.AND NOW! You made a name for yourselves.Many Many Names.♥♥♥♥♥♥ DevelopersNot Hard-workingPromise but dont deliverCheap but cheaper for the experienceAnd many more.Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥please, so i can type a shorter review, with a thumbs up saying.( AYE DATS A PREEETY GOOD )(                                                )"
,Not Recommended,407840,23655101,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Solzucht,"After the Game left Early Access, i lost any of my high level Items in my Inventory and which i did wear as Gear. My ingame levels went away for each Character - just removed??Also the Inventory Space did shorten so much for beginners-its a joke!Not that i need to worry about that, as i ""luckily"" bought the game when it did offer early access rights.In the beginning i had some high expectations of this game, calling itself at times Space MMORPG and it been fun!But dont rely on marketing strategies.EDIT:I bought some copies of it back in early acess for friends.Now-instead gaining the boni of early access everyone just gains the 1€ version.Thats just cheap. You got ♥♥♥♥ed it up."
,Recommended,407840,19719311,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,KABOOM,Its Worth to Play for $1
76561198080523403,Recommended,407840,29877172,Posted: 12 February,all,Sevenseas_X12,"I'm giving this game another try after some problems with crashing and bugs and so far it's looking very good, they recently optimized the game and now looks and plays way smootherAlso Devs restored the 1 mil ions and level 50 boost pack to founders or people that played during a certain time period and they even gave a extra lvl 50 boost to gift a new playerI rate it a 8/10 A fun action packed shooter dino PvE type of gameIt also offers PvP and space ship dog fighting.I never spent much time on those 2 modes rarely anyone on PvP servers and the dog fighting space ship controls were wack and will take time to get use to for sure. I will try to spend time in that modes and review it after.I do recommend buying this game, it's challenging and fun.A on-going DEV support to promply work on problems, bugs, updates etc is always a good thing.I will finish my full complete review after I give it another try and rack up more hours."
76561198125520339,Not Recommended,407840,21063120,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Forgotten_0ne,"So, i spent some time playing this game and as bug as it is, it was fun to play with friends.The thing is: the developers reseted the whole game some days ago and i lost alll my progress, itens and currency.For such a bad move i do not recommend this purchase."
,Not Recommended,407840,26282506,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Shen,"The first few hours can be fun. I even wrote a positive reveiw for this, but once you decide to get into it and check out fourms and such, it all goes downhill from there. Your eyes are then opened to the truth.If you do not like grinding HARDCORE. Leave nowIf you do not like pissy deveolpers. Leave nowIf you do not like false promises and lies. Leave nowIf you, for the love of all things right and true, like a good game.I urge you, innocent reader, LEAVE NOW.If you like getting screwed somewhere the sun dont shine. Then THIS is the game for you!"
76561198101039258,Recommended,407840,21606541,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Highlord -TPF-,"Once again Trek Industries have proven themselves to be competent and active in their development of their games. Guardians has been a blast despite not having had much time to devote to it.I am eagerly anticipating the space elements, thank you guys for doing early access right and REALLY listening to the community!"
,Recommended,407840,28577234,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,mauriciogonvi,"All my item, levels and everything go missing, maybe be lost forever, gut the game its improving."
,Recommended,407840,26565651,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,UltimateWifu,got a lot better
,Recommended,407840,20996450,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SuperKlyph,"After being away from this game for about a year and coming back, I was blown away.  More character classes, more stuff to do, more abilities.  Wow.  This game is freaking $.99.  Buy it now.  The only drawback I can see is that it takes a long time to launch the game."
,Not Recommended,407840,23412865,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,bSendPacket = false,"My review changed as of 10/31, when the devs decided to abandon the game. After gathering a huge playerbase, they made a backstabbing move and decided to abandon the game unless a $40,000 goal was met on kickstarter. What a ripoff and waste of potential. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,407840,24098955,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,snark,>buys 99 cent game>checks DLC>sees DLC worth $99.9911/10
,Not Recommended,407840,23795929,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,I AM HERE,"ORIGINAL REVIEW-> (Was positive)This game is like Little Caesars pizza, it may not be the absolute best, but it's still pretty damn good pizza, and for the price, there's just no beating it.Honestly, this game was surprisingly amazing and I would suggest it to anyone.New reviewWell, this game WAS an incredible value, but now that it costs $25 (despite the devs promise to make it free) I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I would still recommend it for people to buy an old key from when it was $1, but generally key buying is morally grey so I tend to avoid it."
76561198194515775,Recommended,407840,27948454,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Batm@n,Cons:-no vehiclesPros:-I think that the game have potential-good graphics-RPG elementsthey need to make so you can unlock classes and at the last lvl you have all of themand people bought the game before may 1 to have all of them at the start if the game is cool at the next update a will change my review to positive but for now prelude is better THE GAME NEEDS VEHICLES
,Not Recommended,407840,24017170,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Chronocide,"Super fun for the price. Looking forward to see where it goes.UPDATE: I haven't played for a while and came back to see what's new and how the game is doing. The game didn't go anywhere good. The devs wiped everyone's progress, jacked up the price, and (to the best of my knowledge) abandoned the game. Don't waste your money on this garbage."
76561198253319136,Not Recommended,407840,23970378,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bla247,"EDITED: This game was fantastic when it started out, but now, it's crap, I lost all my progress, it costs way more then it should now, constantly crashes, no one plays it, terrible devs..."
,Not Recommended,407840,23835804,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Chris Renamed,"When the game was in early acces, I made a positive review, because the game had a huge potential, but didn't use it back there. Trek Industries promised a game that's using all its potential for release, but now the game is released half a year ago and Trek Industries isn't holding the promise. The game is way too expensive for the content it's delivering. As long as they don't bring any updates with a ton of new content I prefer you to not buy this game!!!! It's not worth your money..."
,Not Recommended,407840,29185188,Posted: 11 January,all,The ZuCC,Bad.
,Not Recommended,407840,23281969,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Legendäres Ebenholzross,Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,407840,33920786,Posted: 30 July,all,Ich,</3
,Recommended,407840,26683421,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SuperSpace,"Alright, here goes. So I actually had a pretty popular negative review, and at the time, the review was completely accurate with everything i've said, but that was written around 8 months ago, so yeah, some things have changed, enough for a positive review. First off, alot of the reviews you see, are older reviews, as the version of this game doesn't change to often because they take their time with large updates.Pros:-Amazing visual customization, alot of different ways to make your character to look amazing-The buyable currency is easily earned in game, unlike some other games, you can earn both Ion, and Trek in game, which is cool.-8 playable classes, each having the ability to change your grenade, weapon, sidearm, and there is a very thourough skill tree at your disposal as well, this helps to scale your character as you level them up to level 50.-4 different gamemodes, one being last until wave 10, one being last as long as you can, one being in air ship fighting, and one for on the ground pvp, more to come soon-Variety of maps, somewheres around 15 I believe-on Visuals and Sound, this game blows it out of the park for an Indie dev team, truly amazing, the game also has pretty good optimizationSo, what exactly changed for me to completely change my mindset on this game? Well a few things.1. I was partially angry that everything was wiped on 2.0, which I don't care for anymore, it was partially needed for the glitch, and the guardian resets.2. The developer team has decided to not get ""political"", which was an issue from time to time, but if they are being serious, then i'm 100% for coming back, it's what got me to come back and play3. With the progression system being reworked, there is now a point to grind, and gradually work yourself up, which adds a gradual layer of fun and excitment, so yeah, that was another big issue.Honestly my point is this, at the moment I have nothing to complain about, the game is 99 cents, and it's a game that you can waste away a good amount of time on, although the community is small, it's growing, and i've met some really cool people from playing, just give the damn thing a shot, thanks."
,Recommended,407840,22908749,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,CLU,"Final Update: The devs seem to have returned to this project with some of the energy they showed at the outset and the base price has been set to $1 again. I feel I can recommend it at that price.Update 3: The devs never really focused on bug fixing and optimization. Plenty of assets were created but poorly implemented. No updates in a long time and the last word from the devs was that the game is ""complete"" and that the community never supported them enough through crowdfunding.Update 2: No substantial improvements to the game in two months. No updates at all for the past month. I am currently on the fence about recommending this game. Still worth a buck to get the base edition but not currently worth the time to download.Update 1: Big changes have been made to this title and the devs have continued to interface with and support the community. Suggestions from players have been implemented through frequent updates.This game is still in VERY early development but it also cost less than a coffee and looks to have quite a lot of value in the future.At peak times the current servers seem a bit strained and as sales continue I hope to see the bandwidth increased to support the growing player base."
,Not Recommended,407840,24303862,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,RSAStudioGames,"Had to change my review, after logging in, I find that I lost all my stuff and had to restart with basically nothing. I had pioneer status and a bunch of other stuff and now its all gone."
76561198061192587,Not Recommended,407840,29173436,Posted: 10 January,all,MTD7,"DO NOT BUY.The game is dead.The devs have stated that the game will only be updated once the game becomes profitable (i.e. never) Basically ransoming the community for game support.There is also constant server issues, and bugs, and problems that the devs just blame on the server providers, and have ignored even fixing bugs.The devs have hyped up so many features that  will never be added."
,Not Recommended,407840,34539540,Posted: 27 August,all,FatHaggard,its worth 74 cents but not 99.
76561198049091479,Not Recommended,407840,30799738,Posted: 28 March,all,Terminal Desolation,"UPDATE: 9/4/17: I switched it to Not Recommended awhile ago and made some minor changes. More updates this time. Game's not worth it, the devs are cheats. During the last summer sale was when I really had it, I just haven't had the time to update it, and the idea struck my fancy.The sale really drove home for me how scummy the development team is. They stated the ""Elite"" package was going to be half off ($25, usually it's $50 - and it USED to be $100, before they scrapped the plans for the game and couldn't claim the garbage amount of content it offered was worth $100 anymore). Suddenly, come sale time, it's actually 90% off! Wow, what a screw up, right?Wrong. It was planned. It was Prassel's attempt to drum up revenue. When sales were going ""better than expected"" (no duh, nobody was going to buy the thing at $25!), he made posts promising more updates and whatnot in the near future, trying to entice older players to buy more♥♥♥♥♥♥too... except now all those updates are, again, behing held ransom behind ""we need more support!"" Here's the thing, Prassel: You don't GET support unless you GIVE updates. That's just how games work when you promise a lot and don't deliver. You don't get support. You gotta produce the content if you want the people to support you.Though, as it turns out, I've been hilariously wrong all along. See, when Prassel says ""we need more support,"" he's not saying he needs your *money*. I mean, he is, but it's what he needs it FOR that's hilarious. The game reportedly doesn't even have a programmer anymore! Nobody to do any of the coding! All the promises Prassel makes are empty. He's completely incapable of delivering on them. He needs ""support"" (Prassel-tongue, the language of snakes - can be translated as ""money"" in English) to hire a programmer, I suppose. Still, how disgustingly greedy can you be, to promise content you can't deliver to try to get people to buy your product? It makes me sick I was conned by this dev team.I'm leaving minor bits and logs of my previous review below for posterity. It shows how an already soured player could get even more embittered by this dev team.UPDATE2 6/1/17: The developers have basically said that they won't continue to update the game with what has been promised unless they actually receive financial support. Frankly, I think that's bullocks and ordinarily would make me want to change the entire review to ""Not Recommended,"" but given you can still pick up the base edition for literally $1 (which has my favorite class, Support, and another favorite, Recon), I can't /not/ recommend the game... Just don't you dare spend any more money on it. Not worth. Oh, also, the developer's comment was earlier, before this last update, when the review was nicer before I knew they'd abandoned the game. What you see is what you're frickin' stuck with.Guardians of Orion (previously The Orion Project) is a Top Down/First Person/Third Person arena shooter with a lot of aesthetic customizability. A mishmash of futuristic tech and gibbable dinosaurs to delight your inner twelve year old for awhile. Though 95% of promised content has never and will never be delivered, the game is pretty fun, providing a good way to waste time, with a relatively positive and friendly, if small, in-game community."
,Not Recommended,407840,32354035,Posted: 11 June,all,KoKoa Skeeze,meh
76561198127095265,Not Recommended,407840,22707793,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Kemsyt,awful
76561198042337771,Recommended,407840,22521704,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,FaZaR Mestari17,"I purchased this game last year when it was still in early access for $1. Since the time I bought the game, the devs have changed the price of the game and they were confused how they wanted to sell their product. People got mad because they bought the game when it later went back to $1. I can see how this is frusturating, but the devs offered benefits to people who paid $25. Other than the mess concerning the pricing, the acutal game is awesome. Back when I bought it in ea, it played pretty poopy, there were only 5 maps, and 2 game modes. Fast foward now when the game is out of ea, I decided to redownload this again because I remembered having a lot of fun with this game. I was very happy and surprised to see the game's progress that it had made. It played sooo smooth, i was actually able to put everything on super high and not lag. The gun movements all felt so much smoother. They also added so many more maps, like seriously from 5 maps to like 20+ (including pvp and dino maps) which by the way was added to game (the pvp was). The pvp is a real run and gun and so fun with friends. They also added space ship battles, which was a cool addition but I found the other game modes to be more fun. They also added npcs to do quests with, more character customization, and new gun sound effects. It's seriously so awesome I got all of this for1 freakin' dollar. You could have all of this too, because the game is still 1 dollar as of 5/6/17. I only have 40 hours when this review was written, but I plan on playing this a lot more, because there is so much to do. I didn't even get into all of the daily quests, side missions, crafting, gear, etc. I don't regret buying this at all! Please try it out, if you don't like it, it was only a dollar. If you have any questions please let me know and I will answer. Thanks for reading."
76561198216748764,Recommended,407840,28523622,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,grisou,cool game
,Not Recommended,407840,23990211,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,aytimothy,"A promising concept, yet underdeveloped and the developer failed. To sum it up, this game is a botch after a botch after a botch that all somehow came together but never made any success because it's a mess. Unless they're doing everything in the wrong order (or from easiest to hardest), that's why the game is a mess.I supported this from the beginning, and let's just say that 'excuse-after-excuse' and 'failure-after-failure' is all we got.Unless there's some major reform within Trek Industries - I wouldn't expect much or even bother with this game.Guardians of Orion (henceforth now called ""GOO"") tries to be the open-world Sci-Fi MMORPG of our dreams. However, with ambitious dreams, this falls extremely short. This game does not have any direction at all. Instead of proper levels, players are placed into instanced maps fighting off waves of enemies and collecting random drops. No open world, just instanced fighting, which is the main issue. It seems like Trek doesn't even know what an MMORPG is, or at least the right elements that make up an MMORPG.To make matters worse, all the assets are high quality, yet extremely uncompressed (and huge install size) and the game runs extremely slowly because of the lack of any optimisation at all.btw, here's a list of what you can do:Harvest Gamemode - Fight waves of enemies defending a harvester/core.Survival Gamemode - Fight waves of enemies, don't die.Character Customiser Simulator - You can customise your character.PvP - What the name implies; player-versus-player battles.Dogfight - PvP, but in spaceships.tl;dr - GOO is a collection of mini-games that make up an MMORPG that are somehow botched together with no direction."
76561198172640226,Recommended,407840,35408681,Posted: 2 October,all,Xoduox | trade.tf,9/11
,Not Recommended,407840,21594062,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,DEV_Story~,"OLD REVIEW: A Really Good Game, Its Like The First One Just Without The Shops And First Person View.OLD2:Guardians of Orion (Project Orion) is a first person/3rd person shooter. There are dogfights in space and many more features (coming soon too) that make the game pretty fun to plaGuardians of Orion is a sci-fi third person/first person shooter that continues the legacy of Orion Prelude. Having a few bugs so far, and the game is semi optimized for low/medium end hardware (GT 840m 2GB wise). A great game with friends and also ""there will be a lot of loot"" (Kind of). The developers where generous enough to upgrade everyone's account for free some time ago, which is cool.Cough also this game is dead, and WHERE IS THE NEW UPDATE?"
,Not Recommended,407840,35498587,Posted: 5 October,all,Adult Shpee,"I tried to like this game a lot, but I've found a major problem (so far)......THERE'S NO DANG REPAIR TOOL FOR THE HARVESTER EVEN IN THE TUTORIALI'd say that the game died, but it wasn't ever alive in the first placeAlso look at the DLCs'nuff said"
