user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,408120,18851797,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,.#MissYouBarryDennen,"This is a story driven game, and so it absolutely crashes and burns when the story doesn't hold up the game at all. The story is incredibly short, but less ""short and sweet"" and more ""well, where's the rest of it?"". It understays its welcome, and having such a short story means that the characters are not given time to grow at all.The relationship between the two main characters is the main focus, but the player isn't shown any of that development. Instead, the two characters talk, one of them delivering extremely creepy dialogue that wouldn't be out of place in a stalker movie, and then there's a time skip, and then another section starts and they're somehow magically closer to each other. The sudden transition from friends to ""I love you"" is jarring and really poorly paced.And speaking of which, the sections where most of the story is delivered is in an MMO within the game itself (gameception!). The main problem of this is that this segment is so incredibly poorly programmed. The pathing around is practically broken, which makes the ""combat"" frustrating when your character gets stuck on a piece of terrain. There's only ONE combat animation per character (and the character with an arm cannon doesn't use it to attack, but rolls up into a ball and glows instead?). This can be forgiven if the story being delivered was decent, but as stated above, it's not. These MMO segments quickly become a chore, since the story won't progress until certain markers are met. The three different MMO segments are basically just palette swaps of each other, and don't hold the player's attention at all.The game seems to rely entirely on the underwear cutscenes to draw attention and sales. The way it plays out, it seems like the developers wanted to make a short movie rather than a game, but decided a game would sell better. They say it takes 1.5 - 2 hours to complete, but I finished everything in 50 minutes. This game really would have benefitted a lot more from another hour or so of content, with more time to develop the characters. Instead, it immediately jumps out of the gate and falls flat right on its face. ""Based on a true story"" doesn't excuse the story and characters from being lifeless.There's no replay value, the story is just boring, the gameplay is frustrating to non-existent. I requested and got a refund. Definitely not worth the launch price of $7.64. Definitely not worth the full price of $8.99. Definitely not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,408120,18874625,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Linus,"Interesting concept but very poorly executed. I get that some games prioritize telling a story over having enjoyable gameplay, but Cibele basically has none. The gameplay itself is just incredibly boring, and doesn't offer the player any substance. All it consists of is playing a fictional game where you click on enemies, and nothing more. It is excruciatingly boring. This game should have just been created in the form of a short video.The story itself is told via voice-overs and files on the player's computer. At first I thought the story would be somewhat interesting, but it is told in a terribly cringey way, which made it impossible to relate to the player character.  Having the main character say ""i always do my best to look anime ^_^"", and yes that is a literal quote, is the easiest way I've ever seen to drive people away from a game. Not only is the method of storytelling executed quite poorly, but the story in itself is nothing to write home about. I found myself completely unable to care for the relationship between this Nina and her internet boyfriend."
,Not Recommended,408120,18850975,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,TomatoSuede,"I really want to give this game a positive review, but there is a lot more cons than pros here. For what it is worth Cibele is a good idea that had a lot of potebtial, but the story itself felt very rushed,compact. The acting in the actual real life parts of the game seemed a bit stiff at times, along with a little of the voice acting(though the voice acting was good in others). If felt as though I was always waiting for the good part to start or waiting for something cheesy to happen, but it just left me with a sour unfulfilled feeling. The story ends so much faster than you think and that is fine, but the main arcs of the story are so brief  that is hard to keep up with. I liked it for what it was worth, but in the long run this game made me wanting more background to the whole situation. Don't get me wrong if you plan to buy this game it is not a bad buy, but it really leaves something to the imagination."
,Not Recommended,408120,18904217,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,kinggimped,"I really wanted to like this game. I like quirky, unusual games. I like alternative or unusual storytelling methods. I want female developers to succeed because their gender should make no difference whether or not their games are taken seriously. I like games that explore small, everyday things like a budding online relationship. On paper, this game looked pretty interesting.Cibele, however, is barely even a game. Pretty much everything about it is just... poor.I'd love to discuss the game's mechanics, but unfortunately... there are none. As the game unfolds, it alternates between three formats, over three time periods during which the 'relationship' between the girl and boy unfolds:- a (very user unfriendly) virtual desktop, where you can browse the files, folders, emails etc. of the game's 'protagonist'. I hesitate to use that word, but I'll get onto that in a moment- the multiplayer game that the 'protagonist' plays. If this were a Flash game hosted on Newgrounds in 1997, it would still be considered terrible by those standards. It's obviously just supposed to act as a placeholder, a window through which we see the interaction between the 'protagonist' and the guy she likes unfold. But it's one-dimensional, horribly made, ugly as sin, and just annoying to 'play'. It's basically a casual clicker game, but worse- videos of a girl sitting at a computer in her underwear, taking photos of herself in her underwear, and doing other assorted things in her underwear. These make up a tiny portion of the tiny amount of gameplay in this 'game', but make up the vast majority of the screenshots and marketing. Doesn't take a genius to work out why (hint: underwear)As for the story... I understand that I might not be the target demographic here (male, older than a teenager), but I found it awful to the point of grating. The girl through whom you view the events of the game is a completely one-dimensional, weak character. The's the 'protagonist' of the game only because you play 'through her eyes' - there is never a point in the game where you can make a decision that changes anything. It's entirely linear and on rails - the only reason this simulation can call itself a 'game' is because of the sequences where you play the fake game, and as above, that is awful and basically just completely pointless clicking until the game decides to move you on.As for the guy that the 'protagonist' falls for... he's a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. He's creepy, he's overbearing, he's pushy, and completely awful. I honestly thought the game was shaping up to be a cautionary tale to tell naive girls not to talk to creeps online.I thought there might be some intrigue to the way the story unfolds passively - you don't see every interaction between the girl and the boy, you only view their relationship via the three sequences above. For example, the second time you're looking at the girl's desktop, there are new files in her folders, showing a little of what she's done in the meantime. A better storyteller probably could have woven an interesting tale by letting the 'player' fill in missing details, but unfortunately that's not the case here either. The whole thing feels forced and completely artificial.I understand that probably a fair bit of work went into making this game, so I didn't want to dismiss it with a one word review. But quite honestly, there's probably more content in this review than there is in the game. I'm gonna leave it here.Don't waste your money on this thing. It's not good.Want to play a game that tells a story in a unique, alternative way? TryTo The Moon, or30 Flights of Loving, or literally anything else. Just don't buy Cibele, it's a waste of money.Avoid. Avoid it hard."
,Not Recommended,408120,18856903,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Falconeer,"It pains me so much to have to give this a negative review. It's mostly meant as an encouragement to the writer and developers to do better next time, as they clearly have a lot of talent and inspiration and I will still support their originality and their much appreciated personal ""touch"".Anyway, bought, played, and finished Cibele yesterday, all in about 30 minutes. I don't mind short games, they are like short movies or short stories and I have an appreciation for all of that. But in this case, I must say I am quite disappointed. I *AM* the target audience for this kind of games, as I like stories, I like human exploration and I do not consider ""emo"" a bad word. So I hate that I have to give it a negative review, in fact I supported the project and the effort by buying it right away, but the end result is simply too shallow, simplihistic, and as a consequence of that it results inherently narcissistic, to carry any weight (it is important that you understand why I put ""narcissistic"" at the end of list, as it's the least problematic part). I did not dislike the game/story being told, and I appreciated the way Nina Freeman, the writer, chose to tell it. But after three very short jumps ahead in the timeline we are left with a conclusion that fails to convey much intensity by hurrying to a bare bones conclusion which almost reduces the two characters to a cliché.None of what happens in the story and none of the lines being said are out of place, and it is all very faithful to a reality that lots of us probably know first hand. But that's exactly why the characters, their emotional confusion, chaos, turmoil, insecurities, armours and all, deserved a bit more than what, when the end titles roll, feels like a High School project more than a College one (let alone a 10 dollars professional product).I am glad I played it. I don't hate it, and I enjoyed my time with it. But I was hoping for MUCH more. It probably reminds me a lot of my own old journals, and there's a reason why I don't sell them. (And please, do not think that any of the opinions so far expressed is based on the price tag. Everything I wrote in the first two paragraphs would stay true even if this were shared for free)."
76561198027252867,Not Recommended,408120,18851384,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Bohimen,"This is less of a game a more of a short story. Spoilers ahead (Let me save you a few bucks):Essentially it's about the misadventures of a sexually depraved teen who thought she met a guy online who gave a damn about her. Turns out he didn't (big surprise) and just wanted to get in her pants.On a side note, the amount of time it took me to write this review is about the length of the ""game"". Worth a dollar maybe, as the overall acting was on par for what you could expect from real life interactions such as this, but do yourself a favor and do not waste your time and money on this short story."
,Not Recommended,408120,18853595,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,tonyLoaf,"I feel the same as mostly everyone else. I thought this game was pretty interesting until it just cut short. The ending felt like it happened in the middle of the game, it leaves you going what? Where is the rest of the game I just spent money on? Kind of a rip off.Not only that, but the ending was lame in and of itself. Just another warning against online relationships. I had high hopes for this game, I thought it might surprise me, and everything looked really nice and the story was really immersive. And I also appreciate how personal the story was. I just wish it would have gone for longer.Overall, kind of a disappointment. I recommend not paying this much money for it unless they make it longer."
76561198134538703,Not Recommended,408120,22527400,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Da Funnyman 109,"Cibeleis a tough game to review, because even as it provides a step forward in video game storytelling, there are many things that bring it a step backward as well.Without spoiling anything:It's emotionally raw and absorbingly personal, and yet it rushes through its plot to the point where it feels underdeveloped.The game makes you think about a bunch of things that could very well stay in your head for days (if not weeks), and yet it's shorter than a TV episode if you just stick to the main plot.The game's interface pulls you in closer into the protagonist's experience, and yet for much of the game's running time it feels like there's less interactivity and choice than your average walking simulator.It's tough, because I want to applaud Nina Freeman (the game's developer) for making something so experimental, unique, and deeply felt, but at the same time the game's nowhere near as polished and developed as it could have been.I can definitely seeCibelebeing a stepping stone for other story-based games in the future, but until then it stands as the sort of work that neither succeeds or fails at what it's trying to do - it justis.As for whether you should grab it or not, I can honestly say that the price of the game is outrageous for a game of such a short length; it'll probably be overpriced even at 50% the crazy asking price.That being said- if you really want to play it to see how it is, I would reccomend sharing the experience with others; at the very least, then you're not just paying for a quick hour-long thing, you're paying for something you can keep bringing out and talking about with your friends. There are some very, very good things about this game that are worth apprieciating; I just can't wait to see those initial ideas be refined by other aspiring developes, or even polished up a fair deal by Freeman herself somewhere down the line.5.5/10"
,Recommended,408120,18873706,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sweet Dee,"One of my favorite horror novels, Mark Danielewski'sHouse of Leaves, begins with an unforgettable dedication: ""This is not for you.""This game may not be for you.However, if you spent your first years of college staying up until three in the morning chatting with online friends instead of going to parties, and if you have ever experienced friendship or love online, and especially if you have ever been a nineteen-year-old girl, this game is for you.InCibeleyou play as the MMO player Cibele (Nina in real life), an autobiographical version of the game developer herself, as she falls in love with another player, Ichi. Following in the tradition of other confessional genres, Nina Freeman uses her own old notebooks, fanart, chat logs, and, yes, lingerie-clad selfies to create a realistic history for her character. As a result, the haphazardly organized photographs, poem drafts, and archived personal websites on Nina's laptop could easily have been taken, with only minor changes, from my own computer when I was a teenage girl.That's when I took a deep breath and knew that I was really in for it.In the reviews I've been reading ofCibeleso far, there's a certain point where everyone begins talking about themselves and their own experience of love on the internet. When I was in high school, I met a girl whose name I now cannot even remember through Livejournal. We had so many nicknames and shorthands for each other that I know I won't think of her name until the end of this review. She lived in Baltimore, Maryland (or as she taught me to call it in a mockery of her accent, Murlan) and I lived in California. She was falling in love with me, and as a girl who had never thought about being anything other than straight, I was totally clueless about it. ""ilu,"" we would sign off to one another on AIM as birds began chirping outside our windows. We saved our lunch money to buy phone cards and lost even more sleep. The months went by and she became increasingly jealous of the friendship I was developing ""in real life"" with the girl who would become one of my best friends, and I became increasingly aware that there was something going on under our jokingly explicit declarations of undying love, and everything slowly, gradually fell apart. It was a relief that we had never met face to face, and that I could simply ward off uncomfortable feelings with an AIM away message.In that relationship, I was Ichi.""What are we even doing?"" Nina giggles at one point, as you float aimlessly together through the calming pastel world of Valtameri, killing enemies with little sense of purpose or direction, and talking in much the same way. What is it that we even do in these early internet friendships?Cibelemanages to capture some of that sense of endless time spent online, chatting with friends, keeping up with your PMs, writing bad poetry, the whole world ahead of you. Ichi isn't Nina's only online friend--we get a sense of her wider life in Valtameri, an ex who shared a private photo, a female friend missing out on their ""girl only"" boss runs. But he's the one who makes her giggle nervously, who encourages her to complain about her college friends taking her away from the game, who inspires her to have expensive underwear shipped to her dorm and pose awkwardly in front of the mirror.We know where this story is going, butCibele, short as it is, won't let you flinch and miss any of it. Ichi (whose real name is Blake, we piece together after another between-act absence from Nina's computer, only to find it exploding with mentions of BlakeBlakeBlake) tells Nina multiple times that he isn't interested in a relationship, but she believes he'll change his mind once they meet ""face to face.""Nina's vulnerability is painful. At times you want to reach through your computer (her computer?) and tell her to get offline, to go out on a blind date, to go to a party, to just go to bed. But she is still learning, about relationships, about love, about female friendship, about who the self is that she wants to be. For Nina this is a moment of transition and pain as well as love and romance.Like some other reviewers, I felt that the story wrapped up rather quickly, ending right at the end of Nina and Blake's brief relationship. I really wanted to log on to Valtameri one more time, to feel that emptiness, to see more unanswered emails from Nina's classmates, to find Nina's folders reorganized, maybe with her photos of Blake buried out of sight with those of her family home and her high school grin. But perhaps the aftermath of the story is less interesting because all of us, Ninas and Blakes alike, know what comes next. Graduation, adult relationships, the fading of that magical online world. We can't go back to theCibelestories in our own lives, and we're probably all thankful for that. But with this game, for an hour or two, we can."
,Recommended,408120,20937670,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Faudraline,"“If you expect nothing from anybody, you’re never disappointed.” ― Sylvia Plath,The Bell JarThere certainly is a lot to say aboutCibele, good and bad with a cumulative total ending up being ""the naivety of the superficial"".Cibeleis so superficial, so excruciatingly ordinary and basic, yet so real in that manner; it ends up being naively beautiful. Wait a minute there, I will properly explain what I'm trying to say as the review progresses, I promise.If we are to establish a definition,Cibeleis the combination of a clicker game that serves as a placeholder for an MMORPG, and a collection of FMV scenes, telling the story of Nina and her online romance, Blake. The story is based on real life events, coming from internet personality, game designer and new generation punk poet Nina Freeman's experience. The game retells Nina's first love and sexual experience with a guy she meets in a MMORPG game, through some FMV scenes and a symbolic gameplay. We witness 3 separate scenes, observe ongoing events in Nina's life through her computer desktop - mainly centering Blake/Ichi - and call it an artistic contemplation when it comes to an end in an hour.Well... I must say that it was a neat idea, yet poorly executed both in mechanics and display, yet surprisingly beautiful with symbolisms and characteristic undertone. It wholly consists of 3 sections: exploring Nina's desktop for photos, poems, artwork etc., playing the clicker game that serves as a symbolic MMORPG - Valtameri and watching FMV scenes either at the start or end of each chapter. Let's take closer looks to each of these sections in game, shall we?To be really blunt, Nina's desktop was the best part of the game for me. It is the real visage of a nerdy girl's private space, who's been having a hard time in her transition from a lonely teenager to a curious yet diffident woman. Bad poetry, clumsily scribbled fan art, old blog entries of teenage angst and selfies that scream for attention, yet ending up being timid and tedious are everywhere to be seen. Nina is no protagonist at all. She is a young, needy, shallow girl who yearns for some kind of attention or at least approval. She is real; she is there. She is the face of any inexperienced, self-conscious girl growing up in the selfie generation, with a yearning for being different. On that manner Nina herself is superficial, boring; yet unexpectedly real in being lost and insecure. Thus, she is the naivety of the superficial. She is possibly the new generation Emma Bovary.Valtameri, the online game that Nina is hooked up with is basically a clicker game where you'll click on random monsters to progress the conversation between Nina and Blake. There is no real gameplay to it, neither anything you can actually affect. Cibele, Nina's game character is invulnerable and it doesn't serve more than being an avatar for the events unfolding. There is no actual game world for you to explore. The whole MMO section is more of a collection of symbolisms set to establish an undertone for the relationship between Nina and Blake. For example, during the part 2, Nina and Blake have a conversation about self-image and self-esteem as they fight a boss in the shape of a fragmented human visage in a crystal hall. As I said, the whole game world is only an artistic display. It is not a game itself. On that manner, art work is very simplistic, painted with peacefully harmonious colors to depict symbolic imageries.Finally, the FMV parts... well, those were the ones that I enjoyed the least. They are basically a collection of Nina in different kinds of underwear, taking erotic pictures to share with Blake... and an implicational scene based on Nina's first experience with clumsy, teenage attempt on sexuality. As I said before: it is so superficial, that it ends up being naive. More scenes with actual contemplative actions could be added in my opinion, but these parts are basically ending up being there as fan service for Nina.When all is said and done,Cibeleis an interesting attempt to display a superficial happenstance through art and the reminiscence of a younger generation. There is certain amount of labor put into it, and I find myself unable to down vote it due to involuntary reality of it all. Would I really recommend it? Surely, if it's on a decent sale. With the current price, you may prefer passing it. Too bad that there is no ""Meh"" button with these reviews, so I'll be up voting it due to display being pinpoint.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561197968447924,Not Recommended,408120,18854661,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TheRawGeek,"If you don't want to spend money on this game but still want to see what it's about then check out my playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neAzP3vItTYI'd give this 5/10.I like interactive live-action stories/movies etc so it gets some points for that. Though this could have just been an indie short movie - throwing in an interactive element didn't necessarily detract or add much to it either way. Still - neat idea in the vein of Her Story and props go to the makers.I'm not recommending the game here, though do feel a little harsh for not doing so. It's not that you would hate it, but you might as well just watch a playthrough of someone who has already paid for it as there isn't really anything unique you can bring to it because the story is linear and all playthroughs (bar the order they click on the pictures or chat logs) will be the same."
,Not Recommended,408120,18858974,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Salmon,It could have been good but it is bad.
,Not Recommended,408120,18876897,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,jamiltron,"I really wish I liked this game more. I am a big supporter of games of all sorts of topics and ideas. The only problem is that I don't feel Cibele was well done.Starting with what I enjoyed - its autobiographical and about subjects rarely tackled maturely in games. I also  enjoyed that Nina put pictures, poems, etc to ground the game as a game about her.For what I didn't like - I really hate the whole ""is it a game?"" debate. But I really dislike it when I have no agency in games. This game is entirely driven by grinding in a bad fake-mmo and listening to voice-overs. You get emails you can ""Respond"" to, but there is absolutely no choice, exploration, or agency anywhere.It should be mentioned that the fake mmo game is very poorly done. Pathfinding barely works, there are a few animations you have to watch over and over, Ichi and monsters can walk off the path. It just makes the game unenjoyable.The story also ends abruptly. Maybe that is a thematic decision, but narratively it really seems to just shut the game down. Aside from one statement you do not really get any resolution or explanation to the events.I also think Ichi's personality really rubs me the wrong way. He's really the kind of person I could not stand being around or listening to, so having to hear him talk for an hour was really grating. This is further compounded by the fact that the game crashed for me before the third cutscene was shown, so I had to listen through the mmo portion of the third act twice, which is easily the most annoying (for me).I definitely think you should check it out if you want a game about mmos and sex and online relationships, but know that the narrative may end abruptly. Also understand that the ""game"" portion of the game is very taxing and unengaging."
,Not Recommended,408120,18960156,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,fullfathomfive,"Self-indulgent, short, repetitive. All the worst things about that one girl's breakup poetry in your college creative writing workshops, in game form."
76561198013049830,Not Recommended,408120,19088781,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Tingle79,"I can't believe i spent money on this game...I actually want a refund...I am normally a huge fan of narrative games that try to immerse the player but this was neither fun to play nor a good story...4/10. Really good idea poorly executed and the story didn't really end in my mind...it kinda seemed like there was a time limit and it just got shoved out without finishing it...if you want a good, emotional narrative game go play the beginners guide"
,Not Recommended,408120,18872387,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Swisscheese,I payed $8 to play this game for 6 minutes. I would pay $8 to not play this game for 6 more minutes.
,Recommended,408120,19448083,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,i hope zen kicks my ass.txt,"Self reflection is weird, and I'd never expect something like this from a game, but I can't wait for more like this.Being around Nina's age and having very similar experiences to what was portrayed in Cibele, this game was simultaneously a treat and a self reflective crisis straight out of heck. Everything felt very real and I was thrust back into my younger years of roleplaying on forums and hiding away with the people I had crushes on in MMOs as if it was our sacred space. I had almost entirely forgotten some of those days.I mean sure, now that I'm older and more removed from that insecure teen mindset, some of that stuff embarrassed me because I /knew/ I was exactly like that and it was almost hard to face that head on. It's posting on xanga about those neopets friends you hung out with immediately after school. It's getting the courage to show those friends what you look like and not knowing what to say when they don't bag on you. It's doing the same stuff in maplestory and wondering if you actually learned anything from before. It's being a confused and misguided teen in the mid 2000s and wondering what the hell any of this means.It didn't feel like sifting through a stranger's computer, it felt like looking through my own old harddrives and talking to my old friends. I put about an hour and a half into this, getting kinda sucked in to the experience and exploring everything I could. Honest to the point that you kinda cringe or squirm cos you know what's happening and just wanna pull both characters aside and just talk to them like a weird mom, I'd recommend this to anyone that drifted through internet love affairs. Learning about love makes you do some silly stuff. Here's to you, tiny me that didn't understand even half the things I do now."
,Not Recommended,408120,19031435,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Lora,"No. Just no.I admit the reason that I bought this game - probably the same with most people who bought it too - is ""this game is about love, sex and the internet"". Adding up to the spice, the game's trailer features a cute half-naked girl taking selfies showing off her body and sending them to her secret mysterious lover. It all looks good - we love the theme. However, the game failed hard.First, plot is awful. The game is about a girl's crush towards a guy, but I see utterly no reason of her falling for him AT ALL. He is not cute - ""skinny ghost"" is a pretty accurate description; he is not polite or gentle - he has a trashy mouth like a 14-year old and full of shallow flirtations that I feel awkward listening to; and he is weird - his insecurity issues literally come from nowhere in the third chapter. Well thinking back now, his ""I love you"" isn't sincere or convincing to me either, so maybe he just backed up. With only a ""I don't love you"", not even the classic ""it's not you it's me"" talk. What a coward.Second, gameplay is unbearable. The main body of the game is a poorly-made and super boring mini-game where the main characters fell in love. It's like a early-2k flash game. What you need to do is just click, wait, get stuck, click again. And for each fight, you need to do these over and over again for like 20 minutes while listening to two people awkwardly flirting. Aside from the mini game, you also get to explore the girl's desktop with some photos, chat histories and emails. That's about it.I really don't recommend this game - save the money and time. And go enjoy life."
76561198041869215,Not Recommended,408120,19646017,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Punky921,"Okay - so in a lot of ways, I was probably the target audience for this game. I loved Life Is Strange and I would absolutely play a ""Mass Effect; Love In A Time of War"" dating sim.Unfortunately, this game doens't work for me. This is gonna get a bit spoilery.Yay for passion projects.Yay for taking games further and exploring what a game can be.Yay for Ms. Freeman taking all these risks to make Cibele.Unfortunately, a game like this (which is really more like a slightly interactive movie, or Gone Home on rails) lives and dies on its writing and voice acting. It's HARD to write a story like this. It's hard to write a love story and get the sense of why a couple works, why you should root for them, and why they fall apart. I never got a real sense of the characters, and the writing does a lot of telling and not a lot of showing. The voice acting isn't very believable, and the actors themselves never quite seem to commit to the circumstances in which they live. I never felt compelled, and when the relationship predictably disintegrates at the end of the game, I didn't feel anything. And I really went into this game rooting for to succeed.Here's the real problem - it feels like Ms. Freeman really would've rather made a film, but needed to find a way to greatly reduce the budget costs of making a 90ish minute movie (which, even indie, can cost into the millions of dollars), so she laid VO over an MMO facsimile. This facsimile doesn't really feel like a game - you chase sprites, click them, and the game slowly auto kills them for you. I know you don't show up to a game like this for the game play, but the game play, like any other element of a piece of art, should serve the themes and story, and this MMO facsimile does not.Ms. Freeman and her director clearly have great eyes for cinematography and photography - they really managed to create a realistic world for Nina to live in. Creatively, there are talents on display here. But the whole thing never really quite congeals into something that grabs you.As a final note, the male love interest comes off as a real son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ by the third act (not even the end), when his intention to use Nina for sex becomes pretty clear. There isn't much to redeem him, but the game never really explores why Nina falls for him in the first place, why she agrees to sleep with him, and the fallout from his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ behavior."
,Not Recommended,408120,19223728,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,KWAIG,"I would like to say that I really hope you keep making games because it was so almost there. Even though it's based on a real life experiences it needed to be fleshed out instead of feeling like a self-concious glimpse. The idea of involving the simple gameplay was good, but the romance felt a bit beige and Hot Topic when I'm sure it wasn't in real life. Glad I played it but wouldn't want to again."
,Recommended,408120,22017368,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,JSNLV,"People are calling this game poorly executed. So was the diary I started at the age of 13—and I only need to look atthatfor a few seconds to feelfarmore powerful horrified regret than I'd get from hours with the latest roguelikeMinecraft/DayZvariant. Similar forces lurk withinCibele.Let me acknowledge: I follow this author on social media. We've never met, nor (I think) exchanged direct communication. Casual observation suggests that our lives don't intersect. We care about different things, we operate in different ways, and we're moving in different directions.Cibelemade me doubt that dissimilarity: perhaps we're more alike than I thought. Perhapsfarmore alike. I might believe this because I once occupied a role in a story that echoes the one she tells here, but it might just be that her story hides truth and universality behind its minute details.Graphics:a photo of your crush / 10Story:a long blog post you wrote ten years ago / 10Replayability:your first kiss / 10Overall:I once made the girl who liked me sit through the ""Eyes On Me"" cutscene fromFinal Fantasy VIII, and I can never undo that / 10In conclusion:Cibeleis all the voyeuristic truth I craved in adolescence steeped in all the self-reflection I've come to dread as an adult. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,408120,18852203,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Endless Odyssey,Young internet love is truly the most pathetic force in the universe.
76561198108160619,Recommended,408120,19972841,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,gonicko,"First of all, this is more of a story experience than a game. You probably already know whether you're into things like that.Secondly, yes, it is short, about the length of a full length motion picture. Other reviewers have commented that this title should be cheaper. You can rent an HD movie on certain streaming platforms for $3-6, so if you think about it that way, this title won't cost much more than that on sale. If you don't have qualms about giving a couple extra bucks to support indie devs who are creating experiences different from the norm, then I think you'll feel okay about paying full price for this title.The story really hit home for me. I felt like the characters were people I could have known growing up. Actually, I hate to admit it, but I feel like I could have BEEN one of these characters. The long-distance internet relationships, awkward interactions, teenage blog posts, instant messaging 4 different friends at the same time with different moods in each conversation while voice chatting with someone else--the feelings were all very familiar.Some reviewers have said that the pseudo-MMO aspect isn't engaging enough gameplay-wise. Sure, it's no .hack, but that didn't detract from the experience for me, as it mainly served as a backdrop for the very real and very human interactions between the characters. Thinking of it in contrast to a visual novel rather than an MMO might make more sense.All told, I recommend it. Your mileage may vary if you want more from a ""game,"" and the value proposition may not be worth it for those who don't relate to the characters and situations presented, but if any of the situations I described above made you feel a tinge of nostalgia or regret, you might be as touched by this story as I was."
76561198086861016,Not Recommended,408120,19558728,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Elcor Gish,"Summary: I like Nina. I like this game. You probably won't.I have a hard time giving this game a review.Despite being a fan of Nina and the material she tries to cover in her work, I find myself thinking that this is not much of a game. The story is an interesting one, and I can see why this medium was chosen to convey it. The trouble is that the actual gameplay portions of the game are a point-and-click minigame that isn't interesting or engaging for the player. In practice, this section of the game serves as little more than a backdrop that occasionally demands action on my part; ""the experiment requires that you continue.""All that said. I enjoyed my experience with the game. Will you?Well, this game speaks to a certain group of people. Did you spend a lot of time playing MMORPGs sometime between the ages of 16 and 23? If so, then you stand a fair chance of finding yourself connecting with the characters and possibly their situation. If you didn't have an interest in that style of game around those ages, then I'm not sure that the narrative will be able to grab you in a meaningful way.If after reading this you aren't certain one way or the other about this game, buy it on sale. It's awkward and over too soon, but that's life, right?"
,Not Recommended,408120,18960342,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jobabob,"Sadly while a fascinating concept, poorly executed and would likely work better as a short movie. Its too short and for someone who went through a similar event in their life, I did not feel captured the awkwardness of immaturity and relationships.If you do buy it anyway, don't refund it. Write some criticism and help the dev, accept what you are paying for."
,Not Recommended,408120,32757710,Posted: 24 June,all,GravexRobber,"Barely an hour of content, no replayability, nothing interesting. Just an unfortunate, awkward romance story. I would have rather spent my $5 at the movies, than spend it on this half-baked visual novel. Emily is Away is free and much better than this."
,Not Recommended,408120,20233692,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zed Clampet,"I really hate to downvote this. I love these little passion projects, but this just didn't do anything for me. The story was very basic and there was really no gameplay at all. The MMO parts were so boring that I dreaded them.  I like the main character and have seen situations play out like this in real life, but this still didn't engage me. I was glad when it was over."
,Recommended,408120,20439150,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Star Maid GamesPublishers:Star Maid GamesInitial release:Nov 2015Genre:Adventure, Experimental, FMV#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationThe short and reductive version – A slightly more depressing and uncomfortable but interactive version of the YouTube series “The Guild” by Felicia Day.The slightly more detailed version – You as play the developer of this game or perhaps a character.. maybe some summation of possibly real experiences of the human Nina Freeman. The main interface is that of her desktop. A bit of a homebody, she has a number of online friends mostly gained from the game she plays online. Which I think a lot of people can relate to in the modern world. The game shes plays from what I can surmise is a fairly dull and repetitive MMO; But that game is mostly a vehicle to deliver and give atmosphere to the conversations she has with her friends.I found myself surprisingly engaged with the conversations she was having. While simultaneously feeling VERY uncomfortable as if I had invaded someones privacy against their will; against MY will. Which I think is by design. I don't want to really say the degree to which these relationships go or how many there are but I think if you've heard anything about this game through the grapevine you can probably guess pretty accurately what happens. However, I think its pretty unique of way of telling this specific story.I find that these sorts of experimental kind of 'artsy fartsy' games usually overstay their welcome as in; The hook has penetrated, enraptured you and then made you wait to hear its secrets. But this one feels like it 'under'stays its welcome. I feel like it ends a bit abruptly.The comparison to 'Her Story' is easy but accurate. In all honesty, this tells a different story about something else entirely. After playing both, I like Her Story overall a bit better but because Cibele made me feel uncomfortable that maybe hits a little closer to home than I'd like to admit and in ways that Her Story did not. It is uniquely different.Follow my curation for more"
76561197980796094,Not Recommended,408120,32746681,Posted: 24 June,all,witness1,"Well, it was an experience. Basically a short film, this game makes you live through three encounters with Cibele's online love, which is also her first love. The boy Blake is anti-social, and not good with relationships. The ending (the only one to my knowledge) is a bit interpretative. If you like a quite basic, but still engaging love story drama, this one is good. Though both characters seem to suffer severe memory loss, judging by the dialogue in the third film scene and the following game section, as they repeat most of it, as if they never talked about meeting up and ... other stuff. Is it worth your time? Yes. Is it worth 10 bucks? Questionable. Just please don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and play it, like it and then refund it. It is shorter than 2h, so if you liked it, pay the creator.Follow me as a curator athttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/28337205-Fair-Minded-Witness/?appid=298050"
,Recommended,408120,25393197,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Itrade,"It's a very short game that tells a pretty personal story. I enjoyed it, but it's definitely not for everyone. Probably something good to pick up on sale and burn through in an hour. If you're looking for a brief experience in the life of a teenage girl, this is as good a place as any on Steam to find that."
,Not Recommended,408120,18951207,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,merlinmagi,"Ok this 'game' is terrible. The story is basic, dialoges are something a 14 year old would write. The gameplay part is awful it amounts to click things until they are dead no skills or abilities. The game lags and caches all clicks meaning once you kill something you end up running all over the place.Would not recommend even on sale.This review is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because it does not deserve a good one. Buyer beware.I streamed it for my LeagueOfEvil game stream only so we could take the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.https://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=rNuyd1HZoBg"
76561198118457608,Not Recommended,408120,18960571,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Panda,"I think it's an interesting game to have played, though i wouldn't recommend buying it. The story is short and not very rich, though it did a good job of reminding me of my teenage years."
,Not Recommended,408120,19510849,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Your Dad 27,"Sorry, but, what on earth did I just play?Cibele is like one of those games you try to like. You try to sort of have an open mind to it because it's from a 'niche' part of the gaming genre in general.But the game itself? it felt like a B class movie to be quite frank.Felt like a PSA about people who live online. Kind of actually takes a chunk out of me because it sorta brings a bad rep to people who have relationships online and it refers to, in my opinion, a very small amount of unpleasant people here.I dont usually want to refund a game but I actually want my 6 Pounds back. Quite a let down considering it was on the supposed 'Games Awards'. It's a great try but it is extremely under developed.The game has potential. Started of very well but ended very abruptly and was just a very confusing ending rather than a cliffhanger with a meaning behind it. It wasn't even a cliffhanger, just more like a gentle rise with a steep decline.Sorry developer, gotta try harder next time."
,Not Recommended,408120,20306140,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Robot Hobo,"I wanted to like Cibele, but it just felt more like a diary entry than a game or even a short film. It's an interesting idea, but It just didn't make for a very compelling experience by the end. I guess I was looking for some interesting twist that was never going to come.I think the problem was that this story will only really resonate with someone who has been through a similar experience, but if they have, this telling isn't really any more interesting than the experience they've already had. It's sort of a catch-22. It feels (and clearly is) very personal, but personal in kind of a bland way.I do appreciate the chances Nina Freeman takes with her games, they all feel like potentially fascinating experiments. I just don't think this particular experiment was one of them."
,Recommended,408120,20707371,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,sarahnorthway,"An awkwardly real portrayal of first love, told through mixed media with a simple representation of an MMO. Looking through Nina's desktop, her chat logs and selfies and poems, is just agonizingly personal and so much like my own teenage life it gives me goosebumps. Want to know how it feels to be a young geek in love? Play Cibele."
,Not Recommended,408120,20338214,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Zajlakel,It's not a game.It's a short story about a guy and a girl.It's :A) Way too short (less than one hour)B) Way not a game (even mindless clicking games like diablo has a gameplay. This thing has none).C) Not fun.D) Deceiving and overrated.
76561198047540254,Not Recommended,408120,18897897,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,StardustLuna,"This game's story is okay. However it is much too short to really develop the characters. I get that this is based off of a true story, but I feel that this story would have made a better fit for a short animation or movie of some sort. The actual 'game' part is very minimal and takes a back seat to the continuous dialogue and messages that the main character gets. You don't even have to play anything as the other character will kill everything for you and neither of you can die. The art was okay, and seeing glimpses into this person's life was interesting, albeit a little creepy."
,Recommended,408120,23797832,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Deckard42,"This game tells the story of two people who meet and start a relationship through an online MMO. The game is story driven and there is little gameplay to speak of; what is there really nails the monotony of MMO combat a little too well. I found myself really disliking my time during those segments as I do with most MMOs. Every chapter has a story bit and some time spent in the game where you kill minions until the boss shows up, then it retreats and you have to kill more minions until it shows up again to meet its fate. The gameplay is a vehicle to showcase the in game voice chat between to two main characters. I just wish they changed it up a bit to keep it fresh.I liked the faux desktop environment interface quite a bit and how it changed between the chapters as time went on. The blog posts you find on the desktop were from the creator’s (Nina Freeman) old livejournal account, that was a cool touch. You might find, as I did, that the dialog between the two main characters is cringe worthy at times. I don’t think it’s poorly written, I think it hits very close to home if you’ve ever played online games because you've seen it or participated in it at some point.It’s only about an hour long but I think it was a good little story that is relevant to people of a certain generation."
76561197970869826,Not Recommended,408120,30102341,Posted: 22 February,all,TrueMole,"Felt like the an outline of a story that hadn't been written yet. The 'game', within the game could've been video and it wouldn't have lost anything overall. Would've made a better short film or book."
,Not Recommended,408120,24173951,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,mashamoshpit,"This game does a lot of things wrong and a lot of things right.Things that aren't the problem with this game:It's an interesting idea, having some interactive elements and FMV scenes to tell the story, similar to Her Story. It's only about an hour long so it's easy to enjoy start-finishin one sitting. It does a great job touching on online relationships, online games as social spaces, and what it's like to be an insecure person navigating relationships. The visuals are very cute.Things that are the problem with this game:While the main character's relationship develops in the game, the characters never do. Granted, it's not like a long period of time has passed between every act, but it leaves me feeling unsatified because at the resolution, there's literally nothing left otherwise. The characters don't seem believable and act incongruous to their beliefs. I'm not sure that the FMV itself added anything to this game.Bottom line: it was ok if you're interested in the themes but it's not worth the price it is being sold at."
76561198039914811,Recommended,408120,20531930,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Pixillate,"The best way (for me) to think of this is as a short interactive art piece. For what it is, I really enjoyed it.It is similar in concept to Emily Is Away, which was free last time I checked, so you may enjoy starting there."
,Recommended,408120,34029394,Posted: 4 August,all,Matthus Aurelias,"Super awkward, yet fun throwback to what it was like to be young and new at love. Especially in the internet age."
,Not Recommended,408120,19532397,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Panda Assassin,"The controls are annoying and the story is shallow and transparrent. The whole experience makes you feel like you're being thrust into one bad decision after another, but not in a good way."
76561198062493139,Not Recommended,408120,19523006,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,GherkinMerkin,It's really not a game. It's more like an interactive story. Basically all you do is click stuff and listen to the voice actors. II'd only recommend this game if you have no regard for gameplay in your games
,Not Recommended,408120,19561498,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,VKapadia,"The game sounded very interesting. I read quotes about this game getting sex right, portraying young love and awkward relationships well, and having an interesting and immersive story. No. This game was boring. The controls were terrible (clicking around Nina's desktop was painfully slow, and Cibele would always get stuck). The game in the game was really poorly done, you just click and wait and click and wait (and coupled with the painfully slow mouse movement, it just dragged on). And the story felt really stiff and forced. I really wouldn't recommend this game. I feel like the writer has an interesting story to tell, it just wasn't executed well and maybe a game isn't the best medium for this, a short movie would have been better."
,Not Recommended,408120,20197742,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zahir_SMASH,"It was an interesting hour or so, and Cibele is aethetically pleasing with an a unique premise that anyone that has ever started a long distance relationship can relate to. Ultimately, the story feels unfinished and not very satisfying. This may be by design, but I nonetheless have not felt the strong connection so many critics have felt from this game. I suggest watching a playthrough if you are still curious."
,Recommended,408120,20358794,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,HootNebula,"Like a short story, Cibele is a short and charming game. Focused on delivering a single punch, this narrative-focused game is a sign that videogames can touch on sensitive manners and have a greater impact in our culture."
,Recommended,408120,20572474,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,chungki,"While short and a little clunkly, Cibele nails it's story.For anyone whose lived this narrative, it's sweet, familar, honest and sad. It's feels inimate yet lonely.I highly recommend taking the journey."
76561197970291212,Not Recommended,408120,20463184,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Psychohead,"This is a rough one to not recommend. It's a cool idea. I really like this game on paper. In action, however, I found the dialoge -- and the bulk of what you do in this game is listen to two people talk -- was super stilted and flat. And yeah, I get it, it's supposed to be two dumb college kids talking on the Internet, but even accounting for that I was left wanting.Would love to see more people take a stab at something like this, but I'm afraid this time around it just didn't grab me."
,Recommended,408120,30868823,Posted: 31 March,all,qumage,"Cibele is a short (rougly 90 minutes) PC-use simulation game with interstitial filmed scenes about forming a first romantic relationship and building an early sexual identity online. It's about the awkwardness of that interaction, the potential unhealthiness of disappearing into that relationship when it only exists inside an MMORPG, and the power dynamics which exist between vulnerable, isolated teenagers online. Playing Cibele looks like exploring the file system on a femme anime fan's desktop, and logging onto a grindy MMO to talk to a boy over voice chat.The developer is clearly trying to convey this experience of forming an early relationship through an online community. Many of us had first loves just like this. I can relate to it. The characters are shy and uncertain even when it's abundantly obvious that they're attracted to each other. The 'love' between them comes from a real desire to connect and express affection, but is ultimately shallow because they're not full adults with the self-knowledge and real empathy gained only through experience. The male character's perspective is softly misogynistic, and the protagonist is mostly earnest. In my experience, that's broadly how young men and young women act online, because it's how they're socialised to behave. I thought the writing was the strongest part of the game. The value and the demerits of this relationship are nuanced. It's a deep portrait of a shallow romance.I found clicking in the file system difficult, because I'm used to a mouse cursor set to very high sensitivity, but that may be my own hangup. Fittingly, the MMO mechanics are repetitive. That's okay, because the gameplay of the game-within-a-game is hardly the star of the show here. Character depth, cute digressions, and some important information is held in the file system on the protagonist's desktop. I especially liked the writing about Final Fantasy X-2, which I played at this age, and which was also important to me (although I remember caring more about the dresspheres than about Rikku's secret past with Gippal).Valtameri (the Finnish word for 'ocean'), the fictional MMO the protagonist plays, is a pastel fantasy world with in-game social hierarchies, just as real MMOs have. It's a femmey, pretty world with static rules. The love interest's avatar in this world can cross boundaries our protagonist cannot, and deals more damage to enemies than the player avatar. His movement is assertive, and the player's is necessarily reactive. At one point, the love interest pooh-poohs the Final Fantasy series. The protagonist is clearly a fan, and the developer has said that the game is based on her experiences in Final Fantasy XI. The protagonist plays it down, but there is a power relation here, and a performance of the masculinity which debases and eats femininity.If you grew up in the noughties, you may remember performing your identity online by putting lists of bands you liked on LiveJournal, and complicated outcomes of how young men sexualise young women, and how young people of all genders sexualise themselves. Please play this game, and reflect on your experiences, or perhaps the alien experiences of others. It's the story of what it's like to be a young woman receiving flattering male attention. This is the story of who we were, and of who some of us still are."
,Recommended,408120,20166386,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mz Cookies,"Extremely interesting concept which I hadn't encountered before in any game whatsoever. This game is immersive and short BUT in my opinion it would not appeal to a wide variety of players. I find this heavily aimed at young female gamers to encourage reminiscence and self reflecton which it achieved beautifully. The focus on this game is based HEAVILY on Nina's relationships and is not based on immersive shoot em' up gameplay, so before you buy this game .. please take that into consideration.The reality of this is pretty surreal and I have come accross countless online relationships like this and so to play a game based on that idea created a very interesting experience.I would recommend this to all female gamers who may have encountered a similiar situation and all others with an open mind. Do not expect to shoot things, complete puzzles ect. Enter the game with an open mind and you will be submersed into the reality of Nina's life."
,Recommended,408120,20307396,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,blzzzrrttt,"A few things before I begin; I would describe my experience with this game as negative but it is my hope that Cibele will have a positive impact on the medium of video games. A review marked as 'negative' probably wouldn't help this game reach any kind of success, so for the sake of trying to be helpful I'll settle with the blue thumb. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone I didn't know personally or anyone at all really.I don't feel great recommending anything to anyone but I can confidently say that if you don't see any value in games as an artform then there's probably nothing here for you. If you do however, you might derive some enjoying in seeing what Cibele has to offer. Whether or not you'll walk away from it positively or negatively is unknown to me.-Cibele follows the age old rule of three rather strictly;  there are three different sections of gameplay, the story is told in three different acts and the bosses go down after the third time you fight them.The first of these is the virtual desktop of Nina, the protagonist. It's littered with folders filled with various pictures and documents of a personal nature. I often felt a sense of voyeurism, and sometimes dread, looking through Nina's files. The content isn't graphic or even scandalous. Quite the opposite actually. It's a mix of selfies, poetry, photography, chat logs and archives of old blog posts. Some might call it ""cringy"" but this isn't where my problems lie. My issues stem from those last two items, the chatlogs and blog posts. The awkward ramblings of a teenage girl resonate with me more than I'd like to assume. I'm not one to look back fondly on the things I've said, made or done. Seeing bits of myself and the way I used to think and express myself online in these files brought on a feeling that most would describe as disgust. I didn't like looking at them.These do not need to be opened or looked at to progress but they provide a nice amount of context to the kind of person Nina is and was. These files also fill in the gaps between the time skips that occur throughout the story.The second third is the MMO game-within-a-game you play called Valtameri. It's definitely the most ""game-y"" of the three parts of Cibele and, unfortunately, it isn't very good. But that's not the purpose of it. Valtameri is an almost insulting distillation of what MMO gameplay eventually becomes, a means to socialize with other people. A virtual space to hangout in. Valtameri is a crude facsimile of one half of the MMO experience, actually playing the game. Its actually kind of hard to believe that anyone could enjoy actually playing this game due to it's lack of depth or substance.It does convey its point rather effectively though. It's the method by which Nina and her object of desire, Blake, interact and speak to each other through. These portions mostly focus on the social aspect of MMOs as the true focus is not the game but the conversations being had, both text and actual voiced dialogue. It's an aspect of these kinds of games I'm turned off by. I played over 50 hours of TERA recently on the least populated server in an attempt to isolate myself from anyone else who might be playing. There was once a time when I embraced and enjoyed the social features of an MMO and the idle chatter in these portions felt oh so familiar. These are fond memories mind you, but I experienced them with people whose names I hardly remember. I don't really like thinking about these sorts of things.The third and final side of Cibele are the FMV cutscenes. Most of them are short, interstitial videos that bridge the gap between acts but there are a couple of longer scenes that add to the story. They do a good enough job of establishing the mood and vibe in the moments following and preceding the acts. The quality is a bit... poor but I think they're shot and framed rather well.At this point I hope I've made it clear that I didn't have a great time with Cibele. Most of this negativity is from my own personal experiences and how I view them now. Obviously your mileage may vary for a lot of the content but even in the case of the things Cibele does that you can look at objectively I have a hard time justifying them as anything other than decent at best.Despite my distaste for it, I can recognize and appreciate the risks it takes. The autobiographical nature of the story is something that is not often seen in games. When it is, it's usually in games that are available for free and distributed by more personal means. The fact that Cibele is something you can buy with actual money on a rather large distribution platform with such high visibility fills me with a bit of hope. A hope that games of such a personal nature can reach an audience and experience some modicum of success and a hope that it will eventually inspire someone to create something greater. I don't like this game very much but I'm very glad it exists."
76561197995352213,Not Recommended,408120,19510473,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,callowGuru,"Cool demo. If there's a full version, let me know. I really want to see where the story goes from here.Oh, this is the full version?I wanted to like this game, but there just isn't enough there to justify the price point."
76561197993451085,Not Recommended,408120,19474961,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,lahouari,"This is not a game, it is interactive story video. it does not seem you have any choice on the game story therfore replayability value is very little. though I like the concept I think it would benefit from deeper story, and definitely longer one. since it is 1 hour long maybe 1,5 if you read all text in game... it should not cost more then lets say 1.5$/£I was expecting bit more drama at lest I think..."
76561198076404931,Not Recommended,408120,18870647,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,puumbaaa,worst game
,Recommended,408120,20277492,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cooper,2015 has been a good year for coming of age games. This is up there with them.
,Recommended,408120,20345174,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sarie,"An anthem to the socially awkward millennials who, under the crutch of self-imposed physical isolation, seek to feel ways about stuff via the virtual connections of the Internets.cul8r FFXI bf"
,Recommended,408120,19063998,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Morgan Blair (Shoukanjuu),"I'm just a few years older then Nina, so the timing of the technology and some of the experiences are not that far off from my own. It's a very strange place to revisit that place in time, and exploring the web posts, photos, chat logs—it brings so much back.This isn't a game for players looking for mechanics and levels and that kind of thing—this game is about putting yourself in the perspective of a person navigating relationships online and off, during a particular time in the history of the internet. For some, it will resonate very closely, depending on their own experiences. I can't say that it was a particularly strong or moving experience for me, but it does provoke some interesting reflections on what my attitudes and expectations once were, a decade-and-a-half ago."
,Recommended,408120,20183135,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bodomi,"It's a short story driven game that I think a lot of people can relate to if you played MMO's when you where a teen till you where a young adult.There's a certain type of us that love games like these that very often are described as ""not really being a game"". If you're into those kinds of games then I'm sure you'll like this one.The game is good for what it is and I'm sure Fallout 4 is as well, but I've never really liked the jist of Fallout, that doesn't mean I'm going to give all Fallout games a negative review.Games like these cause me to reflect on myself heavily as I play the game, they can trigger emotions.As I already said, you most likely know if you're into these kinds of games, that, in my opinion is pretty much what decides if you buy the game or not, games like The Beginner's Guide, Pregnancy, Gone Home, Dear Esther and even Jazzpunk, in my opinion these games don't really require a review, you should know if you're into these kinds of games after reading the description of the game on Steam and looking at the screenshots/trailer of it, that's almost 100% of the deciding point.As for the price of this game... 6.7$(or your regional equivelant) is a bit high, I bought it on sale for 3.4$, and I think something around that would be a much more reasonable price for the amount of gameplay you're getting, but when you think about it, some of these games aren't always about how long the game is but how the game can speak to you, make you reflect on yourself, how it makes you feel and the impact they can have on you emotionally.7/10."
76561198279870013,Not Recommended,408120,24798802,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,christian585,"Cibele is the new worst game I have ever played. Everything I hate about games and society in general is in this game. Let me review the game one quality at a time:Story: Nina Freeman plays an MMO and meets someone online named Blake. As the game goes on, the two get intimately closer and start to talk about meeting each other and having sex. Let me just say that the ending of this game is one of the biggest slaps to the face you will ever get in your life.Graphics: The graphics are amazing for a game released last year, and the graphics still hold up today. Everything is colorful and nicely detailed.Sound: The sound effects are bad, unbelieveably bad. The dialogue is the highlight of this game.Controls: Click on a enemy to start attacking that enemy. If you want to move in a certain direction, you have to click in that direction. The controls could be worse, but it works.Gameplay: Keep defeating enemies, then eventually a boss appears. Click on the boss until it eventually dies. There is no challenge in this game. You CANNOT lose. EVER. Even if you try...hard.Final verdict: AVOID this game at all costs. I paid $8.99 just to see the worst game ending I've ever seen since the 7th Guest. You thought the games you grew up with were bad? This game makes those games look like masterpieces in comparison. Just go to Youtube and watch the ending for yourself, and stay the hell away from this game."
,Not Recommended,408120,20772061,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,nupangea,"This game is mindless clicking with repeative moves that you must do between scenes. The scenes are very good, but the actual play is very boring."
,Recommended,408120,28366180,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,insightofland,being a teen is awkward the boy sucks but i was probbly like boy uh oh i suck
,Not Recommended,408120,34767480,Posted: 5 September,all,mcmanray,"While I enjoyed Cibele, I wouldn't describe it as a game as much as an interactive narrative.  I think the experience of first love, or any close bond in one's formative years of internet use is fascinating.  Unfortunately, the playable game within the narrative, while visually pleasant, is tedious.  It is not time consuming, but it is an aimless yet unavoidable segment in each of the story's 3 acts, it absolutely distracts you from the narrative."
,Not Recommended,408120,35091447,Posted: 20 September,all,MTCkitten,"Firstly, let's talk about the description and how true the game stays to it, ""Cibele is a game about love, sex, and the internet. "" Love and the internet is a strong theme in this game as this game is based on the protagonist being a girl who plays some type of MMO/RPG game (Something along the lines of WOW but simplified) who also falls inlove with a guy from her guild or group. Sex is thrown in there as some lame fanservice to attract perverts and we're awarded with an equally lame sex scene.Possibly the most deceiving of the description is this, ""Her relationship with him heats up, becoming more and more intimate with each phone call and private chat."" Which will make you think that the game will last longer than atleast one hour (Spoiler alert, it doesn't). The game consists of THREE chat segments. None of them reach any levels of intimacy as the first call is the love interest calling the protagonist cute, hot, the best and etc. Second segment consists of them talking about meeting up, kissing/ having sex and they finally say they love eachother, Third segment is where they plan to meetup however the guy is blantantly hesitant.The gameplay is a chore, sure it's all cutesy and pretty, however it's bland. Now, I'm not asking for the next call of duty whilst trying to listen to a socially awkward guy call a girl hot whilst she dismisses him however the delivery of the story could've been better, prehaps have the game totally focus on the relationships of the other people that the protagonists talks to instead of occasionally getting a message.Anyway, the story is pretty much spoiled three minutes in of playing as one of the many friends of the protagonist object to the love interest, calling them an♥♥♥♥♥to which the protagonist defends the love interest whilst the friend reminds them that the guy is only nice because she has a pair of♥♥♥♥♥♥Short story short, guy and girl fall in love, guy has doubts saying he clearly doesn't want a ""relationship, to meet up, or to get close to anyone"" to which the protagonist forces him into doing anyway then protagonist gets used for sex and the guy leaves. (The protagonist also had like two guys interested in her at the time which seem to be more engaged and excited about meeting her or having a reunion with her but obviously they're not good enough).Don't buy this game, or buy it and refund it"
,Recommended,408120,18893099,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,@willoneill,"Here is a strange thing about attraction: Sometimes, you only like a person enough to sleep with them exactly once.The strange and sad thing is that sometimes you have no idea who these people will be until you actually do it.But, then again: Sometimes, you do.The difficult part is that, when you're betrayed by somebody this way, they're always going to claim - even unspokenly - to have been the former rather than the latter.And only you can decide how you want to carry that: How much you believe them, how much you care yourself, how much you want to think of it as a part of growing up, or how much you can accept that looking back on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things with a certain amount of fondness is weird and strange and true.Cibele is really short. There isn't much to it. But saying much more would probably mean saying less."
,Not Recommended,408120,23123610,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hikkupp,"In short, this game is not worth $8.99 - especially when you have games like Undertale in the same price bracket.It's disappointing because the concept seemed so promising and the visual style was very cute."
,Not Recommended,408120,18910773,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,visenya,"By the time I was invested into the story, the characters and the ""gameplay"" it was over, I wasn't left fully satisfied and was left with a feeling of ""where's the rest of it?"". Visually it's appealing but it just didn't live up to the expectations which is really upsetting"
76561198241322670,Not Recommended,408120,19330705,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Afro_oni,"Blunt straight to the point review: I'll write my true thoughts later but This is the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game the worse experience I have ever played or experienced, Wonderful artwork, terrible story execution, and boring gameplay. Usually I'm very open minded with most project like this but this is hardly a love story more like someones senior thesis. She is literally cheating you with your money and your time. Don't play it."
76561197973269730,Recommended,408120,19484518,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nightfire,"I first heard about this game onGiantbomb, when Austin Walker interviewed Nina Freeman at PAX. At the time,Cibelewas in a pre-release state and I was intrigued by its premise. Now that I've played the final product, I must admit that it is not quite what I expected, but nevertheless I was not disappointed.This game is a story about a long distance relationship. You play as Nina, who has met a young man named Blake inside a fictional MMORPG called ""Valtameri"". She ends up falling in love with him. He seems to feel the same way, but unfortunately he lives across the continent from her. How can they make this work? Do they even want to? The lines between flirtation and commitment can be confusing in an online relationship, but these types of relationships can also become surprisingly passionate. This game explores all of this stuff, and does so with honesty and integrity.Cibeleis essentially a 2D point-and-click adventure game. I use the term ""game"" here loosely, however, as the main focus restsentirelyon the story. That is to say, there isn't much ""game"" here at all. As you play within Valtameri, you will quickly notice that there are no items, no experience points, no level-ups, and indeed, no way to die!But that is entirely the point. The ""game"" only functions as a backdrop to the story, and the story works best when uninterrupted. I happen to like a good story, so this suited me just fine, but if you're the type of gamer who needs constant action and explosions in order to be happy, I would suggest thatCibeleis not for you.If you do like stories, however, you will find that the writing here is genuine and relatable, the characters are interesting, and the voice acting is competent. The story kept my interest throughout, and when the ending came (far too soon, at that) it left me wondering what happened next.I don't want to give too much away, as it is a very short game (roughly three hours), but what I will say is that the game is apparently based on real events that occurred in Nina's life, and the autobiographical aspect only lends additional strength to the narrative. The game is absolutelypackedwith supplemental content in the form of letters, poems, photographs, chat logs, and blog posts that can be viewed in-between the chapters. Most of this stuff feels like it might have been harvested from Nina's personal files on her actual hard drive. At times, I felt like I was reading a diary. It takes alotof courage to put such a personal part of your life out there for all the world to see, and I can only admire her for doing so.My only real gripe withCibelerelates to gameplay performance. I experienced some severe frame hitching during the Valtameri sequences despite the fact that my PC exceeded the recommended system requirements. There were also some long load times. Nina used this opportunity to inject some humor into the game, however; you will hear her saying ""So slowwwww..."", as though she is referring to Valtameri's laggy servers. This self-awareness is very clever; it is as though she is saying to her audience that sheknowsCibele isn't the best piece of code, but nevertheless is asking us to bear with her. I was only happy to do so.It feels a bit strange to reviewCibelestrictly as a game. More accurately, I would describe it as a piece of art that just happens to be using the video game medium as the means to convey its message. This is not a bad thing. It's just a thing. It's different. Different can be good.I enjoyed Cibele. We need more games like this."
76561198037803294,Not Recommended,408120,21201813,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,THE BIG BOY,"I gave this game a fair shot.It's a giant waste of time. This game's story is as cringy and awful as you might've expected. There are no surprises here left for you to uncover. I get that this game was supposed to be about teenage drama, first love and awkward sex but the game is no fun to play and boring as hell. The ""MMORPG"" section is tedious point/click with some below-avarage voiceover, the rest of the game is just reading garbage poetry, watching Nina's photos from 7 years ago and waiting for something interesting to happen. This moment never came.Neither did I.I was hoping for some boob or a nipple or something so I can wank and feel good for about 15 seconds but once again I was left dissapointed. Me and my member do not approve.At this moment the 9€ price tag is WAAAY to high.  I'd buy that for a dollar."
,Not Recommended,408120,20537907,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Katosepe,"I want to preface this by saying that I'm glad games like this exist. I'm a big fan of projects like Gone Home, Dear Esther, The Stanley Parable and similar games. That being said, I think Cibele crosses the line past game and more into film or something else entirely.There really is almost no gameplay to speak of here at all. The game is split between time file surfing on Nina's desktop and playing the online game with Ichi. Each time you play the game, you click on enemies which kills them and eventually, a boss comes. Rinse and repeat a few times and the boss dies and you move to the next act. Even this small amount of gameplay was frustrating as the character often couldn't make her way around corners and I'd have to maneuver her to find more enemies to click on. It's a small gripe but considering that it is literally the entire game, it stands out quite a bit.That's really not the reason to come to this game though, anyway. The focus is really on the storyline, an online first love between Nina and Ichi. While I'm positive that this will resonate with some folks, it just didn't with me. To go more into detail would inevitably spoil the experience but if you're older than about 18, the story goes exactly how you'd expect with the actors providing decent, if not stellar, performances.It's hard to say more about this game. It's easily completeable within two hours (my playthrough lasted 89 minutes) so if the premise sounds really interesting and you're looking for a short experience, maybe this will be for you. Based on my experience though, I just can't justify a recommendation to most players."
,Recommended,408120,20481386,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Threskiornis moluccus,"ichi is a fukkin hakcer and is using teleports and goes out of bounds at the very least!also hi jason, guess what: ~• oits yours"
,Recommended,408120,19595369,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,roseofbattle,"Nina is an incredibly honest person, and I appreciate seeing that come through in her games. I'm a big fan of some of her other games (such as Freshman Year) because these games are about topics usually ignored in games. Cibele focuses on relationships over the internet -- mostly romantic, but also platonic! The game reflects a lot of my own experiences, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a short story about games, the internet, and perfectly awkward flirting."
,Not Recommended,408120,19490194,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Captain Japan~,I thought it wouldn't be♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I was wrong.
,Recommended,408120,19667236,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MGBR,"After the deception I had with The Beginner's Guide, I was a little apprehensive with narrative based games, but this title surprised me positively.I liked the way things go and the story seems believable, even though being a little small in duration."
76561198092353233,Not Recommended,408120,34100424,Posted: 8 August,all,Eucliwood Hellscythe,i was very dissappointed not for anything that it was basically a vlog with a lame flash game attached. I get it was supposed to have a meaning behind it but when the meaning is something you should have learned pretty early at this day in age is kind of dissappointing. Does this really educate anyone i offer this lesson for free to anyone close to me but this needed a 10 dollar price tag. it could have been a really neat game and lesson if it game you freedom in game pathing and choices too the same end. If you decided to stay with ichi the same game would have been achievied but having different paths to see some of the other supporting characters or end up with them to different effects. its an ok story but a pointless game in the end
,Recommended,408120,25365747,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,masakiuma,"If you love narrative games, Cibele is a must-play.If you are offended by games that can be beaten in an hour, or don't have a ton of action, this is not for you.I went into this game completely blind (did not even know who Nina Freeman was), and I'd recommend doing that. Nina definitely poured her soul into this game. All of the blog posts, messages, and online conversations felt real."
,Recommended,408120,20870901,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,zeke_difficulty_5-medium,A sensitive and honest portrayal of first love and online relationships -- charming and also sad.
,Recommended,408120,20686328,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Riggs,This game made me think about things I had thought I'd forgotten.
,Recommended,408120,20520130,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Crohawk,Probably the most uncomfortable a game has ever made me.Definitely would recommend.
76561198063084151,Not Recommended,408120,29640455,Posted: 1 February,all,emmye,"**SPOILERS**Just a note to say that this sort of thing is usually right up my alley, and I was very much looking forward to it.Full price is WAY too high for this ""game"". There's really no game at all, and the story is mediocre. Basically if you have fallen in love with someone and had your heart broken, you have ""played"" this game in real life. I guess it's ""good"" in that the story is therefore quite relatable - especially in this digital age - but it's not really a story that needed to be told.The fake MMO is awful, and it's the only actual gameplay in this thing (I do not count clicking around, reading emails and looking at selfies and LiveJournal posts as gameplay). Whilst you navigate it, you get to listen to two characters awkwardly flirt, tell each other they love each other, and read PMs from thirsty dudes telling the MC she's hot and whinging that she no longer ""hangs out"" with them or whatever."
,Recommended,408120,25682860,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Bocgnr,This really hit home. Very good. The Starscream shirt was too real.
76561197986836795,Recommended,408120,25685795,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,marianomiii,Very engaging story that totally pulled me in and left me kind of shocked at the end.  It's a sweet and kind of depressing tale of first love.  Totally recommend it!
76561198057116349,Not Recommended,408120,32280112,Posted: 8 June,all,ldyjne114,"No good.  I mean, really, I want my $8.99 back.  This game was so utterly boring I was happy when it was over.  All this game entails is listening in on conversations, reading a bunch of crap about poetry and anime, and absolutely zero interaction.And the in game game?  Good good.  Trying to get the character to move was a PITA, and I am not sure it would have mattered had I just sat there and done nothing.The useless drivel of conversations she has with her friends are annoying and pointless.And the end?  Wow, Blake.  You're a putz.Just don't waste your money - I wish I hadn't."
,Recommended,408120,30623447,Posted: 19 March,all,Case,"Cibele consists of a fake computer desktop, much like a hacking game, except you play a 19 year old geek girl addicted to an MMO. Gameplay is essentially multitasking through the short and strictly linear story being told. You play the MMO which is simplified to just clicking on enemies, listen to voice chats your character is having with an online crush, read incoming emails and chat, check new Instagram posts and browse your character's harddrive. Using her computer really immerses you into the girl's character and her story. I just wish there was more content. Particularly the ending is very abrupt with no explanation whatsoever.Overall a very unique concept that I think should be expanded upon in a future game."
,Not Recommended,408120,18920104,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Zidoolan,"Having read some blogs on this game I felt I had to give it a try. It's only £5 so not much to lose. Having played it, I don't feel it is worth the price. I want to like it because i've wanted FMV and Choice games to be successful since I played Sewer Shark on the Mega CD! I have played Emily is Away and found that to be excellent, but this is basically just a short film with a very frustrating 'game' played whilst you're talking. I understand the concept is they meet playing games, but why'd it have to be so very annoying? I think people in their teens and early twenties may appreciate the story more. When you turn 30 you forget all the mushy stuff and instead worry about pensions and mortgages. Maybe a version about transfering credit card balances and changing house insurance might be more suited to me.So, If you're under 20, smile at kitten videos and don't remember MTV when it used to play Music AND this game drops below the price of a film rental (£2.99) then give it a go. It'll take you little more than an hour to complete and most of that will be spent playing the worst game ever (the game within this game - I cannot describe how awful it is). I find the script corny, but i'm thirty-six and therefore have no idea how the youth of today speak, maybe it's shockingly accurate. I just don't know. Emily is away is cool though. It's similar in a sense and it is free and the point of download. If you like it you can donate. So, yeah, go play Emily is away because its free and better. Play Cibele if you're under 20 - I don't understand the adult rating on this game - spend lots of time on Tumblr and want some video and talking in your game."
,Recommended,408120,19240769,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Niymeh,"More of a mix of ""walking simulator"" and visual novel than anything else - since you have no real input into what happens in the game, you merely observe as the story unfolds - Cibele tells us the story of Nina: a young girl on the cusp of womanhood who enjoys an MMO, and her relationships in the game.Since this is more of an autobiographical vignette than a game I think I can understand the underlying motivation, but how it comes across is rather strange.  I figured out what would happen almost immediately, but when we eventually got to that point the game just... ends there.Because of that, the story leaves me feeling unfulfilled and unsatisfied - which I suppose is exactly the point, though it would have been nice to see a little more of what happened next, or even more detail as to what was going on in the timeline of the game itself, as connections are made and friendships become more intimate with very little being given to us between scenes to show it, even in the desktop sections.The actual 'game' sections were very tedious to be honest and left me feeling cold.  The voice acting in them was enjoyable (at least for Nina, I'm pretty sure that Ichi wasn't meant to sound as creepy as he did) but even with the auto-attack mechanic the MMO-feel was lacking - the in-game messaging system being more of a 'click if you want' than adding anything beyond one or two sentences and irrelevant to the story.The real meat in my opinion was in Nina's desktop sections and the cutscenes, which felt both intimate and disturbingly voyeuristic - it would have been nice if these sections had been expanded a bit to show off more of Nina's life so we could get to know her better as a person rather than just a body.Ultimately I can't say that Cibele is a bad game, but I wouldn't call it a good one either.  It has some excellent moments that really get you to identify with Nina, but they are fleeting and never given the depth I wanted.If you want an extremely short (the developers say 1.5 to 2 hours, but I finished it in just under 1 - and I took my time) visual novel where you just let things play out without having any decisions to make, you'll probably enjoy this.  If you want an in-depth game or something with choices, this isn't for you.I'm all for mature themes and Cibele gives it a good go, but there's not enough depth in the game to have Nina's insecurity and desires come through beyond a few moments (but when they do, they work well).Saying all that however, I give this a positive rating because games like this deserve to be seen and I want more of them to exist. Without support for these early attempts, we won't get the ones that come after, and I look forward to what Nina Freeman and Star Maid Games do next.Unfortunately I suspect that most people will be playing this for the scenes of Nina in her underwear."
76561197971166248,Recommended,408120,19323660,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Metaphilosophical,"This is a very short experience. You might say that it is a ""sketch"" of a game, rather than a fully completed game. However, I am amazed that it was sold on Steam, got enough media attention to interest me, and I played through the entire thing.If you do play it, I would advise you to keep an open mind. If you do that, I think you might find it worthwhile.I hope more people make games that are expressive like this."
,Recommended,408120,19087734,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Aquma,"Ahh, this game took me back to high school and early college! It captures the awkwardness of coming of age and being online so well. Nostalgic in a way that was so endearing and helped me revisit and enjoy those memories. The length is perfect and the multimedia way they told the story was very clever."
,Recommended,408120,21595090,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Lusterly,"Despite the clunky mechanics within the point and click MMO within the game, I found myself really immersed in Cibele. It was a nostalgia trip to my own days falling in love with people on the other side of a video game screen. I enjoyed sifting through her desktop to uncover her different thoughts and feelings, her past. Some of the dialogue was a little cringe-inducing, but I feel like my own chats from FFXI days would probably be even more so. It did make a small impact on me, and I won't forget about Cibele anytime soon. That is, until I do. Just like I forget the naive days of playing an MMO in my teens, as I grow older and know much, much better than to fall in love with a stranger."
76561197967683322,Not Recommended,408120,19295980,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Skittles,"There is not real ""game"" here.  Nothing is fun. Nothing is a challenge.  You essentially sit, clicking a mouse inside the most simplistic 'game' ever written waiting for tidbits of dialog or tiny pictures that are hardly worth looking at.   The dialog is so mundane, it's like listening to two boring teenagers with self esteem issues who find each other. Sweet?  Not really.  I understand, they are not supposed to be glamorous.. that's the point but a game should have enterntainment value.  At the very least I expected some sexy cut scenes, but a half hour into the game and there was one 15 second segment of Nina taking a selfie in fairly boring underwear.  Big deal.   Considering the hundreds of hours of artwork in quality games, this game is just an insult.  I would like it if she had cut loose, examined her wild side.  But no, she is just a stilted hung up, self conscious late teen.It is not any kind of challenge.It does not tell any real kind of story.The pictures are small and unappealing.It is no entertainment value.It is NOT fun(or even vaguely interesting)I should have read the reviews but  I thought.. ""Who could make a story about a girl posing in her undwear boring?""Answer:  This developer!I should really ask for a refund."
,Recommended,408120,19106274,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,HelloAlice,"Personally I love this game because I can see it for what it's worth. Everyone below complaining about how it's not good probably wasn't able to get into it. Games like these aren't for everyone but personally I can connect with nina. I can't say it was really engaging, though I do reccommend it for sentimental value. It really was like I stepped into someone else's life even if I didn't have any control of it."
,Recommended,408120,18969809,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,farret883,"A short, yet touching game.  Those late nights chatting, talking, listening, playing, they may not mean anything to a lot of people.  But for those that grew up online, that made virtual, faraway friends, this game reaches into a very deep part of their soul.  This game reminds me of the first time I was challenged by the virtual/reality divide, when I was no longer able to just pretend this person only existed within my computer.  It reminded me of my first love, of late nights and early mornings and long days and long phone calls and heartbreak and sadness and reflection and resolve.  It touched a part deep within my memories that I'd nearly let go."
,Recommended,408120,18962049,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,[4thRRS] HaDAk,"Cibele is less of a game, and more of an art piece.  That being said, I quite enjoyed it for what it is.  It felt familiar and comfortable, and reminded me of my younger years.  I highly recommend this title for anyone that doesn't want a long game with complex mechanics, or would just like to enjoy a voyeuristic approach to storytelling."
76561197982516491,Recommended,408120,18941792,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DrgnSlayerDyne,"I wasn't sure what to think about Cibele at first glance, but word of mouth from peers had me intrigued to say the least. What I found was an utterly engrossing experience, that took me back to a strange part of my life. I felt slightly ashamed about the world I lived in when I was 19. While I don't regret it, playing Cibele trudged up some thoughts I hadn't dealt with in over a decade. It captivated me, and more importantly made me reflect on my life as a teen entering adulthood and how the internet shaped it.For anyone who grew up in AOL chat, or lost in an MMO community, Cibele is a journey well worth experiencing even if it lasts a little over an hour."
,Recommended,408120,19021531,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,UsrBinAnnika,"This one really sucked me in. I found the format very engaging, it was almost like becoming another person for a short while. I suspect repeated playthroughs would be very much the same (you make very few decisions during gameplay) but even so, I enjoyed going along for the ride."
,Recommended,408120,22441564,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,shodan2020,"There isn't much of a ""game"" here, but I am recommending it because it gives you an intimate look into someone's first internet love. There aren't any other games out there that tackle this subject so personally. It's not a very long game, but it's worth a shot if you're interested in the subject matter. I'm glad I played this game."
76561198065241730,Recommended,408120,23291976,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,AurumWeaver,"Maybe not worth the full price, but certainly a very good experimental game (although it's not to put in all hands)."
76561198159865004,Recommended,408120,22603413,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,netasmail,Interesting piece of autobiography that many people can relate to.Unique expirience.
76561198123272642,Recommended,408120,19493748,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,wymoup,"Cibele is interesting. It has a unque story that hits some unque issues and that is the whole allure to the game. If you want fun gameplay, skill trees, and learderboard. you are in the wrong place. But if you want a great story told in an unque way then this is your game."
76561198261919913,Recommended,408120,19537372,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,whinertakesall,"Cibele is a game I had heard nothing but good things about. VICE, Wired, and a few other blogs I follow had all given it glowing reviews. As a woman who loves video games, I get very excited when I see games written by women, and I gladly shelled out the eight-something dollars for the game. However, after playing it, I was left rather unimpressed. I got through the game in just under an hour, which was disappointing. (Though, perhaps I didn't spend enough time clicking around on Nina's 'desktop.) The premise of the game is interesting. Nina, a college student, falls in love with another player on an MMORPG, named Ichi. The game follows the romance and its eventual demise. I liked this premise, and how she decided to go about presenting it- it reminded me of myself when I was younger, with the selfies, anime wallpaper, and chat logs of my friends. The user can click around Nina's 'desktop', read her emails and look at her pictures- some of which are intimate tokens of affection. This is interesting but there is not enough information to give us backstory on Nina or Ichi, but is a nice touch. The game itself, where Nina + Ichi have their voice chats, is beautiful. The landscapes are lush and the textures are very pleasant. The 'combat' is simple- you just click on a monster to allow Nina's characeter to attack it. While aesthetically it's great, the story just isn't there- which is primiarly while I played it. It was a good, if light, story of first love. The music is beautiful and so is the art. I felt like this was a good attempt at a story game and I do apprecaite it, so if you can buy it I recommend you do. It's entertaining and visually, very nice- but you can skip it."
76561198001955869,Recommended,408120,19529369,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ax01,"I will tell you that the trailer did sell it. And it doesn't seem what it is (maybe the reason of the mixed opinions).Still I recommend it because I felt close to the situation. The chats and the chat logs feel real of how it written, the voice chat is also nicely acted and awkward like it has to be, maybe a sometimes the dialogue were too far apart.But! Don't expect doing much, it is more of Visual novel kind.It's damn short, I didn't felt it as a bad ending but I was really surprised it was so suddenly done.PS: Kinda fappable"
,Recommended,408120,19691449,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,MichZurek,"Cibele's strength is how it puts you in the protagonist's shoes through the game's desktop interface and its game within a game aspects. There are a few short FMV cutscenes which set the real world setting and tone (like showing Nina sitting in front of her computer, framing the game around the idea you are playing as the girl playing the game on her computer). For the bulk of the game, you interact with Nina's desktop and play a fictional MMORPG. You can browse old photos of Nina, look at her drawings, and read through her blogs, poems, chatlogs, and emails. In the actual MMORPG, you move an avatar around the screen (you don't actually cast spells or attack; this is done automatically), chat with your online friends, and listen to conversations between Nina and Blake. The core of the story, and the heart of Cibele overall, is the dynamic between Nina and Blake, two awkward people who end up having a relationship through an MMO.There are some rough spots around the edges, like some of the FMV could have been shot a little better and the game Nina plays could have been more interesting, or at least easier to navigate the avatar around the game world (even though playing the game within the game isn't really the point of Cibele). That said, I really enjoyed the overall experience. Cibele feels like a passion project about a very specific type of experience. It isn't an elaborate or complex game. Instead Cibele is more focused about throwing itself out there. It's about capturing the intimacy of Nina's story.The framing device, the pieces of information scattered throughout Nina's computer, and the intimate nature of Blake and Nina's conversations come together to tell a unique story that is enhanced by how the game is presented."
76561197971314470,Recommended,408120,19594408,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Blacklark57,"First, lets get this out of the way- yes, the game is short. The reviews I read stated around 2 hours of playtime, it was around 90 minutes for me. If that's a deal breaker, read no further.This is more akin to watching a slice-of-life film than playing a game. There are some diablo-esque combat in it, but it's mostly there to keep your fingers busy while waiting for chat replies. If you were a fan of Gone Home, this will probably appeal to you as well.The story itself was enjoyable. You get several glimpses into the life of a young female gamer, with all the complexities and layers that entails. This isn't about a plot heavy story, its about story telling for the sake of illumination. We are shown scenes from this girls life, and then, abruptly, it is over. There is a short note at the end, but beyond that the viewer is left to draw their own conclusions.While I found this highly enjoyable, I definately felt there were several areas that were lacking (warning, possible spoilers ahead). First of all, I felt like not enough time was spent dealing with the character of Blake. Here is a person who is clearly suffering from some deep emotional and psychological issues, yet, it is mostly used to prolong the tension and buildup to the story's romantic plot. There was so much more room to develop this further, to really look into what effect this has had on the young man, and those around him.Second, I felt like the music was...somehow off. It is overly dark and dramatic, and felt like it would be more at home in a suspensful horror film. I kept waiting for the plot twist to turn out that one of the two characters was a serial killer or something, but when the story ends on a quiet note, it feels very out of place.. It's certainly not a deal breaker, but I feel like the game could have been better served with something more mellow."
76561197972948993,Recommended,408120,19499597,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,freeall,"I can't remember any game where I felt I understood the character. Heck, so few games actually have a well-written character. But by reading Cibele/Nina's poems, looking at her pictures, her drawings, reading her chat logs, and listening to her talking to Ichi/Blake all is invited her mind. I feel like I just spent a little over an hour understanding what it's like to be an insecure teenager who gets a crush on a guy she only talks to online.Is it a perfect game? Probably not. But, it is the only game I've ever played where I felt connected to a character and that is really special."
76561198008662288,Recommended,408120,19325911,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,HeadCase,"Have you ever gone through someone's files when they weren't there? I haven't, but imagine this is what it would feel like! Snooping into this teen's poetry and photos... Some of them being very private. Not as much FMV as I expected to see from a walking simulator, but what you get is ahem.. plenty.Someone had commented to play this all in one sitting. They were right.  Make sure no one is home and you have the time to go through this (an hour and a half if you are slow). It's a true story and you want to experience it just as Cibele did.10/10 ""would right-click pictures to try and save them again."""
,Recommended,408120,18882311,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Miss Misandry,"short, poignant, sweet. reminded me entirely too much of my own high school/early college experience. I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,408120,18954775,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sgt. Pepper,"This game might be a bit too real for those of us who spent our awkward teenage years on the internet and playing online games.The game speaks to the experience perfectly, I could not recommend it more."
76561198080803931,Recommended,408120,19243903,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,BlindPlay,"its an interesting little interactive visual novel. i enjoyed it, but it leaves me with a bit of an aching a like to the way i assume most everyone will feel after playing this."
,Not Recommended,408120,19129118,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Jiru,"I would see this more as an 'interactive novel', rather than a game. It isn't a game, since my actions had no impact. It doesn't take the story into another direction, neither does it impact the ending.Cleared this within an hour, and the amount of content was kind of disappointing.There were attempts to make it more like a game, via the 'mini-game' which was supposed to be the mmorpg the protagonist was playing. However, to put it simply, the gameplay was extremely boring and it felt more like a chore I needed to get through to advance the story.Given the reviews I've read on other sites, I was extremely disappointed by the experience I had in Cibele. The real-life cutscenes are weird, and the voiceover of the two main characters flirting sounded really unnatural. Even though a good story could have salvaged it, I felt that the plot (or what was revealed in Cibele, since it's based on a true story) was poorly developed and it left me thinking that I shouldn't have paid for this game at all.I would not recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,408120,31741554,Posted: 14 May,all,SailorPeanus,I hate myself for playing this hot barbage. I just sat there---uncomfortable...hoping the game would get better...but no. It did not. I just sat in my discomfort for an hour.
76561198045525910,Not Recommended,408120,19097355,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,BigDaddyCruiser,Awkward Booty Call the Game
,Recommended,408120,18964194,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Avagardra,"Cibele tells a very personal and enlightening story that addresses things that hits a lot of us some point in life, confidence, the ways men take advantage of that, and infatuation. It tells a very complex story of one girl's life very efficiently through elements of web design and the story is highly sympathetic, even towards aspect of internet interaction we are usually very hostile towards."
,Recommended,408120,18877581,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,mmmmMozart,"After reading a positive review online, I bought and played Cibele today. As someone who grew up at the same time and played an MMO for quite a few years, I found the story thoughtful and relatable. I don't need to know what happens in the future - a snapshot into the online relationship of two kids is just perfect. It's a short game, but it tells a story. I thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,408120,18897899,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ode to J.O.I.,Wow this is a neat story I can't wait for it to really get going and really start dealing with the drama that's unfolded*Credits start*
76561198025788446,Recommended,408120,18880529,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,RottenHedgehog,"I seldomly play games that are emotional or personal. Most games that have stories about love and relationships are set in an epic fantasy worlds. And feel very much ""written"" and artificial.In this game the epic game landscape is just a vehicle to tell the very, very personal story of a young girl meeting her first love in an online game.I was very surprised how intimate and realistic 'Cibele' feels. Everything from the desktop folders to the selfies to the blog and chat logs read crude and awkward and what you expect a teen girl to feel. I was absolutely not that type of girl, so it was interesting to dive into the character and her life and get her know better. Get behind that wall of selfies and anime.The only bummer is the end, though. It came up unexpected and without any explanation. Although that's what probably happened to that relationship in real life.Fantastic work. Would love to play more games like this."
76561198019066186,Recommended,408120,18889013,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kalahari,"Interesting autobiographical vignette into someones life at specific moments in time, filtered through their computer desktop, online game world and avatar.   Cibele invites you to explore the perspective of the naive central protagonist (Nina) and her burgeoning online romance; with all the embarresment, awkwardness and uncertainty you might expect, cocurrent with typical (maybe satirical) MMO grinding.There is very little player agency given you are emphatically put in someone elses position.  You get to know the proganist by having unfettered access to her computer files including photos, old poems, blog posts and chat posts.  The result is uncomfortably voyueristic, and the effective use of cut-scenes to deliniate between the 'real' and the 'virtual' adds to this.The relationship between the real and the virtual worlds is a major theme as the 'virtual' is interrogated both as a space that facilitates genuine openness, sharing and connection, but also carefully cultivated representations and fantasy/projection.   The relationship itself and the love interest are open to interpretation from our limited perspective; we can chart how events unfold and transcribe what was said, but never really know their thought processes or intentions.  Just what they choose to show us....And isn't that always the way?"
,Recommended,408120,18874295,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Taehanu,"Cibele is, at its heart, an interactive love letter. To first loves, and first losses. To yearning, to heartbreak, and to a young woman's first attempts at learning to love online.Cibele is set in a world that is familiar to all of us-- a desktop, complete with an anime-esque magical girl background, chatlogs, downloads folders, files filled with old photos, and the glittering crystal icon of the title character's favorite MMO.Picking through these literal snapshots of autobiography (the game designer herself features in all of them) helps piece together the portrait of a very creative and emotionally vulnerable young woman.Cibele/Nina, with her tremendous self doubt, is human and heartfelt. Her story is one that is uncomfortably familiar to many of us... Going online in search of the love and human companionship she craves, she grapples with inexperience, insecurity, and trying to love someone who does not want to be loved.The ending is poignant and painfully real. Not everyone is as perfect as they seem. ""I love you,"" unfortunately, is no guarantee.THE VERDICT: Recommended for those who like a realistic love story, interactive emotional journeys, and lots of delectable Final Fantasy/MMO/Anime/Manga references."
,Recommended,408120,18961007,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Saint Cat,"I read about this game and just had to play it. A few bucks won't hurt, so why not give it a try?I really loved the intimate atmoshpere and with every episode it was getting harder to click through files on a stranger's PC just for my own amusement. You do get some kind of relationship to Nina. YOu do feel kind of guilty about going though her PC.And some of you will feel weird, because you can relate to this story. And Nina. And all that's happening behind the text messages, emails and stuff that's not only going on betwen Nina and Blake, but also between Nina and her friends.I've spent all my teens and also my first heartbreaks in MMORPGs, so this story/game was just what I needed this autumn."
,Recommended,408120,18893286,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Blast73 (Maud'Dib),"I can completely understand why Cibele could grab a player into its narrative. After playing it, I find it weird that I wasn't drawn into it myself. Part of the reason I think it didn't fully connect with me was the game within the game. While listening to the characters voice chat players are tasked with playing a fake MMO. The gameplay in this MMO is terrible.It's buggy, it's laggy (my machine is more than capable of a lagfree experience so I don't know where that came from), and it's uninspired. One could argue that it isn't too important if the gameplay is solid when the story is so lovingly told. I would argue that means the gameplay has to be even better. Tell me an inovative story (which they did for games), but also give some innovative gameplay.Simple things like polishing it up, making sure it runs properly would have done enough that I wouldn't be distracted by it (which sadly it took me out of the story). Maybe have Nina's character logout of the game after a fight with Blake? (something like in Depression Quest when agency was purposefully taken away from the player can be pretty impactful) That would require a slight restructuring of the story but still.Aside from the fake MMO () gameplay it was good. I hope the developers use it as a learning experience and make something where all the aspects are as good as the story.A few side observations/suggestions:1. Why does a mouse click sound play at the desktop when my actual mouse makes a sound? Super nitpicky, that one2. Try to invest in a better camera for any future live action scenes and get a director (rent a camera/get a film student)3. The bosses in the MMO would often go out of bounds and pathfinding sucked, this made me frusterated which wasn't fun"
76561198246812142,Recommended,408120,18894942,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,PropsRF,"I bought this the day it came out and was pretty much going in blind. I was compelled by the small bit of info I heard about the story direction this game goes. After beating it in about 90 minutes I can say i was mildly satisfied with it overall. Not much here in terms of gameplay, although that's kind of the point. I enjoyed the story a lot early on and I think it did a great job overall conveying what a lot of relationships can be like here in the 21st century. The core gameplay is very basic and just has you pointing and clicking through a ficticious MMO while the two main characters interact over voice chat.  It doesn't sound like much but the dialogue kept me interested enough to want to see what would happen next. The ending wasn't terrific but this was a unique experience that I did enjoy and the main female protaganist (and game designer) deserves a lot of credit for opening herself up the way she did and sharing a very personal journey. Solid overall game    7/10"
76561198198014006,Recommended,408120,19047873,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,magic_seannasaurus,"It fits into the recent trends of games that don't waste your time, which is great as I don't have as much time to play games as I'd like.Heartfelt and incredibly personal."
76561198011343406,Recommended,408120,18946616,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Marundo (Mark),"The game is short, but takes games in an interesting direction. It is a story about life and relationships. I enjoyd and would reccomend. I would like games to continue to move in this direction."
,Recommended,408120,18891725,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Felicity♡,"This isn't a game. Lemme get that out there right away. The gameplay is merely a means to hold you up so that the voiceovers can do their work. That said, it simulates mmo grinding extremely well.This is the short story of one person's experience in an online relationship, molding together themes from both first loves to young loves. It doesn't matter that it happens to take place online; these feelings are generally universal amongst most human beings, perhaps being unknown to the absolute fringe most antisocial.This work seems specifically to be an interesting act of coping with what was obviously a rough period in her life. Or, as many people have experienced, an amazing period that ended in such a way that it made all that time completely horrible.Is this specific work relatable to everyone, though? No. Not everyone went through the same internet-specific relationships the author did. Many more have nowadays, and even more will in the near future, but someone looking for a video game won't find such a thing here. Those who did have such a relationship probably heard every line spoken or written in this game in their own life off-script, with just the names changed. Most of these lines are even universal to facetoface relationships.Poor things: the cinematography is somewhat lackluster. It's not bad for an amateur work, but each scene didn't seem to speak video-wise the same way the emotions were coming out audio-wise. I don't really review movies, though, so I guess I can't give good criticisms here.Blake's voice actor wasn't nearly as good as Nina's (Nina herself? I didn't check lmao) as delivering awkwardness. His lines felt just a bit forced when he is supposed to be a charismatic guild leader. Personal chats are always different, but the way he is presented and the way he acts seem to not synergize.And, of course, the gameplay being nonexistent.Overall, I related to this work, and therefore it was worth playing. Was it worth the gate cost? Probably not, but that doesn't bother me much."
,Recommended,408120,18881067,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,thewanderer,"This is for people who : enjoy narative stories, appreciate a persons strength of characterThis is not for : pewpew gun people (you know exactly who I'm talking about)This is a narative story about the author's experience regarding a relationship started with a person in an online game, eventually leading to meeting, sex and then I'd imagine a broken heart.Congradulations Nina and Starmaid for getting your story out there.For those posting negative reviews, actually view this for what it is, an expression of the creator, and also a cautionary tale about people you meet online."
,Not Recommended,408120,19687318,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mehdi,This game prey's on 12 year olds looking for some boobage. Super cringy too.
,Recommended,408120,18923866,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,dank memes,Played this game with the real 'Blake' doing commentary. 10/10 would bang.
,Recommended,408120,18879353,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Derpstep,"The game completely fails at depicting an MMO and can't live up to its potential as a life-simulator. Despite those flaws, it's one of the saddest and most depressing games I've ever played and had a serious impact on me with its multi-layered writing and messages. I can only recommend it."
,Recommended,408120,18845526,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Edgy Egg,"Cibele is a short affair that has you browsing Nina's desktop over the course of several months. You can read emails, view archived posts from her blog, and look at pictures. This all helps give a sense of the kind of person you're playing as, and I highly recommend exploring the desktop before launching the MMO every time you can. It helps give a sense of what's going on outside of Nina's conversations with her internet boyfriend. Some of it is cute, some of it is a bit sad.In the MMO, you mostly talk to Ichi while mindlessly clicking away at enemies. The conversations are not terribly romantic considering the subject matter, but the awkward exchanges really ring true to me as someone who is also very introverted and has had an online relationship. There's also other players who will try to chat with you while you talk to Ichi, and you're free to engage or ignore them as you please.I hesitate to say much more for fear of spoilers. The things you've heard about how this game explores relationships in the digital age, that's all there. There's also a lot of almost cringe-inducingly nostalgic details sprinkled throughout that feel very true to life. I felt feelings with this game."
,Not Recommended,408120,18850949,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Alice In Wonderland,literally just downloaded it and its so stupid. why did i waste my money..
,Recommended,408120,18878643,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,blukpun,"I like this game more than anything i played this year. It works well on Linus through PlayOnLinux, thanks for that)"
,Recommended,408120,18886292,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ugottmatt,"Whilst short, its a great experience. not for everyone, very story driven."
,Recommended,408120,18863310,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ArcticFoxUSA,"TL;DR -- If you've been in a relationship with someone you met in a video game, Cibele will take you on a feels trip down memory lane.  If not, you will probably not find it as enjoyable.Let's get the obvious out of the way first: this isn't a game.  The ""gameplay"" of the MMO portion is terrible and token, and I believe it's designed that way -- the point is to zone out the actual game and focus on the various characters interacting with each other.  Any veteran MMO player can understand that feeling well.I've been in various online relationships before, and each act of this game reminded me a little of a different element of each of them.   I wish the game was longer -- it could use another act between the first and second to build up some tension, and I would REALLY appreciate one more act after the last one, just to see how the characters deal with their feelings about what happened.Abrupt ending aside, if you want to take a feels trip about online relationships you've had, give this one a look, especially if you catch it on a sale.  If not, you can safely pass."
76561198020851933,Recommended,408120,18871792,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Akrasian,"I liked this game for its spot-on portrayal of being a teen talking to other teens online, doing goofy anime fanart, playing MMOs and hanging with friends. I recommend it to anyone who also made silly geocities fanpages and felt a bit dorky and awkward after high school. It's not a game that requires strategy, rather, it's about sifting through stuff, managing all your friends, and remembering (or learning) how it felt."
,Recommended,408120,18884291,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,wavebeem,"If you struggled to understand love through the filter of an online video game in the 2000s, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,408120,18885509,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,FOXHOUND__,"A delightful, very personal look at what it's like to be a person of our generation."
76561198062985830,Not Recommended,408120,18867451,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,I Create Edgy People,Sucks Bawls!
,Recommended,408120,18880789,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Stefan8000,"Nice Game, nice concept. I like it, but it is a little bit too short at the end."
76561198140936169,Recommended,408120,18876666,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,benhaderle,great empathy builder
,Recommended,408120,18863733,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Axel,"Cibele is an intensely emotional and personal experience. Nina Freeman invites us to remember what it's like to forge relationships online and in-person, experience love and heartbreak, and deal with the awkwardness of intertwining a real-world life and a virtual one. If you've been through a difficult and complex relationship of any kind, the game will strike a meaningful chord with you. It doesn't try to sugar-coat or even provide hope for the often harsh realities of relationships, while also not being so bleak so as to push you to not want relationships at all. It encourages you to go out and experience all the positive and negative emotions the world has to offer, and legitimizes that experiencing it through an online game is no less valid than experiencing it in person. This valuable experience is wrapped up in some wonderful art and music, and a clever and well-thought out interface. If you grew up on the internet in the early 2000's, you will find yourself in Cibele."
,Recommended,408120,18863812,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Berseker,"A strong and disturbing game, and a very smart case of form and content matching.If you are looking for good gameplay or efficient time/$ ratio, you will probably be disappointed. But if you are interested in seeing this medium used to make us feel things and experience stories in a way that no other medium could, Cibele is definitely worth playing."
76561198001704658,Recommended,408120,18864297,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,alachronism,"I think, perhaps, the beauty of this game comes mostly in its vulnerability. If one didn't have a formative experience similar to that of the kind depicted in this game, it very well might leave the player feeling bored, annoyed, or even confused. If, like me, you spent a lot of your youth playing online games, making distant friends, and perhaps even awkwardly exploring your sexuality in the age of the internet, this game is almost sure to resonate with you on some level.Many of the reviews here seem to critique the game on the awkward, at times cringe-inducing dialogue, as well as the repetitive mindless clickfest. I think they miss that both of these are completely intentional and very, very realistic. This is not an experience meant to be a fun, engaging game. It is meant to evoke feelings of youthful uncertainty, of unspoken longing for connection and love, for self-acceptance in a world where you can hide behind a screen. It is a digital snapshot of growing up. If that sounds boring to you, I highly encourage you to pass over this game. If that sounds like someone you used to know (i.e. your younger self), something tells me you'll be thinking about this game for days to come."
,Recommended,408120,18870815,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,thisisnudge,"It's beautiful. It is more a poem than a traditional game with end bosses, so we can easily scrap most of the reviews here that demand more gameplay, I think. It is different. And different is important. I like the dialogues. I played it twice so far. The moment when she says: What are we doing here? is so true in such a story. It is one of the most personal games I've ever seen, and it is about love and self-doubts. I also guess that if you've never experienced such a love story, online, through blogs or games or so, with all its stupidity and insecurity, you'll probably miss the point -- and will call her just another teenager, will call the good game rating cops, the aliens with big guns and uh Obama, of course. Obviously! Wait, wot?"
76561198017925561,Not Recommended,408120,18883982,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Pearl,"You RP as a pink hair whos pretending to play a 'game' (lol) while chatting to some ultra beta cringe hero, while at the same time being an ultra cringe pinky. The saddest part is it's a true story. This actually happened. People actually talk like this to each other.My favourite part is right after he bangs her he says ""i dont love you."" I burst into laughter. Best part."
,Recommended,408120,18861622,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Mumbles,"Cute, short, nice voice acting and tries to do new stuff. I think some of the live action scenes get a little cringey, but that doesn't take away from the game for me."
76561198013874322,Recommended,408120,18869128,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,chimneysafire,"I don't usually leave reviews, but it saddens me to see so many people here writing this game off completely.  Remember, kids: Just because you don't personally like something, doesn't mean that said something is actually bad. Different people have different preferences, and that's okay!ANYWAY:It you like intimate, story-based games that are based on real-life experiences, I definitely reccommend Cibele!  But if your gaming interests are exclusively in the mainstream, maybe this isn't for you."
,Recommended,408120,18851346,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Randomshadows,"Powerful and relatable storyline, and a cool little game simulation of an MMO which felt real enough that I got frustrated with the grind. It speaks leaps and bounds for relationships in the internet gaming world.I will recommend this as a purchase in a sale, and for someone who wants a short and completely story-driven game.Cost in relation to time played is rather steep; which people should factor in when purchasing."
,Recommended,408120,18851579,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,WangWrangler,"A short, but endearing look at online love and first relationships. Well made and a great story!"
,Recommended,408120,18851385,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Justham,"Overall, a fairly enjoyable game. The story was good, and I felt compelled to keep reading and chatting throughout.The actual gameplay parts (inside the game within a game) were pretty difficult to navigate. It could've had some better pathing, or at least a more open map so you don't get stuck on corners every other step. A few of the chat logs were broken (unreadable), but they were few and far between. Still, I feel like I missed parts of the story that I would have enjoyed.I'd say play/buy it but with the caveat that you know what you're buying:-It says 90-120 minutes, but I played really slowly and read everything and was finished in about an hour.-No actual nudity (sorry bros).-No real gameplay mechanics, almost entirely reading.If this is what you're looking for absolutely give it a shot."
76561198035689895,Recommended,408120,18842874,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ewokskick.888,"This is a short game that benefits from being played in one sitting.  It's lazer focused on the experience of teenage love through playing an MMO.  It's perhaps the least idealistic romance story I've ever seen.  All the characters are flawed and authentic.  Nina, the protagonist, is self-conscious and unsure.  She craves affirmation from Blake, her MMO boyfriend, but doesn't know how to handle it.  Blake shares these same insecurities.  He is a teenager afterall.  His compliments seem subtly sexist to (e.g. you're good for a girl) and he seems to have trouble valuing people (including himself) for their internal characteristics.<SPOILERS TO FOLLOW> When the characters do get together it hardly feels like a triumph.  As the game, and their relationship ends, it doesn't feel tragic.  You get released from an (at times) uncomfortably personal look at two young people's lives.  The characters themselves get released from a relationship that probably needed to end for their own growth.  <END SPOILERS>I can strongly recommend this game because of how honest it feels.  It's uncomfortable to play (for me at least).  The mid-western sensibilities I was raised with make me feel uncomfortable with such an intimate look into a stranger's personal life.  For me, playing through someone else's life like this was more trangressive than any gaming murder spree I've been a part of.I should mention I encountered a few minor bugs.  A couple chat logs wouldn't open for me and an MMO boss just disappeared for a couple minutes when I was supposed to be hitting it.  Don't let those stop you from playing this though.  The teenage awkwardness of this game gave me the most visceral sympathetic embarrassment I've experienced in a long time and I love the game for that.I give this game a 10/Teens."
,Recommended,408120,18855681,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,aqissiaq,"Cibele is perhaps best treated as a sort of novella in game form or a short film.Through gameplay in a fictional MMO, voiceover dialog and live action cutscenes, Cibele tells the (mostly?) autobiographical story of Nina's first love.Definitely not a traditional game, but an interesting concept and story that is worth experiencing."
,Recommended,408120,18853995,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,fungusdude4,"That was interesting. This is a game where you experience the online life of a nerdy 19 year-old girl, discovering romance, love, and sex. In the game, you can look through photos and text files on her desktop and you'll play her favorite MMO and listen to conversations between her and her crush. It's also quite short.If that sounds interesting to you, you should probably just play it right now. As for my take...The game was surprisingly jarring, though I don't mean that in a necessarily bad way. You really do feel like you're looking into the personal life of a teenage\young adult girl. I never lived that life, but I think I've come away with a better understanding of what life was like for someone like Nina. The game is separated into acts. The first part of each is browsing files on Nina's desktop. This did feel kind of voyeuristic, especially looking at the kinds of pictures that she'd taken of herself, though other files like poems and blog posts were generally more comfortable to read. There's a lot of text to take in at once. As one who's never been good at following TV and movies, this was a bit difficult, but ultimately rewarding. The real meat of the game is experienced in the sequences taking place within the world of the fictional MMO Valtameri, where you play as Nina's character, Cibele. There isn't a lot to the gameplay and it's thankfully never difficult or confusing, but it really just serves as a backdrop for the in-game voice chat between Nina and her crush, known as ""ichi"", as well as some live IM feeds. This is where the story plays out. At first, the talk feels kind of bland and stereotypical, but over time Nina and ichi open up and really develop an interesting relationship. It becomes quite an awkward saga, which perfectly fits these characters. Between acts, there are a few short live-action scenes showing what Nina does after each session.Overall, I found it to be a rather unique experience. It succeeded in telling a very personal story and putting you in the shoes of young Nina. It's well written, well acted, and well paced. It certainly delivers on the themes it promises and comes across as a fairly natural. A great way to spend a couple hours, especially if you enjoy narrative games.Still, I have some issues, though they're pretty minor. The desktop doesn't quite feel like a real desktop. Everything opens with a single click and you can't drag windows around. I think a couple UI additions could make the game's setting feel more genuine. While the in-game sequences are great, I feel like they could have been more fleshed out. The conversation is often rather superficial, though it's likely that this could be intentional and an accurate depiction of the relationship. The in-game sections can be a tad frustrating due to some questionable pathing, but it never really impedes progress or kills the pacing. The ending is kind of abrupt, but it's also pretty appropriate. Aside from that, I suppose some of the texts feel unnecessary and don't really do much for the overall experience. I guess I just wanted a bit more from the game, though that's not such a bad thing.I was quite enthralled with Cibele while it lasted. If you're the sort of person who likes artsy, weird, or otherwise non-traditional games, I would whole-heartedly recommend this. For anyone else, I'd urge you to give it a try if you find the subject matter or premise intriguing."
,Recommended,408120,18863760,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Moshimoshi,it was a fun experience for me. I was sitting there screaming! He's using you ♥♥♥♥♥!! He's using you!!! good dame!!!but it was very short.. and one can debate whether it was a game or not. but in the end I had fun with it.
,Recommended,408120,18862432,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Emol,"Cibele is everything I want from the interactive media today. It's what I think it needs to advance and validate itself as a democratic, accessible and non-elitist artistic medium (even if this particular case tells a story around videogame culture, that could be better enjoyed if you are into it).Cibele is one of the most interesting things from this year. If you are into unusual narrative techniques, internet and videogame culture, the adult treatment of teen and sexuality themes, and real-life personal stories, you'll probably get something cool from this."
,Recommended,408120,18850482,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,@kyleseeley23,"Cibele tells the story of a young girl figuring out what love is. It's a unique narrative about the struggles of an online relationship. The gameplay allows you to investigate and dive deeply into the main characters thoughts and feelings. An elaborate set of text files, pictures, messages and emails are available to the player to uncover the deeper relationships. On top of that, the main story is fully voiced and includes short films that occur outside the game world. This is a truley unique game that delivers an interesting and powerful story, would reccomend."
76561197997964898,Recommended,408120,18850823,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,onidavin,Lovely long-form vignette that explores what it's like to have your adolescence happen in an online environment. Definitely worth experiencing :)
,Recommended,408120,18859326,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,schmolzanderson,"Incredibly clever game play. Loved the interface, cut scenes and story. I felt true emotion going through the game and can't wait to recommend to friends."
76561198046618131,Recommended,408120,18847386,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,TooSuhweetJESUS,"Cibele explores online relationships in an incredibly personal way. If you're looking for a good love story, the intimacy in this game will be more than enough."
76561198089954745,Recommended,408120,18848705,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Amlin,"A deeply personal game by Nina Freeman on a part of her life that many in this digital age can relate to.  An interactive story more so than a game, this is short story that one can complete in a single sitting.  But throughout that you are taken into the shoes of a 19 year old girl and steal a glimpse of what life is like through her eyes.When I first started playing the game I felt like a voyeur but that quickly dissipated and soon enough I began to relate more with the story and I felt more connected to Nina, through my own experiences playing MMOs.  In the end, Cibele is a short burn but one that makes its presence known and more importantly felt."
,Recommended,408120,18843576,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,klava☀,"I purchased this title, fully expecting it to be just another third-rate artsy-fartsy indie title. In some regards, that may not be off the mark, but it's only fair to speak objectively.The title is very linear, and there isn't much in the way of decision-making. Progression in this game is established through the repetition of a very simple point-and-click MMORPG-esque game within the game, the completion of which sparks text and audio conversations to occur. Of course, the fact that it's simple goes hand-in-hand with the situation that's trying to be conveyed. While the ""game"" that you're playing is simple, repetitive, and boring, it's the interaction with other people that keeps you coming back.Inserting yourself into this other person's perspective, with access to the poorly-sorted collection of poetry and photography, their private diary entries, their conversations - this is a very efficient means of immersing you as the player into the story to be told.Unsurprisingly, the title is very short. That isn't necessarily a bad thing, since the intense nature of the soundtrack and conversations versus the extremely repetitive ""gameplay"" would get exceedingly boring if you were forced to play for any longer.The cinematography is pretty classic ""film student project,"" but that subtly reinforces the idea that you're taking the perspective of a college student. Nobody's trying to win any Oscars, here. None of the characters do or say anything over the top, or cringe-worthy. Out of the entire hour that it took me from start to finish, there was only a single scene that felt awkward or out of place, and it was very close to the end.The presentation of the interface and the art style of the ""game"" are engaging enough to keep you from growing tired of it. Again, extremely simplistic, but if it were any more complex, you wouldn't be able to keep an investment in the story that unfolds as you play. Clever.Would I recommend playing this title? Absolutely. While I don't feel the price point matches up with the length of the title, it's still a refreshing change of pace, with alternating hints of honey and melancholy."
,Recommended,408120,18851219,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,j chillin,nina freeman and star maid make games unlike anything being played right now. it's a new form of first-person storytelling that i think is absolutely worth playing.here's an essay/review/thing i wrote for popoptiq:http://www.popoptiq.com/cibele-and-rewriting-the-language-of-perspective-in-digital-storytelling/
,Recommended,408120,18851341,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,wbaRobinson,"I recommend this game to anyone with an open mind and an interest in alternative games that challenge the very basis of video game culture. I do not think I will ever forget my time playing it. It is remarkably short, which is a very brave thing to do in world where we want our games ""replayable""... If only more games would accept that sometimes 90 minutes is enough. A lot of this game remainds me of Sherry Turkle's writing on internet culture, in addition to more recent works like Dr. Ashley Brown's ""Sexuality in Role-Playing Games""."
,Recommended,408120,18850797,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Andrack,"I convince my friends to watch slice of life and magical girl animes; they enjoy it (plz buy $500 nichijou box set, I need season 2).I openly discuss Monster Musume with my friends; they laugh and ask earnest questions about monster girl genitalia ♥♥♥♥♥♥show btw, don't watch it).I try to convince my friends that all anime girls in every anime and VN are definitely 18 years old no matter what; We try to figure out why so many 18 year olds are still in middle school (Japanese schools are just really different I guess).I buy and play a game about a real life girl being an awkward teenager and making nudie pics for internet boyfriends; ""ANDY WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ MAN. I CAN'T SUPPORT THIS!""Well, thanks for exposing my friends as people who objectify anime girls, Nina. How uncouth of them. Also, its weird to review your game since I'd be reviewing you as a 19 year old. One thing I can say is I doubt your OS at the time and Final Fantasy XI were as buggy as they are in this game. I couldn't open/close a lot of files.Either you, the reader, had a weird time flirting with people in a video game or you haven't. If you haven't, maaaybe you can still enjoy the story? If you have, I'm not sure there's a whole lot to gain from playing this other than some pics of Nina in her undies. I'm sure you will be able to relate on some level but so what? You've already learned your lesson whether its a good or bad one. I would however recomended this to teenagers *currently* flirting awkwardly with people in a video game.That's not a strong recomendation, I admit. I only gave this a thumbs up because of the /r9k/-tier♥♥♥♥♥♥that came out of the final mmo portion of the game. Hoo-boy. What a riot. I did not expect things to play out that way at all."
,Recommended,408120,18844209,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ZoomyRamen,"Sometimes narrative driven games can fall entirely flat, but Cibele doesn't. It's a powerful, personal and evocative chunk of someone's life.It's incredibly Bittersweet and well worth checking out."
76561198149869588,Recommended,408120,18850359,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Gelfling le Sage,"A good game about teenagers and more specificly about the ""first love"" ...More than a film you have to see this work as a documentary and a testimony .Those of a girl who are little nerd and who meets a boy through a video game and how this relationship evolves over months ...Although the images can "" shock "" but it's the relationship between the two characters who take you to make us think ...I Working with young people , and I think I will speak with them about this "" digital work "" ...Thank you for this hour who knew how to make up some memories in me.And courage, for it is this that sometimes we need ...Un bon jeu sur l'adolescence et plus particulierement le ""premier amour""...Plus qu'un film il faut voir cette oeuvre comme un documentaire et un temoignage.Ceux d'une jeune fille un peu Nerd, qui rencontre un garcon à travers un jeu vidéo et comment cette relation evolue au fil des mois...Bien sur les images peuvent ""choquer"" mais c'est bien plus le rapport entre les deux personnages qui amenera a nous faire reflechir...Travaillant avec des jeunes, je pense que je leur parlerais de cette ""oeuvre numérique""...Merci pour cette petite heure qui a sut faire remonter quelques souvenirs en moi.Et courage, car c'est cela dont on a besoin parfois...PS : The subtitle help me a lot (coz come from France ;) )"
,Recommended,408120,20096534,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Zorb,"This game is definitely not for everyone. It’s made for a subset of the gamer population. Just by looking at the game, you should be able to tell if this applies to you or not. In short, if you ever experienced some sort of online romance (especially in MMOs), this game was made for you.That being said, it’s not much of a game. Most of the game is browsing her desktop, or playing the MMO. Perhaps “playing” is too strong a word. You just click on mobs a single time until they die from auto-attacks, then find another and rinse and repeat. The monotony isn’t overly bad as you have multiple in game conversations via text with your other in-game friends at the same time, all the while talking verbally to your love interest. The game is over before any of this should grate on your nerves.Throw in a few short live-action cut scenes, and that’s all there is to it. It took me just over 90 minutes to do everything this game has, including reading every word and browsing every file. To be fair, this is all advertised on the store page more or less, so the game is upfront in what it is and what it offers. I won’t fault it for that.What I will fault it for is some of the voice acting. It just didn’t have me convinced at all. Hearing her say “I love you” didn’t have me convinced at all. Wasn’t the best, but it could have been worse.Again, this was made for certain people in mind. I know I can personally relate to it, and for that reason alone, I appreciate and like it. There was some self-reflection involved, since a few of the actions mirrored my own. So I can’t help but feel for her and relate more than I’d care to admit. Especially knowing it’s a true story.If any of this is sounds interesting, I’d give it a try… but only when it’s on sale as it’s hard to justify that price point for such a short experience. Otherwise, this probably isn’t for you, and I’d give it a pass."
,Recommended,408120,20105040,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PaulECoyote,"This game tells an interactive linear story about a teenage girl falling in love with a guy on the internet via making friends with him via a multiplayer game. So you might as well think of this as a book with elective character flavour in the appendix. Keep that and it's short playtime in mind with whatever price point the game is currently at.As a story it reminded me of a few things in my own life from relationships made, some that have been strengthened and others that have lost over the years. It was interesting seeing this lived out in such an intimate honest way from a female perspective.That game is basically a facade for the kind of grind you get in League, WoW etc where you are basically just filling up meters together and repeating... so it's a narrative instrument boiling down that teamwork to that then, you know being an actual game you would have to pour hundreds of hours in to before you got that same feeling.Going through the desktop did feel prying and uncomfortable to me, but was an interesting way to explore the characters of the story.The only other interactive narrative game I have played recently is ""To The Moon"" - I'd suggest picking that up first if there's price parity and you feel like you want to try this genre and like pixel art.If you're a dad and have a teenage girl in to games perhaps this might give some insight and be a conversation starter about the topics of love and sex this brings up? Ha! As my daughter is only 2 you can take that idea with a pinch of salt - I have no idea.It's an interesting enough step off the mainstream gaming path for me to recommend it at a price you're happy to pay for about 90mins or so of your time."
,Recommended,408120,20140336,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,LonelyRoast,"This game... is different.Cibele is about a young woman named Nina who finds her first love in a stranger met on an online MMO.  Nina struggles with self-doubt, shown through videos of herself looking into a mirror, and through poems and emails you can find on her virtual desktop.Though, I am not exactly the target audience for this game being that I am a male who didn't really play many MMO's growing up, I found the experience to be very touching.There are a lot of great things about this game, the voice acting is pretty fantastic! Nina and Blake (Cibele and Ichi in the video game) truly feel like real life people. Studders, awkward pauses, and voice inflexion really adds to the realism of these characters. You can truly feel the emotion in Nina's voice as she speaks.However, there are a few things that take away from the experience.The first thing that really stood out to me is how bad the MMO in the game is.  Now I know that this is not supposed to be a full-fledged game, and I'm not trying to compare it to something to the caliber of real-life MMOs. However, the gameplay immediately took me out of the experience.  The AI of Ichi, Nina's run partner, is atrocious.  In the game, the goal says ""Fight enemies as a team to lure out the boss"" and there were plenty of times that Ichi would run off through an inaccessible area, then be lost for minutes.  Also Cibele, the character we play as, gets hung up on walls.. A LOT.  The MMO transformed into a game of ""How do you get to this area without getting stuck on a wall?"" for me.  AGAIN I do want to point out that I understand the MMO is conceptually just background noise for the narrative, but when it pulls the player out of the experience, it makes the narrative harder to concentrate on.The only other negative I could think of comes from the character Blake. **SPOILERS**Right from the get-go, Blake seemed off to me, this could be the writing, the delivery of the lines, or just the personality that Blake was supposed to have.  But, I always had my guard up with him.  Games like ""Emily is away"" gave me an express route to connecting emotionally, but this is where I feel that Cibele drops off.  I cared about Nina, I emotionally connected with her, and I was truly rooting for her the whole time.  However, I could not care about Blake at all.  At the start of the game we get an inside look at his personality where he says things like ""Yeah, everyone else on this game are dumbasses."" This kind of personality caused me to immediately put up my guard.  I did not want Nina to be interested in this person, and when they meet up and get intimate, I was thinking ""no, no, no!"".  This is why when he eventually leaves her at the end, I wasn't surprised in the slightest.However, I can definitely see the impact. I truly wish I cared more about Blake during the game. I truly wish that when the ending hit, I was truly hurt, and felt betrayed like Nina must have felt.  But I didn't.This is not to say it was not an enjoyable experience though! I actually very much enjoyed the game, and I loved the character development throughout my gameplay.  Nina was an extremely powerful character, and she was purely the reason I continued playing, becuase I wanted to see how her story end.Even after the gameplay took me out of the experience, and even when I couldn't help but keep a guard up against Blake, I still was invested enough to want to finish the game and find out what happens to Nina.  Then the credits rolled and saw ""Written by Nina Freeman"" and got chills.  I had no idea, and the concept of this girl retelling her story is amazing.  She had such a terrible experience and she does a great job of portraying it to the player.I wish I could have been more excited for the relationship of Nina and Blake to develop, but even if I disliked Blake, I really enjoyed the game.  I recommend the game for anyone who like very narrative focused games like ""Her Story"" ""Emily is Away"" and even ""Gone Home""Overall: 6/10"
,Recommended,408120,20102601,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Atom Bomb Baby,"I have a very difficult time thumbs upping this game, I wish I could be neutral. This game was very personal for me, as I have experienced what she has (at a younger age). I got to re-live the touching and confusing moments that is online (gaming) dating. However, as awesome and awkward as the beginning was, the ending fell very flat. They could have taken it further, but (spoiler alert, but not really) the relationship ends just like that. No build up or anything. I suppose its best that way, it would be even more painful to relive the hard times, but that would be good for me, and others, in a way. Maybe I don't like it as much because it mirrored my feelings so perfectly, then changed and we had nothing in common anymore. I dunno.Overall, it was an interesting game/interactive story that I applaud Nina for being brave enough to create. Online dating is much more a common thing now."
,Recommended,408120,20109886,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jaedia,"Cibele is a game that tells a story. You aren't so much playing a game as you are interacting with this story. There are no choices, or really much to do at all, you simply watch the story unfold as you follow the chat and play as 'Cibele'. If for nothing else, it's worth playing for that much."
76561198160781040,Recommended,408120,20225912,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,emma.winston,"I liked this a lot. It feels like a piece of interactive fiction almost more than it does a game, but it's multimedia in a way that I haven't encountered in interactive fiction before; a minigame, a series of short films, poetry and photography and illustration all wrapped up in a desktop you get to explore at your own pace. I liked that the characters were three-dimensional in their personalities despite being minimally-written; I felt for Blake almost as much as for Nina by the end of Cibele. The art style is beautiful, and I loved the soundtrack, which helped.This wasn't what I expected, I don't think, and it took me a little while to get into the rhythm of a game that propels itself along mainly without input from its player. But I liked it, and it'll stick with me, and I would recommend it if you like beautifully-drawn little vignettes of human beings in all their imperfections."
76561198027037080,Recommended,408120,20214290,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,joaoacmota,i really enjoyed playing this game. It is well told and very touching
,Recommended,408120,20219554,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Julaco,"Pretty OK. The story's good, the concept of the game as well.But, this game feels more like an visual novel rather than an actual game. The video seemed ok, animation looks cute, music is great, the acting... needs a bit more work, but overall pretty goof. Would love it if this was written a bit longer and with more color."
,Recommended,408120,20169169,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,spiritedrinoa,"As someone who has been an avid gamer, and was heavily into blogging, gaming, and anime throught college, Cibele definitely spoke to me.The art in the game is beautifully done, and the story within the game is told nicely through emails, instant messages, and voice chat.Be aware, going into this game, that it is more of a slightly interactive visual novel than it is a video game. I played this in under 2 hours, so it is a short game/story."
,Recommended,408120,20065576,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,d-tron,"Full price is probably a little steep for this, but I got it in the sale.It's a tale about being young, stupid and meeting a member of the opposite sex online and building a relationship that way. My teenage years and the internet as we now know it happened at the same time so elements of this were very familar to me, and I certainly saw myself in both characters.For fans of: Emily Is Away."
,Recommended,408120,20258162,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,philbert0,"A really fantastic interactive short-story. I found it to be a very cohesive experience that combined light gameplay, FMV and an interactive desktop. The acting in both the FMV and the voiceover felt very real and the desktop elements helped flesh-out the protagonist's life. Although the gameplay is very light, the experience of playing the MMORPG felt pretty authentic in its attempt to balance the social and gameplay elements. The point of this game is its narrative and the gameplay serves that end well.Some reviewers have stressed that if you haven't had a similar experience to the protagonist the game may not speak to you. I disagree. I found the experience quite moving. Ultimately, it's a coming-of-age story that contains universal themes, albeit one that is set around the social world of MMORPGs. Despite not having a similar experience with an MMORPG or an online relationship, I had no problem realting to the characters and theme.Overall, a very moving and cohesive experience that I would highly reccomend for fans of narrative focused games."
,Recommended,408120,21713172,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Slugnacious,"Excellently told story. I don't want to say much as it will spoil the story, but I'd recommend this game to anyone looking to experience a well told story about a relationship as a young adult (college aged)."
,Not Recommended,408120,22237398,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kayla is Rabbit,"This wasn't really a game, it was a story that you click through. You have no effect on any outcomes. The ending is unsatisfying, as someone who went through an online relationship."
,Recommended,408120,22262473,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Aoman,"A game that managed to be suprising in just how unsurprising it was. Ultimately very believable and I think more resounding as a result. I did not have the profound emotional experience some reviewers are describing, but I found the journey fascinating and moving none the less. Not a perfect game but certainly not a bad experience. I particularily found the ""cutscenes"" to be very well done, and the game's primary mechanic of putting you truly into the protagonist's shoes is very effective. Overall I think it could have benefited from a bit more exposition, increased length etc. as many other reviewers have pointed out. At the end of the day though I would still reccomend it, as I think it will have different impact on different people, and there is little denying what is here is excellent by and large, I just wish there was a bit more of it. Very good job Nina, looking forward to what you do next."
76561198192894922,Recommended,408120,22442926,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Erick93,"Well it's a short good game (not really a game, more like a history that you can play also). It's a game about Nina and her first sex experience, but in a different point of view that you are in the role of protagonist. So if you want to play a game unlike anything you've ever played, try Cibele.Bom é um jogo curto (não realmente um jogo, está mais para uma história na qual você pode jogar também). É um jogo sobre Nina e sua primeira experiência sexual, mas sobre um diferente ponto de vista no qual você está no papel da protagonista; Então se você quer um quer jogar um jogo diferente de tudo que você ja jogou, experimente Cibele."
76561198061869951,Recommended,408120,22519913,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,yesploise,"I really liked Cibele! It was short and sweet. Playing it was a nostalgic experience and I laughed/cringed because it reminded me so much of my own online experiences growing up (having online friends/using forums etc.) The inclusion of drawings/notes and other personal content were nice, intimate touches and added to the authenticity of the game. I wasn't such a fan of the 'game' you play in the story and felt it was a bit boring (just clicking around all the time.) Overall, Cibele is a personal story that explores a young woman's teenage awkwardness and growth at various stages."
,Not Recommended,408120,21926777,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,shrinkwrap,"Great premise, but poorly executed.The game environment created for the main characters is beautifully illustrated, but wonky to navigate and repetitive. The game elements exist largely to elongate the amount of time the characters speak to each other, and the idea that these two would be invested in the game world shown is unconvincing.  The point and click navigation creates no illusion of challenge. We don't necessarily need a challenge in this type of game, but it's unlikely that the main character would skip out on parties and spending time with friends to play something that dry and unchallenging.The voice acting was also pretty unconvincing, imho. Like I said, the idea of this game is really interesting- using a game-within-a-game environment to tell a story about the people playing it. With a bit more polish, something like this could really shine. Overall, it's worth a look if you're interested in FMV games, but don't expect too much."
76561197981907008,Not Recommended,408120,21888404,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Cpt Nice,"I strongly admire what this game is trying to accomplish, but it just falls short in pretty much every category. I cannot in good faith recommend this game as it is.+ Graphics looks pretty nice+ Interesting concept...- Very poor execution- Story is too simplistic- Too short"
,Not Recommended,408120,21978042,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,tracygraves,"I only got 1 hour of gameplay from this game that says in the description ""1.5 to 2 hours of gameplay"". I usually really enjoy interactive narratives and specifically ones that seem similar to this game but I found the story very lacking and the pointless clicking in the ""game"" portion very boring and tedious. I empathise with the story of the game, but I don't think this project was executed very well.I also strongly dissagree with the $8.99 price tag for one hour worth of ""play""."
,Recommended,408120,21881291,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bradley,"One of the most honest and heartfelt games that I've played in a long time. Real issues about real people. A perfect example of an indie game dealing with a subject that a AAA studio would never dream of exploring. This one is going to stay with me for a while, eye opening, and moving. Recommend to anyone with a heart."
,Recommended,408120,20319482,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,M1j0,"I absolutely understand why this game has some mixed reviews. The level of interaction is absolutely minimal, the story is linear, and the dialogue can trigger some uncomfortable emotions, especially for anyone familiar (and I'm sure so many of us are) with online romanticsm.But it is so, so brilliant. This game brings an unexpected level of polish to a very personal story. The linearity of the gameplay culminates in a succint, focused experience.Even as one of the more slickly produced games at this price point, it's not without its more janky moments. The animation and navigation during the 'in game' moments can lock up at various points and the fake UI can feel difficult to navigate as well.However, if you can overlook minimal interactivity and clunky UI for atmospheric and emotional storytelling, and you have the right set of expectations going in, I think this is an experience you will enjoy."
76561197972914152,Recommended,408120,20352943,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,|.dC| Selectchrl,"I will echo others and start by saying this is more of an interactive story than a game. And yet one of the coolest experiences I've had playing a game in a long time.The best way I can describe the experience is that it was video game poetry, and I loved it. I really enjoyed the execution of the gameplay. The ""in game"" portions accurately captured the rote boredom and social multitasking that happens when playing an MMO. And the desktop navigation portions made me feel like I got to know both the public and private sides of Nina.Though I'm a male, the story line resonated with my experiences growing up playing games and I am grateful to have been given a view into how women navigate video game/cyber culture. It was a nice moment to reflect on how though much of our love of these hobbies is shared, the way we experience and interact can be very different.If this sounds interesting to you, then Cibele is definitely worth your time and $. Thanks to Nina for making this game and sharing a piece of her life with us, we are the better for it."
,Recommended,408120,20201851,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"Some people is becoming aware that games can touch different subjects, not everything it's about fun and stuff, sometimes it's about taking a step in making people think and reflect about themselves and this game, focus in narrative to make a statment about something most people experiment in life, it's about love and sexuality, which is great, videogames are evolving and Cibele it's part of it."
76561198050439339,Recommended,408120,20535304,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Umparrella,Here are a few (non-spoiler) bullets that describe why I enjoyed my experience of Cibele>The attention to detail and the growing portfolio of files on the home screen of each act>A game-within-the-game that performs admirably as a conduit for the voices that are the real stars of the show>Excellent animations
,Recommended,408120,19775331,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Nytengale138,"As someone who can relate to the source material, I enjoyed the personal feel of Cibele more than the game itself. It's still a good narrative experience, if you're in to these types of games, but I wanted to know more about the aftermath of the game's finale. The abrupt ending left me wanting and unsatisfied, but I still recommend it to anyone looking for a more personal ""visual novel"" style game. There are gameplay elements, where you partake in the game's MMO world. This equates to nothing more than clicking enemies and giant bosses until they're dead, but all of the game's spoken dialogue takes place during these events while you click around in-game messages from other friends, picture updates, etc. I found it more engaging than just reading walls of text while viewing still images, though I also enjoyed its similar voyeuristic approach browsing files, pictures, poetry, and journal entries on Nina's desktop.This one is a tough game to sell to someone uninterested in the narrative genre, but definitely worth checking out if you are. Even if you aren't, if you grew up spending your time alone in AOL chats, posting your heart out on LiveJournal, listening to your parents fight all the time, this could be your reminder that you're not alone."
,Recommended,408120,19752326,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,[CPC]vivelame,"I quite liked this game.The gameplay is threadbare, but it fits very well with the story told: falling in love over the internet, (mostly) in a MMO, the medium fades to the background, becoming just mouseclick sounds. I'm a 42 yo male, and it spoke to me, i've been there, it happened a lot like that,  i've been an awkward and self-deprecating teen/young adult, i met nearly all my girlfriends (and my wife) on the net, and i've been Nina and i've been Blake.The game is short, but nicely done, the story compressed in a few -spaced- days, but you follow the evolution of the character, and it's all believable. Well, it's a true story, duh! True stories can be so badly told, so diluted, as to become ""unbelievable"", in a sense that you can't relate, you can't feel. The author managed not to do that, which isn't as easy as it might look like.All in all, i liked it. Only negative thing? It hasn't any replay value as far as i can see, and so it's a bit expensive for the <2h you'll get out of it. I bought it when it was on sale, and it comes far less expensive than a movie, so i don't feel ripped off, but YMMV."
76561197970545070,Recommended,408120,19917380,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,jay,different to what I was expecting and certainly worth a look
,Recommended,408120,19983068,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,skittzi,"First of all, if you are looking for a traditional game experience, this is not it. There are no achievements or even HP. This is an experience in a different kind of way. Gaming mechanics are involved but they are a background to the over-arching plot of a coming of age story.I was personally able to strongly identify with Nina as a young female gamer who once tried to have an online personality. I've flirted with people I didn't know who lived miles and miles away from me. There's a rush of excitement that comes with an online personality that is removed from your normal life. You feel cooler, more outgoing behind the safety of some pixels and a username. Cibele actually brought me back to similar experiences and feelings I had myself. I don't dwell on any of that anymore, but Cibele did a really great job of recreating the atmosphere. The awkwardness of attempting to be forward and making yourself look good for someone else. What if you did meet in real life? When is it okay to cross that line?At times I did feel that it was hard to keep up with all the chat logs and established character relationships, but they were incorporated in such a way that I could read them at my own pace when I wanted. I did enjoy browsing through Nina's files to piece together her life and the relationships she tried to have. I thought the dialogue was very believable given the situation and the time period of ~long ago~ 2009. All of the interactive chat elements were incorporated smoothly. How you played Valtameri didn't have any major consequences other than progressing the plot. I thought there was a good balance between managing Nina's social life, and focusing on playing Valtameri to drive the plot, much the way Nina played the game to drive her relationship.If you're feeling nostalgic for your first online romance this is a game for you. Even if you haven't, I still recommend this game for its storytelling and simplicity."
76561198184322686,Recommended,408120,19970179,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,assassin_dice,"This game is actually really good I think. It is not amazing and all but the story is so relateable and it interests me. It also teaches me to no have sex with a guy who says they love you, i forget guys and anyone will say anything just to get in your pants, or think that they want to then realize that it was a mistake. The game she was playing was pretty fun too and going through her things I realized that I could connect to her and it really builds up on how she feels at the end. I feel like aas if I walked in her footsteps and that I know her, this game is good and it should get more credit."
76561198030735719,Recommended,408120,20014198,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ajfilterchord,"Extremely personal, but I think a story that almost anyone in the modern age can identify with. Congrats on release, Nina (and friends), and good work!"
76561197961845799,Recommended,408120,20096344,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,123,"I didnt expect forums and response to this game to be quite so venemous and aggressive.I bought this during winter sale for 5$- The game aspects of it are light. You are either clicking through files and objects on the main characters computer in a voyeuristic fashion or playing a simple MMO-esque game.- The drive of the game is a combination of FMV clips, emails, photos and Audio conversations between the main character and a man she becomes emotionally involved with in the MMO they play together.- The story is not partiuclarly unique and brings nothing entirely new to the surface (young people like each other, and they are young so their emotions are unrealiable at best)- I am 29 years old. I was the main characters age when i was a Freshmen in college. Exchanging messages with girls on facebook and inevitably getting emotionally destroyed were part of my 18-20 year old experience.- A lightly interactive story about young love, relationship and sex that will resonate with most people of the 21st century.Conclusion:- Definetely enjoyed my time with- It made me feel a viceral emotion, so I believe it succeeded in its goal. Any good story experience, should make me feel something and this did.- I would recommend it to others- Its not as revelatory an experience as something like gone home or her story, but for a young developer (i believe there are two of them - Nina and the male actor... i think is also a developer - fact check me) i think this is a fantastic addition to the video game industrySide Note- Anyone mentioning gamergate, anita sarkisian or SJWs is a ****ing moron. This game stands on its own. No forced agenda. Just a story. If you can't accept new things into the pantheon of video games then your a ****lord."
,Recommended,408120,19860565,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,PixelatedPoltergeist,"A game that finds the art and beauty in being a teen who likes anime and hates yourself.  It speaks to me, I found myself relating to the characters and sometimes realized I had said the same things growing up.  It's a love story that's more about not knowing if you're in love than an actual romance, maybe I'm just projecting too much though.  It had some preformance issues, both in acting and sometimes the gameplay got really choppy.  Honestly this has been one of my favorite games this year just because it lets me know that I wasn't the only one like this."
,Recommended,408120,19863349,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mellybelly18,"Super personal story about falling love with someone on the internet. Who hasn't been there. The game's story is told through dialog, email snippets, and instant messages. It can have a bit of a voyeuristic feel with some of the selfies, but respect to Nina Freeman for really putting herself out there in a mega honest way and retelling a story about bein a silly 19 year old.I can only assume it appropriately captures the annoyance of dudes hitting on you when you're just wanting to play a game."
76561198048268849,Not Recommended,408120,20593979,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,makersley,"Slightly too small, slightly too shallow, and slightly too short to be fully satisfying.  Watch a Let's Play or wait for it to come 75% off."
,Recommended,408120,27013306,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marfish,"This is an interesting one. It's more a sort of visual interactive novel than a game.It's a personal story told partly through FMV cutscenes but mostly through clicking around on the desktop of a young girl. You can look at her chat log, homework assignments, webpage content and pictures and understand what's going on in her life. The story focuses on online relationships, through an MMO.I don't think everyone will appreciate this game, but it does a very good job in setting the mood of what interacting with people through an MMO in the early 2000s was like.I think a lot of people who used to play older mmos like FFXI will find similarities in this game with their own experiences."
,Recommended,408120,27024573,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,THREExPENNYco,Interesting design and a compelling story make Cibele a great experience.
76561198030334811,Recommended,408120,19886443,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Wagrid,This game is really interesting and I'd love to see more games that take such a personal and autobiographical approach. I'm very glad this exists.
,Recommended,408120,19889707,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Squiter,"Well this game is awesome! You be part of life of Nina Freeman, a girl that play a lot of video game and fall in love for a friend in your favorite online mmo."
,Recommended,408120,19904506,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,iamtheforce,this isnt a full review just a tip. just dedicate an hour and play through in one sitting. breaking it up isnt good for the flow
,Recommended,408120,19857722,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Aymi,"I strongly recommend getting this game. The use of 'found' objects to tell the story is fresh and provides a very personal-feeling insight into the semi-autobiographical story. Some review unfairly criticize the online game portion as too simplistic. That is a deliberate design choice and allows the player to be able to appreciate the messaging, media, and dialogue that occur while playing. The more complex the online game was, the less players would be able to pay attention to the story being told. There a few times that the dialogue seems a bit too earnest and honest, but that is partially my older perspective looking at younger emotions. It also seems to be a necessary device to keep the plot on track with the length of the game.TLDR: At $9 the game takes you on an emotional 1.5 hour ride."
,Recommended,408120,21242483,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,sigil,"Amazing, intimate and personal look into the very real experience of falling for someone online. Highly recommended <3"
,Not Recommended,408120,21309094,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,kamokude,"While cute and creative in retrospect, poorly executed overall. I beat the game in an hour reading all the text and viewing all of the images. The ""game"" itself was lackluster and just me clicking around aimlessly and getting stuck on corners."
,Recommended,408120,28152930,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,shane,"First things first, this is definitely more an experience than a game. It follows Nina and her experience with user Ichi on an MMO-RPG type game. The experience is replicated extremely well. As someone who has had deep intimate connections with people over similar games, I can appreciate the level of realism put into this. The narrative unravels as you explore into Nina's computer, her images, her blog posts and messages etc. I didn't feel creepy doing this, however I could see why people would. If you've ever had an experience with somebody online, even just a long distance relationship I'd highly recommend this game. It sparked an immensely deep level of introspection in myself.I would say as a girl you're more likely to get something out of this game. Nina is relatable, with her interests in anime, alternative fashion and poetry. Her character ( or herself, as the game is autobiographical) is deeply charismatic and compromising. You feel a connection with her and share her sensitivities.As much as I personally drew out of this game, I would have to say I had some issues with poor frame rate. However it didn't bother me awfully. What did was the short length. Perhaps it went fast as I'm a fast reader but I found the three arcs of the game far too short, and I find myself searching for more.Overall I'd say as an experience I don't regret it, but I would say a length increase would be nice. Buy on sale if you can.Really beautiful realistic relatable story otherwise, and I'm glad I played it."
,Not Recommended,408120,31630801,Posted: 8 May,all,PoPPinkPunkPrincess91,Well the ending was depressing. I think it's a good game for people like me who like romance and nosy lol
76561198135184608,Not Recommended,408120,32031893,Posted: 28 May,all,widthofacircle95,"Such a bad, boring game! Pretty much play a game within the game which is just pointing and clicking, its so bad!"
,Recommended,408120,33649837,Posted: 19 July,all,Colcoction,"Cibele is a narrative-driven game which stands out for its story and presentation. The story of young internet infatuation is fairly unique, as far as I've experienced, and the presentation of virtual dektop -> voice call -> live action video -> repeat was also novel to me. It's not the most engaging thing I've ever played, and it has some flaws. Overall, I enjoyed my experience with the game. I would recommend it if you are interested in storytelling and/or the possibilities of the interactive medium."
