user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011891156,Recommended,408400,19893639,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jargonaut,"This is one of the best old school, turned based RPG that I have played for years.BTW, I am an older gamer that has been playing RPGs for the last 35+ years, starting from Wizardy 1 in 1980. I played all the Wizardrys, Ultimas, Bard Tales and Might & Magic Series.This game reminds me of all those past games that I have played in the past with its square grid layout and its very engaging storyline. You can also have a team of 6 different members and there are 6 different classes each with very different and unique skills. This game is also slightly different than most normal RPG in that Sorcerers need to collect Runes to cast spells, and Priests needs to prepare a supply of Holy Water. Of course you also need to be near some water supply like Stream or Lake so you can have access to water.  It is little things like this that makes the game more interesting and different.The developer also put in a lot of effort into creating different kind of dungeons with different mechanics and behavior that are uniquely distinctive. For example, in the Water Realm, there are currents and you get swept away to different location based on the current. In the Air Realm, you will fall to your death, and can only teleport to certain location using a transdisplacer device. In Earth Realm you might have to re-materialized behind the rock to discover new tunnels, etc. In Fire you have constant Inferno effect damaging you with every move and lots of other surprises.I love games with Steam Achievements, and it is possible to get all 20/20 steam achievements in a single playthrough. I spend about 70 hours in a single playthrough. This game especially reward grinding and have monsters that repopulate so that you can grind till your heart content. You also get decent drops and experienes through grinding too.Overall, I loved this game and would highly recommend it to any old school RPG gamers. Its definitely worth the money spent."
,Recommended,408400,33015560,Posted: 29 June,all,bydlaq,"Six man party hex-based movement with turn-based combat dungeon crawler. There are not many games around in this genre, so I take what it's there. And this one is a decent one, it may not have animated monsters but arts are really nice. And Swords and Sorcery - Underworld is complex enough to keep me entertained. Bugs free also."
76561197999018200,Recommended,408400,24651790,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Lord Azlan,"I played Bards Tale in 1985. Lovely game.99 Barbarians. Only being able to save in the Adventures Guild. The eerie music from the temples.Brian The Fist. El Cid. A bard that needs to take a swig of his wineskin before playing some musical tunes. Four mage classes. A mad monk that fights with only his hands and feet.I could go on. A masterpiece. Played it again for 60 hours a few years ago when the original games were included in the later and mostly useless comedic Bards Tale remake.Between 1985 and this day I have always asked why no developers have wanted to create something like that. Where are the mainstream Bards Tale games?So huge, HUGE credit to OlderBytes for not only asking the question but for putting their money in and developing this gem.A dungeon crawler, turn based combat. Grid based movement. Locked doors. Treasure. Healing. Items.Experience points. Exploring.Exploration is one of the game's best points. You would think that map design on a grid is pretty easy. But I can tell you about some awful, awful games where the maps were obscene or even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The maps in this game feel really well thought out. They really made me want to explore every nook and crook and are quite varied.I reckon the game developer must be a proper gamer himself as in every town I visited, the place I wanted to visit first was the last place I found. Last place - each time. Diabolical game design or bad damn luck for me? I am talking about the shop or that one time I needed food. Where the heck are they?The games graphics are very competent and unusual. Encounters can be interesting as the bestiary is quite varied. The game is smarter than it looks.  Old school game play has been upgraded in some ways, such as requirements to plan ahead and create holy water for your priest. My Thief had a Stun option. I loved my thief as once hiding in the shadows he could one shot kill some nasties. He was also able to find daggers that had extra assassin damage - lovely. I can't imagine having a party without a priest as healing in the midst of battle was crucial to my experience.Undead. More of those folks than in an episode of The Walking Dead. Another thing new to the genre is that my party had to be ""Blessed"" before they could apply any damage to the foul creatures. I even came across a lava/ fire area I could not traverse until I remembered I had a ""levitate"" spell. Cool.The combat itself is quite interesting and requires full concentration as it is easy to get whacked if you assume spamming Attack will get you through. Combat is almost like little puzzles where you need to figure out who to go forward, who to heal, who to drop out of melee. There is even one option that allows one party member to protect another. My priest has a spell that allows her to read minds in combat which then builds up your Bestiary. At this point, I can't be sure whether this is useful in game or useful building a Steam Achievement. Still interesting reading the text.It's not all hugs and kisses though. Just one thing.One shot kills. Save scumming. I hate it and this game positively encourages it.I would really love to know how many fights other gamers can go before saving. Really. What is the record so far?It breaks the immersion of what could be a fantastic game. Behind every nook and cranny there is an encounter that can wipe out your whole party and kill you stone dead. No notice. No warning. Return to ""GO"". Behind every nook and cranny and even in nooks you have even visited before. It's the random encounter generator or level list or something.Something that can really spoil the flow of the game. It stops me from giving this a ""I love this game"" to ""I recommend you try this game"".I will ponder on this final criticism of the game for now as I would like try it out for more.Other thoughts?Loot. Would be nice if some encounters left behind food or water.Scrolls that can raise the dead if your party finishes an encounter a few men short.Encounters that leave behind food you can eat and heal yourself.Cough - some directions in town?Some unique save locations instead of save anywhere - would help immersion.Better armour/ equipment/ spells of mages. Those guys just die all the time."
76561198053709888,Recommended,408400,19772220,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,wallace8766,"Great game if you are a gridder fan.  Great brutal combat, There is some grinding here, but doesn't detract from the overall gameplay.  Great job on the developers' part on getting some quick fixes out there on some minor bug fixes.Having fun and taking me back in time.   Love it."
76561198018485648,Not Recommended,408400,24509249,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,pjcrosby,"OK - I made it through about 1/3 of this game and really wanted to like it. However I just got bored. Its clearly a homage to the Might and Magic Series (similar ideas to World of Xeen) however you are better off just playing that series rather than this game. There is no animation, no voice, very few NPCs - the world is pretty bland and lifeless. I understand that its the product of a small shop however it didn't capture my interest. You pretty much use the same battle tactics over and over while progressing through a pretty shallow story grinding away through levels.  Playing this actually inspired me to go back to an old Might and Magic Game for another playthrough. The quality of those games still shines today. My advice - if you want a grid based crawler like this game, just go play the best (Might and Magic games). GOG has them running nicely on modern machines."
76561197976001598,Recommended,408400,19753084,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Shackleton,"Really good old school 'blobber'. It's a little rough around the edges sometimes, don't expect AAA dungeon textures, but it's got charm and that crucial feel of exploring a dangerous area where every step counts. If you played any of the recent crop of grid-based dungeon romps like the Grimrocks and wished they had turn based combat, get this game. If you like the Etrian Odyssey series or Dark Spire on the DS, get this game. If you liked the more recent Elminage Gothic or M&MX, get this game.Look past the textures and the lack of flashy animations and there's a great game with challenging and varied turn based combat here. Very glad I bought it and I've already got more enjoyment out of it than a lot of AAA games released recently.A couple of tips- save OFTEN early on and make sure to (D)rop your squishies out of melee range if they start combat in it."
,Recommended,408400,19726456,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Andypandy R,"Great old school crpg experience,  quite tough,but really satisfying and rewarding when you make some progress and become more skilled with your party management.I could write a wall of text about this game but there are others who can do that much more eloquently than I.Developers like these guys deserve our support, its obvious that they care about their  game and are activlely engaged with their community. There are alot of people that will probably just not get what this type of game is all about, but for those that do they are in for a rewarding and addictive experience.Highly recommended !"
,Recommended,408400,19888135,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Netflix,"Short: Recommendation bonus if you enjoy 80's style grid-based RPGs such as the early Wizardry and Might and Magic series or if you enjoy games with that retro feel such as Dark Spire or Class of Heroes 2G. If this is unfamiliar, then read on to see if this game may be a good fit for you.Warning: The game is untraditionally balanced and is not for everyone. If you go in with modern RPG expectations and are unwilling or unable to adapt, you will be disappointed and/or frustrated with this game. This game will slap this expectation in the face in the first couple encounters. You can reduce the probability of luck playing a role in your victories by grinding some, but this game presents many tools in combat and many encounters are like tactical puzzles that you'll need to solve before you can survive consistently.I'm still playing through this game and am deeply appreciative of the developer's responsiveness and taking into consideration suggestions and tweaks. I look forward to future products that they produce.Noting points, whether they are pluses for some, minuses for others or neutrals.Controls:* Use a full-sized keyboard and mouse to control the game with nearly every option accessible by a key alone* Keybindings cannot be reassigned at this time, so a mouse is strongly recommended if you do not have a full-sized keyboard with number pad for the NumPad Plus or NumPad Minus to adjust attributes at creation and level ups* If you're using a gamepad emulator such as Pinnacle Game Profiler or Xpadder, I would recommend assigning to WASD (or QZSD) for movement and mouse controls at a minimum ~ other options such as Escape, Enter, as well as the letters A through D may be convenient as well* There does not seem to be a strafe option at this time, but can get through without itGameplay:* Create up to twelve adventurers, deploy six party members at a time including one that looks kind of like an Arnold-style Conan* Choose from one of six classes (knight, paladin, archer, thief, priest, sorceror) with one of four races (human, elf, dwarf, gnome), one of four face portraits per race and gender combo and assign attribute points among seven attributes* Level ups have random health and spell point gains based on influencing stat, allow for three attribute points to be assigned, and award new skills or spells depending on the class* Options to quick save and load in most locations on most screens* Navigate first-person through dungeons, moving one square on the map grid a time, engaging in combat and dialogue, managing party and inventory* Combat options allow for moving party members into or out of melee range individually or all at once, waiting or protecting allies, using melee or ranged attacks, using spells, fleeing, using other abilities and possible others that I'm forgetting - to succeed in this game, it is strongly recommend to take advantage of as many of these options as possible while adapting to enemy tactics* Combat is turn-based with each character taking a turn per round with the ability to postpone their turn toward the end of the round* At least 50 save slots in-game, if not more* Sound effects match most actions* The music has been intermittent in my game, such as a discovery scene, quest reward scene or the sound of a battle that just turned grim* Occasional game crashes and bugs, but the developer has been communicating regularly with the community and addressing these issuesAspects that I enjoyed/opinionated in addition to the above points:* Enjoyable art style with realistic art for most portraits and strong contrast on most other aspects that may have a comic-book feel for someUntraditional Balance and Modern RPG Expectations Expounded:* The beginning area is a tutorial area with shockingly high damage values, however, once you adapt to the mechanics, you may be able to easily run through this beginning area without any deaths or the need to save (though saving is recommended in case of an unexpected crash) -- armor does make a difference, but most importantly, positioning can prevent enemies from attacking altogether* Dipping your toes into the next area can lead to brutal defeats and force you to scrounge for all your options to counter fear, counter silence on your casters, denying archers clean shots to your healer, changing your leader to a faster character to order people into a safer position or sometimes going as far as leveling a new party member to counter situations in those areas* Sorcerors in most fantasy games have easy access to ranged attack spells - this is not initially true and sorcerors may fare better in melee range until you have more runes or until you're a higher level where you do have those rune-free ranged attack spells* Initial combat positioning is not static and misreading a situation can and will get you killed - do not assume that your character in the bottom portraits is out of melee range, double check their movement choices and portrait for cuesESRBish/Content Advisory:* Mostly nude outline of a spirit woman with no nipples and some enemies in busty garments* Some art with female cleavage - do not recall if there are any bare chested men or man nipples* Random chance of fighting some violent leopards and you may need to kill them or reload if you do not like hurting animals, even virtual ones* Lots of brawling in the streets and in different establishments* Ability to break into a woman's home where she sits up in bed startled... just before returning somethings precious to her* Well drawn undead and some scenes depicting villagers being terrorized may instill images of unrest in some"
,Recommended,408400,26717921,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,blizzardmetal,"The amazing thing that separates PC gaming from console gaming is what I term the ""gaming underground"", indie developers who do it purely for the love or to create a game they would enjoy playing. Also, the ability to connect with developers of indie games is something that was never able to be done with consoles, it makes the player feel much more involved in the game world. Swords and Socery-Underworld is a perfect example of an ""underground"" role playing game. Big game studios do not make their money developing games highly inspired from antiquated RPG's of the past like ""A Bard's Tale"" and ""Might and Magic IV"". Some newer titles have done well such as the Grimrock series, but those will never ascend to the likes of what the big developers are doing. For those of us who still enjoy the old style of gaming, who don't care about flashy graphics and sound, and just wan't an atmospheric, immersive story and all the fantasy trademarks of yesteryear will do well to check out this game. It's refreshing to download a 256 mb game and be able to fire it up within seconds instead of waiting for hours for a download to finish. A lot of the gaming elements are familiar to aforementioned games in this review, but there is still a learning curve, even for us older games. I truly enjoy the map layout and how the world map is connected more like puzzle pieces, instead of just being able to see your entire map at once. You want to keep exploring the grid based world until every square is uncovered, in hopes you'll come across an elusive rare item or challening foe. I'm about 10 hours into the game and have uncovered the first four segments of the map. I have no idea how big the world is, and that's the beauty of it...to keep exploring and see where it leads next. I highly recommend this game, but only to people with patience and who can appreciate the old days of gaming through and through. This IS your dad's computer RPG!"
,Recommended,408400,19924772,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,raixel,"tl;dr - This game plays exactly like a game from the late 80s. Start out pathetically weak with no armor or weapons to speak of and pray to the RNG gods your entire party isnt 1-shotted. You're going to have to grind for gold and XP before you can even think about going and doing anything. Nice hand drawn art, minimal stereotypical sound, and some weird UI choices. Its not terrible, but it's not great either. Besides the cool images during conversation scenes, theres not muct to set it apart from the crowd. If it had come out in 1989, it'd be great, but modern grid-dungeons have come a long way since then. I'm only recommending it for hardcore fans of the genre who like games like the early Wizardrys where theres a lot of RNG luck and grinding just to stay alive.__________________________________________________________This is an true-to-the-late-80s turn based dungeon crawler with interesting hand drawn graphics. The graphics are rendered in great detail, with plot scenes being shown with static full screen brightly colored comic book-style art.When I say ""true to the late 80s"", I mean it. Unlike many other games that took what was great about that era's RPGs and left the rest, Underworld really makes you feel like you're playing a game created in 1990 but with a unique art style.Your characters start out pitifully weak with nothing but an extremely low level melee and ranged weapon. No armor, no gold, One slap of the RNG god and you're going down to a random encounter due to how pathetic your characters are- one hit knockdowns are the norm until you reach level 2 and/or get some better armor  and even at level 2 they're very common.Fortunately theres an ""unconciousness"" state that incapacitates a char before death, but one hit while in that state and its off to the temple to pay a fee for res. To get even semi-decent, you're going to have to run around town grinding random encounters for gold to get your chars even marginally equipped. I feel like I'm playing the early Wizardrys here. Did I mention how much I *hate* grinding? I did way too much of it in the actual 80s, I guess. There's a reason many RPGs dont have grinding anymore, its not fun to most people. Fortunately, there is an item repeatably dropped by a certain random enemy type you can trade to the guard blocking the catacombs for 100g and 20xp. Unfortunately, you have to run all over hells half acre trying to encounter that specific enemy type. Oh, and you can't just level, you have to train which costs gold. And it takes a *lot* of XP to level, but all you get out of it is 3 skill points.Theres a mini-map in the corner (thank god), and apparently a larger world map that has places of interest marked. I still like making notations on maps - guess it comes from my graph paper and pencil days. Still, the minimap is nice - no graph paper needed. Once you get yourself equipped, you can head off to the catacombs and continue the plot, which revolves around a giant demon somehow being released and taunting the party when you leave the inn. Of course you are told by someone that your party has a great fate, which is, of course, to try and stop the demon.Theres also sidequests. I'm currently doing a fetch quest at level 2. Level 2 seems to be a bit easier, not so many one hit knockouts. If this game progresses like most of the 80s games, you should get strong enough that the grinding isn't as required once you're out of the early game, but its still annoying and not a good start to the game.The UI has some weirdness. Like most games of this style theres a bunch of quick icons on the HUD (char sheet, rest, system etc). I find it odd however, that in order to cast a spell you must go to the spellcaster's char sheet, then hit enter, then select the spell, but theres a quickbar icon for the tutorial. Which is a player going to use more? The tutorial, or the spellbook? But yet theres no quickbar ""cast spell"" icon?Also, to pick a locked door, you must bump into the door, which flashes ""locked"" on the screen. Then you must select the ""unlock"" icon. If you fail the picking, instead of just hitting unlock again, you have to bump into the door, get the ""locked"" message, then hit ""u"" or click the ""unlock"" icon all over again.For some unknown reason, when you fail picking a lock, it makes the same sound as the noise of someone going unconcious in combat. Which sounds like a punch/swing, and then a thud like someone getting hit and dropping to the ground. When you fail to pick a lock. Why? The first time I heard it, I thought there was a trap that went off. But no, thats just the noise it makes. The sound of succeeding to pick a lock is what youd expect, a metallic tumbler shifting and *click*. So why the weird fail sound?Speaking of sounds, they are minimal at best. Theres a nice bird sound when you're in town. However, it plays even in areas that would be considered ""inside"". The rest is just the typical grunts, clangs, swoosh, growls and so on that are standard in RPGs. Nothing like that cool weird chant the brigands made in Wizardry 6.Overall, Underworld is just OK. If you're a fan of the genre, its worth picking up ON SALE. But I hope you like grinding."
76561197971657699,Recommended,408400,19723069,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,rulyblue,I love ol style CRPGS but beginning with 2-6 hitpoints and losing a character in one hit is not my idea of fun. I will return to this game when there is less luck involved.---EDIT---Just got to level 2. Needed some new party members. Found some secrets. Enemies still hit hard. Afraid of the catacombs. Doing better. Stream of consciousness reviews!
76561198009506875,Recommended,408400,20633353,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Roscoetoo,"Coolest game in a while.  I totally reccomend it.   If you played and enjoyed any of the Might & Magic games you will feel right at home here.I'm in a game hole now that I'm finished with it.I hope there is more depth to character build, dungeons and story in the expansion.  That doesn't mean this game doesn't have depth, but you can tell the designer wants the game that comes in the box with three 5-1/4"" floppy disks instead of one.  Any gamer from the 80's recognizes what I'm trying to say.  Bigger!I appreciate a game designer that recognizes where it came from.   Thanks Older Bytes."
76561198004149920,Recommended,408400,29879118,Posted: 12 February,all,Scotters,"If you are looking for a great turnbased game like the old might and magic roleplaying games, this is for you.  Beautiful artwork, great loot and spells, and its fun to start weak and to build up your guys.  I can't wait for the sequel."
76561198043165000,Recommended,408400,24810915,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Almalric Elerian,"I just finished the game last night. This is one of the best old style D&D games I have played in a long time. Very good story and good graphics. they all set the mood for a fun romp in fantasy land. I will play this game again with different characters and try different approaches. I would recommend this game for anyone who likes dungeons, dragons, loot, or just plain fun."
76561197972462277,Recommended,408400,33410939,Posted: 9 July,all,chriskessel,"It's a lot like I remember the old Might and Magic or Bard's Tale games from, uh, a long time ago. The combat is good, with some suprising combos. The story line has good pacing with just enough quests to keep you moving, but not so many that you've got a lot of loose ends. It's good for a completionist like me. The artwork is quite good, I really liked the style, though the artist has a penchant for scantily clad evil women.There's not much dynamic about the world. You don't see creatures moving anywhere, like in Grimrock, you wander through the dungeons until a random or predetermined battle results.The bottom line is it was well worth my time and money."
76561197979934027,Recommended,408400,26494697,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Deadly Intent,"I recommend this game. It has a bit of a steep learning curve in the beginning, but after you have a couple of levels and you get the hang of the game's rythm, it gets really fun."
76561198030991271,Recommended,408400,27492783,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thalan333,"Old school feel, perfect game for what it claims to be! I enjoyed it more than Might and Magic X. Sure in the graphic aera it is 25 years old, but all the RPG feel of the party evolution, the exploration and the ingenuity from the developer to make you feel like in an adventure with the somehow basic game he built were refreshing.Well worth the 30 hours to finish and the 15 euros it worth."
76561198027371701,Recommended,408400,19732409,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bankee,"I admit it does need a bit of tweaking at the start, but I like that it is hard, I do not think this will be for everyone, but for us older gamers it is a nice ride back to the past when games did not hold your hand."
76561198024506401,Recommended,408400,20600786,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Trindar,Just finished this game. It was great. Coming from old school gaming this brought back many memories. Would highly recommend this if turn base RPG is your thing. I also appreciate the game maker being active on the forum for questions. I will definately be buying any follow up games.
76561198073527049,Recommended,408400,19755037,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Eboreus,"Well, the first thing I liked about this game were the graphics. Funny enough. I like this heroic comic style. I read some of the discussion and soon got the impression that it's really tough. Bad thing. I hate games which are frustrating me even in the tutorial.  Why did I buy it then? Who knows? Divine inspiration maybe. Or just the graphics which I still liked. Or perhaps because it wasn't too expensive and some little gnome in my ear said: ""If you buy it and it's b******t, well it's not that much damage done. Furthermore it's X-mas soon, and you could look at it as a little present for those poor indie devs."" However, I bought it.And it's really tough. I mean really tough! Really really tough! Those enemies knock you out like flies. It's ridiculous! But hey, wait. There is strategy to be applied in a fight. Learn your enemy, learn how he acts, learn what works against him. And suddenly - you walk out of the fight victorious and unharmed. While your enemy still could have had you for breakfast with a single blow. Wow! It's hard to believe, and I am still not sure I believe it - but I like it. In an hour or two you won't make much progress, but you are proud as hell on what you achieved. To be honest I didn't buy that ""very rewarding"" bull I was reading in the discussion. But you know what? It IS very rewarding. Just to win that fight is rewarding. And of course never forget F10 (quicksave). So what can I say: Thumbs up and continue the good work, guys!"
76561198049949381,Recommended,408400,26348904,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"It is a decent dungeon crawler adventure game. There is absolutely no role-playing in this game. You only gain levels like any other hack'n'slasher, but this one is not action oriented.The graphics are outdated even for a small budget game.Game genre is a copy-paste from Dungeon Master, Eye of the Beholder, etc. You are dumped into a 2d world with six guys and try to make your way to the end of the game from point A to point Z, nothing magical about that.It is relatively simple and easy to play, and I can even call it casual but the hidden things some of the puzzles might be too much for too casual gamers.It is still a recommandable game since it has price that is proportionate to the game's design, length and replayability (low). I recommand it to anyone who wants to know a little bit how we felt when we played for the first time Eye of the Beholder and Dungeon Master two decades ago."
,Not Recommended,408400,34539754,Posted: 27 August,all,Silt,"The game has the charm of the old Might & Magics, but the combat encounters are just horrible.  At level 2, your character may have around 15 hit points, but the only area you can go to pop up mobs that routinely hit for 40+ damage.  So while the mobs are playing whack-a-mole and one shotting your party members, you have to sacrifice a characters turn each round to revive a fallen member.  Not sure why the dev thinks this is good game design.  I made a post about this in the forums and another player added this formula of mobs one shotting later in the game continues.  /yawn  Boring.  Wish I could refund."
,Recommended,408400,24505343,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Maestro Gradius,"the good: fun dungeon crawl rpg that will not overtax your system and takes up little space. can be played in windowed mode. leveling up is straightforward. many opportunities to earn gold, runes and holy water. nice sound effects. decent musical score. nice images. loads quick. at least 25 hours content. satisfying when you figure out some things.the bad: crashes occassionally, especially during big fights. gratefully did not crash during end boss battle. enemies randomly appear even if you don't stand a chance against them. best learn tactics as soon as possible if you want to move forward. final dungeon could have been a lot better but devs probably had a time crunch to complete it. requires a sorcerer and a priest to complete, a rogue needed if you want to open locked doors and there are a lot of them, so cannot create ""any"" team. You must include a rogue."
,Not Recommended,408400,19730023,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hey!  I'm walkin' here!,"I grew up playing these sorts of game, obsessively graphing every square on graph paper in Wizardry, Bard's Tale, Might & Magic.    Each of those games were finely honed to be exasperatingly difficult but achievable.This game pits your party of 2-6 hp adventures against monsters who do 74 damage per hit in the tutorial room that you first appear in.   Party Creation to Party wipe in four mouse clicks courtesy of a single Vigilante and then back to the Party Creation screen.In my opinion, the developer(s) have taken the idea of a critical path far, far too literally.   I was supposed to walk two squares forward instead of one forward and one to the right.   Note:  there's no prompting or visual cues that one of the seven doors you're presented with is the ""right"" way.   There are no clues even to what kind of building you are in to let you know that maybe some of the identical doors are instant death.    This is literally the first split second of the game after it's told you the controls.   You are in a room.   There are seven doors.   Here are the movement controls.   Oops you're dead.Talk about worst foot forward!EDIT: Read the comments for this review to see the developer responding to constructive criticism.   Also, please note that this review was for the initial launch version and not the version currently being offered."
76561198029452029,Not Recommended,408400,19753758,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,toriaezu,"Sorry, but difficulty level has nothing to do with this. Even the tutorial is justunplayable in the sense of ""hey every opponent will one-shot you"" kind of diffculty.The developers explained in the discussion forum how to act on those kind ofenemies - imho did they plan/implement it the right way? No.Having to save characters constantly afte being one-shotted, being it a ""unconscious"" stateor being completey dead makes no difference here - is just bad gameplay.True tactics can only come into play if you have more than a binary state of your characters.Sorcerer are on level 1 not even able to use a range spell? Well... what?Refund."
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,408400,26120815,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Naburimannu,"Not *bad* for what it purports to be, but the pacing seems a bit off - lots and lots of grinding is necessary."
76561198273254344,Recommended,408400,20477443,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,night4,Great game by a great developer!  I'm looking forward to the next one!
76561197993430798,Not Recommended,408400,21139349,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zaphear,"Buggy as hell, keeps freezing whenever I unlock something.. requesting refund."
76561198023203865,Not Recommended,408400,23284429,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,tlp1954,"I have been an RPG fan for years and I just don't get it how anyone can recommend this game... I bought it hoping it was a game in the same vein as the Might & Magic titles or Wizardry, but alas it is just a cheaply made shallow entry promissing more than it delivers... It didn't take long before I requested a refund on this poorly designed mockery of old school role playing... Don't waste your time and money on this crap..."
76561197964175192,Not Recommended,408400,19721800,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sauriel,Try to rest in tavern get ambushed by a drake.
76561198048058172,Recommended,408400,20080256,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,msj1117,"I had a ton of fun playing this game. Very customizable party options, good maps, tough enemies, and all the other ingredients that make a great dungeon-romp old school turn-based RPG. If you liked Might & Magic 1, Wizardry, etc., you will definitely like this game. Developer cares deeply about the community and has been all over the discussion boards and was exceptionally quick to make fixes/updates."
76561198036193053,Recommended,408400,19819988,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,boylez,"I bought this game with some high hopes and, in the main, it delivered. There was a VERY steep learning curve and battle was definitely not for the faint hearted. The old ""save often"" slogan is a must in this game.Once I got used to the holy water and rune system, I managed to slowly get on top of the game. Its not very generous on loot, in terms of equipment, but that only adds to the challenge. By the time I had cleaned out the town, catacombs and barracks and managed to defeat the arena, I felt I had a handle on it.THEN I got to about L7 in the dwarf city and, all of a sudden, the game went into crash mode. Granted, the session I had just started was just after an update but whatever it was has broken the game and I just cant bring myself to go thru the pain and anguish of cleaning out the Catacombs and Barracks all over again.Its a shame that the game is buggy as it had real potential IMHOIf the game wasnt broken, I could easily recommend it but, as it stands, I simply can't do thatUPDATE - Developer was very helpful and has updated game which appears to have heavily reduced the crashes and made the game very enjoyable. It still suffer from some sort of memory leak which frezzes you up occassionally but that is a minor hiccup and in no ay detracts from the game. Quite happy to change my mind on this one"
76561198250830310,Recommended,408400,20471246,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,klimpaloon70,The price point was a little high for the value of the graphics but a fun old style grid plodder rpg in the old Wizardry vein.  I like that you start as weak as kittens and survival is a challenge at first.  By the end of the game I was pretty much invincible though.   Not too much choice for customization as there are six classes for six characters and you pretty much need each one for the game.  Overall fun for what it was.
76561197974493059,Recommended,408400,34635909,Posted: 31 August,all,jgaltx,"A throw back, turn based dungeon crawler similar to Might and Magic."
76561198257696182,Recommended,408400,34721413,Posted: 3 September,all,acslacker,"A decent dungeon crawler.  The developer adds an element to turn-based combat which I've never seen in a dungeon crawler: the ability to change which characters are in the melee.  The usual dungeon crawler places the first two, three or four into melee range, with the rest safely in the back.  It's completely random in this game.  A random battle could start out with the first two characters in melee range, but it could also mean all six characters in melee range.  Each individual character can then take a turn to drop out of or enter melee, or the lead character can order everyone to back off or press forward.  There's also a Lv. 2 sorcery spell that backs all of the enemies off.  I think this is ingenious, adding more tactical options.  It works especially well when dealing with monsters that hit hard at close range.Some have complained about the difficulty.  My first party was a failure after a few levels, but I started a second party and learned to beat the system by raising Endurance hard and fast with everyone (luck as well with gnomes) and making sure the RNG didn't shaft me too badly on the level-ups with luck-raising items and clover stew.  It makes the first several levels a slow grind, but then I could practically cruise through the rest of the game. I never once rested outside of an inn or messed with the bestiary.  The one time I got the crap beaten out of me was at the goblin hideout... but that was a dum-dum move on my part.  However, then I picked upLv. 5 sorcery's Prison spell.  Utterly OP.  Works on 98% of enemies, including even the final boss.  Goodnight, Irene.So my wishlist for the remake...Keep the combat system as is.  It rocks.  Except...probably want Prison to be resistable, if it returns for an encore.  It's far too powerful.Don't go all Might and Magic on us and cause the encounters to go crazy upon level-up.  Hated that so much about early M&M games... individual random fights taking an hour apiece on level stupid.What about a hybrid sorceror class?   I didn't make a paladin, but would have likely made a warrior-mage hybrid instead of a second knight.I liked the inclusion of a riddle...  but dumbasses like me wouldn't have been able to come up with the answer given even two more hints.  Funny thing is, by the time I surrendered and looked up the answer (which I could just barely piece together the logic of), my knights were dual-wielding greatswords and the thing was worthless. Ha.More NPCs, possibly, and with more relevance?  I love NPC interaction in dungeon crawlers.A couple more forms to the last boss would have given me a greater sense of satisfaction upon completion of the game.At very least the last boss of Sovereign should be immune to any and all forms of stun.A fan of Wizardry and M&M will get his money's worth."
