user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,408740,22699512,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Chon9,"promised multiplayer, promised live match simulations, promised tons in the old website. Now all removed and out of Early Access. Good Job."
,Not Recommended,408740,22699803,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,idle,"Summary: Nice idea, released too early.Pros:- Fairly original concept where you manage either a team or an individual in the world of e-sports- The cartoon-ish graphics is reminiscent of Game Dev Tycoon.Cons:- Very little information, particularly if you don't play Dota2 or CS.  For example, do you know what an AWPer is?  Tough luck, the game will never tell you.- There are tactics and player stats... that have seemingly zero effect on whether you win or lose a game.  It is completely random to the point where this may as well be a clicker game.- You can join a team but you'll never be picked (at least, I wasn't in the 3 hours I played)"
76561198040644076,Not Recommended,408740,22723993,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,alltariss,"At first I thought the game was similar to the Game Dev Tycoon, but I was VERY wrong. It follows the same art style, but that's where it all ends.- The game has NO TUTORIAL. Which means from the very first minutes of gameplay you have to figure out everything through trial and error.- No GLOSSARY OF TERMS. I like to play Dota2 on occasion and I haven't the slightest inclination to ever play a MOBA for anyhting but fun. I'm not interested in ranked stuff AT ALL. Thus, I hardly no any of the terminology that most active players know and use.- The game determines victory by coin toss. The stats and grinding in this game are pointless it doesn't affect the outcome AT ALL. This means that all the stuff you buy and learn are 100% useless.All in all, the concept is great but the execution is crap."
,Not Recommended,408740,22738033,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,|||||||||||||,"- Game doesn't have a tutorial- Need to have some basic knowledge of either CSGO or Dota/LoL in order to play the game- Seems like a game of luck more than anything tbh- Terrible game menu designs, extremely confusing and having white font on a white background"
76561198041400335,Not Recommended,408740,18518245,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,matty1monopoly,"Meh out of 10!This isn't a bad game and has the ability to be a really great and fun game. My main criticisms at the moment are that stats don't play that high of a role in the game. You winning a match is purely random. There are also times during a match you'll be asked do you want to attack the objective or help your team. At no time does it say if that was a good or bad move. It's not that it needs to state if it was a good or bad move, but there should be something like you helped your team fend off the attacker or the attacker killed you but your team mate killed them or the attacker killed everyone and destroyed the tower. The problem is just that there is not a lot of feedback of what you do right and what you do wrong."
76561198128746921,Recommended,408740,18650340,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kruckcrusher,"Not bad for an early access but still could use a lot more work. For example, I would like to have-List-1. Name your own peron *A must*2. Chose where he/she lives *A must*3. Chose my own role from the start * A must*4. Chose my own team name * A must*5. A way to train the people I recruit to my team *A must*6. Chose my own team brand *would be nice to have*7. A way I can steam while I am on a team *would be nice to have*8. More detail about which person I should put as a shot caller *would be nice*9. Chose to name people that join my team *would be nice*10. A way to chance out champions that I have mastered. * A must*11. A patch note up date that could tell me which champions my team should be working on. *This would add a new layer in the game*These are just to name a few thing that could vastly improve the game."
76561198053292615,Not Recommended,408740,22700324,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,10k,"TL;DRReleased from Early Access way too early. Features and mechanics are not fleshed out, game decisions rarely matter and seem completely random, probably due to lack of any type of visual feedback which is crucial in this type of game. Great idea, but poor execution.The Idea of the game is pretty solid. The game is split into two parts, the first you get to take control of an amatuer gamer and turn them into a pro either at FOBA (the game's version of MOBA) or FPS. The second part involves leaving your old life behind and managing a team instead.I'm gonna break down into pro's and con's for easier reading :-Pro'sVery unique ideaTurn-Based, the game uses an energy system that allows you to make a number of actions each day. (Can be seen as a con too, but I prefer turn-based for this type of game)Ability to stream to make moneyRuns on most toastersCon'sLack of feedback from most aspects of the game. This is the biggest problem with the game that has been mentioned countless times to the devs but yet nothing has been done about it.Too random. This is somewhat tied in with the point above but outcomes of matches/tournements seem totally random, even if a similar strategy is used. This makes the game extremely tedious as you have no idea why the outcome is how it is. Stats, research, champ choices in FOBA and weapon choices in FPS don't seem to matter.While they did add some features that the community asked for, they didn't flesh out most of it out and it just feels tacked on. Gear is a great example of this, all this does is give you a passive stat once you reach certain conditions (basically achievements). Could have easily have made a PC shop that gave us the choice on what parts to purchase to increase certain stats or what not. Moving into new, more expensive houses, have zero benefit whatsoever.The game came out of Early Access WAY too early. Unless you want a very casual, randomized clicker I would stay clear of this game until they flesh it out properly.UpdateSo it has been nearly a month since release and the game is still in Build 175, I'd just like to point out that this was the lastest build back in the 19th of April, a week prior to release. The fact that we had no new build on release, no patches whatsoever post-release and no sign of the devs in response to any of the feedback since then, leads me to believe this game will no longer be supported. :("
,Not Recommended,408740,18565243,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Swallow,"At this stage, PGM just can't be recommended. I honestly think it was released to Early Access too early.The core concept: A single gamer growing through the rankings, creating a team and eventually winning at the highest level is a fun idea... But everything beyond that seems to be mired in bad design choices.I know, that sounds unfair... but let's examine the first few minutes of gameplay.Alright, I've started a game. Oh, hey, my player has been randomly generated. Name, appearance and nationality. Well, that's okay. At least I got a name I can pronounce. Okay, so we play FOBA? We FOBA player now.Huh, this pick/ban phase is a little strange. There are three bans between two teams, and the layout makes it impossible to ban out AD champions. Huh. I guess that'll make more sense later on, when I start running the pick/ban phase myself.Wow, these champions look a bit silly. Still, that's understandable, it'd take far too much effort to come up with a ton of unique champions. Hell, they're probably randomised too. Everything else seems to be so far.Alright, I lost the game. It's okay, everyone loses their first game. Especially when they have to play support. But still, I'd like to know more about those champions...Wait, where's the champion info page?I think you can see where this is going... And it doesn't get any better. Nothing about FOBA is explained. All I can assume is that we're supposed to guess at how the game it played based on our pre-existing knowledge of MOBAs. Which is reasonable for a player like me, right?What, for instance, is the difference between a Chaser and an Initiator, or a Soaker and a Protector? What do these choices do to alter the game? NOTHING is explained about the results of your games, either in the soloqueue stage or in the later team stages.Ah. The team stages. Okay, bear with me, this is gonna get a bit meta.Pro Gamer Manager is realistic.No, really. In PGM, during what I'll call the 'bedroom' stage, you can choose to NOT play FOBA, and instead play one of three alternate games for stream potential. (FPS, Troll and Minecraft respectively). This will award you quite impressive amounts of money from your fans.You don't get money from streaming FOBA. Apparently MOBA players are stingy.And the best part? You can rack up way over a thousand credits in a single day while streaming, whereas you get virtually nothing from participating in the team stages... Hell, setting up advertising revenue or an eshop can result in tiny amounts of money.So an HOUR of streaming can net you 300 credits with 500 fans via donations and subscriptions... But a shop where you can buy stuff with that same money, and have it go to the same place? That generates 100 credits a WEEK with a thousand fans. And this is at the stage where you can no longer stream for some bizzare, non-existant reason, thus cutting off your only reliable source of credits!The funny thing is, that sounds realistic. A lot of the popular streamers (IE: The ones making the serious bank) AREN'T esports professionals.So... The moral of Pro Gamer Manager is... Don't be a Pro Gamer? Just stream. Then you won't go bankrupt.This game needs so much redesigning is a little bit sad. Here's hoping Early Access works. I'd quite like a good game based around this concept."
76561197984623206,Not Recommended,408740,19737769,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,{HFK} Neosquad,"This game suffers from the same issue Game Dev Tycoon does: lack of meaningful feedback.Sure, I feel like i MAY be making meaningful decisions, but in the end they all are just random guesses, as the game does not let you know HOW you decisions affect anything at all. It just becomes a game of random rock paper scissors, where you don't even know what the opponent threw. Unless they fix this issues, this game is a huge miss"
76561197969939814,Not Recommended,408740,22742771,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,"BRAWNN ^,..,^✪","Hello, this is my first serious review.I'm an avid gamer and dedicate most of my free time to gaming and checking out titles that could be cool and fun.Pro Gamer Manager did have an appeal at the start... same Game Dev Tycoon art... managing your own eSports team... so I figured the mechanics would be similar, thus, making it a fun and entertaining experience. I was wrong.I can see the devs tried to make an entertaining title, but the formula does not work. In MANAGING GAMES you want to see that the decisions and actions you take, affect the outcome of the matches whether in a good or bad way. But when you play Pro Gamer Manager, the decisions you make, affect the outcomes in a really vague way or they don't affect it in any way and are unable to change its outcome.You never know or are told (at least give us a hint of how the mechanics work for god's sake) how things are going to affect your results. You can pickup styles and different tactics but they are really vague on how you should use them and really basic. They try to make it simple but making it that way just takes away the whole experience of being a Professional eSports team.Even if the devs assume you're used and knowledged about MOBA or FPS games, it's difficult to figure out what to do in every situation, even with Trial and Error. I might be wrong if I say that the decisions you take as a manager or a player DO NOT affect the outcome BUT; when I played Pro Gamer Manager I always felt that way and, believe me, IT IS NOT A PLEASANT FEELING.I really tried to find something redeeming and have fun with Pro Gamer Manager, but either I haven't tried hard enough (prob not) or the game in itself isn't fun, probably the latter.It also has some bugs that are not gamebreaking or really important, but they are really simple and basic bugs that kind of break the experience too (16-15 as a valid victory result on a FPS match even if it's not meant to be CS, can't click too fast on incoming messages or they will delete themselves).Pro Gamer Manager defeats its own purpose as a game and a managing game, such potential wasted because of a bad execution.I wouldn't recommend to buy this game in its current state, it's basically not fun for me and I've requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,408740,22696601,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,PopUlar,I find this game really boring. The game seems to not give me a real choice in what my player does.
,Not Recommended,408740,22877792,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Frogcake,"The game has potential if they give it some meat rather than leave it in it's current state as some RNG, souless shell disguised as a strategy management game.I read the reviews and most advised me not to buy this game.I ignored that advice and while I don't regret buying the game, I totally understand why it's pretty much a waste of time.In it's current state, you may as well roll a dice for everything. Most of your leveling up, honing of ingame skills and upgrades seem to have extremely little to no effect on anything.Fix this and this game will go from a C+ to a B+.The only reason why I don't regret buying the game is because I have a smidge of hope that the developers will update the mechanics of this game to actually mean something.I cannot recommend it as is, however, by lacking any of the things we were expecting, it does show us that with the right things added, this could be a great little indie game.a"
,Not Recommended,408740,22733376,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,frk,Amazing Idea. However...Boring after a whileRandom. Stats don't matterPlayer never plays for team in Career modeThown into an initial league where all teams overpower you with ease
,Not Recommended,408740,22715167,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Manscorpion Turk,"Career:This game feels like it is rolling dice for everything you do. The two games you can go pro in are team based, yet it only gives you ""real"" feedback on your player. Otherwise it lists the top players of the game. It literally tells you nothing about your teammates. The tournaments are absolutely random, my 95 star character (I assume this is the skill based system through which the game tells you your and other player's skill) would consistently lose to ~30-35 star players. When computers played, the biggest upset margin I saw was like 3 or 4 stars. The game couldn't care less about your skills in Playstyle, Focus, and Knowledge as I saw no improvement in the amount of games I won while upgrading them. I would literally have games back to back where my character would have a 10 KD ratio and another game with 25 deaths and no kills. It feels like the developers didn't add anything that bases your wins off your pro gamer's skill.0/10 would not recommend. Just go play League or CSGO."
76561198034628217,Not Recommended,408740,18521042,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Just a Hobo,"This game definitely has a ton of potential ! I would highly recommend and will edit as soon as changes are made since i can easily see how this could be incredibly fun , but for now , ill have to say this is pretty meh , and limit frustrating since each time you discover a part of the game or something you like , the game becomes somewhat unclear as to what you're doing wrong and what you're doing right , most of the time when i get good comments in game i will then lose all my games , and when all i hear about are other teams or player , it will feel like i was just underated. higher overall players on your team doesn't seem to do much when it comes to winning ( i won everygame with 4 x 50 overall members on my team , then upgraded to 4 new better players and started losing ). Also sometimes it feels like whatever strategy you're using has no impact on the way games go. Early in the game there is a development phase for your main character which seems like it didn't even matter later in the game. The easiest way to make money in this game is in the first half which is kinda weird since i dont think streaming the game should pay more than having an actual pro team ! A lot of minor bugs are also present which is understandable due to the very early stage of this game ( for example I was number one on the solo queue ladder and when i looked up at bjergsenx it would also tell me he is number one ). Most of the menus dont have back buttons which means you have to make decisions that can't be changed  after you change screen. The overall for other characters than yourself also dont seem to change which is sad when you spend time training and stuff. I will definitely be back to try this game in a while to see if it was fixed since I had fun , but otherwise this is pretty much unplayable. Hope to see you guys push the great ideas you had further and do some epic polishing on this amazing project of yours !SincerelyJust a Hobo"
76561198053221697,Not Recommended,408740,22722486,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Phaceroll,"Next to no depth, choices dont feel like they influence much (some sort of percentage display after making choices would be nice). Upgrades dont feel like they do anything either. Nothing really to progress to, got rank 1 and nothing changes really. Would be an ok game if it was free, but defs not worth paying for."
76561198043407088,Not Recommended,408740,22715704,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,[WE] BeefCake,"Been playing it since it first came to early acess. If the game keeps getting developed then i would say get it if you enjoy manegment games. In its current stated it is definetly unfinished. Many things that were promised were never delivered, but its still decent once you get past that it feels like the hole game is a RNG (which it very well may be). In addition there is no clear guidance as to what does what or what stats might effect what things.... All in all i am disapoionted that they rushed the realese and will still keep following it, but without more work its not as much a game as it is a beta/alpha with a great concept."
76561197996030743,Not Recommended,408740,22771359,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Saber NFG,"Promised far too many things that were just not delivered on.  Even worse is now most of these ""planned"" features are now removed from their website and game description.  Game outcomes seem completely based on rng.This is still very much an early access with many key features not working or not fleshed out.Do not buy."
,Recommended,408740,25268633,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Shridha's Electrical Services,"Explaining the situation:Currently, Pro Gamer Manager is under redevelopment after 501 Industries took over development of the game. A relaunch is planned and already from news and snippets of information we've been given by the devs, the FPS mode has already been given a brand-spanking new look and is already looking and sounding 100x better than the original mode. Even when this game was very bland and purely based on randomness, I enjoyed it as a game to have on the side while doing work or watching a stream. It's very handy if you dont have alot of time but want to have a little fun too!All in all, I dont believe all these negative reviews tell the truth about this small game and I suggest you wait a few weeks/a month or so before buying it to see how these new devs take up the mantle! :D"
,Not Recommended,408740,28420140,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,Do not support this game.It simply is in Alpha state at best. Raptor Claw lied to the community to keep their sales coming in promising so many things and then completely abandoned the game.They then gave or sold it to 501 who is now attempting to sell a broken game with DLC. The MAIN GAME DOES NOT WORK!Using a game in early access and releasing DLC is insulting to consumers and fraud.Scam and syphon at its finest. Raptor Claw and 501... stay away from them. DO NOT BUY!
76561198055771005,Not Recommended,408740,28156856,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NES London,"Well I really wanted to love this game.The first update after the game was taken over by 501 was dreadful.Smartly 501 rolled back the update and promised work.Now been about a month since the last status update.501 site only even lists the two other games they released PGM isnt even mentioned.Last posts on all forms of social media are from the end of October, and are not about this game.Sad to say it, but this unpolished gem is now an unpolished turd circling the bowl of abandoware."
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,408740,22771588,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,becephalus,"Tried to play it, no tutorial and decisions seemed to matter very little.  Poor player feedback, too many elements introduced at once, several of which appear to make no difference.  Waste of an opportunity."
76561198002930252,Not Recommended,408740,22702082,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,[JP]Dr.Cow-River,"It's a Trap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Don't buy this a game!!!     This game is a BILK, a  LIE    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If i am not too slow to comfrim this a just a piece of garbage, I would have got my refund alreadyThere is some state point to upgrade you or your team, but i found out thats effect nothing. The game just totally randomThere is no mechanism in this game, the entire game just shell, and nothing in side."
76561197998005110,Not Recommended,408740,24881808,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Gost0r,"It had huge potencial, but it went WAY too early out of Early Access and dropped like 80% of what they've promised to include in later iterations.In its current state, it is indeed a terrible game, pure grinding which is based on pure randomness. Even though you put many hours into grinding you up, it still feels like you have literally no impact on the results, therefore its a waste of time to put hours and hours into the game.I really tried to like this game, it is really sad that they decided to abandon all the good ideas and left it in this very poor state. *sadface*"
76561198061268705,Not Recommended,408740,31850689,Posted: 19 May,all,Hoplite,"I bought this game as I was quite intrigued with the idea, and when I got it the game wasnt that good but was trending in the right way with good updates and new content but that all changed after the developers changed. The game was initially made by Raptor Claw Games, but eventually was bought by 501 industries and they ruined everything. Raptor Claw made monthly updates and continually added content to the game, but when 501 took over all they did was promise new things and then release them in an amazingly horrible state. And after their continuous failures to update the game at all, they just abandoned it and started making the second game. I am extremely dissapointed in what the new developers did to this game and if I could still refund the game I would in a heartbeat. I had a lot of hope for this game at first but at this point I have no faith in the new devs."
,Not Recommended,408740,29541788,Posted: 28 January,all,Towiba,dont buy this game and also stay away from the ''sequal''. Theyve robbed everyone here of their money and now theyre making a ♥♥♥♥ing sequal to once again steal our money and abandon the project. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!
,Not Recommended,408740,22778245,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,LunaticNeko,"Probably more like a satire or a funny game, but it's not worth its price. At all."
,Not Recommended,408740,22838976,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,JDK,"Everything is just random, doesn't really matter what you do. Just grind and you'll eventually win..."
76561198151787369,Not Recommended,408740,26339047,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Gerbs,Everything is based on RNG. There's no information to use to your advantage. This is the definition of a clicker. Thinking and decision making does not help you. Just keep clicking on the available options forever. I applaud you if you're not bored and annoyed by this by now.
,Not Recommended,408740,22714380,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TurdFerguson,"Played it until about Day 60 or so. I was a big fan of Game Dev Tycoon and this seemed very similar to it so I thought I'd give it a go.The biggest hangup I have with this game is that no matter what, nothing you do seems to have any affect on the outcome of the battle (I only played FPS player and not manager). After I unlocked streaming and got it up to about level10, all options of genres to stream vanished except for FOBA and FPS.I bought both upgrades for the houses and they did absolutely nothing. I thought you'd get some better hardware or it would be easier to stay in high spirits and get benefits to gaming, anything really but no, nothing.I can't seem to get passed star level 95. I don't know if that's working as intended but you go into the league tournaments and you'll often get beaten by guys that are half of that of your level.You can upgrade your hardware but the last one you need platinum gaming status and it seems pretty damn hard to achieve. Simply for the reason that you can win 1 map and then lose 10 in a row no matter what you do.You have a rage bar that fills up whenever you lose a ranked match but I have had it up to full and down to nothing and I honestly can say that I see no difference in the outcome battles with this either.It is certainly in need of some tutorials. I see other people say that there is a not of Counter Strike terminology in here and never having played it, I had to look up some of what they're talking about to get an understanding of what skill is supposed to do what.I think if they ironed out the few bugs that existed and made things less random or maybe give some kind of explanation as to what is doing what, it could turn out to be a really fun game. In its current state though, I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,408740,30128263,Posted: 23 February,all,prophet,"Dev not only abandons the game, but expects people who paid for their first failure to pay for their second one too."
76561198075481350,Not Recommended,408740,30796474,Posted: 28 March,all,Faust,"PGM is totally unfinished, and devs are talking about PGM 2. Haha.♥♥♥♥♥you ;)"
,Not Recommended,408740,22749825,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Honey Badger,"Lots of people have given lists of Pro's and Con's so I'll skip that side of things and keep it simple.I bought this game around 6 months ago when I heard about it and it was difficult to play but I seen it had a ton of potential so I was happy to wait for release, sadly it seems either the developers didn't have the time and money or the skill to realize this game's potential.The main issue with this game is a total lack of player feedback, you make tactical choices before each match but the game doesn't tell you what you did right and what you did wrong, you have a ton of stats but the game doesn't tell you what each stat does, there are a ton of heroes to play in the MOBA mode but there is almost no information about the heroes, just a basic thumbnail, whether they are a support, ADC, Jungler and whatever and whether they are Utility, Healer, Burst and such but no other information at all.If this game gave some worthwhile feedback to the player and went a little more in depth with the heroes instead of just a name, thumbnail and the bare basic info then I could see it being really good, but unless that happens.. it's not worth buying at all.Hopefully a developer with more experience takes the idea of this game and makes something better because a game about being a manager of a Pro gaming house and/or being a professional gamer could be awesome, sadly.. this game isn't.TL;DR version: No depth, no player feedback, no skill involved, just RNG, not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,408740,22701764,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Zydra,"Pro:+ Interesting idea+ Career mode and Manager mode where from Career mode you can retire your character and proceed to Manager mode+ Player can choose MOBA (in this game it's named FOBA) or FPS pathNeutral:/ Game Dev Tycoon graphic styleCons:- Feels like unfinished game and rushed to be out from early access- Some features are not responding (one of it is Tournament)- Lack of content- Feels like all matches based on RNG instead of stats- Little to none tutorial- Repetitive gameplayIf only the developer address the cons, I totally would recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,408740,31222706,Posted: 18 April,all,Danteeva,"I was hoping that they would get round to finishing this game, but instead it turns out they are just making a second after selling this one with promises they never even tried to keep.This is a complete waste of money and I will not be buying the second even if they do somehow make it good.. which they won't."
76561198005803180,Not Recommended,408740,22721221,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Redwind24,"ok, ive fed a good few hours into this so I'm pretty clear on what im talking about. Its pretty clear that there is little to no impact of skills and weapon familiarity on ranked games. This appears completely random. There is no feedback whatsoever to give an indication on what tactics to take following a disaster or a flawless win.Your team WILL NOT PLAY YOU despite having three times the fans and skill levels as the team capatain. There is no real bonus with enhanced gear. I have NEVER asked for a refund on a game and I have Rebirth but this...this...makes me wonder."
76561198010054695,Not Recommended,408740,28851534,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,araithiel,"Possibly one of the worst games available on Steam, this turd is laughably bad, even when you strip away the notion that it ""could have been good.""When I first got this game, I thought it was conceptually awesome. I'm a big fan of eSports just as a sport and following the LCS in LoL makes me substantially happier than playing the game. So I was willing to put up with a completely unfinished alpha build of a game.This game is full of placeholders. Almost every graphic, nearly every menu, every instance and event is clearly a placeholder. There is only one animation on the MOBA side of things, a spinning circle that is meaningless. Everything else is just stills and moving from one still to another. That's fine, Game Dev Tycoon is fairly light on animation, though at least in that game the screen does have movement. Everything in this game may as well just be text based because the images lend nothing to the game.I would have given a pass on the placeholders when I first got the game because there were updates almost weekly, and you got a sense that somebody was clearly developing it still. There were comical gaps, sections that were just plain empty, enormous bugs, and spelling errors everywhere (""Silly season is over"" meant to be ""Offseason is over"" or the spelling of ""Okey""). I assumed this thing was being thrown together by a couple guys in Sweden, and so I'll give them benefit of the doubt, they'll get this eventually I'm sure...Well here we are. The product on the MOBA side has released zero updates in over 6 months, and the FPS side, which I never played, is apparently a train wreck that I'm terrified to go near. I know a lot of people are complaining that the newest ""update,"" which was supposed to be the patch to finish the game months ago and was so bad it needed to be immediately rolled back, has been announced as a DLC which will eventually cost money. That is certainly a horrendous and despicable decision, but I don't think reviews should even be upset at that; they should be busy losing their minds that the game is out of Early Access and still is nowhere near even a beta-level of release.Here are some bugs, just on the MOBA side, just off the top of my head:You have a 50/50 chance of a spelling error in any given message.Using the ""Update free agent"" staff member in MOBA Owner mode will cause the menu to no longer be available and erase your B team, not that you have any control over that team or input, and you must quit and reload to fix this.If you rank up in Career mode and are in the top 100 or so, you will over rank and get a ranking like -74.You will get notifications in your inbox but the email will be blank.No matter what league you're in, you won't be able to view the roster of at least one of the teams. It will always show another teams' roster.Players in owner mode can still skill up after hitting 99 and will show having skill points to spend, even though they can't be spent.If multiple players choose not to re-sign with your team on the same day, only one of them will show up in free agency.Let's also remember this: the game is stateless. That's right, a sports simulation game that is stateless, figure that out. There are no divisions above and below you until you move into that division. If you make it to the pro division in MOBA owner mode, you will always see the same teams. If you get relegated then return to the league, you will see those same teams again and players. This is especially fun if you picked up one of the players from one of those teams as now two of them will exist.If you drop a player into free agency, their age, nationality, rank, face avatar, name, and even role can/will change. Players also never age because the game has no general state. How long is a season? I don't know. All you can do is go to the next day and then if you do you can play a new match. After you play every team twice, the season is considered over, top 2 teams get promoted, and then it starts over again. There's no timeline, no real offseason (sometimes it lasts 2 days, sometimes 3, sometimes 4), and no schedule.For fun, here's a list of things you cannot do in, I will remind everyone, a game that is supposed to be a sports simulator:Trade players with other teams.Negotiate contract salaries with free agents.Negotiate contract term length with free agents.Negotiate contract term or salary when re-signing a player.Have more than the exact number of starting players (5).See the different leagues you can/will move between while not in them.Skip simulation of games or simulate an entire season (you must ""play"" every game).You only get one-shot with a free agent; if you accept their offer they may still just sign with another team with no chance for you to make a counter offer.Look at a calendar with all upcoming matches.Participate in play-offs or a championship.That's embarassing. There are plenty more I would put on the list but technically can't. They're listed as being in the game but don't actually do anything. For example, you can set up what the team does in their practice time by just clicking one of three options. It doesn't mean they'll improve in those skills because those aren't skills they can even improve in. You can also select a strategy for your ""meta"" but you can't see them execute the strategy, you don't know your opponent's strategy or style, you have no information on them, and it also has no impact. You can even decide what style each individual player should take up but again, it will not impact the results in any way.When matches are being played, here's what will happen. The game will give each team an overall score based on the five players skill level (1-99). And before you ask, yes every player can just get to 99, nobody caps out, nobody specializes, they just generically reach 99. It will then ""draft"" a team comp, which is you watching with no input on what is picked, not that you would know what any champion does or is because there are no descriptions for them. Pause review: there are no descriptions of anything in the game, nor any tutorials. Zero.After the draft it will tell you some meaingless sentence at the bottom like ""GlassCannon Comp"" or ""HighMobility Comp."" Again, these aren't described, you don't see anything play out, they don't mean anything. Your team won't have mastery over certain comps, so it may as well just say nothing. Then you enter a new screen with just the two teams on either side. You have three options: ""Defensive, Balanced, Offensive"" and guess what, none of them do anything. They aren't related to your comp, or your players' strengths, they don't change anything. All that matters were those numbers at the start. If you get an all 99 team, which you inevitably always will, you will always win every league game, with the odd rare exception to I guess make it look like a random number generator. But that's it.Except the goddamn international trounaments. I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ happened with these because they're the part that makes me actually vehemetly angry. The rest of the game I shrug and say ""sure it's a piece of crap that doesn't do anything but at least it's numbers sort of make sense, even if arbitrary and meaningless and random. Team of 99s should always win, more or less.""HaI welcome you to hell then. Try an international tournament. Put in your team of all 99s. Guess what? It doesn't mean jack crap. I swear to god they are an intentional joke meant to test your patience. It's like the developers knew they were making a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that doesn't do anything, but they also knew people would play it, so they wanted to test how far they could push us idiots who go early access on nothing but a concept by creating this wasteland of a game mode. It's completely random and meaningless even if you win.So no, I would never recommend this. It's not a completed game and they're not trying to change that."
76561198063998720,Recommended,408740,23114029,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Leonhardt,"Put quite simply, as it is right now Pro Gamer Manager is really bad. Like, absolutely terrible and wouldn't want to spend my money on it had I known how crap it would be kinda bad.To be fair it's an alpha, and that is to be expected.So far I've only played Career mode for FOBA and the game tells you NOTHING. There is no tutorial or any feedback of any kind. Wanna know how each stat afffects your gamer's ability to win? Too bad! Developer says Fk you! Want to know what kind of play style works best against a certain kind of team comp? Too bad! Figure it out for yourself - which I can understand and would be a normal thing in a game like this... if not for how it seems completely random at times.In order to consistently win I had to grind the hell out of my gamer's stats and that was when I was only in Silver, which, by the way, I could not progress out of - not because my gamer was bad(His rating was 84) - but because I ran into a glitch. I could not get to gold and I was in the top 10,000 in the world at one point.My gamer was also on the top team in the league and I was replaced by a complete scrub who had 40 less rating than I did. This was near the end of the season too which made me extremely salty. I didn't even show up on the team's roster, despite still actually being on the team - which makes me think it was another game-breaking glitch. My team went from ""thinking I was a good player"" to completely hating me and wanting to replace me for no reason. I carried their worthless hides on my back for the entire season and they want to replace their star player? Get real.This happened on such consistant basis too- the only fix being leaving the team and finding a new one.So why am I recommending it then? Well despite all of its glaringly obvious flaws, I enjoy the concept of Pro Gamer Manager and can see it has a lot of potential to be really good. It's an alpha people, flaws are to be expected and personally I say support this developer so we can see Pro Gamer Manager as a finished product."
76561198057945696,Not Recommended,408740,26129630,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,FredTHAreD,"Great concept, poor execution.As someone who enjoys management games, this looked like an interesting take on the genre, being that I enjoy MOBA games and the pro scene centered around them. Unfortunately, there is absolutely no substance to the game. Your stats and attributes mean nothing. You can max out your character and still lose to players far worse than you. To make matters worse, there is little to no feed back as to why you lost. Maybe you picked the wrong champ, maybe you picked the wrong playstyle, you'll never really know.To make matters worse, the Devs seem to have abandoned the MOBA side of the game in favor of the FPS side, which I have no interest in, and its not that much better from what I hear.The game is playable, but its all random. Not worth picking up until some major updates are made, and from the looks of things, thats going to be a loooooong ways away."
76561197962437928,Not Recommended,408740,22723885,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Samain,"This is not a game. This is a random generator where you press some buttons that doesn't do anything other than spitting out random numbers. you dont have any influence on the matches or anything else in the game.Stay Away from this ""game"""
76561198210298912,Not Recommended,408740,22727253,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Archer_Kirby,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThis game teaches you NOTHING, and why would you need to? Everything is useless! Half the time the game plays itself, and when it doesn't you're trying to see what will work WHEN EVERYTHING IS LUCK BASED! And Manager mode, its even more confusing than the Career mode! You're never told anything, and you don't tell us how to make money!Some pros of this game: It gives you lots of choices at the start, letting you learn how to play the game easily. Sadly, this doesn't help the game because EVERYTHING IS LUCK BASED! It's a good idea, but it's not made well that you don't focus on the idea. The time where you choose your personality is great, and if other games (well made games) had this they would be fun.But still: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! THIS IS A TERRIBLE MADE GAME!"
,Recommended,408740,18604425,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Stitch,"To start out, I really like the game concept and would really love to continue playing it in my down time! I found out about this game throughLetigress's Streamand thought I would try it out.Things I Would Like AddedAbility to adjust sound levelsCreate my own character and nameLeaderboards across steam friends/globalCustomizeable/Randomized room because it is identical everywhereMore of a background on ""FOBA"", ""greatest game on the planet"" doesnt describe it very wellList of champions with stats/common roleMore of a tutorial about what stats go into what and how they effect your playerCounterpart to rage bar, ie. A happiness barInteractive pick phaseChanging room over time/awards won and placed in roomPossibly a multiplayer feature?Music that changes based on anger or possibly how the game being played is goingThings I Do Not LikeThe bubble popping sound only  comes up in one ear and is quite annoyingBug/Error/MishapVarious times throughout the game there are words that do not have a space, making it look clutteredThisneeds to be fixed (""cant stop play it"")First time clicking on a specialty while learning, the ""book"" just disappears and I have to click again for something to happenWhen you have all the specialties unlocked and try to unlock another, you sit there and cannot get out of it because there is nothing to clickThings I LikePost game quotes from spectators is a nice featureGeneral feel of the gameThe music is fitting and calmingShould You Get This Game?This would depend on a few things, are you expecting a completed game? Are you expecting a game that has no bugs at all? Do you want to have full control over this game entirely?If you answered yes to any of those questions then I would put this game off to a later date where it is completed.This game would be great if you wanted some relaxation time or a break from your current ""high-action"", ""intense"" game. This game is calming and can be a way to relieve stress while trying to achieve something or maybe even get a feel at what it is like to manage a pro player. This game is in a playable state and there are no fatal bugs that would anger you.ConclusionOverall, this game is looking great for being in early access and I know a lot of what I have said is probably being developed or worked on but it would still look great in the game! I would recommend this game to a casual gamer not looking to get frustrated at a game. It has calming music and resembles some very popular games out there (Dota 2, League of Legends). I'd like to thank LeTigress for showing this game on her stream and the developers for giving her the game and opportunity to promote it! Thanks!"
76561198141247390,Not Recommended,408740,32524824,Posted: 17 June,all,Sicness,"Game used to be fun, boring at some times but overall it was nice.Then 501 Industries bought it and holy crap it went downhill"
,Recommended,408740,22896696,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,saucey,"You laugh but this is literally the life of a gamer, maybe the gamer isn't pro but very accurate simulation. The long hours of ranking, watching streams, and raging all while living in your parents' house. If only it were this easy to make money streaming in real life."
76561198115228366,Not Recommended,408740,30773951,Posted: 27 March,all,[GFL] The Unkindled One,"I mean, I like it, but I'm also very conflicted how to reveiw this. For one, as the other reviews probably say, the game is indeed broken. But not unplayable broken. You can make progress in the game, you just need patience however. At least the Devs listen to the community and are working on a (hopefully better sequel), and are willing to compromise on several issues. Unfortunately, I can not reccomend it at the moment, but I look forward to the potential of the sequel."
,Recommended,408740,25268889,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Bucktooth172,Very casual game that is fun to play to pass the time. Does not require full attention (turn based)
,Not Recommended,408740,20682542,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,nsK,"UPDATE FOR FULL RELEASEThe game is now out of Early Access. Prematurely, as you'll find out.Many of the points below - written for an early version of the game - still stand.There is little to no feedback, not even to mention explanation. If you are not aware of the terminology in League of Legends or Counter-Strike, you will have a hard time understanding without researching it yourself.The game is a big grind for stats which ultimatively do not seem to matter. The results (winning, losing, stats) seem incredibly random, even if your team is half of the world top 10 players.I had a lot of hope for the game when it was in Early Access. I do think this was released way too early and the premature release hurt the game in the end.If you find this review unhelpful, I invite you to tell me why in the comments. Will do my best to explain my verdict and would happily take feedback.##################################################Original Early Access review below:##################################################I was thinking about giving this the thumbs up or not. I decided that I should go by what the game is right now, not what it can be, promised to be nor I hope it turns out to be. The game shows a lot of promise but what's in there right now has too little long time motivation for me to recommend it. (the ammount of hours played is a bit skewed in my case as I left the game open for a night and work day).The game assumes you know a lot of terminology of League of Legends (since that is what the game is mainly taylored towards right now) and doesn't explain any of it.I've played a bit of MOBAs but never heard of an ADC in my life, because I haven't played LoL. Friends with multiple hundres (sometimes thousands) of hours of playtime in DOTA 2 and Heroes of the Storm didn't know either.The game generally doesn't explain itself too well right now. There is no tutorial yet and your performance in the game is not explained.You select a role (Top Lane, Mid Lane, Jungler, Support, ADC) and a chamption according to your role. There are types for champions (e.g. Sustain, Healer, Chaser, Utility, Tank, etc) but they are not explained.There are mutliple champions for each type but you are not told what differs Healer 1 from Healer 2, except for the ""Tier"" it is listed in, ranging from ""SS"" as overpowered champions to ""C"" as competetively non-viable champions - though it is not explained why. This tier list changes with patches to the ingame game which is a really nice mechanic in itself.Selecting a hero oddly enough also takes place before champions are banned (in MOBAs you often have the chance to ban a champion for a game so the other team can not use it), so you can take whatever champion you want.A Win or Loss also does not seem to take your stats into account. Of course, a single player seldomly carries a whole team to the win but my almost maxed out stats didn't seem to have any impact on the outcome of the game. You are simply not told what you've done wrong nor right.In order to increase your stats you can watch top players streaming the game, though Pro Gamer Manager doesn't tell you what you're learning. It doesn't tell you what stats increased, if you've learned something about playing a certain champion, etc.Different compositions of a team make up different strategies that range from a ""Glasscannon"", ""FullAD"", ""NoInitiation"", and ""Balanced"" to ""NoDisengage"", ""Early Game"" and others. None of them are explained so the player is expected to know about them, when they are not self-explanatory.After the banning phase (you take no participation in because you already have your hero selected) you chose a focus for Lanephase and Teamfights as well as a general Mentality. No explanation on what does what, as it is expected of the player to know. Your selected champion also has no impact on this, so you'll have the same strats availablle for a Healer as for a Sustainer.Game done, you're rated with a GameScore between 1 (worst) and 10 (best) and can see your Kills, Deaths, and Assists stats. Besides that and telling you if you've won or lost, there is no explanation. You can't watch your own demos in order to examine what went wrong either.The next game you might win, you will still not know what changed the outcome.I'm a fan of ""eSports"" so I've sunken quite some hours into the game and still enjoyed myself. Ultimately, it was just grinding and looking at a circle fill up and percentages increasing, since there is very little going on visually.There are a lots of areas that need a redesign and lots of bugs that need to be squashed. Having your own team doesn't seem to work too well and cuts you off from areas of the game (improving certain heroes, researching, streaming) for some reason. You also will not know what you're getting yourself into before starting a team on your own (which can happen way too early at the moment). Earning money seems a bit imbalanced, since streaming is way too lucrative right now (in fact, more lucrative than being a Pro Gamer).All this is to be expected of a game in Early Access and I do imagine a lot of this (if not all) will see itself being adressed later in development but I can only rate the game for what it is now. The current meta of the game is way too impetuous, as very little is explained.I can't comment on the frequency of updates just yet. However, the lack of feedback is a common theme inside and around the game, since the developers of Pro Gamer Manager could communicate with their current fanbase a lot more.As a player you are pretty much left in the dark about the progress of the game. So far, patches were posted (the last one was around two months ago at the time of writing this) in the News section but you get no progress reports.Updates in the form of blog-like posts would be nice, maybe bi-weekly in order to actually know what they are working on as well as confirming they actually are working on the game. This will give players confidence and increase the amount of recommendations.A beta-branch might even help with bugtesting and getting feedback.The Store page reads:""Pro Gamer Manager is currently under development, butreleases regular updates. We are actively working hard on fixing bugs and adding new features and content. Early Access will help us to get feedback and suggestions right away and continuously improve the game until final release. Check back to see what each new update brings[...]Community feedback helps us prioritize our long list of planned features and focus on fixing the worst bugs and issues.Thank you very much for your valuable ideas and your feedback that we are considering in the future development! We kindlyask you to submit your compliments, questions, criticism, ideas and feedback to this forum""The participation on the forums is fairly one-sided. I haven't seen a comment from a developer yet, outside of Twitter.In the end, I enjoyed playing the game but I wouldn't blindly recommend it to othersright now. Hopefully I will be able to in the future but right now, the lack of feedback inside the game as well as the lack of feedback from developers is worrying me, personally.DO BUY the game if you can spare the cash and want to invest in a promising game without any guarantee that it will turn into whatever you imagine. With Early Access, the risk is yours to take. Also buy it if you want to test it, there is no demo and if you play less than two hours, you can get a refund via Steam Support. Make use of this option! Maybe you'll like the game and want to support and fund the game along with the developers.I'll keep this game on my mind and will certainly change this review if I see improvements or feel my (our) feedback has been heard and acted upon."
,Not Recommended,408740,29583400,Posted: 30 January,all,TYLER,"Horrible game. The concept is great and I'm glad that there's such a game of this concept, but I promise this isn't the game.This game is being abandoned and they're making a sequel to an unfinished game. Don't believe me? Look at the Dev Notes. The devs aren't even offering the new game for free to the people that got scammed buying this game.Looking for an actual review?Pros+ Good EffortCons- Horrible developers- Tons of spelling errors that will not be fixed- The lack of skill in this game, as it's all random will not be fixed- horribly scaled images will not be fixedThere isn't much to the game in the first place so I can't make a huge list."
,Not Recommended,408740,28710607,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hun_bullseye,"It is a good base with some great ideas, but needs to be much more transparent about stats and results, and eliminate the unnecessary wait states for almost anything."
76561198041001332,Not Recommended,408740,22713471,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,martin_mallet27,"Complete rubbish, the english is awful, the game play is horrible, there doesnt appear to be any discernable difference from having no skills maxed to have everything maxed...Complete waste of time."
,Not Recommended,408740,22750636,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,G0ta,"To put this game into a short paragraph, it's the worst tycoon game that you'll ever play. When I bought this game, I thought that I would have a magnificent experience, but unfortunately that's not the case. This game doesn't involve skill and everything is decided by random result. You can spend any amount of time in the game and you will go nowhere. This game is broken, the animations are crap, and the fact that you can't even compete in tournaments is...there are no words to describe my hatred for this game."
76561198004160064,Not Recommended,408740,22708822,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,zOkO,"the fact that they released this game before fixing the pure random fps game mode and bad rock paper team choice crap for moba  makes me upset. devs whr doing well seems like a money grab mthey have not repsonded to any posts past few weeks about state of game( they have been great in past so weird). i was hopeing for a big patch today for release that would make the game less of a random next day clicker. as of now can't say buy it, unless u want to play a beta that might not get anything new"
,Recommended,408740,23612020,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Ez frog,the game is quite simple and can get boring after a few hours but here good things.This game is getting updates that have many new features and bug fixes.They lissen to community.Amazing game idea.Many things you can do.so yeah i think its a good game but it definetly needs more stuff
,Not Recommended,408740,22698577,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Foxy,"Pace too slow, cant skip things you had to watch 100 times be4... gets boring due to that... will review again once its significantly updated..."
,Not Recommended,408740,18539203,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gooba20,"So this game has potential. However as it stands, it's quite bad.The whole premise of the start of the game is to build up your character with all these different stats. Around day 20 you go to a gamer house.. Cool right? NO. Not cool at all, everything you have worked for up to this point isn't worth anything at all. Sure it gets you a single higher star rating, but all of the stats involved cease to exist.The game doesn't tell you, but if you don't have tons of cash going into the gamer house, you're boned. Even $5000 is nowhere near enough. Website + Finance Manager + Advertising generates $157 total. Just the finance manger alone is $600/week.The first part is enjoyable, the gamer house is ridiculous. Why master a champion in the first phase, if you can't choose a champion in the gamer house?"
76561198027241596,Recommended,408740,25771616,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ziclag,"This review is now edited.------------------------------------------501 Industries have now reverted the old game back!Thankyou Devs this was the right choice. Going forward now i'm sure most fans of manager games can agree that we loved the relaxing gameplay of Pro Gamer Manager. Keep this vibe with your updates and do try and build upon the game itself not create a new one if possible. We forgive you keep it up and thankyou for listening to the fans instead of sweeping it under the rug.I'm changing this review to positive because these Devs are awesome for realising their mistake.---------------------------------------------This part of the review is now out of date but i'm keeping it as a reminder.Review for updated version of PGM-------------------------------------------------------I've had a little play around with the new updated version of PGM which is now being developed by 501 Industries and they've just killed it for me. I literally have no options to do anything in game but ranked, career and team. You can click on a bed click on a toilet and click on a pc screen. Or am i missing the update? To me they've removed everything that made the original fun. Yes it was random and really made no sense but it had charm. This version i'm just face palming. I'll change this review to positive if they revert the game back."
,Not Recommended,408740,31635043,Posted: 8 May,all,Weeb-san,"I really like this game and will 100% be playing PGM 2 as 501 is giving it free to people who bought PGM 1.It really is a fun game and you can get more play time than you would expect but as a whole it's just not that good of a game, it's overly reliant on RNG aspects and falls short on self management.The problem is not 501, people have lost hope in them and don't trust them but it really isn't their fault. When 501 took over the development of PGM it was in a state of stressed progress, they did their best to make the game as good as they could but the base was inherently broken and it prevented them from fulfilling their promises.I have faith that 501 will be able to make PGM 2 a better game with more of what their fans what, but believe me, if they mess it up I will be one of the first to complain about it."
76561198038857930,Not Recommended,408740,29974260,Posted: 16 February,all,Mayor McCheese,"What everyone is saying here about getting ripped off is completely accurate. This game didn't work and doesn't work. It plays itself more or less and offers you no feedback on your supposed ""choices"". How can one make an informed choice when there is no information granted to determine what the best course of action is, was, or will be in the future? You can't that's how. This is not a game. You would be as well off rolling a six sided die and guessing which side it will land on. That would be equally a game as this. To imagine they have the nerve to be like ""yeah we're just going to not bother fixing this mess we jumped in on in the middle of production. turns out it's rep is so bad and the code is such a mess that we'd be better off just starting over..... and we need money since this original game already sold to all the suckers available the only thing i can think of is lets try to catch and release and recatch these fish with a sequel"". Maybe the sequel will be good since it's a new dev team from the ground up working on it? Hell maybe so. I hope so cuz this is a cool niche. I'm afraid my good will or gullibility has run out though. Do NOT buy this for 3 dollars. Do the dice rolling thing like I said."
76561198308466801,Not Recommended,408740,31496408,Posted: 1 May,all,GrodonCentral,the old game is so much  better than it is now
76561198057897990,Recommended,408740,19633367,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Unfuddled : csoffer.me,love this game <3plz more updates
,Not Recommended,408740,22738718,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ролан,"This game had a great concept, you can play start from gamer (FOBA or CS:go) then become a team manager.However, this game....Lack of tutorials...Everything depends on luck...Boring after a while...Day in, day out, plays ranked game, saw a stream, and streaming games for money..."
,Not Recommended,408740,22725973,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Arrg,Needs a lot of work. It's got great promise but I just can't recommend the game yet.
,Not Recommended,408740,22716551,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Lord Marsden,This game is awful. Only buy if you have a fetish for bad ui and bad RNG
,Not Recommended,408740,22784993,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Yardile,I honestly think this game has really good potential but after playing it for a fair few hours I just can't recommend it.From what I can see it doesn't really matter how much you develop your player for example: My player had a skill level of around 84 yet I would constantly lose in tournaments to AI with a skill level of 35. It just seems like the entire system is based on chance and I really didn't feel like I achieved much.Hopefully I have my opinion changed in future updates.
76561198043380431,Recommended,408740,22861839,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,PTheOriginalM(AUT),"Okay game. Alot like Game Dev Tycoon, but honestly not as good. Minimalistic grafics and gutwrenchingly (if thats a word) slow gameplay. Really, Really, needs a skip or spped up button. I usualy just watch a video and check on the game every 2 mins to see if my team won or not. Also not very interactive, and probably should have a tutorial aswell. Still quite enjoyable, but this could have been alot more."
,Recommended,408740,23174430,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Hoose,"Great game, but I feel that it could be better. A way I would improve it is adding some sort of story to the game that varies based on your performances in a team, I would find it more entertaining having a sort of story and goals you could achieve that is different from just getting a house/joining a team. Another way would be to add some sort of shop to say buy a mouse, keyboard, monitor etc. They could be used to improve stats inside the game. Also the money aspect is broken, you get way too money for the amount of streaming you do in the game. Overall this game has great potential but is not worth getting if not on discount."
,Not Recommended,408740,22199833,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Schpentiger,An hour into each mode; neither of them catches or hooks me into it.I really do feel like your choices don't affect anything and you are just rolling dice for random results.Little or no interaction with anything in the game.
,Recommended,408740,20248549,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Chewbracca,"Been playing for about an hour, and I'm already addicted. Needs a few QoL things, but otherwise, an amazing game. 5/7"
76561198225245060,Recommended,408740,18697986,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,DEXTER,"Please let me edit my name, appearance, team name and so on. this game surely has potential to be a much much interesting game"
76561198046711698,Not Recommended,408740,29764922,Posted: 7 February,all,martinturner86,Well nice to see that this game has been put in the bin where it deserves to be.And now asking us to buy a sequel they have cut off there own nose to spite thair face on this one AVOID at ALL costs
76561198026670105,Not Recommended,408740,22741106,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,cjkoontz87,No tutorial explaining how to play no in game help options either to try and figure it out yourself. Sadly you have to play around and experiment over and over to try and see what works. When you do this though a lot of the results are so random that even when you do the exact same thing you get opposite results. Overall I wouldn't play the game again and actually got a refund for it. If they fixed these issues I may consider trying it again but it seems unlikely.
,Not Recommended,408740,23991864,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wick71,"Extremely repetitive. You just play the same game the same way over and over until you eventually become #1, which is not event hat exciting. Not much detail, really seem slike the base work for a great game. For now, I would steer clear, though."
76561198009897991,Not Recommended,408740,26232667,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Shade,"One of the worst executions of any idea's since the Atari's E.T. Game. It's essentially a spread sheet with graphics from 1982's apple 2 G's days. Each day can be essentially boiled down to click a button for ""Solo Q"" then click a button on the hero you want to choose (with no explentations of what the heroes do) click another button to see the results (Which at this point is a guessing game) and then repeat. It's not fun, the Dev's put zero time into gameplay, graphics or really anything. It just feels like someone 9 yearold was trying to learn how to make a game, and but this crap out."
,Not Recommended,408740,22735846,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,scouil,"Esport terminologies hiding a very basic purely random system.None of your decisions matter as far as I could tell.The outcome of the games are purely random, no matter if you try to adapt the strategy to the team.The feedback is nonsensical (comments about your great farming when you are a support).Save your money, nothing to see there.Too bad, the concept was great."
76561198075926516,Recommended,408740,22734463,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,fewerbog,"I like the game, It needs some more gameplay when you are playing as a player, but as manager it's really fun it's great when you are watching a livestream or Netflix etc but if you are going to play this with just the game itself it could get a little boring..... Overall I give it a 8/10Cons:Lacks gameplaySame thing over and over again"
76561198142572894,Not Recommended,408740,22837425,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,aaronderrickross,"Cool concept that I thought would be really fun, as I love management games, mobas, and CS.I had absolutely no fun, progression seems useless and there's absolutely no feedback on your actions.1/10 in its current state."
76561198007440566,Recommended,408740,22864111,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Shadow,"This game is a lot of fun, but is not finished.  I still got hours of fun out of it, will be amazing when it is finished."
,Not Recommended,408740,22750961,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Robinw123,Could have been great... Too bad everything is random for example :Max level guy but still lose 0 - 3 4 times in a row to a guy with 5 stars (max is 95)decisions doesnt matter at all its a coin toss so grinding your way up and getting to bethe best in terms of skill doesnt matter
76561198025881220,Not Recommended,408740,22800135,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Evaos-dono,"Could be good, but there is way to much random involved that is not explained anywhere... I mean, in a tournament, I lost 1-3 vs a guy less than half my skill level... That aside, the game needs more explaination about it's mechanics."
,Not Recommended,408740,22750197,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Optar The Dead,"I do enjoy this game to a certain extent and I dont mind grinding for skills, but any of the choice prompts you get literally do nothing:Examples: Team ask you to move into their gaming house, you click the ""Yes"" option, everything continues as before and a week later you get another prompt asking you a question with 2 answers that literally have nothing to do with the question and are written in TERRIBLE grammar, not that I'm great with grammar but it very much breaks any immersion you try to get from pretending to be a ""pro gamer"".Pros:-In my opinion a very fun concept for a game.**(See cons)-Very fun for short bursts of time.-Let's you ""groom"" a character to be different kinds of players, like Support or Midlane for mobas.-Gives you option to change game mode from 'Career' to 'Manager' if you tire of the base game.Cons:-** Very poor execution of choices and how your groomed characters' games turn out, ""world choices""(See examples above) LITERALLY does nothing.-You can also choose what type of person you are(I believe it's supposed to impact your skills and choices before games) but it seems like this also has literally no impact as games are decided through what I can only assume is black magic, because no matter if you pick what would be the best choices of action before the game starts, you will still lose and at the same time you can do everything completly wrong and still win by a landslide.-You earn money waaaay to fast, just stream, get an agent, look for a team and boom you get like 80k/week for doing nothing because your team uses another player.-Grammar for some pop-ups/choices is so broken you can't even make out what they were trying to say(Oh wait it does nothing anyway).Summary:Even though I mostly have negative things to say about this game I do still enjoy it for time to time, just wish they would polish what could be a gem instead of half-assing it.I can't rightly recommend what I believe to be a non-finished game that has a long, long, long, oh so very long way for me to consider it ""finished"" for release."
76561198071373256,Recommended,408740,22962696,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,#OnStream Kimonymy,Good Game with good Updates.
76561198174569570,Recommended,408740,22812959,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Visiion Snipes,This game is pretty good needs more updates and gets a bit repetitive after a while but overall just now 7/10
76561198040167558,Not Recommended,408740,22618048,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TheRevanchists,"I debated long and hard about weather or not to recommend this game. In the end I decided to recommend it based upon what it currently is as of writing this. This is a game with a really fun concept, with lots of possible potential, however at this time I feel the games execution is abysmal. You can select between LoL or CSGO, I picked CSGO because I don't like MOBAs. However it seems the CSGO options are bare minimum and much more attention has been given to the LoL portion of the game. That is not, however, why I do not recommend this game. That comes from the almost 8 hours I've put into this product and realized that your choices, your skill upgrades, your Hero/Weapon selections, everything you do is basically entirely random. Your rankings and stats as a player are totally meaningless, every match outcome is randomly determined with dice rolls, from what I can tell. Even if it isn't you would never know because the game refuses to tell you ANYTHING. There are no Tutorials, there are no Tips or Hints that are provided to let you know which choices you made incorrectly, no way of actually knowing weather or not you are making the right selections. I can make the exact same selections and get wildly different outcomes every single time a match occurs.The game is also imbalanced in other areas. For example Streaming is by far the most lucrative way to make money, I make enough money from 1 streaming session that it equals like 7 weeks Salary from my Team contract. You can't really interact with anything within the game, it's just ""Play Ranked, make random selections, get random outcome, rinse and repeat"". You can watch Top Ranked players streams to ""learn"" how they play the game and get tips from this. However once again the game does nothing to imply what you've actually learned from watching them, from a gameplay standpoint all that literally does is grant you some Knowledge XP to invest into the Knowledge Tree. Which as I've mentioned has no real function and does not seem to factor into anything.The game also has a problem with assuming the player (you) should already know everything, includeing terminologies such as AWLper or ADC, etc. I've no idea what these terms mean and the game does not care to explain, because obviously you should know already. The game is also littered with Spelling and Grammer errors. You are able to hire an Agent to represent you, and get better contract offers for you, however you are unable to do this unless you already have a team and have a contract already, which imo makes this rather irrelevent for obvious reasons.TL;DR- This is a game that has the potential to be something great in the future, but currently is an uninformative rock paper sicssors game where your stats and rankings dont seem to matter at all, and the game does not explain anything or make any attempts to help you."
76561198073536519,Not Recommended,408740,20198988,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,candybomberz,"This game needs a autosave option ASAP, it's 2016, this should be standard and one of the first things implemented, crashes or simple oversight can cost you hours of gaming without it.The game lacks a lot of features and even though the GUI looks appealing at first, the game is slow and doesn't give a lot of options. Definitely not worth any money right know in early access. The moba games played ingame consist of only choosing a hero and choosing 3 strategy options, after that only a progress bar appears and you are constantly waiting in the game and basically wasting time. Not a lot to do in the game overall."
76561198127718246,Not Recommended,408740,22978964,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kronos,"As many others have said, the game feels random. You can play the same tactics in two different matches and it's just as likely you end up with a perfect game as it is to get yourself completely steam rolled. I really hope the devs doesn't intend for the game be so randomly decided, but for now the whole thing ends up in a grindfest: Play enough and you'll eventually win.I really suggest the devs add some sort of turtorial or/and some hints to all the attributes and tactics so you can atleast get an idea of what you are doing when you are combining them. I for one have found little success when trying to figure out good combos and strategies.Other than that: Great concept for a game (about gaming heh), but lacks information on how to actually get good at it."
,Not Recommended,408740,29757892,Posted: 7 February,all,KeS.HaukiiBaukii,"completely random outcome in every situation.You are #1with max. stats? It doesn´t matter because you´ll lose to bad player anyway.I can´t say that I did not enjoy the hours I spent on it, even with this randomness.They even admit it needs to be fixes buuuuuuut....Now they announced a sequel instead of fixing the issues.Stay away from this game and all the following games that may come from them."
,Recommended,408740,18572734,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Farhnir,"It has a lot of potential, GAME IS BUGGY AS HELL ( But it's early access after all and there is a lot of improvment), i hope dev team will patch this frequently, for now i'll give thumb up but if no content will be added/fixed and dev will do only what they want to without hearing community opinion i'll change my review :P"
76561198038311578,Not Recommended,408740,22769417,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,H/N Kinsha,Wish I read the reviews before buying. WASTE OF MONEY DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID!
76561198327086188,Not Recommended,408740,28610400,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NoboDY,"This game is just trash!!! IT IS GLITCHING THE WHOLE FREAKING TIME!!! There was no guide and  you have to try everything in the beginning to know what's going on. The grading system is nonsense. To me , it seems like your chance to win depends on your luck but not your grade!!!  Totally trash!!! Don't ever buy it!!!"
76561198198127559,Recommended,408740,24475776,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bazinga,"The game is great, I play it a little time and I did not bored"
,Not Recommended,408740,29336253,Posted: 18 January,all,Rychleji - NTB,"so I was really looking forward to buy this game.. I had it in my wishlist for months waiting for some sweet sale but I've got a job since so I just decided to go for it and buy it.Even tho I wasn't expecting anything crazy this game disappointed me.I haven't played as manager yet (and I might change my review after I do so) but playing as a player is just not worth it. This game feels (and is) as unfinished as my university study. Players in teams doesn't evolve, teams doesn't change active players (so you won't play if you join your team weak even if you are already the best on that team), your salary doesn't change... nothing change! (your only option how to change your position in a team is to leave it and join a new one) You are the only progressing thing in this game and that is REALLY bad for a game that call it self a 'manager'.So that much for how much unfinished this game is. The other big deal is how buggy it is. For example when I was checking my team mates in one point whole team glitched and half of players disappeared (including myself) so I had to leave a team once again. If you click mail-box multiple times whole game glitches out so you have to restart it.Not to mention that there is no explanation for tactics what so ever. I think it would be neat to see how these tactics work and what they influence (it would be nice reward for upgrading you character's stats so if you gain enough knowledge you would know how a game works).Also.. This game is not timebased right.. Why the hell should I wait before job is completed? Why is that a thing?! When in your developing have you decided that it would be fine idea to force your players to look at some stupid progress bar and wait till their match(/stream/research/watching) is completed. There is no time in a game hence there is no reason for waiting.. well other than♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your players off..And last thing is. I'm not sure what engine this is made in but it feels like Unity. WHY is it in Unity?! You are just clicking on buttons and nothing visual really happens. This could be done in something else. Plain Java or plain C++ (or C#). I'm not playing this game for that stupid looking polygraf that is sitting on that stupid looking chair at that stupid looking desk. I would sacrifice all of this for solid gameplay without bugs."
,Not Recommended,408740,29692029,Posted: 4 February,all,|Fever| Cybernetcrash,"Stay away. It has been 2 weeks now since the devs said they will abandon this broken project, yet they are still selling it on the market, knowing full well it's unplayable. Money grabbing greediness at its finest."
76561198015166669,Not Recommended,408740,25976626,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,bravePLM,"A completely shallow experience. It felt as though the systems governing the simulations were random or semi-random, giving a feeling of not having control over anything. The game looks awful as well. I can't recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,408740,30053986,Posted: 20 February,all,jam0ca,"I would love love love to post a positive review for this game.The game concept overall is GREAT, and to my mind its the only game that gives you this possibility to play your own character in the e-sport environement.But the game is borken.Maybe broken is not the term to use, but just to give you a little feedback on my gameplay.I've set up a grid and tried to calculate my choices and actions I do in-game in the FPS scene and mapped out all my choices and then tried to determinded the best ones for each games.Once got out of the 5 choices, 4 were High Impact and one medium. So I thought, damn that worked pretty well, so went along that again for the next match, and 5 on the choices were red-low.I mean this could be simple RNG and bad luck but tried a third time and got completely different things once more.Please buy this game at your own risk its a fun game to play casually and I know I might not be able to say much out of the 10hours I played it, but I've played a LOT of other similar games and I kinda know my shizzle.Best of luck to yall"
76561198081554234,Recommended,408740,25200027,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,F4keS4lt,If you play moba games or fps games. I recommend you try this game. Yes it has its many flaws. Its a cool concept. Its not 100% random if you win or lose. There are factors that decide that. Are the enemy players better wich you can see now from the skill rating next to the players role icon. I played the moba one because I have never played FPS much that I knew what to do. If you want to play the moba one I recommend you look at the skill ratings and then decide what type of playstyle you go for. Enemy better than you play passive. Around the same skill play normally. And always look at the jungles rating. No matter where you are. If the jungle is better than theirs Set up jungle ganks.I really like this game. And I wish that it will be much better in the future.
76561198070171287,Not Recommended,408740,29591247,Posted: 30 January,all,Blessed,"Well everyone, I bought this game as a funny meme after watching jesse cox play it a while back. It wasnt terrible in a sense, that it just didnt explain anything in the game.... With esports growing at a rapid rate a good game/tycoon sim of esports or esports management sim would be well received imo. Youtubers Life for example with online entertainment at its highest levels. Sadly, though like most small dev teams that get a lot of hate on their games, instead of fixing it and try to promote the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it and earning back the trust of the community. They are abandoing it for sequel. But before the hate rolls in they are promising to fix the game to a decent playable state. They are also giving everyone that bought the game a free ride to the sequel's Alpha....but not the game for free....just the Alpha. So im going to thumbs this down, they want more money after proving they cant use the money they already made off the community correctly. Plus they are going to separate the small fan base they have, by forcing them to buy another game when they never technically got PGM in the first place... I respect you listen to us 501. But fix ya stuff dont take us on a Infestation Z, War Z, Day Z, Ark, No Man's Sky fueled♥♥♥♥♥♥show ride."
76561198106033201,Recommended,408740,23429485,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DragonMaster561,"Let me start by saying this game has a really good concept. I like the idea of training my gamer into a pro gamer and slowly upgrading his stats to make him a star plater. However, this game is based solely on RNG. I could have mastered aspects that would important to my guys weapon and playstyle and still do absolutly terrible. Nothin gin this game is explaned. There is no tutorial or glossery for what anything means or any explenation. Also, the tournaments are somewhat random, seeing a sI have 93 stars( doesn't explain what that even means but I am assuming it is skill or something) and I could lose to a guy with 35. As well the game has no team practice where you can call your team to practice together. Despite all this I can cautiously recommend this game based on this concept. In all honesty though, it should still be in early access based on the lack of actual skill, refining a team winning strategy, playstyle, and baseing the game souly on an RNG system"
76561198000446343,Not Recommended,408740,25780643,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,A slice of Tuna,"[This is a brand new review for the games relaunch from a new studio. I previouly did not recommend the game, but had high hopes it could be fixed]Well, that was a bummer. I don't know how they could have made it worse, but they did.It mostly has to do with them launching the game with only about 20% of the actual game in it. You make ~10 decisions at the begining, then your only input is when to eat, drink, sleep, and make the decision to play the CSGO clone. You make no decisions in game, there are lots of upgrades to buy that aren't in the current build, and the graphics are, in the kindest words I can manage, fugly.At least the last game let me choose how I would play a particular round and what character and role I wanted to play, even if that♥♥♥♥♥♥was totally random, and gave me options besides just play the game and sleep. Not only that, but on top of several needs you need to manage (guys, your game is A sim, not THE Sims. I want to play games, not shove food in my face); the time which had previously gone down with every action now ticks down continuously.There was a great game in here before, now there's at best a good one, but in this current build it's neither. It was dropped too early and at this stage I think it would be generous to even call it a beta. Proof of concept for the core mechanic maybe?Immediate update: The dev's know they messed up this launch and had the courage to admit it up front and apologize, which gets huge amounts of respect from me.I'm sorry 501, I can't change the recommend to a ""Yes"", but I still belive in you all and your ability to make a really solid game. The vision you had wasn't terrible, I may have personally disagreed with choices made, but that doesn't mean they're inherently bad. Do ya thang and make the game we know you can."
76561198037847177,Not Recommended,408740,18758991,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Soran,"I requested a refund just a second ago. i had high hopes for this one. i wasn't expecting high graphics or anything. but i expected something to cater to us gamers, and for a while it did. until you delved deeper into the game. its really shallow at this point.and the devs are NOT communicating, not via steam forums, and not via their two accounts on twitter. instead they keep on posting and deleting old posts, specially when you comment on them asking them about their plans for the game.i recommend keeping an eye on the game, and not buying it at the time being. the developer looks 'shaddy' at best. and they don't really seem interested in updating their game. your input as far as 'early access' goes is pretty much insignificentEdit: P.S. did i mention that the game events outcomes and match results so far are pretty much random? you got an event. do your skills matter? not really. does your team's skills matter when you're in a tournament? nope."
76561198045342442,Recommended,408740,22746531,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Zurga,"Its fun, good for just wasting time but it has no depth and it really feels like its unfinished. Career mode is pretty darn aweful, all you do is play solo Q or stream? You can join a team but that just means once and a while your team calls you up to either watch your team play or if somehowa miracle occours you will get to play.Manager mode is probably the best area. build your team and then have them win. The league season is fun but the tournament major style (like how you can go to IEM)  is really aweful. you sit around and wait to win with no indicater of what the score of each team is."
,Not Recommended,408740,22807713,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,SeaSenpai,the game is not fun just RNG i do not recomend this it looked intresting in the start but it died realy quick 1/10
,Recommended,408740,23194554,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gus Griswald,"I love this game, but once you get good, it becomes very stompy and not as fun. Nevertheless, I get a kick out of these types of games so it is still entertaining. I think they should get someone to do some proofreading too."
76561198014628604,Not Recommended,408740,23618014,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,RoboGerbil,Good concept. Poorly applied.Waited two months for a day 1 patch and for the time there was complete silence from the dev. Then the patch arrives and it does what exactly? There are no patch notes and definately not two months worth of work.
76561198013117214,Not Recommended,408740,23077915,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,nicki_san,"Gave this game a chance. Saw the Negatives and thought, ""im a seasoned VEt. when it comes to sims. Theses guys must not know how to play, etc."" Well now I wish i could get my refund.The Dev of this game had a decent idea, but the way the game works is flawed. Especially in ""FPS"" mode. In FPS you need to be able to control more aspects of the way your guy/team plays the game. Same in Foba.Also;-The Way you win games seems like there is a patter but there isnt-The Lack of in game choices on both player level and Manager level is appalling:You have game swhere you do nothing in player or seemingly randomly switch between Aggressive, Normal, and Defensive in manager- if the basis for FPS is CSGO, then the DEV has never watched a pro game much less played it at a even a GN level.-Stats Don't seem to matter at all, nor is there a way to know what they do.Game has a good premise and seems to try a bit, but needs more interactivity. As it is now it is a button pressing simulator. No strategy, no brains, no customization, no thrill: Just buttons."
,Recommended,408740,20329297,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,RelyingCarpet,"Really good game in my opinion, well it has the potential to be. At the moment you can tell it's early access but that isnt a bad thing. I bought this game because it looked a lot like Game Dev Tycoon which i think if they looked at more and take inspiration from their game. All in all it's definetly worth a buy."
76561198071634819,Recommended,408740,18737956,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,IamtheLaw,So I love the game! But there is still some bugs good job but I when I choose the unicorn I play the jackalope :( and I can master charaters twice and couldnt choose to be an assassin and I know its in early access but Just giving you a heads up! :)
76561198045302127,Not Recommended,408740,28920814,Posted: 1 January,all,gideon8607,"This game has a good core idea, but it is carried out horribly.The major flaw is:  stats and level means nothing to this gameWhen it comes to the tournament and competetions, your level of skill means nothing, your team members stats means nothing, and how many hours your team played together or how well they cooperate also means nothing.Even though your team are all aces with 99 on all stats, and your oppenents are trolls with 30-40 stats.. your chances of winning is still 50-50, just like a coin toss.And all the effort of building the team seems to be all for nothing.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,408740,29800944,Posted: 9 February,all,LoveLifeLive,"34 Hours played, across maybe 5 different completed saves, that's all you need to know.Monotonous.Definitely not worth the £9.99 pricetag."
,Not Recommended,408740,22724073,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,tatsumatu †.☠.†,For now this game is missing alot of content. There is no clues into what does what and you have to try and figure it all out. Results seem to be random to say the least. I think this game should of been put into early access or at the very least BETA testing for those who pre ordered to iron out alot of the issues. The have announced some updates will come with some new features which will help explain how the game works with a tutorial but for me that should of been one of the first things to implemented before releasing the game. For now I give it a bad review and will look to change it when the game has moved forward.
,Not Recommended,408740,26099446,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,NIP SyndereN,"Update kill the gameThats all.Before 11/10,after -1/10Обновление убило игруЭто все.До 11/10,после -1/10"
,Not Recommended,408740,21780337,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Monkey,Expect to buy sequel when first one was♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,408740,22713296,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Camduman,"This game is cool if you like total RNG-based grindy, oftentimes frustrating, games. Even then, it's not ready for shipping. English is pretty terrible, too much extraneous fluff, and a total disconnected feel from your decisions.2.5/10 until really fixed"
,Recommended,408740,18638569,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DjSpookyter,"The game is pretty good so far,But there are few problems to point out.When you Play FOBA, you don't have an option to press X and not play FOBA, because sometimes i want to press ""Watch FOBA"" and i press Play FOBA it just literally forces you to pick Counterpick enemy team or Try new champion.But in my opinion, The Game is amazing :)I wish to see after Early Access is complete, i bought this game because i love the idea of this game, it feels like im a coach of a real player.(I played MOBA Games)I also see the references to Real Life Pro Players in League Of Legends like, ""Bjergsen"" in game it's ""BjergsonX"", ""Team Solo Mid"" - ""TeamTryHardMid""   haha, i love this game!Thank You Raptor Claw Games, for a nice game, i hope you would make Mod Support and Fix some bugs and listen to the community on what people wants :DEdit: They listened to the community, so now we know that Reviews infact ""DO"" matter!They fixed bugs, and included features that some people wanted."
,Not Recommended,408740,29921903,Posted: 14 February,all,dat boi will never die,"This game is awful. The devs are the living embodiement of Satan and Hitler.FIrst of all, this game doesn't work. At all. None of the decisions you make matter, nothing you do matters, and there are no accomplishments.Second of all, the devs are slimy ♥♥♥♥s. They came in mid project and took then entire game over from the original creators. Then, they spend months on a long needed update to not do anything to gameplay, but they make the graphics worse. WORSE. Second update is a gameplay update, but guess what? IT'S DLC that new buyers have to pay for! Now, after the devs have shown they are money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥s that spend minimal effort on actually listening to their customers or fixing what needs to be fixed, they have done another atrocity.They are planning on fixing the game by releasing a sequel.At least people that already own the game will get the sequel for free, right? Since they've been so screwed over already?Nope. People with the current PGM get the very first build for free, but MUST PAY FOR THE FULL VERSION.This game is not even worth 3 dollars, it's so bad, and even if it was only 10 cents I'd ask for you to not buy it because giving them 10 cents is worse than giving EA 60 dollars."
76561198220580515,Not Recommended,408740,22865348,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Hideo Tsui,"Career Mode, FPS Player-There is no tutorial,you'll confused about those selections if you were not knew about DOTA, LOL or CSGO very well.-It's funny at first, but boring after 2 hrs when you explored all the content and upgraded all elements you can upgrade.-All status and tactics are useless, some time I won with certain tactic combo, but then I lost with the same combo. Maybe they are working, but there is no clue I can find them out so this game seems overemphasised randomize.It has a great theme, but that is only brightside this game has."
,Not Recommended,408740,29733842,Posted: 5 February,all,ShadowSync,"Nope, horrible business practices and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t scam!!@@@"
76561198059350724,Not Recommended,408740,28509827,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Stormmage,Do not Buy this Game its a waste of MoneyIf your read the Text for the DLC or the info on the Storepage about the game it rly sounds nice...But actually the game is not even close to a alpha state... it shouldnt even be in early access.The New DLC should focus on the FPS modeWell this is how it works...You start and create your game you distribute 6 Skill Points across 4 different Skills...The icon in the room dont work the have no Symbols nor anythingThan if you play a round in the Game itself it shows you 30 round in a Pac Man Map overlay with some points moving (even on super speed it takes 5-10 mins) where you just sit there and watch a pac man map with moving points without beeing able to do a single thing....The DLC is a completly different game so if you dont want to be a FPS player but a Moba player you need to start the old game again which hasnt received an update in ages and still is bugged and random that it hurts...This is not a game worth 13€ and definitely not a managing game cause so far you can't do much...The Game had so much potential but it gets driven into rock bottom
76561198083526426,Not Recommended,408740,28601858,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,GhostJester13,"I would reccomend it, if it wasn't based on luck most of the time. You will have 3 good games then 20184 bad ones. But i did 360 yy fakie no scope a guy so 5/10 would MLG again."
,Not Recommended,408740,26018840,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Loxiran,"This game could be incredibly funny and entertaining if it had more (better: any) depth. Unfortunatelly, after ~ 1-2hrs of gameplay you don't have anything else to do except doing things to get more money, without having any real options to spend it on.Especially after having reached rank 1 in career mode...after that, all I had to do was stop playing matches (without losing rank) and stream stuff (to gengerate more money).On top of that, the outcome of most of the actions available ingame like changing tactics, training, watching different streams feel completely random. Sometimes you lose games, some time you win games but it's hard to tell why you've won or lost respectively.It starts out fantastic and fun but gets boring real fast.I'll keep my eyes open on this game and see what the future holds for it, but I would be even more disappointed if I wouldn't have bought it when it was on sale."
,Recommended,408740,33464592,Posted: 11 July,all,✪Kanylolz✪,Nice game but fast finised
76561198190709821,Recommended,408740,25807510,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TakaNe,"I enjoyed playing this game but when i bought it, it was 15 pounds on steam, now its 10 and even cheaper with 40% off, its was fun for like 10 hours but i think they need to add more in campaing as one player, im really interested how would multiplayer look in this game, I feell like this game needs more updates. I would rate this game 6/10"
,Not Recommended,408740,25774897,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,one spinarnie boi,"This game used to be good when it was focused around a MOBA, but the new update completely ruined it.Reasons why it's bad now:1. The new FPS career takes SO LONG to get through a single game. In the old version with MOBA, the games took a little bit to pick your hero, playstyle, etc. Now it's just sit there for 5 minutes and stare at the screen as a bunch of guys shoot other guys with boolets (not really, it just sometimes says you dead and you fall over), and the announcer has THE EXACT SAME TWO LINES. I can not stress how annoying that is. Please go back to MOBA.2. Now you have to deal with hunger, thirst and hygeine. It's really stupid, because it takes focus off the main ascpect of the game: GAMING! It takes awy from the expierience3. The clock now goes by real time. It used to be that every time you did something (ie Play a match, watch a stream,) it took a little chunk of your time away. That's a good system. I can pace myself between matches and see what ne options I have. But now, as I sead earlier, the clock counts down no matter what you're doing. You can sit there and do nothing all day, and the game doesn't have a problem with that.4. Removed money and upgrades! The only point of actually playing a match is to rank up. You don't even get to choose what team you're on.5. New look of the game is awful. It used to feel very casual, like you're just a guy playing some video games. Now, it feels like you're in some action-stealth movie, which is really overdramatic.It used to be probably a 8/10, but now it's a 2, 3 if you're being generous.Do not buy this game until they fix these things. Donate that mone to a needy cause. Give it to game developers that don't completely mess up their game. Just do anything else with it."
,Not Recommended,408740,18779259,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,:3,"Just feels completely RNG. Bought it because I enjoyed Game Dev (this game looks very similar in the screenshots) but unlike Game Dev it feels like what you're doing has no effect on whats happening in the game. Essentially all you do is click PLAY GAME, it gives you 1 or two yes no questions and then you either win or lose. Then, once you've done this 2 or 3 times you have to select sleep because your energy is low and then it just starts again.... not exactly cutting edge or fun. Avoid imo, requested refund."
76561197976384609,Recommended,408740,22726856,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,AgileOctopus,"This game has lots of potential, although I really can't 100% reccomend it until the pacing goes way up. There is just to much waiting to be fully immersed in the game, however it isn't terrible if you want to watch TV at the same time."
,Recommended,408740,18664559,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,zuzya,"Great game, big potentional if developers will fix some bugs(a lot of) and add some translation or community translation at least. Worth it."
,Recommended,408740,24166898,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,sj,"I like it. It's a really simple game with some really cool ideas. I can recommend it, but it really needs more content."
76561198067157132,Recommended,408740,19106522,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Arc,"Most reviews are misleading, this game is still in early access meaning it hasnt been fully finished. There is a lot to come to this game and it has great potentail. I could spend hundreds of hours on this game even in early access let alone once it is finished.Overall a good game."
76561198115215050,Recommended,408740,21337023,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,shanghai chingchong,an amazing game and the dev roll out a new update every week or so
76561198050614546,Recommended,408740,21529835,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,hug472,This game is far from complete but it has potential.
,Recommended,408740,18597499,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Cell/Deschman,Pre Alpha great potential.
,Not Recommended,408740,23614953,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jarposey,"The concept was great, but waiting for the devs to fix any of the bugs that still cripple this game.  Everything is so RNG based that even with max stats, you will still get dumpstered by the worst teams.  The devs refuse to communicate at what is fixed, what is being worked on, basically patch notes consist of ""we did a thing, figure it out."""
,Recommended,408740,22740230,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SS-Oberführer Java,"So, its a good concept good game blah blah, everything is fine with the game, people saying this game lack of tutorials? Here is one for you. CLICK CLICK CLICK CLIK, PICK A STRAT. GO ON MAJORS, TRAIN, HIRE FIRE, DONE. Kinda boring after a while but a good game if you like to waste your time cuz you are bored or waiting for someone. You do not need tutorials to play this game. WTF?!?!??! like its the easiest game to understand??!?!?! s1mple pimple"
,Not Recommended,408740,23132214,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,vacddddd,♥♥♥♥♥no updates.
,Not Recommended,408740,22827571,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,das | Pvpro.com,"Not really any depth to the game, your choices feel as if they have zero to no influence. The upgrades system has the same feel to it, as if it's more of a novelty than anything else.. Nothing really to progress to, it's senseless grind to become rank one. Only reason I'm not mad I got it was because it was discounted by 80% on the market, otherwise I'd be regretting this purchase."
76561197996458686,Not Recommended,408740,25772351,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,low.b1rd,"Absolut waste of time...No updates... but DOWNGRADE???Oh Boy, when you like downgrades.. well thats the game you looking for..."
76561197993810589,Not Recommended,408740,25920459,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FruitSamurai,there is no real goal or purpose in this gamewinning tournaments just to earn more money for nothing reallyafter an hour i didnt know why i was still playing this game
76561198159343533,Recommended,408740,22724039,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,skinny banana,its good
,Recommended,408740,22735713,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,-=[A]=-,Still too many bugs.. please fix the cancel actions and make the game more realistic in transfering player and balancing the game against other teams. I am talking about the manager mode. So far the game looks promising.. About the features.. don't add more now.. just focus in quality and bug fixing first
,Recommended,408740,19927362,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,LSDee,"The game has amazing potential. I have a couple problems with it though. I'll list it in pros and cons, for the sake of your easy reading.ProsA ton of potentialUpdate added a lot more in depth gameplayMakes me feel like an actual struggling professional gamerLeaves many decisions in the game entirely up to youConsSome choices don't pay off, seem not to have a lot of feedback (seems to be the biggest issue), but should be expected in a game as big as thisEarly game is VERY slowEarly game can be very confusing, even to a MOBA player (for about 2 years)Encountered a few bugsOverall, I'd say the future of the game outweighs the cons, good christmas pickup."
,Recommended,408740,22297905,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,jeh,My team likes to eco shotguns.10/10
76561198032637818,Recommended,408740,22896506,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,RoyalZer0,-play some FPS-Get a team-get some streams- Win every game till you get your new house- lose everthing and leave a teampretty much my life for a year!11 out of 10 bananas would eat again! :D
,Not Recommended,408740,30534003,Posted: 15 March,all, Sido Olavich ,"abandoned, but good to♥♥♥♥♥♥around if you got £2 just to see how a company sees professional gamers... as easy-to-open wallets..."
,Not Recommended,408740,31548175,Posted: 4 May,all,KONIG,Waste of time and money.
,Recommended,408740,22741235,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mystre,"Its alright. Some things need work on, there are bugs here and there, nothing game breaking. Much further along than Cyber Team Manager which is broken as all hell. Get this on special until they tweak some bugs.English and grammar are poor, but if you can ignore that its fine."
76561198207474244,Not Recommended,408740,22956928,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dr Theisen,As many of the reviews says the game is based too much on chance rather than how good you actually play. I personally don't like thad. But what really ruined the gameplay to me is thad i dont get no response on my actions. At all. This is the first time i had to use the refound option and i already like it.
,Recommended,408740,21252137,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Kjellie2k,"I'm not really into the MOBA thing, but Ive spent a little time here and there just chilling with this game. It's not much to depth to it as of yet, but it definitely can get there.If you're a gamer and/or esports fan and just want to chill, this is alright. It'll get better with time too I'd reckon."
,Recommended,408740,20291230,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zews,It still has so much to come to it and I love it already. I can not wait for this games updates.
,Recommended,408740,19056720,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,^Harii,7/10If you are a keen player of the game dev style game then this could be a great add to your collection and as a casual MOBA  player and Esport enthusiast it was a nice play even if it did feel a little grindy at times.They have smoothed out a lot of the luanch bugs and added a good amount of content so if you're wondering weather to re-dowload the game cause if you didn't like it before then it has just for the better and may now suit your needs.However there are a few bugs still here one being that you can be both the best and worst player at the same time this was quite funny especialy as my K/D/A was 23/0/12.New stuff-Character creationAbility to stream FOBAThe ability to join a team instead of having to make your own. (They give very good wages as well!)Changed how the pre-game and in game of FOBA worksAdded a chaning metaThats all the stuff i noticed since it's luanch but there might be more!I hope you fond this review helpful. :)
,Recommended,408740,21412670,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Donryu0,"I would recommend this game to anyone that's really into the Management games. I play a lot of MOBAs, so this game really hit home for me. It's still a bit rough, but i'm glad to see the game beginning to take shape, and it's getting more enjoyable with every new update, so give it a try, you might like it."
,Recommended,408740,21711364,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,GrilloX,Good idea!Please add russian language
76561198092046108,Recommended,408740,25131391,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,• pette,Really cool
76561198038012134,Not Recommended,408740,33783208,Posted: 25 July,all,Valky,"Pro Gamer Manager, mor like Pro Scammers Managed to flee with ton of money.I buyed this full price during Early acces, dev where actually showing some willingness to stay in touch with the community, until that day where 501 took the lead and forcefullly made him do some patch that litteraly break the game.Many many month later after a rollback to what the game was before, another gamebreaking bugged update that removed 80% of the original gameplay is forced on us and half a year later a news that just spit on our face ""Hey we stole your money and we are going to charge you for another game in the future, wich will be the exact same game you already buyed just with the ""2"" after its name"", 501 is a fraud, the dev behind this is clearly being abused in this.For all those that own the game, don't forget to flag this game as Fraud."
,Not Recommended,408740,22713355,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Spacks,"If you're going to buy this for a similar experience to Football Manager, you bought the wrong game."
,Not Recommended,408740,22713094,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ecs,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥lol
76561198275521460,Recommended,408740,22849073,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,drewcfutbol1744,"I have a glitch where all words are purple. Pls fix it. Otherwise, great game!"
76561198129418522,Recommended,408740,22857057,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MUDKIP,I love I'm always into games like this so it's really fun
,Recommended,408740,20732590,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,✪ return to csgo after 3 month,"its pretty fun, very time consuming and needs a few more improvements to be a solid game, lacks some basics games should have [sound slider, more options] but a decent game"
,Recommended,408740,20772529,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,✪ Physicz | kickback.com,"Awesome, Love FPS but i wish it was FPS for Career mode to but will have to wait i guess.I give it 9/10 because its funny and addicting and requires great tactics, reason it did not get 10 is because FPS for career mode"
76561198208621089,Recommended,408740,20881593,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Aevrin,"This game looks great, and plays great. It easily reminds me of one of my favorite games, Game Dev Tycoon. Yes, this game is in early access, but the simple bare bones concept is amazing to me. Everything done so far is done great for it being VERY early access and bare bones. THe most you can do is find a professional team (or lead one) and make money, and improve you skills. But it is still fun for a time, and this entertainment will only increase as more features are added. Great job developers, and continue the great work."
76561198006527867,Not Recommended,408740,33350132,Posted: 7 July,all,Stand_and_Bang,"Like every other comment here, good idea- pathetic executionWhich wouldn't be too bad, till you add the part where they dropped this project BEFORE finishing it..... to START A NEW ONE.....? Wutface"
76561198145802777,Recommended,408740,24193921,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gumby,"This game has a lot of potential, but it does get very repetitive. Also it wouldnt hurt to show how badly i lose to other teams in tournaments or how to get myself better for them"
,Not Recommended,408740,34875893,Posted: 10 September,all,rolosonfan1,Terrible game.  Not at all completed.  I've play through twice now and have lost both save files.
76561197972247647,Not Recommended,408740,18865001,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Cyvster,"In it's current state I would not recommend this game.The game feels clunky. There are little things that can be improved upon over time, and there are core functionality issues that are not likely to be addressed.-Manual game saves. The game does not autosave. I can't understand why not since you can't have multiple saves.-Acquring new players for your team requires you to drop a player first to open a slot. You may not be able to find a better player than the one you had, but you are still requried to drop the player or a slot won't be open to bring someone new on the team.-What the hell do any of the stats or choices you make during the FOBA games mean? The whole mini-game seems like random choices with random consequences.-Without being able to make an impact on the FOBA games it seems like unnecessary tedium to have to sit through all of the screens over and over.In general it feels like you have very little control or knowledge of what is taking place in the game. You make a few choices and await an outcome. You then repeat this process hundreds or thousands of times. The game lacks depth, clear direction, or any semblance of structure. I don't know what I'm doing, where I'm going, or why I'm doing stuff to go there.Your money can be better spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,408740,22879814,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CooperEdits,It's a good game but it gets pretty boring after awhile.. I would give it a 6/10
,Recommended,408740,22721125,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Avey,"Overall good game, great idea, there's variety in the game, so much potential. But the game is missing so much, so many features. I'd like to start off with the lack of documentation in the game, nothing is explained, you have to figure everything out on your own, which after a while makes you believe that everything is running on random chances, because you can be the best player in the tournament, but still loose in the first stage. There's too much griding in the game, if youre in a team and you play a team match it might be a week until you play another team match despite in manager mode your team plays a game every day.There's a lot of bugs to be fized in the game, for example winning an fps match 16:15 (Unless thats a feature?), or loosing the tournament in the second stage yet still getting the prizes. Loosing a cup but still qualifying for the mayor. The list goes on.I'm not riping into the game just hoping to make you guys aware of the state of the game and just to provide some contructive criticism for the game developers. If you guys need some ideas for the game just hit me up I have a ton of eSports experience"
76561198086334915,Recommended,408740,22703894,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,raningblood,This game is hands down one of the best depictions of the average gamers life. It is also as addicting as everybodies farorite clicker/managment/tycoon type games.
,Not Recommended,408740,22902589,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,itzwizzard,Thank god the refund option is here.
76561198293937068,Recommended,408740,22962946,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Shǎd∅w,Really nice game without the best graphics but the graphics are not a problem by the way u can pass ur time really nice and happy is one of the best manager games in this price (mine opinion )
76561198079376698,Recommended,408740,22722035,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SpoonFed,"I don't think there is anything quite like this game and I think some of its elements are great but the game as a whole is lacking depth at the moment. In addition, I find that in tournament situations where I am like 30+levels higher than everyone else I still lose; this is kind of like saying that if I was to 1v1 KennyS I'd pwn him...Is this normal or does it need to be fixed? To make this game one of a kind I think that constant updates and new features need to be added to make people want to play it more than 5-7hours without getting bored. Overall, I enjoyed playing this game and I like the idea behind it."
,Recommended,408740,22504657,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,db_art,This game is too addictive and the constant updates never make it boring.Well done devs make more plz.Would recommend to any1.
76561197993582500,Recommended,408740,22758671,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Pug,Bought this on a sudden impulse buy and I'm loving it
76561198039450637,Recommended,408740,18551015,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mnacko,"You play a game to play another game, gameception!"
,Recommended,408740,22711734,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,NoManRocket,"When it first came out it was complete garbage, but It has kept improving rapidly and is now a pretty fun game, although still in need of some improvements its definitely worth 12 bucks."
,Recommended,408740,22549958,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,✪ Ketchup,"It's a solid game which if you like e-sports as general you sure will have some fun! It lacks some features still like the Talents and the ability to know what did you do wrong in the previous games so you can win the next ones, withought just guessing but it gets a recommend from me!"
76561198032200703,Not Recommended,408740,23707081,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Soon Seng,Bad. Had high hopes when bought during beta. But the stats just don't mean anything at all. I have a stat of 93 yet i still lose to a stat of 60s 10/10 times. Just crap.
,Not Recommended,408740,19517712,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,I3ademeister,"Realy Promising Tycoon Game.If you are into Moba Games & Tycoon Games this may can be the game for you, but not in its current state.I hope the developer can solve the techincal & gameplay issues this games has at the moment.But i think the developer is on a good way.If you buy the game at the moment its for the promise it gonna be good at the end....I cant recommend it at the moment but maybe in the future"
76561198063500971,Not Recommended,408740,22792946,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,francesc062,"This game is just bad. They submerge you with informations and choices without making any actual links, so you try to find links and understand how to play but they you realize that whatever you do the game will still be completly random I just left it there..."
76561198096052450,Not Recommended,408740,23130435,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,辉阳Jason,You know what is unlucky?I have been using the most OP champion in this game.Still lost 90% of the games.
76561198191370399,Recommended,408740,22326210,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Xx1iamXx,I love this game so much with all its updates it just keeps me entertained i just get lost in the game so easily and end up losing my entire weekend just playing this game i've already put in more than 30 hours into this game and its still not fully out yetI LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
76561198197752241,Recommended,408740,22452636,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mussaeff,Russian language please
76561198136438510,Recommended,408740,21844216,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,WordsWinWars,"If you are at all a fan of esports, then you will love this game. I find it hard to stop playing."
,Not Recommended,408740,25117499,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,twitch.tv/cyanoodle,Sadly was abandoned. it was good but then they messed it up and then left it but for the people who bought this game will get the next game for free...A very good idea for a manager game and I'd love it if a better studio worked on a game like this.
76561198290835773,Recommended,408740,22225096,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,I-Nutt h1z1swap.com,Good
76561197968928855,Recommended,408740,32679590,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,"While it seems like your characters skills have no impact on their preformance and it's all just a big series of coin flips, it's easy to lose yourself in this simple but fun management game."
76561198043149053,Recommended,408740,19856121,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Thugonious,it's Early access but the content that is in the game is fun and yes alittle random. solid7/10 so far.
,Not Recommended,408740,22803100,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rendus,I honestly can't tell if any of the choices matter in the Career Mode. Seemed pretty much random.
,Not Recommended,408740,18629302,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,.1,This game has a potential. But what was the point of releasing it for public even it has a lot of simple bugs. I`d play it after few updates and bug fixes. Still need to re do the matchmaking process (animation) as it takes too much time...
76561198130795630,Recommended,408740,20034482,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Legenda202 [FASTCSO.RU],"Super game, add the Russian language. It will be even better !!!"
,Not Recommended,408740,22726484,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,v0raz,"This game is repetitive, boring and RNG based."
,Not Recommended,408740,22767520,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Plunder,"My first thought was that this was alright for an early access game... then I realised it wasn't. And it's actually been around outside of Steam for a while.The game feels incredibly unfinished, and is almost entirely random. Your choices and stats seem like they matter, but actually have very little impact. Career mode feels incredibly unfinished (I thought I was missing something, but turns out there's just no more of the game), and manager mode suffers from the same thing as the rest of the game, where your choices are ultimately inconsequential."
,Not Recommended,408740,22709636,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TFreems,"Seems fun at first, but then you slowly realize there is seeminlgy no impact to the strategy/champion you play, every ranked match seems like a coin flip and it becomes increasinly apparent in the 1v1 tournament mode.  Being 50+ points up on people I still would lose matches frequently in the tournament, or only win 3-2.  Having no feedback or suggestions anywhere also leads to the meaningless, since you never know if what you picked actually worked only that you won or lost.Cool idea, horrible execution."
76561197985183271,Not Recommended,408740,22710188,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SKuLL_SQUash3R,"Sounded fun, but this is no manager game, just random clicker game.There is more gameplay in the old CSmanager"
76561198070608748,Not Recommended,408740,22710762,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,bookcooklady,"Easily one of the most boring games I have ever bought. There's no real substance to it, and anything I can say about it would involve swearing."
,Not Recommended,408740,22711643,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,FarkDaNarc,"i expceted this game play to be more like a Dev Tycoon style game, where you have fun and upgrade things, watch the characters/teams reaction to things, and get points to upgrade as you go.....i was very wrong. you do get to do upgrades of things such as websites, hire managers, etc. you can manage positions in FPS/MOBA style games, etc.The actualy game play is very boring and basic. you pick a few options, click the VS button and watch it randomly see if you win or not. you get to watch a board with stats that update every 5 seconds.im quite disappointed."
76561198054308962,Not Recommended,408740,22712855,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,BetaPaul11,"Honestly I have to say there isn't a lot of rhyme or reason to the simulation...I understrand it's an inexpensive game, so I shouldn't expect much, but the fact is it just falls flat. Hopefully they will add more content to it, but I would pass for now TBH.Has the look and feel of Game Dev Tycoon just none of the depth."
,Recommended,408740,32602998,Posted: 20 June,all,J-Cube,gr8 gam
76561198031018059,Not Recommended,408740,23229948,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Günni,"i expected a lot more, it´s only clicking and waiting..."
,Not Recommended,408740,23233424,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,palathas,Well I tried... I have no idea what I'm doing. There are no instructions. This is not a game. Don't touch it.
76561198096191908,Not Recommended,408740,25728813,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Frubes,So not even worth like £3.
,Recommended,408740,19068495,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,KareBear,I actually was going into this game expecting not much out of it but have enjoyed it a lot so ill say if your thinking about buying it give it a try and if you dont like it get a refund.
,Not Recommended,408740,23053737,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Quarties,"It was horrible. Rly. I was playing manager mode and I have n oidea what i'm doing. No tutorial, but okay there are lets plays. Next - I can do a lot of things, talk with players, call to press, to staff. But what does it change? I DON'T KNOW. You have no feedback what it can change. Game designer have a lot to do here. Bugs - when i'm using player scout i have to reload my save. And when i do it, my B-Team is crashed, so i have to relod it again. But when i reload game, all my staff have no progress, it is reseteing to default value (for example board director - every ♥♥♥♥ing time i have 30 days). And how the ♥♥♥♥ can I win this game? Has it any ending? Or i will play to my death? Last but not least - tournaments, the most annoying thing. Because if I lose in first game I have to ""watch"" all ♥♥♥♥ing matches. And how i can win tournament? I have 99 overall on each player in my team, and I'm still loosing.If it was early access - okay. But it's released and it's piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥by now. But with potential. But it needs good game designer and UI designer. And a lot of work.Gameplay: 2/10 (boring...)Graphic: 5/10 (pretty nice, but it has poor animations)Price: 2/10 (too expensive, for this product it's worth 6€, not more)Overall experience: 4/10 (it rly has potential... but it's only what this game has by now)"
,Not Recommended,408740,34371050,Posted: 20 August,all,Khser,Requested a refund.
,Not Recommended,408740,34556292,Posted: 28 August,all,Seductive Stalin,"This game is like if you went to McDonalds and ordered a McChicken and a coke. You paid for them both, and get the coke, and sip on it as you wait for the order to be ready.You wait and wait and wait.Then the teenager at the register tells you that you're not getting your money back, but don't worry they're opening a new McDonalds down the road.Don't go to this McDonalds."
,Not Recommended,408740,34063974,Posted: 6 August,all,The Mandalor,just....no.......
76561198241091290,Recommended,408740,34849761,Posted: 9 September,all,anc1615,This is a super fun game and I can't wait for the second one!
76561198063616772,Not Recommended,408740,20962155,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hick Rarrison,"As of 2/4/16, I have beaten the game and probably have some sort of plausable opinion considering that I play MOBAs on a regular basis to say this game is playable yet boring and doesn't simulate pro/casual player.I want to preface this with a message to the developers:STOP TRYING TO ADD NEW THINGS TO DIVERSIFY THE GAME AND START ADDING CORE MECHANICS TO WHAT YOU ALREADY HAVE. THE GAME IS BROKEN AND AN UNENJOYABLE FIRST EXPERIENCE.Onto the review.Your champion/character picks don't mean anything since their role means nothing, their position in the meta or OP Chart means nothing since it doesn't impact matches, and you can't dictate anything in the middle of the game.The Pick/Ban phase is useless, since you chose your character prior to the actual select (which nobody would do), and you can't improvise mid game to change playstyle. You do nothing for your character, you can't see what's going on, you can't post-analyze the match, and you can't give your person/character an area to work on.Champion mastery is also irrelevant. When I select a character who I have never touched before I have a higher winrate than a champion I have spent most of 4 hours working on.The FPS category is irrelevant since there's literally nothing there. Just some icons.Managing a team was fun until your players started underperforming for no reason, with no statistical proof of lack of ability to play the game, and you can't negotiate or haggle using contracts with players so you're often stuck with a level 2 mid laner in a team where everyone is level 80+. (I know they don't have levels, it's just easier to explain using such lingo).My biggest pet peeve is that the character mean nothing. Literally nothing, they're just icons with smaller icons in the top left corner. They don't have pros, cons, weaknesses early, weakness late, magic or physical damage reference, and in general mean nothing. This means that you can't really help your ""team"" when they ask you for a single target burster. What? Does this fairy thing do burst damage, aoe damage, or does this dragon heal? There is no explanation to characters.TL;DR This game is a shell and technically shouldn't be an early access game since this isn't a game right now. But I very much like the concept and it would be awesome to manage a character that you love and want to improve and win the FOBA (whatever that stands for) world championships."
76561197990354912,Not Recommended,408740,22043607,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,JackyGC,Repetitive and Boring. Dont waste your money in this. Its just a sucesion of random decisiton that its not clear how affect your team or your carrer.
76561198088381842,Recommended,408740,22712889,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,higglyjuff,"""You have to fix your Grandfather's computer today. You will make $1999, but you won't be able to play any FOBA today.""Streams FOBA all day anyway.All in all, not great, at all. Too much RNG, and not in a good way. None of the decisions made in the game seem to have a major impact. Don't buy unless you have money to waste on a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198082496100,Recommended,408740,22656259,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jackson Rabbit,Pro gamer manger is a grate (great) and fun game it has become popular on YouTube and one of my favorites series to do on my small channel it is awsome and it has something to do with csgo in it because of fps and also if it ties it goes into overtime btw and there is a bug were I got a score of 15 - 8 on fps so plz fix that but other then that grate (grate lol) game really fun!
,Not Recommended,408740,24732329,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Falcon,It's repetitive and boring......
76561198065348484,Not Recommended,408740,23002206,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Revelation,Way to much rng for the player career mode. Can't even progress past gold division.
76561198052350657,Recommended,408740,22717943,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,brianread18,theres a lot of hate towards this game.. but i personally LOVE IT.. i love games like this..management games..(only thing my lappy can run...major games are played on my tower) anyway.. awesome game.. keeps me occupied while im working on my big computer.. i recommend this game to anywhere whos enjoyed gamersgomakers or gametycoon. just a good fun time killer.
76561198022963645,Not Recommended,408740,34331354,Posted: 18 August,all,DrunkFerret,"I'm adding the pile because this is somehow at 'Mixed'.This was a complete ripoff. Even though the price is low, that's what they charged...and then took the money and now I get updates about their new game (thanks for reminding me to leave a review for this devs!) on their failed games' page..like I'm ever going to buy a game from these people again.Devs like this don't deserve anything but to be completely ignored, like they do to the people that have bought their games.It's a good concept in a low population market. They should have finished it and made some fans. Of course make a sequel and improve it if the original is good...but the original is unfinished garbage and the sequel will be too."
,Recommended,408740,22700941,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Nikotoh,"Fun manager game.Just like any moba's / fps games, even if you pick meta heroes or you are the best player = you lose. Thanks Gaben"
,Not Recommended,408740,30616937,Posted: 19 March,all,⎛⎝Yuke⎠⎞,unless the PGM2 is good
,Recommended,408740,22753510,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Will,"Despite the mixed reviews, this game is quite funn if you enojy games like Game Dev tycoon, and have some knowledge of Counter strike or MOBA's."
76561198148196195,Recommended,408740,25115809,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kreeds,"This is a great game in DEVELOPMENT. It's currently simplistic and can fall off quickly. BUT!!! The creators are active in working on updates, revamping the product and will be a game to enjoy for a long time. Twin devlopment of being a player and owner makes the game replayable and further more, worth it. Buy it now and try it. Before it becomes a game more valuable."
76561198118160976,Recommended,408740,32039502,Posted: 29 May,all,lightshade,This game is a gamer/manager simulator.You can do many things but winning games is just based on luck.We are excited for PGM 2.
,Recommended,408740,18560727,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,AlbertMelfo,"Overall, I say this game is decent. Not good, but heading in the right direction. Once Early Access if over it will hopefulyl be better. I recommend it if you have played early access sims before and are alright with what that entails. Not only that, but I only recommend this because of the potential, good basis for the game, and good faith.Below my pros + cons are also some suggestions for improvements in the game that I hope the devs see someday.Here are my first impressions of the game, and what most people will experience in their first few hours. Not a lot of pros, I know, but trust me that this game is only getting better!Pros:+ Great concept with simple execution+ Enjoyable sim that you can relax with+ Huge potential+ Can play while watching a movie, youtube, etc.Cons- Not enough player feedback, so decisions players make do not always feel meaningful- Very little direction- In-game events need to pop up instead of just sit on the side. Sometimes miss them- WHAT DOES THE YELLOW BAR MEAN WHEN PLAYING FOBA?????? Who knows???- Slow paced (can be pro or con depending)- Many things seem to be controlled by factors the player can't see/understand which leads to frustration and confusionWill update this later on as game develops.Suggested improvements:= More player feedback when they make a decision= Greater explanation of stats= Ability to upgrade your gaming PC= Mouse over choices, heroes, stats, etc. to bring up a window that explains what the hell thing are lol= Ability to cancel a choice if you make it (such as play FOBA, watch FOBA, etc. Currently no way to cancel if you pick the wrong one)= Needs option to change speed. FASTER PLS"
76561198037416124,Not Recommended,408740,18543719,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,IrikeTurtles,"I would not reccomend this game in its current state. It seems really promising but there are just so many bugs.-Lost a player that i recruited because i didnt know I had to remove somone on my team before i gave them a contract.-When you buy upgrades you dont know what they do until you purchase them and then a screen pops up telling you.-If you go to the recruit player screen and then back out without recruiting someone it wont let you go back and recruit.-Some of the text went off the screen.-I used cheat engine to see if it mattered what players you had on your team, it doesnt. Winning is all RNG.Other than bugs it just seems broken once you get a gaming house. You cant stream from there so there is no way to make money once you buy it. The only way i can see not going bankrupt is if you stay in the first stage and just build up a crap load of money. Also I dont get why you can only recruit one player a day. Another thing I found irritating was that you couldnt hire the staff in the order you wanted, you have to unlock them in a specific order. This made it very difficult to make any money once you got to the gaming house because you have to pay all these high salarys well literally having no way to make money inbetween games.Things I feel should be added-Sound controlls and back buttons for every screen-A screen that tells you how to get each stat up-When prompted to make a decision in a game, I would like to know what came of it.-The ability to practice a champ and stream at the same time.-The ability to stream from your gaming house when you get there-When recruiting players there should be a tab for each role instead of having to come back everyday until a ADC appears on it.-The ability to still work on your charcter once your at the gaming house.-The ability to name your charcter and team.Other than that i really did enjoy the game and i think the concept is amazing. The thing is its riddled with bugs and once you get to the gamming house the game becomes unfun. Im still salty about playing for three hours and then going bankrupt when i had 2 grand in my bank. Still not sure how that happend. I'll check the game out again in a month or two to see if they get this stuff fixed."
,Recommended,408740,25333785,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Literally Jewish Stalin.,"A very nice game to pass sometime, not sure if its worth the price tag"
,Not Recommended,408740,19198942,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,spooky,For $10 it is not worth it*repetitive
,Not Recommended,408740,21275887,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Zeul $arcasticAnt,"I want to say that I really enjoy this game, but I will give it a bad review just because I hope it can improve. Here is a list of things that bother me and must be fixed:1. There are a lot of grammar mistakes who make this game silly and childish(""i think' 'cant""). These should be adjusted accordingly. It's not really a bug, but would make the game better and more enjoyable.2. The game doesn't have an autosave feature and I've lost my progress 3 times already due to a bug that lead to the game crashing. What happened is that I fastly opened and closed the mailbox(2 fast clicks on the icon) and the game froze so I had to ALT-F4 it.3. The pick/ban phase is TERRIBLE! You always get the pick you want and the role you want, although that never happens in a MOBA, plus, teams ban while players are picking, which should not happen(you ban before you pick).4. During your player career, you can't really see the stats of your team, nor can you see its real league. For instance, I've signed with several FOBA Amateur League #4 and #1 teams, but when I checked ""Standings"", we were playing in the #7th league. Also, if my team wins a game, we don't get points, therefore we don't advance in standings.Moreover, in FPL(the professional league), Team X is always second(same problem with points gain)Althought it was mentioned in another review, I think it's necessary that I also mention the fact that you don't get any tips on how to improve your game after a loss, or even a win. You don't know if the tactics you chose affected the game, how they affected it and whatnot. For instance, what if I am playing an utility champion, but my team is ""EarlyGameTeam""? Did I lose the game because I chose a passive mentality just because I found it suitable for my champion playstyle? Would I have impacted the game more with an aggressive mentality, attempting risky plays?"
76561198041810796,Not Recommended,408740,23115643,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Melvin,"fun times with a game that the makers abandoned. RIP money, steam wont rifund thinx gibon"
,Recommended,408740,22749795,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Toth,I love the concept but everything is like rolling dice. No strategy and gets very bland. BUT it was a good time waster and I give props to the devs. The game isn't well executed but I support the idea. Wait till more stuff added or a lot cheaper
,Not Recommended,408740,22734251,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Martyr,"This game was obviously released well before it was anywhere near done. In fact the basic game doesn't work at all, as you increase your player stats if you delete the save and start new those stat points are still in the same places and you still have the same roles you used, even if you start a new game with the other genre.My first day playing it was almost impossible to lose a match too, it was easily about an 80% win rating. After gaining a bunch of stat points which you would think is a good thing its now become about an 80% LOSS rate, and I can't even test it because I can't start with 0 stat points again (probably have to delete some file or entry somewhere).Now to the actual game concepts... there seems to be zero reasoning behind the play selections. i use a mix and match and it seems to give no impact to the game result or the skill points earned. The skill points seem to be totally random, The exact same selections grant totally different results.This game isn't complete and the fact the last version number before release was 0.1xx leads me to beleive they ran out of money WAY earlier than they thought. Then seeing the bugs that show saves don't even work correctly, let alone the game mechanics themselve, I have to say this game is no where near a completed state. It's not worth even a sale price at this point, it needs a massive number of updates before it'll be worth even $2 because it simply doesn't work at any level."
76561198030983684,Not Recommended,408740,18645320,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Tempster,"15€ for this game is 15 too much. I really tried to like this game and put some effort in it too, but you have absolutely no inlfuence on the outcome of your matches. When you enter the pro team thingy, you'll need massive amounts of money because all your team members will be horrible (things like training schedule, scouting, coaching etc. are completely useless) and you won't generate money at all. You can then only progress by winning (remember th 100% rng factor?) your current league. I really hope that the developers of this abomination stop making games."
,Not Recommended,408740,22708341,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,twitch.tv/the_reckonist,As of April 2016 the game is still an early access mess. It looks like a case of Top Gear. Ambitous and Rubbish. Missing features. Seemingly randomised win/lose. It seems unbalanced and unfinsihed. Needs major updates and mechanics clarification.Here's hoping.
,Not Recommended,408740,23675504,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,bumbumbym,Just bad
,Not Recommended,408740,23524382,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,IcEsOcKeT,"Well, ok, it's a nice idea. But still some bugs and non logical things remains like continuing searching new playstyle even if you ever searched them all (one example but a lot of things are like that).Then, game unfinished, should still be in EA. Sold as finished game= bad reviews, deal with it devs.Asking for refund now and will buy again when it will be really finished...if this happens."
76561198042623187,Recommended,408740,25638544,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,lillamaster,i was plesently suprised bye this gamefuny and fun
76561198159078153,Not Recommended,408740,22712564,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Hamburglar,"Warning: DO NOT BUY!This game doesn't need a complex review, all you need to know is this: nothing matters!As far as I can tell, winning and losing are strictly random and take nothing that you've achieved, chosen or upgraded into consideration. Your stats don't matter, your equipment doesn't matter, your living conditions don't matter, and your choices during the games don't matter.If anything, the developer of this game has a sense of irony, encouraging players to grind and grind and grind for stats, gear, higher ranks, etc, while never achieving anything; just like real pro-gamers! Well played you sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!If you love butting heads against a random number generator or reading sub-par english then this is the game for you!Personally, I'd just recommend getting a pair of dice and screaming ""ODDS"" or ""EVENS"" at every toss..."
,Recommended,408740,20644815,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,N1cetas,Please!!! Add the Russian language in the game!!!
76561198086024526,Not Recommended,408740,23046044,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The Local Slut (SS),"this game is fun and has great possibility at real fun, but right now its a little unorganized and not enough graphics or details to consider buying save your money and wait for a finished product."
76561197969556335,Not Recommended,408740,29183899,Posted: 11 January,all,Caps,The No Mans Sky of indie
76561198168973684,Recommended,408740,33706941,Posted: 21 July,all,Hiyo,"Super fun game, one of the few people who liked it. I think they should add another Esport option. Something along the lines of Overwatch or a fighting game would be really cool, and I feel it would have more variety. Does get repetitive because of the lack of options in the game but good time killer."
76561197999947764,Not Recommended,408740,25223705,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Vash The Stampede,"I bought this game in early release.  The state it was in then was pretty terrible but I saw potential in it and was hoping it would get better.  It did...sort of.  The huge downfall of this game is it just seems mostly random and your stats, picks, etc. mean little to nothing.  Dissapointed to see that this game is fully released.  Seems like the creators thought only of making a quick buck instead of making the game live up to the potential it had."
,Not Recommended,408740,25152020,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Necular,"In both modes the computer is so difficult that you have to go through a bunch of crap just to have a decent character. And on top of that in the manager mode you have to have over 160 overall overage to win any games, and it doesn't give you enought money to get any decent players. I do not recommend this game."
76561198296950891,Not Recommended,408740,23760246,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,iliadzneladze,It's really♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,408740,25774057,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Element8,"I loved the old one and that this new one is more diffrent and feels wired and that i wish the full game was like the one in the past and i had a blast playing on the old one and i feel li,ke this new one might be worser"
,Not Recommended,408740,25777343,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,yare yare daze,new pgm is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,408740,22782584,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,The Green Goblin,"Not sure why there are so many negative reviews. I bought this game and played it nonstop for about an hour and a half and haven't even scratched the surface. Definately worth it on sale. I does still need some polishing on things like simple spelling and grammar in some popups rarely and expansion, maybe another competetive gaming genre option instead of moba or shooter. Overall worth it. Tons of replay value as you can play four full games, either player or manager under each genre. Unfortunately there are no achievements or cards, please add them soon!"
76561197968793283,Not Recommended,408740,22782547,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Decmo,
,Recommended,408740,22699106,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Soz,"Okay, so I haven't played this game for long and I haven't been able to actually do everything this game has to offer, but so far I am having fun. However, I can already see the improvements that need to be made.You can see the potential coming from this game but there is still much need for new updates.This game is very good, addictive, and with all this content coming, I am left with excitement.Things that need to be improved:-There are many cons to be named but the most important in my opinion is the ranked matches. They all seem strictly random to whether you win or not regardless of what tactics you choose..-when you're several stars higher than the other players in your pro team, they pick players at a much worse skill level over you.-When you're in a pro team, the league standings don't change at all when your team wins or loses.-Some of the grammar in the texts that come up are not proper english and don't make sense.-When you have a team meeting, whatever you suggest or say to the team leader, nothing happens. The leader seems to not even consider anything you've said.-Weapon mastery seems to have no impact on your overall game/performace as every game seems to have random results.-In manager mode everything is glitchy such as the B team which all you can do is buy and it sorts itself out, no interaction whatsoever. Your team could go from league #1 to #7 randomly?Overall however, this game is definitely fun but already after only playing a few hours I see the need for improvement."
,Recommended,408740,22769055,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,DESIGNER,"I like this game so much , its too nice , ignore the low video quality , that game... worth more then it is"
76561198252480762,Not Recommended,408740,32520291,Posted: 17 June,all,M.R DUCK,TRASH
,Recommended,408740,23076665,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Duddy,It's A Great Game Buy You'll Not what a Refund Never Every
,Not Recommended,408740,18626647,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kondinator,"after playing i dont know 5 minutes im already confused with the grammar and english in the main questions in this game, to an exent to i dont understand the question at all, i honestly wouldn't recommend this game right now for this price unless alot of content gets released anytime soon."
,Recommended,408740,28622178,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Harry,could you add chinese language? please
,Recommended,408740,32127014,Posted: 2 June,all,Hamoud Habibi,kinda boring at times but a good game overall
76561198013848037,Recommended,408740,19344692,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Freshly Danked Memes,"It looks promising. i would say pirate the game, try it out, and once it gets some updates buy it.The game is only ver 0.167, the game has virtually no depth, but from what i see from the current updates, it seems they are tying to add it."
76561198105998493,Not Recommended,408740,23038425,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,theguyfromgangbus,♥♥♥♥♥game-1
,Recommended,408740,33219419,Posted: 4 July,all,AznHyeon,Guud game.
76561198212386845,Not Recommended,408740,25478202,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,zero,its not worth the full price if it was half that price it would be worth to buy so i cant give a thumbs up
,Not Recommended,408740,20395172,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Geofferic,"So obviously this is in a beta form, but there's some warning signs.For one, the music is bad and shockingly repetitive.  Painfully repetitive.  The other sounds are beyond simply uninspired to the point where they sound like they were taken from old Fisher-Price baby toys.The game has very little depth to it right now.  Most of the time you are literally just watching the same boring animations over and over.  There's no transparency to what's going on and while you do improve over time, it never feels like it makes any difference what you do.  You just will improve over time.But then there's the dev's shockingly bad choice to force the player to start as a support.  Not only is this unrealistic, it demonstrates how badly the dev understands these games.  Support is not the trash position you throw newbies into.  And paying 45k dollars to learn another role?  What?  lolAt this point, save your money.  There's nothing to do in the game, it's boring to look at and painful to hear."
,Recommended,408740,18528440,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FreeZy,Nice game. Now you can play FOBA while playing in MOBA.11/10
,Not Recommended,408740,22785950,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Liquor Snurf,shityy
,Recommended,408740,28557145,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheRecar,Very good game.
76561198306531466,Recommended,408740,28657480,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mr.f,Expect Chinese patch
,Recommended,408740,31314207,Posted: 23 April,all,Сука Блять,Really good game!
76561198047252249,Not Recommended,408740,22518080,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,lyty,can't play chinese can't make BurNing win TI also LoL ♥♥♥♥ yuo
,Not Recommended,408740,30630348,Posted: 19 March,all,Fork1,Russian language pleasssss!!!!
,Recommended,408740,30362753,Posted: 6 March,all,Dog With Glasses,Game Dev  Tycoon is good game
,Not Recommended,408740,25793839,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,cold toilet seat,"Wheres tutorial?also why only 2 genre of game?and why its lol,i dont know how to play lol so why not add option 2 types of moba like lol and dota"
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,408740,22992655,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,AiDec,.
76561198055602738,Not Recommended,408740,18520464,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,megabest,still a bit to early to buy feels incomplete
,Recommended,408740,29933517,Posted: 14 February,all,True Pc King,fun mindless game
76561198087074302,Recommended,408740,22801053,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,mab,"I like pro gamer manager. If you like games in which you don't need everything is not spoon fed, this is the game for you. First, there are no guides or online information. In fact, it reminds me of days when gamers had to go to bookstores and actually buy magizines for reviews. That is how hard it is to get good information. I actually am in the process  of figuring the game out. Yes you have to learn this game the old fashioned way through trial and error. However UI is not intuitive but again, if you have time, you can learn the UI and figure out what is the best tatics for your in-game avatar. It is all in the there, you just have to find it.Overall, this game requires paitance and time. If you have neither than this game is no for you. If you have to be spoon fed everything about the game at the beginning, this game is not for you. If you want to make time for a well made and complex game, than buy it."
76561198068085433,Not Recommended,408740,18522650,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,IHazMagics,"Hello, IHazMagics here and I wanted to talk about a recent game added to Steam. Pro Gamer Manager. Wherein you take the control of a Pro Gamer wannabe with grand aspirations. What I’m going to talk about is a few reasons you should buy the game, and a few reasons you probably shouldn’t. Please note, I don’t have an affiliation with the developer Millenway Studios, this is all from personal experience from game time I’ve had after release which, as of recording is about a day. There may be some words, or terminology that require understanding of MOBA’s in general, if you don’t have that understanding please, ask me to clarify, and I’d be happy to do so.So first off, the game is reminiscent for those that have played a game dev type game. It’s $9.74 USD currently. The first mark I’d put against the game is there’s not really a steam community as of yet. This isn’t a massive mark against the game as it could grow with time and be something that gets larger. However, there’s a very distinct lack of presence from the development team in the Steam forums. That’s something I’d like to see change.Ok, the premise of the game. I personally play a lot of League, but this game will appeal to you regardless of MOBA, although it’s very clearly marketed towards League players. You start as a casual player and seem to gain fans very quickly, while I accept this is intended, it does feel somewhat strange. Personal preference. Moving on. Minor add, lots of spelling mistakes, but it’s a foreign company, so I’d take that with a grain of salt.The first bug I encountered, is the incredibly lackluster menu. The tablet system that explains parts of the game (does it?) and gives you random announcements seems like an ill thought of overlay that doesn’t add anything and instead clutters the screen (which you can still access the base menu while in).Eventually, you’ll come to researching comfort picks. Which is nice. However, if you research the same champion again, instead of adding extra points into understanding an existing comfort pick, it simply creates another entry for the same champion. On top of that, not only does it create a fresh champion, it doesn’t have the same level of played experience. Which is supremely disappointing.Another bug I’ve encountered is also to do with comfort picks. Once you pick your 6th champion as a comfort pick. Selecting them in any game since, will have you selecting your 5th comfort pick. To experiment, I selected a 7th comfort pick champ, and it still picked the 5th.The options menu is completely barren, by which I mean it doesn’t exist. Want to mute your game? Sorry pal, not gonna happen. You have a very sub standard amount of options when you open the game (restricted to what resolution, whether it’s windowed or not, and what monitor it’s displayed on).After playing more and creating a random e-sports league you lose a lot of your individual identity. So I feel it should be clear whether you’re creating a team to be a part of, or creating a team to be the coach of.Basically, after playing the game, I don’t feel as if I have any agency, or any control over my pro gamer path. I’m just doing things, as I see them and if I have enough research then yep, I’m gonna do that. However, the effects of said research aren’t apparent beyond showing up in a profile and certainly aren’t explained through any tutorial.Which leads me to the last thing. A tutorial… Where is it? This game expects you to understand what’s going on straight from the get go, and if you don’t…. Well it doesn’t actually matter because you’ll still get fans anyway. Any of the choices in game don’t seem to have ANY impact long term, where they really should.As it stands right now, if what I’ve said interests you enough to support the dev team, please do so. If however, what I’ve said has made you consider where you spend your money, I think you are making a smart choice, and when the dev’s decide to make the game both A) true to the experience and B) work, then it will be a good game."
76561197960634991,Not Recommended,408740,18534022,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Zogger,Note to myself: Never buy a Early Access Game again
76561198093074932,Recommended,408740,27413196,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SF.Tea3King,"Very fun simulation game which features gamers like us.Only downside,wished it was cheaper.Or wished they added more to the game."
76561198254803920,Recommended,408740,27642950,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ChoruS,Good game
76561198263787344,Recommended,408740,27772097,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blank,amazing game
76561198031290722,Recommended,408740,18515556,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Altagor,AWESOME
,Not Recommended,408740,30292023,Posted: 3 March,all,coolkid,"Good idea, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ realization. The game is filled with bugs, the gameplay is repetitive and instead of fixing the game, devs decided that they will stop further development and make PGM 2 instead, so they could get even more money. Definitely won't recommend buying ANYTHING from them."
76561198044946505,Not Recommended,408740,29575313,Posted: 29 January,all,Marlexe,"Stay far away from this game and the developer. This game had potential and the orignal developer even made good strides in the right direction at one point, but all of that is dead in the water.After many patches and updates the devs have continuously proven incapabel of fixing the many problems that plague PGM.It's not a lack of understanding the problems that PGM has, it's either a lack of competence or willingness to fix that which makes PGM a mediocre game and an even worse experience.I could talk about the many problems that this game has, but all of that is pointless because the devoloper has given up on fixing it. Instead as a cherry on top they have decided that it would be a better move to take this game out back, kill it off and start over ""clean"" with a sequel. They have admitted to their failure, but considering the time they had with this game that is but a shallow apology.So let all of this serve as a warning, stay away from this game and it's sequel."
76561197960436930,Not Recommended,408740,18824057,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,VertKill,"FIrst off, let me say that it is a fun game.I have a handful of complaints.  Some have been pointed out by others.Here I go.My first major issue with the game stems from what appears to be a bug in the game.  For some reason, after a certain date my team no longer participates in the league matches.  Sure I get news and everything but what's the point of playing if I can't play in the league matches?Second issue is when you first start out playing and accidently click on the same champion to master.  You are forever stuck with the two champions mastered but guess what they are the SAME.Thirdly, you should be able to name yourself as opposed to have some bogus name autogenerated for yourself.  What kind of manager game forces you to take on an identity that isn't yours?Fourthly, you can't change the name of your own team even after I received a news from a teammate that I should consider changing it.To summarize, it's a good game with good idea.  Terrible execution by the developers so far.  I would not recommend this game to anyone until these bugs are fixed."
,Not Recommended,408740,18710900,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sapaieo,"So far, the game is in a far to early state to really judge it...I am not recommending it for now since it is little developed for its price...Will be updating after the next major patch =)"
76561198000361299,Recommended,408740,18886111,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Zeni,"Very similar to Game Dev Tycoon when it comes to how the game is played as a whole. If you enjoyed GDT, I highly recommend this. MOBA players may also find this to their liking.They started off needing a lot more incorprated into the game but this first patch has definitely answered to several complaints given by players. If they keep up with their players and continue improving the game, this will undoubtedly be quite an entertaining game you can sink a good few hours into; well worth the price."
76561198005713895,Recommended,408740,18912844,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Suomip,"I have been looking for this kind of simulation game, and if the update roadmap is true then im going to love it even more"
,Recommended,408740,19369648,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rob Boss,"This is a really cool game and it is a lot of fun to play. The game is still in early access and has so much potential to be a really game. I would recommend buying this game because it is on sale and it will only get better as more content is added.BUGSI have been playing for a few hours and I have only experienced one bug, if you learn all specialties and then try to learn another one it leaves you on the screen where you would usually learn a specialty except there is nothing to pick and no way to back out. The only way to get past this glitch is to save your game and restart it. It is a minor bug so hopefully it will be fixed soon."
76561198118536774,Not Recommended,408740,21196064,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Azza909,I like this Game is has a Great future and i think it can go far But for now I can't give it a like not having options in game to even turn off sound is really annoying it should be the 1st thing that goes into a game before anything else until this game gets some options I don't think I can play it anymore
76561198143928727,Recommended,408740,19971217,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,unknown gamer,"game is fun but it was one game for you to play in this game, if you what to play an fps in this, your out of luck (FYI, the game you play is a laner ,or League of Legends, but not quite"
,Recommended,408740,25772471,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Leviaeten,"Awesome Game, Especially the Dev. Team.They listen to what the community has to say and they listen to feedback.10/10 Would Buy"
76561198022650165,Recommended,408740,25734739,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Funkatron,heh i play dota and cs... if im not playing im managing them lol thanks pro gamer manager
76561198023598497,Not Recommended,408740,18560054,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,MourningStar,"UPDATE 7-7-2016Game is DEAD. No updates have been made in quite some time. No new updates look to be coming. There were still SO many issues left unresolved. After an initial positive review of the game, in the hopes they would actually FINISH the game, I have to go ahead an NOT reccomend this game any longer. Spend your hard earned bucks elsewere.UPDATE: 4/15/2016Okay, if you loved Game Dev Tycoon then you will see this game has SO MUCH potential it isn't even funny. GET IT WHILE IT'S ON SALE!Now that that's out of the way there are still some gapeing holes, and I'm not talking about the kind your team leaves during a MOBA match. Mostly polishing, some gameplay issues, but everything overall is pretty neat for an early release.(WHY we still call games ""early release"" when EVERY GAME ON STEAM these days is an early release baffles me) but I digress.Why you should buy it:Somewhat original concept... create the gamer you've always wanted to be not the n00b you actually are.Upgrades, Research, Customization of in-game in-game character a plus with more on the way from Devs. ( you are a gamer playing a gamer, playing a game.... Gameception, Check )Ability to choose how you play the game before, and during the game's game.If you are a MOBA fan that loves simulation, you will fit right in.If you are a simulation fan that is scared of DOTA2 and Russians, you will fit right in!I will update my review upon final release but so far so good. Worth it when it's on sale. Cheers!UPDATE: The devs are a small team of dedicated gamers and industry proffesionals looking to improve their game as fast and as best as they can. If you have any suggestion I reccomend e-mailing them at:developers@progamermanager.comThey respond quite promtly, 3 hours it took for my response. It wasn't a ""canned' response with <insert name here> they actually ready the e-mail and the miriade of questions and concerns I had about the game. VERY impressive.UPDATE: 4/15/2016   WOW! Been with this game from the beginning and it is great to finally see how far it has come. Even MORE excited with how active the Devs have been answering and implementing many of the things the community was screaming for. The new FPS and Manager mode make the game infinitely more playable. Looking forward to many more hours of enjoyment! Cheers!"
76561197980896334,Not Recommended,408740,30086532,Posted: 21 February,all,PTT.Tamachan,"Development fail, greenlight fail, then talks about DLC and sequels; what an absolute laughing stock this turned out to be."
,Not Recommended,408740,29562285,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,No thanks.
76561197972051818,Not Recommended,408740,29348416,Posted: 18 January,all,Faded,"Can't even call this a complete game, so many bugs and no obvious progression throughout the game. Tried playing through the FPS career of the original game and even after becoming the best ranked player in the world, (actually I was so highly ranked I went into the negatives), I still was being placed on the bench. I actually ended my career with a salary of $70,000 and having never played in an actual match. Switching over to the Management side is hardly any better and comes down to RNG.I was excited when I heard they said they were taking feedback and rebuilding the career mode...and while this new 'DLC' is clearly different, I have little hope it will become anything worth while soon. This game should not be marketed as a finished product because it is so clearly not done with the level of bugs and overall lack of content."
,Not Recommended,408740,29504492,Posted: 26 January,all,CookieMel,"There are so many things wrong with this game that it is hard to narrow it down. Personally, I think the worst thing is that the entire game seems to be entirely random. None of the choices you make ever seem to make a difference with the results of each match."
76561198094064436,Not Recommended,408740,29639171,Posted: 1 February,all,H3M1V3,"Well this game is abandoned now anyway.Even a monkey would have made a better game. I mean how hard is it to give us some kind of text to the heroes when playing moba? there wasnt even a name for the champs, let alone any information of ""skills"". everything was rndm. you had no clue in how any decision affected anything.even when i played fps. my team was maxed out and i still lost to freaking weak teams. i mean srsly -.- and how someone can charge 13 euros for this game is not understandable. we had for years and years FREE online games for counterstrike simulations where you could as well hire your team and train them.You could even make tactics and watch your team fight, against other human players and their teams with their tactics !!! These games had been FREE !!! THEY DID NOT COST ANY MONEY !!!The best thing is. This ""game"" if you can call it so is abandoned in an official statement, they want to start over and still charge us money for PGM2 even though we already bought the empty shell PGM1 and they dont even take PGM1 out of the steam shop. you can still buy it.Srsly if i would be a developer and i have pretty old but rlly good games out there that are free and actually work, i would have contacted these guys from these browsergames. team up and make sth rlly stunning out of it.Look at Motorsport Manager. 1 Person developed a game for mobile devices and a big company teamed up with him and they made a rlly great game for PC. nobody expects stunning graphic for PGM. but i mean come on. Motorsport manager costs what, 23 euros? 10 more than PGM, but it delivers so much more.if you would care about this game and not only about money, you would have done things differently. why adding fps mode when even moba is unplayable? why adding a manager mode when the solo career is ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable. what is so hard in adding a few lines of text or a few names for the champions? you dont need awesome coding to add a few letters here and there. you dont need your coders to brainstorm all the ideas. take a rndm player from the PGM community with a bit of heart and brain and you will get all the ideas you need to make a stunning game."
,Not Recommended,408740,18581235,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Get_Retarded,"Original post 20/10/2015: The game as is right now, is playable, and enjoyable. Is it worth it? I really don't know, if you are willing to get a very flat game(there aren't many things(mechanics/feauters) in the game), you can check it out(and by that I mean buy it), otherwise you should go after some other tycoon(GDT, MadGames Tycoon between any and many others) or any other game.UPDATE 25/11/16: Hey, maybe after the first hours It'll get boring because the game is so RNG based. Hopefully the FPS mode update comes soon.UPDATE 28/12/16: Yo, I didn't really enjoy the 'BIG UPDATE', I'm really starting to change my opinion about the game.(LOL, sounds like I'm writing a daily log)UPDATED 25/1/2017: Honestly, the DLC in my honest opinion is even worse than the normal game, even more boring. As a player who invested some time(40+ hours), I've lost the joy of playing it. And I've just seen the news that PGM 1 won't be worked on anymore(or so I believe) because 501Industries just announced that ""They failed hard, twice, with this game, and that in order to fix the things they've failed, they have to develop PGM2"".So, all in all, if you want a half-game, feel free to buy this game(I'd recommend buying when it's on sale, if at all).My review used to be the thumbs up, but the fact I've lost hope on this game and the news that it'll be discontinued meant that I had to show my ""discontent"" in some way."
,Not Recommended,408740,20935085,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sero,"Its a really fun addicting game with still a lot of things to come! However, it doesn't auto save so don't find out the hard way like I did!Edit: They failed to update the game and gave up with it thus everyone who brought it lost some money for a broken game...."
,Not Recommended,408740,21864833,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,fuckboi,play video games while you play a video game.pretty cool.
76561198020171620,Not Recommended,408740,30249003,Posted: 28 February,all,kujo2678,"I really wanted to Like this game really big into the Tycoon Style games and this one was a fresh idea.... Sadly its nothing but one big bug :(. When first starting it seems fun but once you get on a team which is (bugged) as a player (bugged) or Coach (bugged) thats when the problems start. At the end of the season you can Join in World events instead of just your Local League.... problem is its all random there's little control. You could havr the best team in the world and still get beat easy 1st match against some noob team.. Thats just one problem out of the many. To list all the bugs would be a waste of my times and the yours.Now the Devs who took the game over from the last Devs are saying they are gonna fix the game but the only way to do that is by making Pro Game Manager 2 ( more than likely true) and the alpha will be free but have to buy it when its full realese, I feel like I already baught a very early access game and the Devs took the money and ran. I may be willing to get part two as my intrest in this kind of game is high but I will be waiting until its finished to make sure its worth any money!!They should pull this game down so people wont waste money on this incomplete never gonna be fixed game DONT BUY THIS. (even for $2.99)"
,Not Recommended,408740,22287901,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,simonyin123,"This game still has many room to improve, I have no idea why it's not early access anymore. No offense but I can create my own game simluator with Microsoft Excel better than this game for free of charge. I may sound harsh but this is the truth, this game doesn't worth the money."
76561198009684617,Not Recommended,408740,30150716,Posted: 24 February,all,patyfatycake,"Bad developers have taken over,Bought the game, made false promises, makes a new version fo the game and charging everyone again for it."
,Not Recommended,408740,30158041,Posted: 24 February,all,RHCP_Lickyz,"Devs abanonded this, took money from everyone and are now looking at making a sequel."
,Not Recommended,408740,30149480,Posted: 24 February,all,tylorjohn22,"I have tried to play and play and play to give this game a chance , after 100 hrs i finally feel like i can give this game and accurate review.  First off the gameplay is very stale and repetative but addicting because of the concept of being a pro gamer/ owner of a gaming org.  As a pro gamer ( either you choose moba or fps ) you only have a few options ( streaming , watching a stream, playing ranked matches, competing in tournaments). When playing in ranked matches or even leauge matches when you sign with a team, you have a few selections to choose to sway the outcome of the match. No matter what level or rank you are or choice you make will not impact the match because its all random. As for the owner mode , it felt like you had more choices ( from sponsors , team name, the people on your team). But even after you assemble the best team and travel to tournaments you still face the same problem...... randomness and the inabality to impact the outcome of the games. After the countless hours of grinding and leveling up and upgrading everything i still was unable to get over the randomness and for that i wouldnt buy this game."
76561198083648210,Not Recommended,408740,30287792,Posted: 2 March,all,MysteryMeercat,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME OR ANY RELEASED BY 501!!!They have quit development on this game and have decided to screw us over by starting a ""sequel""...Devs like these should be ashamed of themselves and are the reason why people avoid early access a lot.  Completely scammed out of my £10 for one of the most broken games I've seen in a while."
,Not Recommended,408740,22050682,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Speycs,"Scam, developers ♥♥♥♥ed up the game and can't fix it so they make a sequel to make us spend more money♥♥♥♥ no"
,Not Recommended,408740,25743332,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,PatientC,"*Update* Appearently they still havent gotten the game to a barable state. so im giving this game a thumbs down.it was a good concept at first and then you stripped it down to a alpha state. fix the game in the next few months and we will see where you get rated, other wise it will stay a un-recommended game.Lastly, STOP promoting your other games on this games update page. it seems to me like your trying to make up for you mistakes of this game by showing us other games that youve (devloped/ published). When i look at this games update page i want to see nothing but this game's updates and then we will talk once your new patches are worth me look at your other games. so focus on this game first before shoving your other games at me. because this game doesnt show me that the others are good based on what ive seen on this one."
,Not Recommended,408740,33435857,Posted: 10 July,all,Strawsberry,"Do not support this dev, ever."
76561198222172976,Not Recommended,408740,33483394,Posted: 12 July,all,Pagey,"It's fun, but the game is uncomplete. Might not buy the second game. They need to finish the game next time."
,Not Recommended,408740,33547911,Posted: 14 July,all,HansSoloLane,"not worth the trouble, fun at times, but it isnt a good game by any means. Such a shame because this is exactly the kind of game i've been looking for. Apparently they decided to make a second game rather than fix this piece of crap, hopefully the devs will give everyone who downloaded/paid for this garbage, the second one for free. Its probably the only decent thing left for them to do.If you are thinking about getting this game, dont.0/5two thumbs downworse than stubbing your toe"
,Not Recommended,408740,33468220,Posted: 11 July,all,Hurdles,Disgusted at them not finishing the first game to make a second. Won't be purchasing #2
76561198037080221,Not Recommended,408740,33504840,Posted: 13 July,all,IceePirate,One of the few games that I actually regret paying for. It provided 2-3 hours of enjoyment and just got dull after that. Devs are abolute s*** about updating this game and it is incomplete. Only buy the second one if it is out of early access and it actually is a complete game. Don't trust these devs to complete what they started.
,Not Recommended,408740,34032061,Posted: 4 August,all,ITzzIKEI,"Do not buy, devs are no longer updating this game. They are making a new one."
,Not Recommended,408740,34338980,Posted: 18 August,all,hi im jc,they're making a second rendition to this dumpster fire of a game.i love it.
,Not Recommended,408740,34706905,Posted: 3 September,all,Dooper,"DON'T BUY PGM.PGM was abandoned a long time ago, incomplete and unplayable.Think about PGM 2."
,Recommended,408740,35426595,Posted: 2 October,all,Senhs,"In all honesty, it is not the new devs fault that this game was a flop. They're trying all they can to makethe community happy... All users that previously bought this game will get the 2nd for free,they are doing all they can to bring us a good game at their own cost, and so what if it turns outto be bad? you payed for PGM 1 not 2!"
,Recommended,408740,35460013,Posted: 3 October,all,ChenzRoy,we need Chinese
