user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007695865,Recommended,408960,18736133,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ValkyrieMoon,"You know it is a great game when six hours fly by and you want so much more and there is so much more. The more I play the more I like, my clan is starting to grow in power and I am starting to explore more and getting to know the game. This game seems to take the best parts of Dins Curse, Depths of Peril, and Drox Operative and mash it all up into one fantastic game. I love the character progression so much, you can mix it up anyway you want. I will be playing this much much more. It is in Beta but very playable and target finish date is three months."
,Recommended,408960,20208065,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,bubicus,"The name sucks, and the graphics are not great.  I don't care.  Zombasite is one of my favorite games of 2015/2016, just like Drox Operative (Soldak's previous game) was one of my favorite games of 2012.  I like how there are so many factions that can be fighting or allying with each other.  I like how party members have personality traits that affect their interaction with other party members or clan members.  I like how elite monsters start sending out scouts and raiding as they get stronger (they level up, too).  Basically, Zombasite has the kind of dynamic environment I enjoy experiencing.One example: I got six NPCs to join one of my clans.  Two of them started flirting and married each other, and then one of them got killed during a hunting trip (you can send out NPCs on independent missions to collect food or other resources, but you can escort them if you wish) by an elite monster.  The spouse went insane and went berserk, and the surviving party members had to put her down.  Her husband became a ghost and attacked the party, and we ended up running away.  The survivors became unhappy, one started secretly poisoning the others, and he eventually let in a raid party of monsters that killed the remaining clan members.   That was pretty sad... but also pretty cool!Character creation can be fun to experiment with.  You can select from one of several classes, or you can create a hybrid character with fewer (but more specialized) skills.I do wish the 'intelligent zombie virus' was more of a threat.  I'd like to see coordinated attacks by infected monsters and NPCs.  I'd like to see zombies overrun a weak clan so they can zombify the population and eventually overwhelm stronger clans.  I'd also like to see zombie squads surround and flank clan parties so they become outnumbered, rather than just trickle individually into their weapons and spells.(reviewed version: 0.913)"
76561197975999781,Not Recommended,408960,29235123,Posted: 13 January,all,cadfan17,"I would recommend against purchasing this game.I am a long time player of Soldak games.  I put a LOT of hours into Din's Curse and Depths of Peril.  While my review is being posted with less than 20 hours in Zombasite, if you were to add up my hours in Din's Curse and Depths of Peril, games from which Zombasite evolved so clearly that a lot of the classes and skills are virtually identical, it would be in the hundreds.Then I lost track of Soldak for a while.  When I checked up on them I found Zombasite, and purchased it in hopes that it would be what it said it would be- Din's Curse, but with more classes and some cool new features and bells and whistles.And it is!  But... it's also Din's Curse with more balance problems.  And with a lot of those bells and whistles not... really... working.So the core of a Soldak game is as follows- remember the procedural plot generation from Shadow of Mordor, where the results of your encounters with various boss orcs change the political structure of the world in which you live?  Soldak does that, longer, and better, in an action RPG context.  Monsters have agendas, which they begin to carry out against your town.  How you fight back- whether you try to assassinate them, beat up their lieutenants and scouts, break their machines, etc, determines how much they succeed.  Left alone, a monster can steamroll into an incredible threat that you truly hate, and feel quite happy when you finally kill.And Soldak provides an incredible wealth of character classes, and customization within those classes.  Basically, each ""class"" is actually three specializations, each of which can function as a class all on its own.  You can either take three of them selected for you by the designer, or make a custom character with any two at all.  Since each is robust enough to make a whole character, this leaves you with a LOT of options.  And Soldak uses the best system available for determining ability score costs- dynamic pricing.  The cost of one level in a skill goes up by one each time you invest in it.  This encourages you to diversify instead of just putting every point you have into Fire Bolt or something and ignoring the rest of a given specialization skill tree.And Zombasite adds more.  Now you have other factions, like in Depths of Peril, AND you have monster agendas.  And more classes.  And your character can adventure with two companions.  And instead of your town being a relatively passive area that you arrive in and try to rescue, its a permanent clan of people you carry with you as you travel from region to region, and you can upgrade and nurture them into something that assists you as an adventurer.  For example, maybe you recruit someone named Lei, because she's an alchemist and occasionally produces extremely useful elixirs.  When a given monster rival curses her and turns her to stone, preventing her from working, sending her happiness stat into the basement, and generally mucking up your colony, you'll be more motivated to save her because she's someone you actually interact with, albeit in maybe a small way.So... why don't I recommend this?Balance and gameplay issues.  The game regularly drops enemies on you that are essentially just unfair.  Presumably you're supposed to run from them.  But the game features a stamina meter that only penalizes movement in combat, and seems to exist entirely to stop you from running.  The game features no mobility skills.  Running really means crawling away from an enemy who has no stamina penalty while chasing, drinking potion after potion and hoping you can crawl... slowly... to a teleportation point... before... you die.  If you complete a quest and accidentally cause an avatar of an evil god to spawn, an avatar that can kill you in one, maybe two hits, you're... kind of screwed.  There's no counterplay.  If you want to adventure in a level 12 area but the game has spawned a team of five level 17 named monsters, you're... kind of screwed.  I guess you just don't go there anymore.  Except maybe you have to.  If an enemy clan raids yours with a strike team of a dozen enemies five levels higher than you and the average level of your clan mates, you're... kind of screwed.  You can't fight them.  NPC hit points scale about three times faster than yours.  They move as a group, and outnumber you.  One of them probably has the Regeneration skill, and regens at about your DPS.  Your clan mates don't move as a group so they'll be picked apart and slaughtered.  About the only thing you can do is immediately sue for peace, and pay the raiders to leave.The unfairness in Din's Curse was annoying.  Sometimes you'd use a cool spell underground, and rocks would fall on your head, instantly killing you.  But the only penalty was XP loss, and you could grind back.  In Zombasite you can lose your allies when things go randomly bad.  And they don't respawn.If the game gave you methods of counterplay so that a skilled player could avoid these issues, it might be better.  But it doesn't.  No mobility skills, few skills to help your allies, your allies have few skills to buff or help you.  The addition of teammates should have led to a redesign of the character classes to ensure that everyone had some team skills, but it did not.The two most powerful classes, according to many but not all players, are healer and conjurer.  Healer to save your allies from dying, because it sucks watching them die and being able to do nothing but throw potions at them.  And conjurer because then a lot of the unfairness happens to your monster summons, who are replaceable.  Its not a good sign that the most popular classes are popular because of the way they let you bypass the game's flaws.There are a variety of other issues.  Item prerequisites are very punishing, and the typical new player will screw up his ability score investment and have to grind level after level using poor gear to fix it, or else create a new character.  There's a TON of town data you can work with to optimize your town, but ultimately its very hard to make use of it.  You probably don't have time to figure out exactly why Carlos is miserable, and chances are that even if you figure it out you can't do much about it except heap money on him until he's happy again.  Your villagers have personality traits and you can try not to recruit people with bad ones, but you aren't in charge of half your recruiting anyways- it comes from rescue quests.Perhaps worst of all, the dynamic quest system is overloaded.  In Din's Curse, you usually had about 3 to 8 problems at once.  In Zombasite, each clan on the map usually has about 3 to 8.  If there's eight clans on the map, that's... kind of an issue.  What this means is that instead of looking up what quests you have, going to the relevant place, and searching out the monster you have to kill, person you have to save, or whatever, you probably just look at the map, see that there are fifteen quests in a given place, go there, and kill monsters for a while until a bunch of quests just finish on your own.  You end up ignoring the very dynamism and interactivity that should make the game special.I genuinely believe that there is fun in Zombasite, but I think its covered up by way too much that isn't fun.  Its ok if a game occasionally throws unbeatable enemies at you... if it also gives you counterplay, like an interesting way to escape those enemies.  It's ok if losing your allies is really sad... if it also gives you meaningful counterplay to help you protect those allies.  You get the idea.  I don't feel that Zombasite does enough of this.  I think you spend way too much time chewing through insane monster or NPC hit point pools, or rage quitting"
76561198039399209,Recommended,408960,18475959,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Raserei,"Soldak is one of the only innovators in the ARPG genre. With there previous titles ""Din's Curse"", ""Depths of Peril"", and ""Drox Operative"", I was blown away at how unique they were. Zombasite mixes a lot of the great features from all the games and creates yet another amazing experience.It is developers like Soldak; I wish someone walked up to them and said ""Hey, here's 100 million dollars, make the greatest ARPG game ever."" Because I know they would.***For all the newcomers to Soldak games I will give you a rundown on what to expect:-Every ""playthrough"" you spawn in a town that grants you random quests, both main quests and optional quests. While you are hunting and doing quests, AI controlled clans are also doing the same quests in the same zones. The entire world is DYNAMIC. If an enemy clan kills a boss before you, quest failed.-Factor in bosses and enemies being dynamic as well. Bosses get promoted to become stronger and certain enemies can take over zones and become stronger.-Factor in ""followers"" which are random adventurers you find while exploring to join your party and/or your clan to protect your city from invasion.-Factor in these ""followers"" gaining levels and having random skills to use like you. As well as being fully equipped with items. You can also send your followers on scavenger hunts for food and potions.-Factor in endless replayability in many forms. When you create a character, you can activate many different difficult challenges that make the game different. Maybe a mode where you can ONLY equip artifact or above items.-Factor in full customization via simple mods. If you think experience gain is too slow or too fast, you can reduce it via a text file. If you want the base run speed to be faster, you can edit the text file. Or if you think the base game is just right, don't touch anything.-Factor in online multiplayer.One of the greatest ARPG's ever.A+++11/10"
76561197963889594,Recommended,408960,18506840,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mercian Druglord,"Soldak have basically mashed up all their previous ARPG's into an enhanced Din's Curse. You have the overworld and clan system from Depths of Peril, the dungeon delving and classes from Dins Curse and the quest system and diplomacy of Drox Operative. This all in all makes it a very unique ARPG to play with plenty going on and to do. And is highly recomended if you can look past the dated visuals."
,Not Recommended,408960,31178792,Posted: 16 April,all,[Ainz Ooal Gown],With heavy heart I can't recommend this game. I love Soldak games but this didn't do it for me. I really expected more than just 1 new class over din's curse but thats it. I appreciate the drox operative quest system being ported over and such but this really doesn't feel like a fresh step up for Soldak. Very minor reasons to get this over Din's curse or Drox operative and for someone whos played both to death this didn't add anything substantial to get me playing again. For me the zombie theme fell flat and came across as very out of place. The new death knight class is cool though. I hate that the rating system on here is so binary but would recommend Din's curse or Drox operative over this to anyone that asked and as such I wouldn't therefore recommend it to anyone at all.
76561197998018065,Recommended,408960,18474781,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Alex Poysky,"Enjoying the heck out of this game, I don't know if I've played enough of it to warrant a glowing review, but I CAN say that it has more than enough content to keep anyone on the fence of the whole ""Early Access"" debacle satisfied. As a developer I can say that this is an evolution of this studio's past work (din's curse and depths of peril mainly) and it shows.I'm happy I bought it!"
,Not Recommended,408960,20409759,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,muttsnutts,So far.. I'm not convinced.  Graphics have never been a feature of Soldak games but its about time they advanced.  The whole quests / rep system / npc system was way ahead of the pack but again I dont see that it had advanced.  I bought into this on the strength of the last games - I expected more than what appears to be the same character classes from Dins Curse with the same skills / limitations .  Perhaps a lack of imagination on my part but I would have liked to seen more modern character classes.  I suppose if it isnt broke don't fix it but at the moment I'm disappointed.On the recommendation...if you are really into the crafting / survival element of a game then perhaps choose this over Dins' Curse / Demon War - but otherwise I'd pick up the latter.Hopefully I'll change my mind as the game matures and I play more.
76561198067075407,Recommended,408960,25113876,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Enchee,"Another great Soldak title. A strategy game in a living, breathing world that reacts on what you do and especially what you don't do. If you fail to kill a boss monster in time, it will accrue more followers. The beauty is that almost every aspect is tweakable, so you can make the game as nail-biting hard or as casual as you like. All thumbs up!"
76561197980216719,Recommended,408960,18887400,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Throwback,"An incredible game.The world is responsive and evolving, unlike every other ARPG.  Your clan gets petrified, cursed, seiged, invaded, goes to war, creates your armour and weapons, and much, much more - and you can infuence all of it.As of the date of review (5 Nov 2015) the game is still in beta so there are bugs and a few balancing issues - if that's a dealbreaker, hold off for a few months.  The developer seems to be updating frequently though and is active on the game forums.Lastly, this game doesn't have the greatest graphics or sound - they do their job well and there is a large amount, but it's no artistic marvel."
76561197972441466,Recommended,408960,23386988,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MindDefect,"This game reminds me of a mesh of some of my favorite games of all time. Part ARPG (Din's Curse in this instance), but has a similar feel and depth that old-school games like Seven Kingdoms, Majesty, Civ, Dwarf Fortress and various roguelike style of games. Let me first get to the Graphics and Sound, and also let me clear up why this isn't quite like a regular ""Zombie"" based game, if you can even call it one.. If you want to skip to the gameplay review, skip down to where the review says ""Finally, on to the game....""Let me first get to the graphics and sound, they are not a sole reason you look to play something innovative like this for, but for me, being an old-school type of gamer as you can tell from the games I mentioned... they are waaaay more than passable. And if you are here currently reading this, you wouldn't be suprised to know this isn't a big dev game, so in that case I think you'll probably be satisfied with it visually. If you're ok enough to ever play a game with the graphics of some  currently released games nowadays, say like the ""The Escapists"" or something else visually on a similar level, then you should have absolutely no room to nitpick here. Visuals are moderately sharp and have a good enough amount of variance for any given generated world.  Music is pretty good to me, it comes on and off in certain moments. Not an epic soundtrack, but then again, it's not overly dramatic like some can be. Sound is varied enough from the somewhat various amount of different monsters, skills, and traps that are in the game, but some sound effects can still sound a bit too loud, so I would recommend lowering the sound volume in the options. This issue has been improved upon patch by patch. The Dev has been updating this game with major patches weekly, since it's existence.Secondly, this is not a ZOMBIE based game in the general sense, not as much as you would think for something with Zombie and Parasite in the name.. Most of it comes from the fact that there are zombie based versions of monsters, and this also causes a lot of in-fighting  between monsters. But even regular monsters can declare war on each other, yeah it's pretty crazy! Though, there is a Zombie threat bar on the bottom, that will go up over time and make more zombie based monsters exist in the world causing havoc, which you can slow it's rate of raising by doing certain quests. And you and your clan members can be infected, and this can be taken care of in various ways. Now it's basically a single dev game for the most part, so I know it can't be easy, but in my opinion I think he could have done better job coming up with the name of this game, marketing wise. I think it should be changed to something like ""Perils of Survival"", to give a better feel for the actual game. Though that name would be similar to ""Depths of Peril"", a previous game by this company.----------------------Finally, on to the game.... You create a character that levels up and gains skills, that you can keep playing through each game (generated world) you play, win or lose, and each game takes usually takes a few hours or more (this may vary by the world generation settings you set). It does have hardcore and semi-hardcore options.So what is it generally like? It is beyond just another ARPG/Diablo clone, and like just like a lot of roguelikes, everything you do in game (for this game, doing quests/defending/raiding/diplomacy/clan member management), feels like it's for an important purpose or actual incentive to your clan or the game world.. The world moves even without any user intervention, as monsters level up and form factions to group up with another. And they even plot to raid your town or cause some form of trouble for you or other clans. A certain type of monster, say Imps or Orcs for instance, could actually go to war with you if you kill too many at once (think they will just let you just keep farming them, hey why shouldn't they fight back??)You are considered a ""clan"" leader basically, with a home town (just one town inside walls, that doesn't ever expand in area) that has to win a generated world via one of these victory conditions, that are basically: Last clan alive victory, an Alliance victory, a gather enough food supply victory, or a do all quests victory.... all against actual other competing AI clans just like you (for the most part..).Most quests are generated on the fly as you play, such as to collect such and such to fix a clan's poisioned water supply, or a town's curse. You can pay for rumors for somewhat accurate locations of these quests. Also quests like ""to kill a certain powerful enemy(s) threatening to eventually cause trouble for a clan"" (and he/she will, they are not BS'ing!). Escort, rescue, stop a zombie uprising, and many more types of quests that have been added since early access has been moving forward. You can turn in quests that other AI clans give out, quests that they don't end up finishing yet themselves (and you may even do some quests via chance without knowing, before you even meet these clans for the first time... and after you finally meet them, you can turn them in and get rewarded with XP/gold and improved relations) Doing quests for them is a great way to improve relationsYou also have clan members that interact with each other, and have personality traits. You have to manage this a bit and it can be fun, interesting, and at times frustrating, like when people go insane. But that's part the challenge and variance this game has that I enjoy. You have to make sure to only recruit people that will probably tolerate each other enough, and you also migh need to help them tolerate each other. And you have to make sure they get fed, and don't hiring way too many clan members if you don't have enough extra food, as this can cause a domino effect of happiness and insanity issues.To sum it up, to me It feels weird, in a very GOOD way, playing an action RPG type game... where you feel an actual pressure and importance to acquiring more XP, Gold, and also manage just enough other various things, to improve your chances of not losing and failing a given world/game. It's not super intense like a MOBA or most FPS games, it's more so a similar feeling to some older unique games of the past, and a lot of rougelike type games I've played before, have given me.I also need to mention, there are SO many things that can be modified in the game with notepad via the Assets4 file, for you to tinker with if you'd like. There are mods already if you search the official game forums. Say for example, if you are bothered by lack of inventory space in early levels in ARPG games like this, and would like more in the earlier levels.I urge people to give it a shot with the demo, and I recommend at first trying low stress mode at first. It can probably use just a bit more feedback before it officially releases in the coming months, but don't get me wrong, it's great just the way it is, even if released now. I don't think there is any game quite like this that exists."
,Not Recommended,408960,19296901,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Henri d'Aramis,"TL;DR: I really wanted to like this game. Tons of good ideas, borrowed from various game genres. But skill trees and fighting are plagued by huge negative points (imho), and since we're talking about a hack'n'slash, that's a deal breaker.Positive:Like in many other games of this developper, there are a lot of good ideas:- Living map/quest system- Customizable difficulty- The zombie parameter is actually quite interesting- Tons of loot of various rarity levels.- 4 victory conditions / map is another good idea.- Being able to opt for a hybrid class (at a cost) is cool.BUT the negative points are a deal breaker IMHO.Negative:- Skill trees and whole classes need a lot of refining. Some skills are clearly useless. Others are incredibly strong, like, only interesting skill in the tree. Some scale terribly, and are useless quite rapidly, no matter how many points you invest in them. A few actually get worse with the scaling. Attack and cast speed are also weird. A lot of potential builds are non-viable because of all of this.- Action itself isn't really dynamic. Compared to other hack'n'slashes like Path of Exile or Grim Dawn, this is shocking. You cannot ""feel"" your power. You are auto-attacking A LOT, and many skills feel exactly like an auto-attack. AoE skills are scarce, meaning it takes a lot of time to clean trash mobs.- Vocabulary is not really accurate. Again, compared to PoE, where a specific word means a very specific thing, here, you regularly wonder how do things stack together.- Oh, and visuals are dated. Not really a deal breaker, but one could expect a bit better."
76561198043773339,Recommended,408960,18540085,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,24601,"It was either this game or Shower with your Dad Simulator 2015.  Thank you Soldak for helping me escape just when I had needed you.  Thank you.9/10 (EA Placeholder, will review properly later.)In all honesty, if you don't like Soldak brand of action RPGs then you probably won't change your mind for this.  The textures and graphics are slightly improved (at the cost of poor optimization in beta, but I'm sure that'll get ironed out as things progress).On the other hand, if you do like the very unique concepts that Soldak brings to the action RPG genre, this is the next best iteration in their succession of games.  You have clans, one of which is headed by the player character, and you complete quests for your own clan as well as others (if you want to stay on their good side).  In 4x strategy fashion you'll want to choose your friends carefully, and let the troublesome clans suffer through their problems.  Then again, that might lead to an early raid on your own settlement, or one of your friends, at which point you'll be forced into a bad situation  that will probably result in many deaths, or just one in the case of hardcore characters.You have a great and inspired class skill tree, which offers as many combinations as are listed on the tin.  Powerful traits are added to mix things up even more, adding a layer of progression that is common to all classes, and can make your character's skillset,  in tandem with their equipment, very unique.In short, so far it's looking so good for Soldak's new RPG, and it is as true an RPG as is being made these days, with meaningful choices that impact gameplay.  RPGs are games of choice, afterall."
,Recommended,408960,31195090,Posted: 17 April,all,Tchey,"I wish i could modulate my vote instead of Yes or No.I will say Yes, but Zombasite doesn't feel very attractive, after Drox Operative or Din's Curse. It's a mix of all Soldak's games features, wasted with a flat Zombie theme, a weird artistic direction, and a not so good GUI.I don't like the colors nor the shapes of stuff ingame, and the outside lands are more or less ugly. The underground feels much better however. It's not a matter of techs, but arts.The living world, the quest system to influence factions, the many possibilities of building your toon, all are nice and that's the root of Soldak's games in my opinion.Still, i keep starting new games again and again, and i keep failing to continue after a while, but then again, i start again..."
76561197989778421,Recommended,408960,22382607,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,DrRumpy,"Short answer: it's a really fun game with many evolving gameplay mechanics overlapping to make it enjoyable.Longer answer: there are many areas for improvment and the developer seems to patch once per week. I read the patch notes regularly and requests/suggestions from the community are addressed.The game has a fairly ambitious scope with so many interacting systems. Not to mention skill balancing for the character classes. So there's a lot of work left to do. That said, I enjoy the emergent nature of the game. You never know for sure how a raid on your town will turn out. Even kicking an NPC out of your clan can backfire.I've more than received my monies worth and there's a rough diamond here that get's a little more polished every week."
,Recommended,408960,18468666,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[GOL] LiamD,"Didn't go in thinking much, and I've been pleasantly surprised by what I found. Interesting mechanics, gameplay isn't bad and plenty of loot to find. I think the big thing here is the clan system, which is quite fun.More thoughts here:https://www.gamingonlinux.com/articles/zombasite-a-new-zombie-apocalypse-action-rpg-in-early-access-from-soldak-.6065/"
,Not Recommended,408960,22071992,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Khaos (S'A),"I want to tell you to buy Zombasite. I really do. Sure, the graphics look like PSX era stuff, and it takes a moment to get used to the maze-like map as opposed to other, more open overowrlds to ARPG games. That didn't matter. The game took hold of me initially.The good:This is an ARPG set in a fantasy world with a zombie parasite running rampant. You're the leader of (one) clan of survivors trying to make your way. This means recruiting new people to your cause, maintaining a town, and keeping up supplies. You have relations with other towns, all of them being other races of sentient beings, never human. You can adventure with them, trade items, declare war, have defensive pacts. It's amazingly deep.The controls are solid, sometimes movement is a LITTLE wonky, I have found a building I should clearly have been able to walk through, that I just...couldn't. This only happened once though. Sometimes you run around a pillar the longer way instead of diving right in to the enemy you clicked to attack. Of well. The character classes are fun, varried, and seem somewhat balanced.The Bad:Map generation is...bleh. I've acutally had it where I started in my town, and the only connecting area had no exits other than another clan's town. This wouldn't be so bad, I (eventually) discovered there was an exit from the 2nd town to another zone. BUT! That clan was warlike, and hated me. Had to start a new map, incurring an EXP penalty.You have a nemesis. Cool right? A guy to fight against! One to STRIVE to beat! Eh...it's parked way out in some super high level area, so you have to work to get to it. Not a big deal, seems reasonable. However, there is a thing your nemesis can do...invade your town. I thought this would be cool, have to suddenly pop back to town to fight off some event. After all, your town has an inventory, for stronger gates, and to hire guards. I thought it would be like a whole 2nd character I was buildng up.I've yet to find a single guard I could equip, all of them have some HIGH level requirements, and the gates break REALLY easy. This means I'm coming home a lot to fight off the invasions. Not BAD yet, right? Well, those invasions start to happen pretty frequently. They can destroy houses in town, and you need your houses for the...bluh...happyness mechanic. See below, in the worst.So, with constant, damaging invasions happening, the devs decided that, screw town portals. You know those things that every ARPG ever has? Yeah. You get ONE per MAP. Sure, evey area of the map has waypoints you can teleport back to town form. The maps are build like a maze though, and when you're miles of winding paths from the nearest waypoint, your town is DONE FOR by the time you can get back.The Worst:You know those survivors I talked about recruiting? Well, they have a stat. Happyness. This is where the game breaks down completely. In every playthrough, (As of writing this, I've played 7 hours, and started MANY maps to try to figure this out.) all of my survivors happyness levels just plummet. They start rebellions and are generally just agressive little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The thing is, there is no (revealed) reason for this. You can hover your mouse over their happyness level, and it will give you a breakdown of what is causing them to be more or less happy. This becomes broken because, all listed effects are green, and thus should be gaining happy levels.Again, for emphasis. ALL shown information leads you to think NOTHING is wrong, but they are becoming more and more unhappy. THAT is a BROKEN mechanic.All of your characters have traits, and those traits determine what they do and do not like. They don't all start revealed though. This wouldn't be TERRIBLE, but the hidden ones STILL MATTER! The onlyreason I can find from an extensive forum post, is those unrevealed traits are making them unhappy.Summary/ TL;DR:Potentially fantastic game is broken by a few poor choices. It is in early access though, so maybe it will get better. I will be keeping an eye on this, and updating this review if things settle down."
76561198006571860,Recommended,408960,22247246,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Fenris,"As others have already said, Zombasite combines, refines, and evolves all of the best gameplay mechanics and features introduced seperately in prior Soldak games. If you do not like Action RPGs or you value graphics heavily, this may not be the game for you. However, if you enjoy Action RPGs and place a premium value on both good gameplay mechanics and customization, there is a chance you will like it as much as I do. A demo is available for you to try it and find out if its particular style appeals to you. The quest generation system can keep you busy enough that you have to prioritize your objectives and go back to the other quests later as their severity escalates. There is always something to do, up to a desperately frantic pace depending on how you picked your settings for your current game. While it is still in early access at the time of my review, it is already a lot of fun. The only real negative I have experienced so far is that the management of npc morale for your settlement is a bit opaque without much explanation, but this aspect of the game is being worked on. The developer is actively using community feedback as he adds additional features and refines it towards release. Soldak games tend to have some modability, and it is likely that a small mod community on the company's official forums will create any tweaks that Soldak does not decide to officially incorporate into the base game itself."
,Recommended,408960,18476636,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Narnach,"First impression: this game will be a good title in Soldak's lineup. It draws on the lessons learned from previous games, adds a healthy dose of zombie apocalypse, and mixes it into a nice cocktail. It mixes Din's Curse's Action-RPG combat and dungeon crawling, Depths of Peril's clans and outside world, with Drox Operative's diplomacy and mission system.That said, it's definitely a beta title that still needs some polishing and bug hunting. (Note: I wrote this on 15 October 2015, a day after early access was released.) The developer is very responsive and accessible, so do join the Soldak forums and leave your feedback to help make the game better.Edit on 10 November 2015. There have been 5 patches to the game since it was released as early access; roughly one per week. They have addressed the bugs reported by players, as well as a lot of gameplay and balance issues. The developer is following his own tradition (see previous 4 titles) of incremental patching to polish the game to make it more stable and fun with every patch. So far, Early Access is progressing exemplary."
76561198023892474,Recommended,408960,25372995,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,chirulahr,"Well, this is a hard one to recommend. I have to admit that I had refunded the game once before I commited to it. So, yes, no unconditional recommendation.Why?I had quite abit of fun with the previous games Drox Operative and Din's Curse (bought directly from developers website, not on Steam) but I never was able to get into Depths of Peril.So I saw Zombasite (silly name...) was out and tried the demo. I was kind of interested and bought the full game. I played a bit, but was COMPLETELY OVERWHELMED with it. I had no clue what was going on and all the messages bombarding me plus high level enemies trashing my camp and my expedition at start-up were completely over my head.I just was ""WTF????"" and refunded the game.That said, I haven't played a Soldak game for at least 1.5 years and had forgotten about the basics. Just for fun and giggles I installed Din's Curse again and reminded myself of the basics of a Soldak game. And I thought to myself- well, this isn't too hard. I really should give Zombasite another try.And I did.And what can I say? Now I actually enjoy it quite a bit! It is a nice change from ther ARPGs.So do I recommend this game?If you have played other Soldak games before, definitely YES. This is the most complex Soldak game to date and if you liked the other games you will get into this reasonably quickly and enjoy all the new features.If you like ARPGs, you should also give it a go (try the demo!), but if you are just after some simple button-hacking this might not be for you, because it includes quite a bit of strategy, camp-management, damage control and frustration.There is no real tutorial and you get thrown into the deep end from the beginning, which is VERY overwhelming and frustrating at the beginning. The learning curve at start is just like a wall.And this is the biggest flaw of Zombasite's game design. I think many people might be interested and try it, but will give up on it before they are even able to appreciate this game.Luckily there is a demo!So, if you are in doubt, try out the demo first and see if this is your cup of tea or not."
76561198062265037,Recommended,408960,29409080,Posted: 21 January,all,AlterEgo45,"When I first played this game, I assumed I'd kick♥♥♥♥♥because I consider myself to be a pretty good roguelike player. I was wrong. After a couple of hours, I would say I didn't like it because of the clan management.But I stuck with it a little longer, and now I think it's going to be one of my all time favorite titles.There aren't any other games that are really like this, at least that I've played. It's not like Dwarf Fortress, it's not like ADOM, it's not like Diablo. And if you try to play Zombasite in one of those ways, it's not going to work out for you. You have to play it like Zombasite, the unique way that NPC's, your PC, and the world interact.If you like Dwarf Fortress or true Roguelikes, this is for you. If you're strictly about your PC wrecking face like in Diablo, the clan management aspect of the game might not be for you. There will be unwinnable fights, generated worlds that are harder than advertised. You'll probably quit more worlds than you finish (but you can abandon a world and without penalty to your character). You're just another leader of a clan, trying to survive, and sometimes you won't.Zombasite is just unique. It's hard to compare it to anything else that is in my library, and that's a good thing. It's brilliant."
,Recommended,408960,18522097,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Schappelijk,"I loved Drox Operative and Din's Curse. The beta of the game is fun already, but as expected rough around the edges. Can't wait to fiddle around with the hybrid class combinations.Tried my first multiplayer game yesterday and it'a blast, even though there was a lot of slowdown. Will be a good game to dedicate a LAN to.It just does not feel like a zombie game to me. It's just a good action RPG with a good incentive to come back for more."
,Recommended,408960,18751517,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mecha,"This hits that addictive RPG sweet zone for me.  If you like action RPGs, there is a good chance you'll like this.  The procedural equipment generation with wide array of modifiers combined with how character classes work and ability to have one of your clansmen with you give a wide variety of gameplay options."
76561198072828430,Recommended,408960,18553838,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,RatFacedGoat,"Holy crap, Drox Operative meets Diablo.Buy it."
,Recommended,408960,26364008,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,X Knyght,"PROS:-Procedurally generated world.-Dynamic living world and content.-Many classes to choose from or create your own with dual class selection.-Clan and relations management.-Tower defense elements.-Multiple ways to play and win.CONS:-Not noob friendly (tutorial system could use an upgrade).-Clunky user interface.-Sounds and music (or lack thereof) could use some improvements.-Some dated ARPG elements that needs to be left behind, such as identifying items and limited town portals.-Dated graphics.OVERALL SCORE: 8/10SUMMARY:As a gamer that spends most of his time playing nothing but isometric ARPGs, I have to say Zombasite has brought something I never played before.Most dungeon crawlers are all about killing a ton of enemies, looting items, and leveling up your character. But Zombasite combines other genres such as town management, tower defense, and some lite survival simulation. It all somehow works and keeps you engaged far longer than the usual grinding for loot and leveling you'll find in typical ARPGs. It really is a breath of fresh air that the dungeon crawler genre needed.If you can look passed some of the game's weaknesses that I mention above you are certainly in for a treat. It is not an easy game to get into at first since there's a lot of intricacies to learn. But if you stick with it, you'll soon find a diamond in the rough.It's almost criminal, how little to no press this game gets. I feel bad that this game doesn't get the recognition it deserves. It has a lot of great things going for it. Don't let the graphics or funny title of the game fool you and give this a shot (free demo). And if you are an isometric ARPG fan like I am, do yourself a favor and try it!"
,Recommended,408960,25878600,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Patches,"Boy is it ugly... The UI is bad too and the game drops frames a little too often, but it's still a gem. The game offers a variety of builds and ways to complete scenarios. There's no story to speak of, instead you're given a few victory conditions and the goal is to accomplish one of them.The game has several classes, nothing particularly new to the genre, but the game has a solid multi-class system. Each class has three skill trees, each tree has various passive... a hybrid character can select two trees. Basically, you give up some stats and options to create some interesting builds.On top of the standard ARPG gameplay is a sort of diplomacy system. You'll spend time dealing with other factions and recruiting people into your own faction. So, you'll spend time managing your people and trying not to get squashed by other factions... You might even do the squashing.The game has a bit of a learning curve, but once you get beyond that point, the game really starts to shine.Recommendation: Turn off zombies when making a new world, they really don't improve the game in a meaningful way (well, the sort of detract from it)."
76561198043905601,Recommended,408960,28517225,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BlastProcessing,"Zombasite is a ARPG mixed with strategy/management/sim elements.When you begin a game, you'll pick a character from a list of classes. Potential builds are varied and you can even make 'hybrid' characters with skill trees from multiple classes (at the cost of not being able to use all the combined classes' possible skills.) After selecting your character and customizing the settings for your region, you'll start off in your clan's base.At first, Zombasite seems like a typical ARPG. You go around killing monsters, completing quests, and leveling up. However, it's much more in depth and innovative than most ARPGs currently on the market. The world is living and breathing, composed of monster factions and rival clans that actively compete against you. There are also wondering recruits that you can find and welcome into your clan. These people bring a wealth of skills - as well as gradually revealed character defects (selfishness, cruelty, cowardice, etc.) to the table.The town you start from can be attacked by rival monsters, clans, or zombies. Managing its defenses (in the form of collected doors, relics, gaurd monsters, and guarding clansmen) is crucial to survival. You'll also have to keep track of people's happiness, relationships with each other, and insanity levels - which can be balanced by a number of factors (monterary donations, having them relax, giving them relic or jewel gifts, or making them happy through actions they like.)All of this is a lot to take in, but it makes Zombasite a pretty great experience once everything starts to 'click'. There's even more to the game in regards to the whole 'Zombie' aspect, but I think it's easier to understand by playing rather than reading.Pros:*Randomly generated worlds and dungeons that are not confined to a static 'theme', like a lot of ARPGs*Unique stategy elements such as: diplomacy with other clans, base/clan building and management*Varied and interesting AI clans that can help or hinder your progress*Lots of replayability and potential builds*Depth sorely missing from other modern ARPGs; truly 'innovates' the genreCons:*Little to no aesthetic character customization*Steep learning curve - prepare to make and delete several characters before fully grasping everything going on in the game*Unforgiving difficulty at times; some enemies can one-shot you before you have time to respond*Some may find the user interface dated or difficult to navigateIf you're not bothered by the cons (which I'm not), then Zombasite is easily one of the best ARPGs in years. I'd give it a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,408960,23233195,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Bash Brisecul,"If you like Soldak games, you'll like this. If you like the idea of Diablo with the randomness cranked to 11 and the graphics cranked to 1, you'll like Soldak games."
,Recommended,408960,23390287,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Eromivus,"If you haven't played a Soldak game and want to know why this deserves your attention—I mean, it pretty much just looks like an ugly indie Diablo ripoff, right?—then imagine if someone dropped Diablo inside of a real time 4x strategy game. Imagine if in Diablo the monsters could actually raid the town and take it over and win. Or imagine if some anonymous goblin out in some far flung corner of the map could actually go up in levels on its own, acquire gear, and eventually become a boss and attract its own followers? Basically, it's a game where the developer has created a lot of interesting, independently minded elements and then trusted those pieces enough to drop them all in a large box with you and just walk away. You know the mechanics work when you can point out dozens of rough edges and care not a bit about them.That being said, because this is so much more than a hack and slash action rpg, it's going to be very overwhelming the first couple of times you play it. It's going to take about 5-6 hours before your brain rewires itself to effectively juggle the action rpg aspect with the overarching strategy/clan management aspect. Once that slides into place, the elements no longer fight each other. You'll wonder how you could ever go back to a simpler kind of rpg. Fight through it, prepare your body, and let it happen.If you *have* played any other Soldak games, you know what you're in for. Whether or not the whole zombie mechanic ends up enhancing the game experience remains to be seen, but at the moment it still feels a bit grafted on. It's not a bad addition to the Soldak game structure, and I think there are some interesting ideas behind it, but it still feels like more of an afterthought than a mechanic so essential he named the game after it. You can even turn it off. That tells me there's still some design work to be done."
76561197999978495,Recommended,408960,20899456,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,boyd,"This is a really amazing game, it is a great mashup of genres. It combines the complex character customization of games like Diablo 2 / Titan Quest with many Roguelike elements such as completely random world generation and harsh debuffs that can kill you, and that's not even mentioning the 4x aspect of managing relations with other clans that can both help and hurt you.  I won't go into too many other details because other reviewers have done a better job explaining how awesome the game is.One of the negative reviews says they couldn't feel their characters power but had only played for 6 hours. That's kind of ridiculous, it takes probably a few hours to complete a world and you usually get between 8-12 levels per world (set to tiny at fast with 20% exp buff), so it's pretty unlikely they were past level 20. The max level of the characters is 100, and each 25 levels you enter a new challenge level. In any case, yes it takes more than 6 hours to become powerful, and it should.The only con to this game is it's done by a tiny shop and the graphics/sounds aren't great yet. Get over it, it's completely worth it. It's still in early access so maybe if this game can get the hype that it deserves they can spend some more tiny polishing and bringing in talent."
76561197993850478,Recommended,408960,30524399,Posted: 15 March,all,Penguin Blender,"If you've played other Soldak games, you know what you're in for.And as with other Soldak games, I recommend ignoring screenshots and just trying the demo.Their games are always WAY more fun than they look on the surface.It's an awesome ARPG with some interesting twists.There's so much to do.........-Kill stuff-Questing-Making buddies for your clan-Making enemies-Trading stuff-Stopping buddies from poisoning food supply-Dungeoneering-Crafting junk into more useful junk-Running from brutal bosses-Not being a zombieA really great game. Can't wait for the expansion."
,Recommended,408960,25037997,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,s n a f i t z e r,"Another excellent game by the great SOLDAK! Been playing their games since Depths of Peril. Zombasite reminds me of a combination of Depths of Peril and Din's Curse; But even better. Play the new Demo to try it out, excellent Early Access game. I cannot recommend this more. SOLDAK updates regularly, the game is getting better and better each month. Keep it up Dev's, this is one of the best games I have played in a LONG time.Pros:- Excellent Dev's with continual updates, this game has came a long way, I can spend all day playing.- Great mix of character development and stategic town development with great diplomacy / war with     other clans generated by the game. Find NPC's to join your Clan and either join up with othe Clans or go to war with them.- Differnt setting for a zombie game, no guns, set in a fantasy world with swords, bows, magic. Stands out from the great number of other zombie games.Cons:- Truly none. SOLDAK is a great Dev team. The game is getting so polished for an Early Access game.I could not recommend this more, DOWNLOAD THE DEMO and SEE FOR YOURSELF!"
76561197969847656,Recommended,408960,20570588,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hell_MINTH,"This latest installment by Soldak Games delivers yet again.  If you are a fan of Soldak's ""formula"" of dynamic events, Zombasite (despite the horrible name) delivers.  Gameplay and assets look and feel a lot like Din's curse, but they have added a Zombie Infection mechanic, clans, and the diplomacy mechanic from Drox Operative.All in all, if you are a fan of ARPG's, and don't mind somewhat outdated graphics, you will not go wrong here."
76561198006720573,Recommended,408960,22318409,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hkajs,A super tight game with very in-depth features. Literally have been playing for the past 15 hours straight.
76561198054524863,Recommended,408960,23613288,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Iridescence,"I do recommend this game with some reservations. It is heavily inspired by Soldak's last game, Drox Operative, and moves the setting to a generic fantasy type setting with the added wrinkle of a zombie apocalypse going on. You must take your main hero and optionally a couple of companions and do ARPG type things - slaughter endless hordes of zombies and other monsters, do quests, manage relations with other factions and keep members of your own clan reasonably happy, fed and sane. Then when you are done you will move on to the next world with tougher things tto fight and better loot to find.There are quite a few classes to choose from and you can also take two trees of your choice to make your own,  The game may seem deceptively simple at first but it actually quite complex and deep with a lot to juggle. There's an almost Sims like element to keeping your clan members happy and it isn't very well explained. I finally found out from the net that you need to assign your new clan members to a finished house and should put them on ""rest and relaxation mode"" or they get unhappy fast which causes many problems. This is not explained well in the game at all and even with doing these things, some NPCs seem to get unhappy quickly for seemingly random reasons which is kind of a pain to deal with. The game is also not very well ballanced with some NPC and PC abilities being very powerful and some being too weak to justify using them. This is also a problem with monsters as you will run into some monsters that are just nigh unkillable with the build you are using (although it is cool that the monsters level up through the course of the game and gain more abilities just like players do). Of course the game is in a beta state righrt now so hopefully at least some of this stuff will be better  on final release.Obviously the graphics here are about a decade behind the state of the art. I don't know why anyone would be looking for great graphics in a game like this anyway but expect fairly generic  low res fantasy art. To me it doesn't really detract from the gameplay though and the core game experience here is very fun even if it does need some polish."
,Recommended,408960,30648051,Posted: 21 March,all,spleendamage,"Summary:Solid ARPG with a dynamic world. Definite recommend to fans of the genre. Definite recommend to fans of other Soldak games, with the caveat that this title is quite similar to Din's Curse.Longer version:First off, I love Soldak and their approach to their games.In Zombasite, as in most Soldak games, you are one piece in a larger dynamic world that evolves around you, influenced by things you do and even things you don't. So while Zombasite is a solid hack-and-slash ARPG with requisite monster killing and quest completing, there's a another, dynamic, layer on top tracking events around the world outside of the immediate area of your sword arc. Completing quests makes you stronger, but if you delay on a rescue mission, the target may die. If you don't stop a monster incursion, they may raid your town.I mention a town because in Zombasite, you manage a clan. It's not a full hands on management sim, most of the management is indirect. The clan prospers when you get the right mix of members, defend the town when necessary, keep everyone happy, properly equipped and fed. If you don't do these things, you may end up with clan members turning traitor on you, or killing each other. Enemy factions and powerful monsters will launch surprise attacks on your clan, which you can either leave up to your clan-mates to defend, or help thwart yourself.Your clan consists of folks you run into and recruit while you adventure. Each clan member is a NPC with their own equipment, abilities and personality quirks. Clan members typically hang out in your town assigned to certain tasks like guard, or rest, but they can also join up with you as NPC wingmen while you adventure.There are other clans also for you to interact with diplomatically. You can trade or complete quests for other clans to raise your standing with them, sign treaties, adventure with their members in your party, or simply raid and destroy them.There's no scripted narrative here and each game will play differently as the majority of the content is generated procedurally, including the maps. There are a good number of class options including the ability to mix and match class abilities as a hybrid. Each adventure area also alters the play style slightly with dynamic features like frequent earthquakes, or storms with random lightning strikes. So replayability is quite high.At its default settings, the game is hard. I enjoy that. Some might not. Fortunately for everyone there are a myriad of options for adjusting the difficulty to make the game tuned to your playstyle: from quite casual, to single-mistake death.Zombasite and other Soldak games are often panned for their graphics not being slick enough, I think this is overplayed. The graphics here are not AAA, but completely serviceable. You will see the same basic monsters over and over, so that can become a bit stale, but the animations are solid and controls are good.Developer support is excellent as Soldak continues to patch the game and an expansion is in the works.The one con I would list is the name / feature the name is based on. Zombasite is a weird portmanteau of Zombie and parasite. The adherence to the infectious monsters running rampant as a backdrop for every playthrough is less compelling than if there were a variety of apocalyptic scenarios to combat. It's weird because everywhere else, Soldak supplies so many options and procedural variety. This seems like a big missed opportunity. Truthfully, I usually turn the zombies off when I am playing (Kudos for being an option for that!).If you got this far, you should at least try the free demo and see for yourself. Of course Soldak provides a free demo!*edited typo"
,Recommended,408960,25171910,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ScrObot,"Another indie ARPG? Yes, but this has a lot more going on under the hood than your average game, and is a really fun experience because of it.If you played any of Soldak's previous titles, you know what you're in for -- an addictive Action RPG experience, lots of loot, and actions (yours, other clans, and enemies) having tangible effects in the world. If you just sit around doing nothing, the game world continues; other clans will be out there solving quests, making and breaking alliances, and probably causing trouble. Enemies will be getting more powerful, even banding together into intimidating groups. Diseases and curses can run through towns. Your clan members can get in fights with each other and/or get married. Vendors occasionally wander through the world and sometimes chill out in your town for a while. You may get attacked by other clans, or sieged by monsters. And then you starve.This is basically a sequel to Depths of Peril, with the same living world and clan warfare aspects, with the additional polish and hybrid classes of Din's Curse, some interesting things from Drox Operative, all with more refined and hands-on clan management features.Honestly the zombie angle doesn't add a whole lot by itself, but it's another ingredient that makes it unique (and can be turned off if you don't like it). Soldak continues to offer lots of options to tweak your experience and/or offer up more of a challenge. And it's easily moddable just like their past titles. (Check out the modding forum on the developer's site:http://www.soldak.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=39)No, this isn't at the production level of Diablo 3 or some other AAA titles, but there's a lot of love and interesting things going on in here, and it is a fun experience that I keep coming back to. The developer is also highly responsive and open to suggestions."
,Recommended,408960,23826999,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,FuneralMile,"I'm not terribly deep into the game yet, but so far it feels like ""Best of Soldak"" aka ""Depths of Din's Operative"" where it takes the best parts of earlier Soldak titles, remixes them and takes them further (not too far, though).With a little more polish and balancing (and a good expansion like they did for Din and Drox) this could be their definite game. For fans of Soldak or loot-driven Diablo-likes in general I can only recommend this game.Or maybe try the demo at least, it's fun!"
76561198063578550,Recommended,408960,31072319,Posted: 10 April,all,Tyrannosaurus Flex,"From roid rage beserkers to powerful warlocks that can summon entire armies to do his bidding, this game gives you the freedom to create your desired hero and thrust him into a post apocalyptic fantasy world.You have several classes to choose from, each with 3 subclasses that have their own strategies. Like to be a waterboy? Well the priest warlock is for you! Like to rub your nipples and moan obscenely as everything in view is consumed in flames? The hybrid Fire Mage/Fire Mage will tickle you pink! Do youfeel the need to compensate for how inadequate you arewant to show the world how well endowed you are? Well the death knight will get your confidence back up in no time!Along with how you build your hero, you also choose how you will build your clan. Each NPC has their own personality and set of skills that will contribute to or hinder your clan. You will often have to pay close attention to who you recruit to maintain a good balance of NPC's that can tolerate each other enough for you to leave them unattended while youmurdernegotiate with the neighboring clans(NO! I DON'T WANT YOUR STUPID DOOR! NOW LEAVE ME ALONE!).Every quest is there for a reason. If ignored for some time, they can escalate into more serious issues. Some can be trivial such as low level zombie uprisings. Others can be absolutely deadly, like a Siegemaster. You are also assigned avillian of the weeknemesis/arch nemesis that will try to eliminate you until you level up enough to find and kill him.All in all, it is a pretty fun RPG with some strategy elements thrown in. I recommend this to fans of Baldur's Gate or Diablo."
76561198008498519,Recommended,408960,24769218,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Talok,"This game should have been named Dins Curse II heh.  It would appear that Soldak took all the best elements of thier games and combined them making a super fun mix of ARPG, character development, clan management, and diplomacy.  This is the most entertaining game yet by these guys.Pros:+Solid gameplay meshed together from previous games.  Feels like an comfortable pair of slippers.+ Its cheap (imho)+Super fun if you are into Soldak games+Solid condition for an early access, looks like its close to release+Good developer that is dedicated to thier gaming communityCons:-Nothing ground breaking or new-Dated graphicsIf you enjoyed Dins Curse or any other Soldak games this is simply a must have for your collection.  If you dont know much about Soldak's games (they can be a love or hate relation) try out the demo.  If you hate Soldak's previous games stay away from this one.  Cheers."
76561198007150250,Recommended,408960,31943447,Posted: 24 May,all,Destro,God I love this game way too much. I have way more than 221 hours of game time invested and do not doubt that I'll break 500 one day.
,Not Recommended,408960,25222988,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,VG Purist,"This game has a lot of things going for it... and a lot of other things that isn't quite there yet.Let's start off with the good.The best thing about this game is that the worlds are always going to be different each and every time you play.Permadeath for your clan members make every raid or war your clan is involved in a harrowing but fun experience.The quests that you could not complete in time or chose to ignore could lead to different consequences in your game.4 different ways to win the game.  Such as Military victory (conquer all other clans) or Diplomacy (ally with all of the other clans.Multiplayer co-op!Now for all of the bad....This game still feels like it's in beta.  Nothing feels very balanced.  One moment you're doing fine and the next dungeon level you are chugging health potions after every encounter.Worlds are randomized.  This is a good thing.. until things begin happening in a sector that you haven't discovered yet. This causes a lot of problems since the world revolves around your ""choice"" to stop this event or not and some are timed.  Furthermore every area is connected through a series of places that are either difficult to get through or won't be discovered until you go through A and then beat B and then see area C.Clunky interface for clan management.  Who knows who is getting what when you drop off the items to the clan bank.  Although this is a lot better than going to each one of your clan members individually and dropping items off.  I realize this was the answer to loot recycling besides salvaging but it doesn't feel like it has any real impact in the game when you give your npc clan members items.Clan relations are confusing.  One moment they love you and want to be friends and offer you gifts.  The next they attack your base for almost no reason at all. For instance: I was buddy buddy with the ""heart of gold"" clan until they jumped me after another deceitful clan decided to attack me but lost.  Obviously the reason is because when I fended off the attack (just barely) my power ranking fell and of course the #1 clan (heart of gold) decided to finish me off.https://youtu.be/FbuON_N_2k4Although this game is loads of fun and have tons of potential. This game is still basically in beta and was released too early.  I have faith that this game will be a lot better later on but buyer beware."
76561198045407346,Recommended,408960,18847346,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CodeRen,This game is amazing and I really like it a lot!
,Recommended,408960,19197562,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,[REDi]1R CAPT Owlcoholic [A D],"A truly unique experience! Unless, of course, you have played any pprevious games by this developer, in which case it's a mash up of all the best parts of all their previous games.Although the graphics may not be amazing and some of the sounds areear piercing, I find it easy to overlook this and once I started playing it I couldn't stop!I was planning to play for only an hour before sleeping I wound up finding myself playing at 4:30am and looking forward to 3 hours of sleep before work :PIn other words, the game is so addictive! There's plenty to do and I love that the world seems to be moving and evolving even when you're not around!There's even an element of Shadows of Mordor thrown in, as standard enemies who get kills can be promoted and become more and more elite, until eventually leading an army to attack a clan!In case you're not a zombie fan (I'm definitely sick of zombie games) I barely even notice that they are included. They can infect you but it's just a matter of drinking a potion and it goes away. The fact modding will be heavily supported means I'm sure people could even strip out the whole zombie aspect and just make it a standard fantasy setting!Pros:AddictiveDynamic worldMonsters that get promotedLots of lootStrategy aspects with your villagers, managing food etc.Infinite replayability!Cons:Graphics could be a little less 2000ishSound and music could use an overhaulWho do I reccomend this to?Action RPG fans, roguelike fans and people who enjoy dynaic and procedurally generated worlds.Who do I not reccomend this to?People who only care about graphics and people who need a strict story/guidance in the game."
76561197973236751,Recommended,408960,18960215,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Eolair,"If you like ARPG in the vein of Torchlight or Diablo, you should try it. All Soldak games have a unique and special take of the genre."
,Recommended,408960,25233145,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Wilson [MG],"Ignore the stupid name and dated graphics.  This game may look like a Diablo clone, but it's far from it.  There's a lot going on under the hood to create an interesting background simulation and the procedural worlds mean every session is unique, rather than the same story over and over just with a higher difficulty level.  For those familiar with Soldak games, it's a good mashup of the best features of Din's Curse and Drox Operative."
,Recommended,408960,26056264,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,CYBO,"Great action RPG with in-depth clan system. Difficult to grasp, especially the ""happiness"" system, but once learned it is very fun and satisfying. I enjoy outfintting my clan mates and roaming the landscape or raiding other clans."
,Recommended,408960,28157329,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fion,Addictingly fun and interesting. I love the fact you make and then have your own clan and can bring people into it and as well lose people if you don't take care of things. Kick people out of it you don't like or are causing trouble or bring them along in your own adventures.
,Recommended,408960,25164632,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Monocle,"The game is a bit clunky and the graphics are bad, but it more than makes up for it in content and interesting features. Its like a mix between Diablo, Rim World, and Shadows of Mordor"
76561198051960184,Recommended,408960,22854607,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Petey44,The last few updates have improved on an already great game
,Recommended,408960,25579493,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Run Now,"It's a Soldak game.  An improved next version of Depths of Peril.  The graphics aren't cutting edge, but the graphics are made up for in gameplay, mechanics and replayability.Think multiplayer diablo but with way more options for character customization and different builds to have fun with.  Once you learn the swing of things you start losing sleep."
76561198027292868,Recommended,408960,18493797,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,UlysessTheWanderer,an all around good game and dungeon crawler
,Recommended,408960,25204102,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wyvern of Winter,"Think civilization five but everyone takes their turns at the same time and in real time and there are zombies and a Diabloesque loot system260 or so combinations of classes with the hybrid class, three skill trees per class, like eight base classesNot horribly grindy, but sometimes your xp gain slows down if you stay in a low level zone too long, which is normalLots of fun seeing all the monster multipliers, you have to manage food for you and your clan, you can send them out to gather things and even help them with itMake friends with other clans, create treaties, declare war, spread rumors, raid towns, lead a horde of monsters right into your enemy's faceLots of fun and potential to be found in this great Soldak game, keeps drawing you in even when you think you're about ready to quit and then you see something new and think ""this will be quick"" next thing you know you'll be looking out the window at a sound you think you heard and become blinded as it is eight in the morning and you have work in six hoursOr maybe that was just me10/10 game would call in sick to play video games again"
,Recommended,408960,27802296,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,٩๏̯͡๏)۶  grebfin,"Better then dins curse, not as fun as Drox OP, but I don't mind it, better then most of the other crap large teams are putting out on the gameplay."
76561198022637370,Recommended,408960,28326267,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,mdfred,"This game I feel is an undiscovered diamond in the rough.   It is a lot of fun, with lots of character ability customizations.  I would definately buy an expansion or newer similar game!"
,Recommended,408960,25318597,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,acidrom86,"Great Game - I have one major issue-Insanity... I would make a recommendation when a party member dies it doesnt cause a crazy chain reaction of your entire clan dying.  People weep and mourn a dead friend , but they don't KILL OTHER PEOPLE INSTANTLY lol...- Food , tone this down a little or make it such that the ""Farmers"" produce it more.- Combat - only real problem i have with this is the animations for 2 handed weapons , this could be improved.There are some other things but very minor , overall a great game!"
76561198083585135,Recommended,408960,25177290,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jabba the Hutt,"This game has all best features from previous SOLDAK games like Depth of Peril and Dins, it is not expensive, has lots of content and replayability potential. Plus it is very addictive."
,Recommended,408960,25256278,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,McFoul,"Another awesome Soldak game. Zombasite is best described as Diablo 2 meets civilisation. Fans of procedurally generated RPG's, loot farming, town/npc management etc will probably enjoy this game, but Soldak games are not for everyone, be sure to try the demo first."
76561197996867611,Recommended,408960,30817339,Posted: 29 March,all,BedWetter,I've put countless hours into Soldak games.Zombasite is an iterative improvement in the series.I don't love the zombie mechanic but it can be turned off in settings.I wish it saved on the steam cloud.
76561198041681531,Recommended,408960,25313825,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Berserk64,"I have been looking for a game to scratch that aarpg itch, and this is it.Oh boy is this game addictive. the emergent gameplay is unpredictible and inspires many playthroughs.This game needs more attention, it has amazing potential.You can expect to get many dozens of hours of fun from this, worth every cent."
,Recommended,408960,27846826,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dim-Steelers,"They took everything that was awesome in their previous games (Depth of Peril, Din's Curse, Drox Operative) to make the ultimate Soldak experience!"
,Not Recommended,408960,22143574,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Traslogan,"I was a great fan of Depths of Peril. It aged horrendously but in terms of game mechanics it was pretty nice and uncommon.Zombasite is by the same guys, Soldak, and it reuses *a lot* of assets from that game, some have been improved but are still generally the same assets.Unfortunately it feels like the game is still using that seriously dated engine this dev team used years and years ago and it's starting to show with *extremely* oversized UI and at times simplistic gameplay.The performance is kind of strange as well. I never once dip under 60FPS regardless of the settings I use at 1080p (I avoided going 1440 / 2160p), however a GTX 980Ti (Boosted Gigabyte edition) has to actually get rid of more heat on this game than on graphically-intricate games like Anno 2205. I'd put it down to early-access but I actually think it's just their severely dated engine.I'd love to give this a good review, but I think Soldak has shot themselves in the foot by using some really dated mechanics and then just pulling old content across the board.Maybe a 5.5/10?"
76561198031396231,Not Recommended,408960,25189751,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Nalidus,"This game has promise but many, many problems when it comes to balance, bugs, and mechanics.1.  Balance is extremely bad.  I started on Soldak games with Din's Curse.  I enjoyed that game, but it was very unbalanced.  However, the rest of the game was enjoyable enough that the balance issues could be overlooked.  Not with Zombasite.  It's in a worse spot than Din's Curse ever could be when it comes to balance.  Start a new game, meet a faction right from the start, one minute later the faction declares war upon your faction with 3x the number of members and each member 2 to 5 levels higher than you.  And, the attackers want so much more money than you could ever afford to make them not attack you.  Completely unwinnable.  And, that is one of the lesser balance issues that I've come across.2.  Happiness and Insanity of the faction members are completely borked.  Sometimes, they go up overtime naturally.  Othertimes, even with 50+ food, no missions, and all members on R&R (rest and relaxation:  supposed to lower insanity and increase happiness), and no negative conversation traits amongst the members the members' happiness will drop like a rock and insanity sky rocket.  I view this as a bug that desperately needs to be fixed.3.  Zombie mechanics are more of an annoyance than actually interesting.  In fact, it's more enjoyable to turn them off at the start of the game.  However, the balance issues just destroys the enjoyability of this game.No, until these issues are fixed (well, mainly the balance issues) I cannot recommend the purchase of this game.  If they are fixed, then I might change my review.EDIT:  To add to issue #1 (Balance issues), I just experienced another doozy.  Started a new character and ran right outside the town to rescue a person just outside my town.  Yet, when I do so, the person turns into a level 12 boss mob and kills me in 2 shots.  The lead dev should be ashamed for such terrible balancing.  Broke as Hell mechanics."
76561197994993426,Recommended,408960,25258976,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Negroman X,"Another really fun, unique ARP offering from soldak.  This time it's with fantasy zombies. Normally zombies are boring AF, but the fantasy element renders the zombie survial slant quite novel. If you don't know their M.O. at this point here's the elevator pitch:Want to play an ARP 4x game where you influence a dynamic world while killing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of stuff and obsessing over loot? Play [insert Soldak game here]."
76561198014043568,Not Recommended,408960,21272641,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lwood262,"Tried to play multiplayer with a friend, but niether Direct Connecting via LAN nor the ""internet servers"" that Soldak provide would work for us. This game is worthless to me without working Multiplayer so I requested a refund, which is a shame cause I wanted to learn what this game was all about, but I'm not going to buy a game that falsly advertises features that don't work."
76561197987643506,Recommended,408960,24324824,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Buddha Style,This Action-RPG is really good. It is kinda like Diablo but with a lot of new and fresh ideas to keep you entertained!
76561198322318023,Not Recommended,408960,25600037,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mighty,"This game is confusing (not the intruiging type of confusing)It's overall boring.If you are looking for an ARPG diablo style game, this is not it.It's just weird and not a good weird.The graphics are bad, the textures are bland. The combat is choppy and sluggish and hitting an enemy doesn't feel exiting enough. The introduction to the game is terrible, instead of visually walking you through what the game is about, your screen gets overloaded with 100000 tips. You spend the first hour reading before you can actually play properly.But the biggest sin of this game is the TERRIBLE Map and UI. The UI layout is not detailed enough, neither are the NPC's and Vendors, and if you had to use this game's map to find water in a dessert....your effed.Enemies attack your base from god knows where and all you get for notification of this is a tiny red flash around your screen which is barely visable. You can only teleport back to your base once per area, so if it gets attacked again your either effed, or have to run in game for 10 minutes to get back there.Once your inside your base it will take you another 5 minutes to find whos attacking your base, and where from because the Map does ♥♥♥♥ all to tell you."
,Not Recommended,408960,25195596,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Choppywee,"I hate to say it but this game is nothing new. This company is like the COD franchise it seems but with exponentially less success.Poor optimisation, graphics are still garbage. Same skill tree recycled from their past games.This is a game you should buy at walmart in the .99 cents bin.The game is a filler for the vastly populated genre of AARPGS and feels pointless.Many of the systems within the game feel stupid, and jaggedly meshed.I have tried to like this game, but buy drox instead if you looking for something similar but vastly better. Or save up 10 more bucks and buy Grim Dawn.I have really tried to like this game, but I just don't. I wish this could be returned."
,Recommended,408960,18565814,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Megaflux,"high hopes at this point, nothing more."
,Not Recommended,408960,32026630,Posted: 28 May,all,Maslow,"balance issues everywhere. random bouts of 2 monster modifiers multiplying together to make things way too strong. start a game, everything is fine in a starter world with pace set to slow. you reach level 10, and suddenly there are monsters below your level that can kill you and your 2 equal level npcs with no problem. armor broken, low on supplies, low on food. abandon world because you are now a full level of xp in debt. start new world (low stress option selected), 2 levels below you. monters outside the gate kill you with no problem. get back up, manage to kill 1, the other chases you into your town, and kills you while the guards try to help but can't fight it either."
,Not Recommended,408960,26448776,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,vvrockerdox,Lots of potential but comes off as a pathway to Drakensang-ish ... could swear some of the audio is from Drakensang microtransaction madness....
,Not Recommended,408960,25110936,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Disabled War Vet-(Mars One),Game does not work stuck at the loading screen. Steam over lay does not work with this game as well. Icons are super small.
76561198018902841,Recommended,408960,23424033,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Excellion,"TL;DR: If you have never played a Soldak game before go and try the demo - what the game lacks in the graphics department is easily compensated by its excellent dynamic world and character class system. If you played both Din's Curse and Depths of Peril on the other hand you may find too little new content or gameplay to consider Zombasite a revolution of the genre. That said, it it definately an improvement over the previous installmentsAfter playing Zombasite for about 15 hours the foremost question in my mind is probably ""Should one rate a game based on its own merits, or should previous games in the same series be taken into account when rating a new game?"".Zombasite is by no means a bad game, quite the contrary actually. The game is best described a mix of all previous Soldak games as it cherry picks the best aspects from each previous game and mashes them into a new game. It incorporates the concept of warring factions that was present in Depths of Peril. This system is in turn mixed with Din's Curse's character creation system where one could mix two character classes and turn them into a hybrid, which made for some very interesting character builds. To top it off there is the ever present dynamic evolving quest and world system that is present in all games in the series, and it is as good as ever. On its own, Zombasite is a very well executed game. If this had been the first game from Soldak - or at least the first one i played - I'd be singing its praise all throughout this review.However, this isn't the first Soldak game i played. Excluding Kivi's Underworld i bought every game and expansion pack trough the developers website, and played them rather extensively. Each game had its own merits and added something new to the formula:-Depths of Peril: The first game. Interesting take on RPG gaming with multiple factions warring for dominance on the same map. Very basic character design, but the party system and dynamic quests make it an interesting, if somewhat unusual game.-Din's Curse: The second game. No more warring factions, and essentially the same game world to play in. However,  the game has a vast array of new character classes which could be mixed and allowed for some rather interesting character builds. The dynamic quest system was still present but felt more fleshed out, so there was enough fun to go around. All in all a very good improvement over the first one.-Drox Operative: The third game and my absolute favorite. The previous games were set on the same game world, which we now exchange for a space based game. The character classes are swapped out for a spaceship which could be evolved and customized trough components. The clan system from Depths of Peril was reintroduced, yet a very interesting twist of being essentially an outsider to the warring factions. The dynamic quest system worked wonders here as you were essentially trying to make a race or other races (""clans"") win the game.The fourth game, Zombasite, drops us back in the same world as Depths of Peril and Din's Curse. It has the same enemies as the first two games, the same terrain and most damning, pretty much the exactly the same character creation system that was present in Din's Curse. Due to the last remark i have pretty much been playing the exact same characters i played earlier in Din's Curse. Not because the class system doesn't allow for variety, but because i loved experimenting in Din's and have now been given virtually the same toolset to play with. The game is not entirely without new additions to play with - mostly the town system and the survivors - but it is by comparison just a minor new feature. Its a shame really - a redesign of the character classes (perhaps some mixture of ""modern"" characters mixed with the games ""fantasy"" classes would already have bought the game a lot of extra longevity in my eyes.If you never played a Soldak game i recommend to give one of them a go. If you like fantasy RPG titles go for Zombasite, otherwise go Drox Operative if you like space based games. If you played Din's Curse or Depths of Peril you may be in for a letdown in case you expected anything new and fresh like the previous games offered."
76561198000250399,Recommended,408960,25659852,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Zev,This is a really awesome game that you have probably never heard of.      One of the best $20 games I have ever played.
76561198000460766,Recommended,408960,29239247,Posted: 13 January,all,TTV/Xordania,"Needs some sort of base management, otherwise, pretty damn good."
76561198044622701,Recommended,408960,35378961,Posted: 1 October,all,Words And Chaos,"Enter the game with one of the worst titles in the history of gaming at a time when people are inundated with zombie titles. A crying shame because Zombasite is far more than it would appear to be at first glance.Soldak have been creating mechanically deep arpgs for quite some time now, you may know them from Depths of Peril, Din’s Curse, or Drox Operative.  Let me put it this way: back when Torchlight 1 came out, Din’s Curse also emerged. I spent, at most, 8 hours with Torchlight and several hundred with Din’s Curse. It was that compelling.  So why is my playtime of this so low? The thing is that every time I come back to review this, I’m reminded why. Let me simply say this: When most developers tell you they’re giving you a living open world game, they are lying to you. They don’t have the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Soldak have those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.At its heart Zombasite isn’t really a Zombie survival game, it’s a Soldak action RPG with some zombie mechanics worked into it. What you’ve got here is the management of Din’s Curse with the faction wars of Depths of Peril, and the undead add a bit of chaotic flavour into the mix. It’s a concept with a lot of potential. All the mechanics you’d expect from previous titles, with some new mechanics and an expanded world.The art assets really need some work. The texture and shaders seem to be continually updated, good but they still look dated and low res, regardless. The decals for things like patches of fire, poison, and ice just about worked in 2007, why they’re still here in 2017 I don’t know. A lot of the functional combat information is still relayed by scrolling bits of text that spout from the character’s head.The animations need some serious work. Again, I think the animations from Depths of Peril haven’t changed or particularly added to. As a result we still don’t have basic things like a proper set of weapon specific animations – your character more or less still uses a knife they same way they use a claymore. There’s no option for dual wielding, I assume it’s something to do with this. This very aesthetic, so to something more substantial:The animations don’t really sync up with what’s on the screen. Several hits can land in the space of a single attack, there’s no syncing for blocking, dodging, or parrying. The various status affects don’t have adequate visual communication or feedback for the player. If you’re slowed, the animations will simply slow to a crawl. If stunned, your character simply freezes in place.That’s not just a nice visual addition at this point:  It’s more or less crucial to conveying what’s going on because there’s so much happening now.  Scrolling text popups work in a turn based RPG. They do not work in real time. The lack of audio-visual feedback causes the game to feel extremely clunky and unresponsive. The ancient 8-axis movement, the fact that the animations don’t flow or blend together at all, all compound this feeling.Level generation becomes a problem. Running away from enemies, trying to find new areas, you wonder why you can’t just run through that patch of undergrowth or why that waist-high wall buried in a hedge isn’t more clearly defined, or why you can’t simply hop over it. The flat two-dimensional space could really benefit from some verticality. The over abundance of obvious square sections could use a few curves, artificial walls of tree assets feel more at home in the 90s than they do almost two decades into the 21st century.The worlds Soldak puts you in are very much alive. At this point it seems like they should fully take the brakes off the simulation working behind the scenes. It’s where their games really shine.You know how Bethesda always tell you that the radiant AI is going to do some crazy emergent stuff but then they bottle it, ♥♥♥♥♥ out, and just give you a set of dumbed-down decontextualized encounters to break up the monotony between cave #1 and cave #15? You know how you get quest after quest of some urgent magnitude that tell you all this stuff is happening, but it never does and you wander off into a field and pick flowers for six months without a care? Doesn’t happen in Zombasite.If Bob the Lich wants to build an earthquake machine, then Bob the Lich builds the earthquake machine. In the process he allies with Alice the Fishmonger who is at war with Ted the Snakeman. So while you’re searching for Bob’s earthquake machine, you’ll find wars going on between fishmonger’s and Snakemen. They don’t care about you, they’ve got their own things going on. In Zombasite, if Bob the Lich decides he doesn’t like your village, he will attack your village. He’s not going to conveniently wait for you to show up in his cave hideout.More RPGs and more open world games need to be taking their cues from Soldak. Because they’re doing immersion right. It’s not about thousands of static points of interest. It’s not about laboured cliché end-of-the-world plotlines that we’ve all seen a thousand times before. It’s about layers of interacting mechanics being allowed to run the unpredictable results of those interactions when they happen.So why haven’t I put more hours into this? Because Soldak got the balance wrong on this one and they didn’t’ develop enough of the smaller bits of the UI and presentation and game-flow to match the breadth and depth of the mechanics that they’d created. The balance is completely broken. On the basic gameplay front, there is a huge discrepancy between how fast you die and how fast enemies die. The basic mobs soak hits like you’re attacking them with tissue paper. They are incredibly spongy. They will also kill you in a couple of hits.This would be ok if the combat were more skill-based, but it’s not and the aforementioned clunky feeling makes it even more abrasive. The result is that progression become a protracted unfulfilling grind. The exploration goes out the window because the game relies on you being able to tag warp gates to be able to easily access new areas. You can’t get to those areas without running through hordes of enemies that aren’t worth fighting. Repeat ad nauseum. High mortality only works if the enemies also have high mortality. If you can’t kill them roughly as easily as they can kill you, then you just create frustration.And then we’ve got the XP debt mechanic. This mechanic doesn’t work in this game because of all the balance problems levelling is a tedious nightmare.Your XP gain is halved when you’re in XP debt. Through no real fault of my own, I ended up with twenty-thousand points of xp debt just trying to play. At which point I hung up the character and wondered why I wasn’t hanging up the whole game. Zombasite is a loanshark.Zombie games should feel hopeless. Zombasite feels hopeless for all the wrong reasons.With all of that said, I’d recommend Zombasite despite it drawbacks, because it is a shining beacon of what ARPGs could be. It has the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to do what other developers in the genre are flat out scared to do: Let go of the reigns. There are some serious sweeping changes to the balance and underlying numbers that need to be made.It seems like Soldak’s next game is going to have to be a significant step forward from this one. The developers really do put some great mechanical depth into their games, with all the politics and survival and exploration and factions, and AI interactions going on. They are doing something that the games industry should have been taking note of decades ago. Get it on sale. I think Soldak have the idea that they’re still making old-school arpgs with some twists. They’re not. They’re way ahead of the curve. If you want a glimpse of the way out of the mire of drab swill that open world games and rpgs are comfortable in these days, then play this for a few hours."
