user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,409000,25533325,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Cerzel,"In terms of gameplay, the new trap mechanics completely screw up the entire thing as any run is now subject to the mercy of RNG, and it's more dangerous to carry bombs than ever before. The new menu design is significantly worse, with the original game's fast and elegant menu discarded for a largely new one that is slower, requires more steps to do anything, and conveys less information than before.Towns, dungeons, and other locations no longer have their tiles represented on the minimap, and so the only way to find them is by dumb luck or an area map scroll. Balance changes also impact the game, such as Golems formerly being quite slow to make up for their high strength and sudden apperances at potential Goddess statue locations, but now are fast enough to keep pace with an agile character on top of being several tiles big, which allows them to catch up to you as soon as you reveal the fog.Had I played longer, I'm sure I would've only found more things to take issue with.This game is loaded with performance issues, the most significant being regular stuttering with each movement, an issue the devs claim is due to needing to wait for enemies to act with each of your turns and so don't intend to fix, despite that the original game worked the same way and didn't suffer from constant stutter.I was a huge fan of the original game and expansion, but with Spike Chunsoft clearly having no intention to fix the many issues of this version (beyond making sure it actually runs), I can't recommend it to anyone. Old fans should stick with the old game. Anyone interested in checking it out should check out the old game instead.As a final note, I tried dozens of times to post this review, and every time I submitted it nothing would happen. I tried changing it to positive, and it went through instantly, where I could then edit it to be negative. That's one last dodgy interaction with this shoddy game.Edit: Oh, and I totally forgot to mention that the neat online features of the original are now locked behind Twitter integration, and you can't so much as see the window of other players' progress without signing in through Twitter, and also that the translation is a clear ESL job with awkward wording, mistranslations, and basic grammatical errors."
76561198068182443,Not Recommended,409000,25540720,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ranger,"TLDR: First to the series? Play the original One Way Heroics and One Way Heroics + instead. It's better.Already done that and want more One Way Heroics experience? Try this. It has:+More content (Items, Equipments, Classes, Quests, etc)+Multiplayer(TIP: You can skip in-game dialouge texts by holding down the X button)But with many cons might turn you off from liking this game:-30 fps lock-Hit or miss music (Especially the title screen, end of a campaign,and the moment you enter the Dimensional Passageway/Corridor of Dreams.)-Forced twitter integration to see other player messages/spirits, whereas in OWH and OWH+ you can see other people's messages and spirits even without twitter integration-Auto dimensional/dream vault save even if you fail in your quest and don't open the vault-Limited UI information. The UI can only show stats to 999, which means if you have late game equipments, especially holy weapons, you will have no idea how much damage you'll deal to your enemies until you attack the enemy.(You can easily have 5000+ in attack/force stats at late game, which is neccesary to defeat the final boss) Some of item's description also less informative too, like how in OWH+ the UI exactly tells you that Cursed Bone will make the target receive 1.5x damage, but in MC:OWH, it only says that it lower defense without giving you any way to know how much damage amplification the item inflict to the target.-3 save slot limit, including replays.-No exit game button (Seriously, I know this is a port, but can't they really bothered to make a simple exit game button for the PC version? User interface 101 fail).Edit: You can see stat effects on status in the pause menu.  There's still the removal of the dragon clock,which means you can't keep track Zeukrees's health when fighting itbut it's not a really big change so I'm removing the less informative UI part of the review. Addendum: Restoring the less informative after I notice the new UI can't show stat numbers beyond 999.Edit 2:I've also noticed your companion's dialouge doesn't change when you enter the Corridor of Dreams, compared to OWH+ companion's comments when you enter Dimensional Passageway, how strange the place is, etc. The fallen angel also give the same dialouge when you entered Corridor of Dreams even that she can't no longer chases you when you entered the place, compared to the Demon Lord's surprise when you entered the Dimensional Passageway. Small thing, but it's kind of sad that the small interaction doesn't there in MC: OWH."
,Not Recommended,409000,25527479,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Yabadabadooo,"Well I loved the original game... and I love this game.... but to be honest there's so much imbalancing in this game that you might not notice if you are new but from someone who has spent over 300 combined hours on the entire OWH series I can tell you, they are pretty bad.There's a lot to complain about and a lot to like but for the most part I know they will never fix it right because chunsoft has their own ""unique"" idea of what should be in this game....from an experienced OWH player I'd give this a 6/10,sorry but I cannot recommend a remake that has more bugs / balancing issues than the original.also it costs almost twice as much as the original for twice the broken content"
,Not Recommended,409000,32793811,Posted: 25 June,all,Vospi,"If you're a fan of One Way Heroics Plus, maybe you shouldn't play this.Maybe devs thought that if they ""level up everything"" they would get a better game. This is a terrible approach.---Positive experiences:• waiting for a an exciting development of an old title, maybe looking for RPG stories generated as worlds were generated before: you gotta say, the ads looked promising.• they've added a tutorial, maybe that's a good thing.Negative experiences:• Game won't launch for me at first. Devs responded with something like ""please wait for a solution"" and disappeared for weeks (posted both a forum post and a support ticket). The solution, however, somehow lied in reinstalling DirectX and VC. Okay, so Watch Dogs and Borderlands and any other game in my collection would run for me, but this one won't.• 30fps. Well, this is annoying.Everything feels jerky. Not talking about animation per se: map movement, effects, everything feels like I'm playing an old emulator on a bad machine. After a gorgeous intro movie+song that apparently ate a good chunk of a budget, you're thrown into a world of jerkiness. Forum came up with a theory that that is a side effect of enemies moving, but come on. RIght from the starting menu, where, hey, you don't have any characters at all. After a massive rant from fans development team said that they had no plans to rehaul the game for more fps.Just on a side note, an original game felt smooth as silk. ""One Way Heroics"", you totally should try it.• Sound.They've switched a (gloriously!!) 16-bit-styled music as one you could hear in SNES FF series... for bland orchestral tunes that would fit just about any rpg-ish japanese experience. Sound effects are okay though not styled as well, and... voice acting. Why would you add it in a first place, just to put a tick in the box? Okay, maybe the acting itself is not as bad, but planning of it as an element of the game is HORRIBLE. You've got monotonous repeats, you've got inadequately sharp frequency balance (on everything, by the way), you've got one male actor speaking for the King and oohing and aahing for soldiers that are standing right next to him... I just loved the subtelty and care that went into sound of original OWH, and it was obivous to me as a professional sound producer that _noone_ really tried to plot this all together in a coherent mix and style this time.• Graphics.1) In static, it looks okay.2) In motion, it looks jerky and unappealing. Movement just gets me tired.3) Compared to the original, it's feels like ""high-resolution, color-rich"" mess. Colors are all over the place, lots of them. Tiles are meh. Sprites are obviously redrawn from original ones and are not really an improvement. The UI is reorganised a bit better, but now as it moves with a huge frameskip, I get dizzy and I have a feeling that I don't see as much as I did in original series, which is annoying as well. Probably that's not just a feeling because all tiles are bigger now.• But maybe all these aesthetic downside are compensated with something?Maybe it all was worth it in the end?No! The game stands where it was and sometimes even jumps back!It's the same mechanic of running to the right on a generated world, same terrain, same weapons, but now... now it all looks out of style, now you can run into an empty city from a very beginning (and it just stands there doing nothing), now auto-targeting is mapped to a key by default, now this fairy person is chatting with you every now and then to imitate ""a plot"", and there's hidden traps... This all feels broken. It just doesn't work together now.Almost everything is renamed, darkness is turned into light, like this helps something.And I just wonder, why one would even decide to do something like that? Someone honestly've thought that an original game was inferior due to... lack of voice acting? Too much frames per second? No bonuses for twitter posts? Or you just thought of a money grab by issuing the game for Playstation and whatnot? Okay.I don't like the tiring and tasteless experience this version brought over brilliant and simple mechanics of an original.Thank you for reading."
76561198038478606,Not Recommended,409000,25606834,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ShootTheEditor,"Note: As of now, I have 136 hours logged into the original OWH/OWH+. Steam will say otherwise and the rest is me passed out at my computer on the main menu. This is also written up as of version 1.00.02tl;dr: As others before me have said, just get the original and Plus edition, especially if you're new to One Way Heroics and you even pay slightly less if you don't own them. If you want this one, then get it when it's on sale and is worth less than 7USD. As of the time of this review, this game is not worth the full price. And don't just buy it because Shiren the Wanderer or Makoto/Komaru is in it.Since I'm just going to do a Pros/Cons list, some of you guys reading this probably already heard about most of these things already. Also note that I'm still in the middle of my journey to unlock everything and beat the game on hard without using my vault with every class in order.Pros:+Lots of classes+More items to mess around with+A few more enemies to work around+A good number of companions+VS mode is hilarious when you're fighting friends+It's mildly amusing to play as Makoto Naegi from Danganronpa or his sister and shoot people with literal Truth Bullets.Cons:-The game stutters due to ""processing every turn"". You know, despite an indie dev not having that problem with the same process.-Is it just me or do allies have horrible growths? By that I mean HP growths. In the original, they easily outscaled the PC's HP and in some cases damage, but now you can be 500km into a companion world and they can get 1-shot like it's nobody's business.-Your ""Starter"" companions are destined to be weak, one of them can potentially get you killed, and they're only there for their combo attack if you go through all their dialogue and wanted to get their ending instead of another ally's ending.Opinionated things that can be seen as Cons:-The art may look nicer, but man, I liked having a unique spite/art for my Type C options rather than recolors of your comanions for some of them. I didn't feel like being Player 2.-There's no ""Clock"" to give you a rough estimate of when things like mini-bosses would spawn and the Demon Lord/Alma would spawn. Preparing for the worst is literally ""hoping you picked up the right stuff or else you're burning an Awaken."" Or you're playing an Agility class and out-speed everything.-Map is less detailed. It shows you mountains, forests, and bodies of water. No more identifying where towns/dungeons could be without an Area Map. But then again, towns seem so very rare even if I'm exploring the map vertically that it might not even matter.-Traps are more of an annoyance if anything when the player steps on them. Especially when I have the bad idea to carry 5 Elzite bombs and happen to step on a trap that ignites all of them. Or I'm weakened for a good amount of turns and can't deal damage. Or I'm being double attacked to hell and back for a good amount of turns. Or my weapon is turned rusty. Or I step on a hunger trap after I just ate a Nayuta. Or I step on a fire trap and die because it burned my healing herbs, dealt 40 damage on activation, and deals 30 damage per turn for each step I take.-Some of your companions are literally worthless is some cases which they'll serve the purpose of meat shield and maybe a little something more. Because they don't attack. Like for example, if you're playing as a magic class that needs energy to cast magic, maybe you should consider not recruiting the bard that heals stamina.Closing Statement:If you played the original, I'd say wait for the game to be cheaper if you planned on picking this up. It just feels very lazily made game. If you're new to the series, I highly recommend playing the original/plus edition first."
,Not Recommended,409000,25832506,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Striketii,"So lemme make this clear, I've played OWH and OWH+ a good deal, and I bought the game expecting something akin to a remaster, or well, a remix even if you can call it that. And I REALLY wanted to like the game too, trust me I TRIED.But I cannot do it, it's just... it's just a myriad of unsightly problems and technical issues, as well as gameplay changes that just makes this one in particular so unpleasant to play.From small things like having bad control layouts for the PC release, to very essential things like the map showing enough of the terrain and the clock not there AT ALL to tell you when to fight the Fallen Angel, as well as making spending Levels... really really hard other than to just save. It's a mouthful and I'm not sure if I'm willing to put up with it.It's still not a BAD game by any means... it's just... not as good or polished gameplay-wise as the original were, thus why I can't recommend it.Honestly if you're wondering if this is a good place to start with the series, I'd rather suggest you to buy OWH+, it's cheaper and more fleshed out anyways."
,Not Recommended,409000,27998392,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Conkerman,"This game.....This game here....The original One Way Heroics was my jam. During a time when my apartment had no internet I dug through my library and decided to give that game a play. I was hooked. It was the roguelike of amazingness that I was looking for. I lost myself for days in it's deep system of management and survival. To say I wanted a sequel was an understatement.One Way Heroics + then game and improved everything. It was magic. I can't recommend it enough.Then this thing was announced, and it was being handled by one of my favorite roguelikes companies, Spike Chunsoft. What did they do though? Not much. There are a few changes here and there and some new classes and a new area biome, but that's really about it. The graphics look prettier, but at what cost? I have 12 gigs of ram, a 3.2ghz processor, and an NVidia GTX 860m, and this game, when ran in big picture mode with a controller (of which isn't officially supported yet) starts to heat up my computer and eventually cause slowdown and lag. This is unacceptable. I can run Metal Gear Solid 5 on max setting and not have even a hint of slowdown. Some people complain about there being framerate issues, but that's not true, the game is meant to be played at a stutter because once you move, everything else then takes their turn.With that said though, this game is fun. It's just not a good upgrade from the original. There's just not that much in the form of new content.Another thing that should be mentioned is the trap mechanics. They're horrible. You can't see traps unless you swing a weapon at each tile before walking on it or have a class specifically geared toward finding traps. These traps, when stepped on can really ruin your day too and are basically stupidly unfair.Edit: 12-12-2016It seems the trap mechanics were patched yesterday. In the best way too, but adding an option to make them appear! So, keep playing with them invisible, or have them visible, the choice is up to you! A very welcome update. Now, as most comments still mention, if only we can get the slowdowns fixed.Really, for the most amount of fun, just get the original and it's expansion."
76561198046646468,Not Recommended,409000,26136008,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Talow,"Trust me when I say this: If you really want to play One Way Heroics, I highly recommend just getting OWH+ instead of Mystery Chronicle.Mostly because of the lack of keyboard shortcut, Ability to mess with the options outside of in the middle of the game, and inability to close it without Alt F4."
,Recommended,409000,25504875,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,mihm,"Written at 11hrs gameplay, v.1.0.0Note: I'm a big fan of OWH+. While I have gripes with the game, it is still very One Way Heroics-y. I'm bias.GOODMore content (characters, biomes, items, etc.)Priest class is my new fav. Wanderer Class is good. Half-Beast (play as Dosey). Haven't tried them all yetSame great gameplayImproved graphicsMore character art if thats your thingReplays look even better now (but see BAD section also)Voice acting (Partially complete English/Seemingly complete Japanese, easy to switch/turn off)Play against other heroes--a kind of race mode thats actually pretty funBADMusic a massive downgradeMostly annoying character dialogue (thanks to your new fairy. its a lot more ""in-your-face anime-ecchi-ish,"" idk how to describe it)they ruined doseyNo ""Hold V to skip"" dialogue sequences (spam action key instead)Speaking of V, the dash is clunky. Sometimes it works fine, others it doesnt, and i don't know why.Only 3 save files??? Likewise there are only 3 replay save files??? (OWH+ had over 25, idk, i never hit the limit. the replay save limit is more annoying, i enjoy looking back)Traps - completely invisible things on the ground that you/enemies will randomly walk over. I don't get why they're completely invisible and you don't seem to be able to increase detection in anyway (or detect at all apart from blindly swinging after every step if you're low hp).Limited resolution options. Either really small, or 1920x1080.Have to change display to windowed and back to full screen to remove a white bar across bottom of screen blocking location info (bug that should be fixed soon hopefully)Framerate lock 30fpsFramerate issues (bug that should be fixed soon hopefully)Can't remap minor keys (e.g. forced to use ""O"" to buy/sell/trade)SLIGHT ANNOYANCESOpening inventory always defaults to top item i.e. it has no selection memory (for example, you have 4x dried herbs you wanna quickly use up; open inventory, scroll down to dried herb, USE, it force closes inventory, you open it back up, you gotta scroll all the way back down)You can only set shortcuts to use/equip (not throw). I like keeping stacks of wooden arrows to throw at fleeing enemies, be nice to be able to set the shortcut to throw.NEUTRALStart New Game menu changes (good overall imo, but nothing too noteworthy)Can spend Hero Points outside of post-game screen (slight ease-of-use change)Less steam achievements, if thats your thing (and uglier looking achievement icons imo)Can no longer repair equipment in Dimension(Dream) Vault with Hero Points (whatever they're called now). More annoying than anything--can still repair good stuff, but you'll have to carry your heavy almost broken weapon around and find a repairer/scroll in-game instead of spending a couple hundred points in post-game screen. Note: This is only to my knowledge. It may be able to be unlocked later, not sure.OVERALLThe gameplay is still solid (excusing framerate issues ofc), and there appears to be enough extra content to warrant the $8 (if you own OWH). I still have a lot of fun, and it still has a lot of (if not more) replayability. So I recommend it to people that enjoyed SmokingWolf's original and want more.If you have never played OWH, I can't really recommend one over the other yet. I'm leaning toward OWH and Plus, and, framerate issues aside, the music is what is tipping me.(I wrote the below text a few hours into game before i did the above pro/cons, but i'll keep it here for those interested)the main bits that made me LIKE One Way Heroics (especially Plus) are still there: high replay value turn-based-action combat rpg with fun itemisation and good (now improved) graphics--except now there's even more content: new classes, biomes, enemies, items, etc. so, if you liked the gameplay of OWH, but want more (assuming you also played the Plus DLC), this is worth the $8.09 it currently is.now, the parts that made me LOVE One Way Heroics, this game is missing. the biggest downfall is the music. it is extremely boring and has almost zero charm. then theres simple things like holding V to auto-skip text. and a lot of the dialogue in game is awfully annoying. the game has upped the anti of, idk how to put it... ecchi-anime-ness(?). your fairy makes random sex jokes and innuendos constantly(until she meets Merril, an ally npc that is openly bi, and then the fairy gets disgusted by mention of sex).basically, they got iris, stripped her of her redeeming qualities, added a bunch of in-your-face out-of-place sex obsession, and thats your new journeying partner."
,Not Recommended,409000,25833739,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Papa Zeed,"Not saying the game is extremely bad, but you are free to play if you enjoy RNG and good Art.I like to say RNG in general is an element that makes a game fun, but only if done right. Too much RNG in a solo game just kills it entirely.Having played both OWH and OWH+, I feel that MC:OWH really took a step up on the art, and I do appreciate the voice acting as well. However, MC:OWH doesn't really feel like a 1.0 release, it's akin to a beta release, with alot of balancing and bugfixing that requires attention.Traps and some items require A LOT of careful gameplay, as you can just get one-shotted by just about anything that hits you with fire if you have explosive items on you, especially if you're new to OWH. A friend tried a few runs and causes of death were about 1/3 from explosions. Up till now I just dispose every explosive items unless I'm about to fight Alma.Still unsure about the map generation, but depending on your luck, you'll probably have to go a full area while avoiding enemies due to their base stats and various 'something bad' events. Skeletons that spawn due to these events tend to have slightly more MOV than you, which can make you take 80 damage in a turn while just chipping at his health. The strength of the enemies in the dungeons give too much of a damage spike as you progress, it doesn't match the distance travelled. Golem enemies also have their MOV increased, which makes players unable to excape most of the time without invoking Awakening.The game does have performance issues, such as instantaneous-like movement 60% of the time when you dash, it isn't too annoying but it needs to be brought up. The FPS cap is alright for me, but it could be better.The twitter thing is pretty neat, as I do use it quite abit. But it being mandatory for viewing other players' progress is quite a turn off. Sure the devs want to show like ""this guy with this twitter handle did this"", but the twitter name could be removed and if they really want to replace it, just use the Steam name or something.Key mapping is slightly awkward, but it is alright for me. the very stray 'O' to confirm purchase/trading seems like the devs want to avoid accidental purchases, but that could be remedied with a 'Are your sure'-like screen, which they already have.The new UI is quite refreshing, it feels quite sleek in the menus, but I honestly prefer the ease of navigation in the old games.I hope Spike Chunsoft will bring more balance patches to make this game more approachable to people just joining OWH.This game has great art to bait people into buying it, but when they actually get into the game, they'll just be frustrated unnecessarily.*Will edit this as I gain more hours in the game."
,Not Recommended,409000,32766106,Posted: 25 June,all,kesadisan,"This console remake is really polished yet the PC version suffers from many problem including resolution limit, fullscreen glitch, stuttering frame rate (it doesn't even run in 30fps).The original works better, and if you believe you could whitstand this game bugs, it's a pretty good remake."
76561198020573470,Not Recommended,409000,28071990,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,streetg850,"Lets start by saying, traps are the stupidest RNG based pieces of crap this game could have made. I just lost a double quest run, after hours of work, because of a trap right after healing.  I loved one way heroics plus and put many enjoyable hours into getting the achievements and just running it for distance. How can a sequel do some many things backwards.-ProsLooks nicer than heroics plus, has a neat anime theme.new charactersnew storiesnew conceptsThats all they did right was add a new polish with a few glossy new concepts, but messed up everything else.-constrapsevery 200 km it literally takes 5-10 secs to load the next 200 km, in heroics plus it was literally a stutter step, maybe, to load the new areas, this game on a high end computer still takes to much time to load.unskippable dialog every single run. Hold B on controler or X (don't use keyboard) to speed it up.trapsCan no longer tell if a town or dungeon is up ahead, which makes longer journeys tougher.really feels like there are less item drops throughout each run.trapsalmost every improvement they made, feels like it went in the wrong way.I really want to recommend this game, because I am a huge fan of the series, but just like 90 percent of the rest of the reviews said, just go play heroics plus.(developers if your fan base is making these statements than you should probably look into why they are making them, we love the series, please fix this game.)"
,Recommended,409000,25487488,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Chooj,"Very enjoyable so far. Thrives on huge amounts of replay value and improves upon the original One Way Heroics. There's a surprising amount of content here for the asking price, so definitely give this a try if you're a fan of roguelikes, the Mystery Dungeon series or just games with lots of replay value.Among my minor gripes, one that stands out is the framerate which appears to be locked at 30FPS. This is especially noticeable in this game because of the entire concept of the camera forcibly moving to the right. Although this is only something that bothers me a ""moderate"" amount, I know that this can make a game unplayable for some. Make sure you take that into consideration before purchasing this game.Also, I think the tutorial could have been a little clearer; I only knew some of the mechanics thanks to my experience with the original game. But once you get to grips with all the gameplay elements, it's great fun!"
,Not Recommended,409000,31331482,Posted: 23 April,all,aKaiです,"I do not recommend this game.What is wrong with it? I bought it, expecting a some kind of a sequel to One Way Heroics, also a classic jrpg-style side-scrolling roguelike, which I definetely can recommend. In theory, it is a pretty good sequel, there is so much content and the gameplay elements are mostly in their place too. I, sadly, am not able to enjoy this product in the state it is now.It is a handheld console port, and it feels like one. I don't know how it looks like on PS4, but I'll roll with that. The main culprit here is the FPS-lock at the classic 30 frames.""Did he say 30FPS? That's fine, you wuss!"" - I can see that, I do play console myself and am fine with 30FPS most of the time. Here, however, you only see the peak performance of 30FPS when standing still. Yes, standing still. This game is about walking though. We have a problem.Duringeach step, the game calculates npc movement, events and world generation, instead of doing all these seamlessly in the background, like it's predecessor did. Additionally, these calculations are tied to the in-game frames, meaning if the engine didn't finish calculating, it will halt the output frames until it's finished. Simply put, new step - new lag.""Calculating a step in this game makes you lag?! Just buy a new computer, chump!"" - I don't think that's the problem here. I have a GTX970, a nicely OC-ed 4690K @4,6 GHZ and a SSD. For not that tech-savy folks, a PC that costs about 800$ if you build it yourself, about 1k$ in stores, end 2016. I suspect that the game's misbehavior is caused just by poor code-design, the FPS lock just aggravates this issue.In response to the PC-community expressing their disapproval of this issue being part of the game, Spike Chunsoft said they were aware of it, but do not plan on changing this in the near future, which means probably never when speaking of a relatively small title like this one. I refunded this product, as my only hope in keeping it would be hoping for them fixing it.I was pretty hyped about this title, which just lead to bigger disappointment. If you are a hardcore fan, you will play it either way, wihout even consulting the reviews, meaning you are not one of them.If you're looking for insight about the actual gameplay despite the performance issues, scroll down."
,Recommended,409000,25578683,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"How do I explain this?Mystery Chronicle: One Way Heroicsis toOne Way Heroics+, just asRebirthwas to the originalBinding of Isaac.At least thats how I see it. This title is a revamp, or an overhaul.Is it a good one? Well, that's tricky, because while the updated artwork and sounds are a welcome addition, the performance is not great.And I mean it's not a demanding program - or at least it shouldn't be.Other than that, while I am no veteran to the original, I think this one plays well. Some of the nuanced differences that I've read other players complain about didn't bother me, but then again I did not experience everything in the first one (or this one).The only other complaint I have is the controller setup is kind of dumb. Yeah, I heard the argument that this is how classic Japanese games set up their controls, but I still think it is inefficient. End of rant.For those unfamiliar,One Way Heroicsoffers a really fresh take on the roguelike genre. It has this awesome mechanic where you have to constantly move to the right side of the screen, traveling across the land. It is very interesting, and works really well.If you are on the fence and don't ownOWH+, I'd just get that."
,Not Recommended,409000,25499287,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Klokinator,"This game crashed for me continuously, on the title screen, 5 seconds into the intro mission, 30 seconds into the intro mission, and on the title screen again.Additionally, there is a hard 30 FPS lock and it makes the game nauseating to play.As a massive fan of OWH and OWH+, I will still give this game a chance if patches in the future fix these issues, so if that ever happens the developer or someone else can post here and let me know so I can change my review to positive. But for now, I've refunded it."
,Not Recommended,409000,25526319,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dr.Prinny,"Just beat the final bossPluton, my feeling for this game is mixed, and it definitely doesn't deserve a positive..Pros:-Good BGM-Plot-ZenuraCons:-30 fps lock? Seriously?-Poor shortcut key selection, this one definitely feels like a port.-Confirm with O key? This feels utterly ridiculous, where's the control from original OWH?-Opening song is horrible.-Condition display on the right hand side, this is some terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥ Things like [Food Poisoning Lv...], WHY would anyone think it's a good idea to not showing that?-So now I have to press a key to show what effect my equipment have, just wonderful.-Three final bosses feels extremely nostalgic:-Vow of purity/Buddy tablet-Holy weapon to the left-Collecting stuff to open portalMixed:-Ultimate Student, I don't know what I should feel about them promoting their own games....-Inconsistent art style, come on, feels like some cheap card game already."
,Recommended,409000,25533850,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Silva,"Edit: As of 12-11-2016, the game was patched, providing a setting to make traps always visible. This removes one of my main complaints with the game entirely, and makes it easier to recommend.Mystery Chronicle: One Way Heroics is a remake of the Japanese indie game, One Way Heroics, including content from its expansion One Way Heroics Plus. The original game and its expansion were well regarded for large class variety, high replay value, and being RELATIVELY ""fair"" as far as roguelikes go. The graphics and character art of the original were relatively amateurish, but had their own charm. So how does Mystery Chronicle stack up to its legacy?Generally well, but with some caveats.If you are completely unfamiliar with One Way Heroics, this is the simplest description I can manage: imagine playing a somewhat difficult, old-school JRPG with a variety of tightly interwoven mechanics. Now imagine that every ""turn"" is precious, and that idleness is swiftly punished, sometimes fatally. The ""Shine Raid"", a wall of light that turns all in its path to ash, cannot be escaped. It will follow you, an eternal harbinger of death that simultaneously punishes idleness while rewarding careful attention to the world map and being as efficient and economical in your actions as you can. That is One Way Heroics.The Good:The graphics and character art have been redesigned from the ground up to a professional level.The replay value and character class variety of the original game and its expansion is retained, and in some ways improved: there are classes in Mystery Chronicle that did not exist in either Heroics or Plus.The new classes, weapons, items, and character companions ensure that the game is more than a retread of its origins.A variety of campaigns with special conditions are released on a daily basis (weekly in one case), greatly increases the variety of potential playthroughs through positive or negative modifiers, even discounting the already vast class variety.After a significant amount of criticism toward the game's trap mechanics, the developers patched in an option that makes their existence significantly less punishing, while maintaining the original mechanics if the player chooses not to alter the setting. The developers listened to their player base, and did so without alienating either side of the argument. That deserves recognition, at least.The Neutral:While the game has new character companions, they have almost entirely supplanted the old ones. Many characters you may know and be fond of from the original game and its expansion only exist in cameo roles, if they exist at all. In an ideal world, the new allies would join the old and not replace them, but that did not come to pass. I suspect the reason is a combination of wanting the remake to feel substantial and the increased production values making it unfeasible to have both the old and new characters at the same level of polish.The plot is altered somewhat, replacing the ""death by darkness"" with ""death by shiny light"", among other things.The writing involves substantially more anime-esque interactions and sex jokes than the original, which will undoubtedly be an annoyance to some.The available ""campaign worlds"" are outside of the player control, produced semi-randomly from selected world generation seeds that frequently change. Sometimes this leads to a drought of campaigns you  find interesting, either too easy or too punishing compared to the alternative of entering a randomized world. As with the original, there's nothing that can be done about this: it's hard-coded into the nature of the game.The Bad:Extremely limited resolution options combined with a 30FPS lock make it seem like the effort put into the PC port was rather minimal. The developers explained the resolution options as a result of wanting the sprites to scale properly, but that seems like a rather half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥explanation compared to allowing more resolution options and letting the player decide if any resulting graphical distortion was worth it. Likewise, it has been claimed the game will not be increased to 60FPS, if that matters to you.The game's performance is inconsistent, meaning that at times 30FPS is not achieved. According to the developers, this is due to the game calculating the movements and playing the animations of every other enemy or NPC in your vicinity, even if they are off-screen. It can be frustrating to have the game perform solidly and then sporadically become sluggish.While the new character art is professional in quality, it widely varies in style, making the game's art design seem disjointed.The original game has a form of passive multiplayer where you could see how other players were faring in their respective quests and interact with their ghosts at the spot of their death to obtain a randomized stat-up and one of their items. For some baffling reason, this system now requires twitter integration and displays less detail, reducing the sense of camradarie with fellow players.Traps were added to the game. By itself, this would be fine, but the implementation at launch was sorely lacking. Traps are invisible. They can be destroyed by attacking spots where they might be, but that could be literally anywhere, with no items that reveal them and no means of increasing detection rate. This gave Mystery Chronicle a greater feel of ""random number generator difficulty"" than its original, until a patch added a setting to make traps visible by default (set to ""off"" initially).TL;DR: Mystery Chronicle: One Way Heroics is an enjoyable, if somewhat flawed, game. It adds a great deal to its source material in the form of a rewritten plot, new classes, allies, and items, giving an already content-rich game greater variety. However, technical issues that did not exist in the source material somewhat diminish what would otherwise be a wholehearted recommendation. Give the game a chance, but be aware of what you're getting into."
76561197993208330,Not Recommended,409000,26445609,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Time Travelin' Tim,Gives me motion sickness and runs really slow for such a basic game. Graphics are ugly and over-detailed. Just get One Way Heroics Plus.
,Not Recommended,409000,25521202,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,roothorick,"Where to begin...* 30fps cap* Slow, jerky movement on the field* No ""Quit"" option in menus* Arbitrary unrebindable controls (""O"" to finish a trade, what?)* Very poor controller support (onscreen prompts are keyboard keys only, limited binding options, no hint for what the controller button might be (if any) for aforementioned arbitrary unrebindable controls)* Oversized ten-foot oriented UI (which wouldn't actually be a bad thing if the game had passable controller support)* Incredibly bad voice acting* Traps actually take away from gameplay with random cheap damage or status effects unless you swipe at every single square before you move into it (seriously, why?)* And most damningly, there's otherwise absolutely nothing new in the game mechanics.It's like they blew the already small budget on artists and kinda forgot they needed, well, everyone else. Incompetent; a shameless commercial cash-in."
,Not Recommended,409000,25641980,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,DividedZero,"You can't quit in fullscreen unless you alt f4 or go switch to window. The interface is fine, but while trading with NPCs or moving thing around the vault requires you to press O is confirm instead of the nice, easy, and quick pressing x and just hit confirm, cancel, or return. Moving feels so slow compare to the original One Way Heroics because your character does a short stop animation with each step. These are just small annoying problems, but what kills it for my is ghost and traps. Players ghost will only show up if you link to twitter♥♥♥♥♥♥ and traps are RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t waiting to ruin your run because you didn't autistically swing your weapon to check if the empty tile in front of you is a trap for every single step you take.The gameplay is fine without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but just get the original One Way Heroics if you don't have it. I only recommend this game if you really want and already own One Way Heroics+."
,Recommended,409000,32790583,Posted: 25 June,all,Sheepy Chen,"I allready enjoyed the original one way heroics but this game is just as much fun as the original, tough some things make me feel perplexed , like charakter designes and.. that black white bear....  which surely is from a diffrent franchise, but in steam sale for just 99ct, WORTH IT"
,Recommended,409000,25490211,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Siersha,"As people don't often enjoy reading walls of text, I'll cut straight to the chase:Pro:-Great graphics compared to one way heroics plus-Good UI system-Fast and easy way to learn the system-Highly intuitive and explains the game mechanics very well without much thoughtCons:-""dashing"" feels highly clunky, and sometimes moving normally can be faster instead. Most likely, this will be fixed in a patch or something.-Possibly some optimization issues.Neutral:-30 locked fps. Although this isn't really that much of a problem.still tl;dr:Game is good, but currently movement feels clunky as of release version 1.0"
76561198125175834,Not Recommended,409000,32681154,Posted: 23 June,all,Ami Futami,"Loved One Way Heroics and OWH+, but I cannot recommend this game.The locked 30 FPS framerate causes the game to run exceptionally slowly and renders is wholly unplayable.Get the original One Way Heroics+, either here on steam or through playism.  Skip Mystery Chronicle.If the fanservice offered by Spike Chunsoft is a dealbreaker for you, the Vita version plays much better than the Steam version."
,Recommended,409000,25489567,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Nauya,"It's a more modernized and updated looking One Way Heroics.Aside from some people experiencing some game breaking bugs or the game crashing upright at the moment, it's basically more of the same.If you liked One Way Heroics, this is a definite pick up. However, there are some changes.What's to like?- More One Way Heroics!- A callback mission that involves the characters from the original One Way Heroics- Has cameo characters from Danganronpa and Shiren the Wanderer, two of Chunsoft's other IPs.- The art design is a vast improvement from the original due to it being made by a bigger developer.- New interface allows easier information tracking, such as your current equipment durability.- Keeps the same feel and humor from the original, Chunsoft didn't neuter anything about it.What's to think about?- Now with Voice Acting! However, from my experience, the English Voices are sometimes decent, sometimes subpar, sometimes sounding like ""I just phoned in these lines for some quick money"" There is an option to both mute the Voices and also turn on the Original JP audio!- More One Way Heroics! Meaning the game literally feels like a palette swap of the last and nothing has really changed aside from a few new features and UI tweaks.- Some new features are grating. An example being the new Trap system, which can really screw you over in a tight situation or just ruin your items. This can be turned around and used to over-prepare for fights since you can also buy and place traps. Some stats and classes can also detect traps, making them a non-threat. Basically, an additional layer of depth that can be seen as an annoyance more than anything.What's not to like?- Let's be honest, the framerate is garbage. This might be a huge turn off for some, but since it's a turn based roguelike, it doesn't hinder you statistically.- The options for the game are garbage, you're either playing in a tiny unseeable window, the size of a PSVita window, or full screen. Luckily, the game's full screen appears to be a natural borderless windowed mode, so no alt tabbing issues.Would I recommend this?Well that would entirely depend on if the game even works for you at the moment. If it does and you're not bothered by the lower FPS, buy it! However, if you buy the game and it has crashes and bugs, after verifying your files and you still experience the same things, refund and wait for bug fixes. I'm crossing my fingers and hoping for some patches to fix the current issues, like the horrible frame rate.So in summary, if you liked One Way Heroics and want more, buy this game! Just be wary of the current issues like game crashes and bad framerate. If you experience those, refund and wait for a patch.(Oh and if you owned the original you get 10% off this one by buying the bundle. If you don't own the original, buy the bundle anyway, cause you'll get this game with the original!)"
76561198196971090,Recommended,409000,29054839,Posted: 6 January,all,jamessheard93,"For those who've played OWH+: A minor downgrade in playablility from OWH+, but an upgrade in the pure amount of content. I've clocked another 30 or so hours on the game because of the extra content so it does add that little extra variation for fans of the original. If you were less enthused than me by the first game or you always stuck to one class anyway, then this sequel probably isn't for you.For those who haven't played: It's a roguelike turn-based RPG with very intuitive game design and is easy to get into, I'd recommend this version as it has the most content."
,Not Recommended,409000,25535187,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fain,A very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port
,Recommended,409000,25630882,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Davoodinator,"pros: its one way heroics souped up with cringe-anime winning@lifepermadeathstart over @ level 1 every time like a procons: traps :(, dialogue skipping could be faster too. i dont wnat to read. i want to grind."
76561198108511644,Not Recommended,409000,25489179,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kakkou,"Edit: 20 hours in, updateThis review is a fair warning from a huge OWH fan. (And hence why flagged as ""not recommended"", please don't take this as i dislike the game.) If you are new to this game scroll down for conclusion.Port and technical issue-Frame rate locked to 30 fps-Appears to choke and stutters quite a lot (it seems fps is not the sole reason for this, it happens even when fps indicator shows consistent 30)-Assuming the fps reading is correct, this game feels much choppier than what i would have expect from 30fps-Lack of frames is especially obvious when navigating through any UI-I have failed 2 run due to mistakes that incurred when using the choppy shortcut menu (i will further adress the issue with shortcut menu with further update )-Use keyboard prompt from the vista version instead of allowing direct input from keyboard-Limited and polarising resolution option (1080, 540 and 270)Gameplay changesMystery chronicle port almost everything from the original 1 to 1 with some changes and extra content. However, almost all changes gamplay-wise are for the worse instead of improvement, I'll point out a few changes that i despise.-They removed most of the scrolls in game and replace them with scrolls with ""tier ""that add random effect according to the level of the scroll used.  Which means it take away the item management aspect and replace it with a whole new layer of needless RNG. A very poor option-Speaking of item management, you now CANT repair items in your vault. This combined with the above point mean the game discourages players to use the vault. If i were to do a no-vault run, i will do so by restraining myself from using it or playing M mode, reducing the functionality of the vault is not an improvement but rather taking away options from playersInterface-First of all, I absolutely HATE the shortcut interface. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to use compare to the convenient and easily customisable shortcuts. Your have to first bring up the shortcut menu, than press the equivalent direction key, and press confirm button again. Just imagine how painful it is to repeat these action when you a using a class that uses skill often, namely the force user.-Wait, this is not the end of the problem. The shortcut interface combine with the performance problem i mentioned above, making it not only disrupt the gameplay, but potentially lead to mistake that can fail a run. Since you are pressing those series of button over and over again to stack concentration but the menu is too choppy to register your input in time, and your character end of doing unwanted action like running right into mobs.ConclusionDespite the long rumble i have, Mystery Chronicle is a great game that built on the foundation of the original One Way Heroic, which i consider an amazing gem and a must play for roguelike lovers. However most of the changes made, in my opinion, undermine the overall experience instead of improving on the established formula. The most redeemable quality of mystery chronicle is probably the new artwork and sprite.If you have played OWH, you know what you are looking for, I'm just here to inform you before you make the purchaseIf you are completely new to the game, yes this is worth picking up, but you may use this game as the entry point and go back to the original if you like this one. Or just pick up the original which is cheaper and a superior experience.I have planned to 100% this game so i may update this review when i think of things worth mentioningMeanwhile,I recommend the original fans to read this informative post that outline the difference between this and the original game.http://steamcommunity.com/app/409000/discussions/3/350533172679322728/(credit to Buster Hymen)"
,Recommended,409000,25488878,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,MOOMANiBE,"A competant remake of the original - and very excellent - One Way Heroics, but if you already own the original be warned you are getting a version with a rather stiff translation and some weird console-isms,  in particular the lack of an ""exit game"" button. (The game's performance ain't great either.) It works, it's fine overall, but honestly I think I prefer the original."
,Not Recommended,409000,33159556,Posted: 2 July,all,Splat Tim,This is literally a worse version of One Way Heroics.
,Recommended,409000,25487677,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Prom Knight,"It stands up pretty well as a continuation of the original One Way Heroics, and I would certainly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed their time with the first who feels that they could go for more. If it's your first time coming to the series, I would certainly recommend trying it out. The original was well regarded for a reason, and this seems to ge a general improvement over it.Pros:+Upgraded illustrations and graphicsThe character portraits are more fleshed out and detailed, with more emphasis being placed on eye catching designs. They look quite good, but they are somewhat scattered stylistically.+Improved UI and player experienceSome reasonably important quality of life updates have been applied, with information previously hiding behind menus in the inventory screen now appearing directly on the HUD.+Voice actingWhile not fully voice acted, the game does have some voiced dialogue on the main characters. Some lines will be spoken in full, while others will have a more generic word/sound spoken as the line appears, in the same vein as the modern Fire Emblem games. The voice acting is a little hit and miss, but overall it is enjoyable and adds to the experience.+Japanese Voice ActingThere is also the option to enable japanese voice acting, which is always a worthwhile bonus.+New terrain typesThere were new terrain types added which change up the game flow in a fairly meaningful way, and this helps break up the monotony that sometimes plagued the last game.+Animated introWhile this is a minor point, they did add an animated intro to the game. It's fairly good looking, barring what looks like some rough CG at points, and it proved to be interesting to watch for the first time. You likely won't be blown away by it, but it was a cool touch to add.Cons:-Very similar to the last gameWhile this is not a detractor for everyone, the game is very similar to the original. Many classes are the same, as are many items and status effects. If you did not like the original, this game probably won't turn you around on the series.-MusicWhile the music is consistently decent, I have yet to hear a track that really drew me in. So far it has been the same generic fantasy music that you might hear in any standard rpg. It doesn't detract from the experience at all, but it's also nothing to write home about.-Story(?)While I likely haven't gotten through the whole story in my meagre playtime, it has been fairly standard stuff thus far. It's slightly more intriguing than the original, but that isn't a huge feat. There are some interesting hooks that I haven't seen a payoff for yet, but I'm not anticipating much more than a ""huh, neat"" from any tricks the game might be holding on to.-Framerate LockAs noted by other users, the game is locked at 30fps. This might not bug everyone, but it is definitely worth noting."
76561198060527161,Not Recommended,409000,34388971,Posted: 20 August,all,Sir Slush,"Another time I kinda wish Steam had a 'meh' option.Summary of following review: The issues with the game aren't as bad as people say, but the game itself doesn't merit a positive review.I was a fan of the original One Way Heroics and would have played this pseudo-sequel earlier, but because of all the negative reviews it received at launch, I held off on buying and playing it until it only cost a dollar.On the positive end, this is basically just more of the original OWH. Chunsoft expanded the list of equipment with a few new equipment types and special effects, which I'm sure will be interesting to discover, but the core gameplay remains pretty much the same as before. Sadly, that's really all I have to say as far as positives go.The negatives that you've heard really aren't that bad, though. For instance, Chunsoft's version of OWH added hidden traps that players or NPCs can trigger just by moving. You can't see where the traps are located outside of the tutorial, but none of the traps I triggered were anything more than a minor annoyance, and certainly not game-ending provided you've been playing with anything resembling traditional gaming wisdom. Still, Chunsoft should have known better than to add something like this; random unfairness is just poor game design, whether it really affects the players or not. Thankfully, there is an option to make traps visible if you don't want to deal with them.The infamous 'framerate issue' is also a bit overblown. Yes, the game stutters because offscreen enemies still need to move between player movements. No, it's not nauseating, it's just annoying. The wait time does increase as the number of enemies increases, and usually is between a tenth of a second and nearly a full second. Overall it hasn't been a hindrance, but it does slow down gameplay.Personally, the biggest blow to this game for me was just that I felt the original had more charm. That probably depends a lot on player preference, and I admit I have an affection for simple-looking graphics, but it also carried into the way that the character portraits look and the dialogue between characters. While from a technical perspective I can see that Chunsoft's art ought to score higher than the original's, I think perhaps the original's simplicity was more in keeping with the relatively simple gameplay. Chunsoft took a system that worked well and wanted to expand on it, but really just ended up complicating it; muddying the essence of what made OWH a great game to relax with in the first place.So if you really want more OWH content and don't mind a couple minor annoyances, this game probably wouln't be a bad choice with a price of only one dollar. But if you're trying to decide which one to get, follow the advice of the other reviewers and play the original instead. I rate this at 6.5/10."
,Recommended,409000,25502307,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Zikrayrus,"Mystery Chronicle is Spike Chunsoft's version/remake of One Way Heroics which is also a part of their Mystery Dungeon series. The thing is, can their higher production value improve on the original game?Bit of a yes and no there really. Sure, the higher quality art style is great. Nice voice acting too, and heck we even got an Opening now.But truth be told its actually quite similar to OWH+. There isn't much significant difference other than PVP, Spike Chunsoft-only classes and possibly some balancing changes on their part.Nonetheless, it is indeed another One Way Heroics game. And I absolutely love it. If you are looking for more of the same. Then go right for it.There seems to be some technical difficulties though, might be a bit of unoptimized porting in the mix but I'm doing well so far. Just have to get use to the extra clunkiness of the system. You can't... say move through the system as fast as you can in the original One Way Heroics games. Which can be a tad bit annoying, but nothing serious.Edit: For the record, I find that there are quite alot of people making a tad bit of a fuss over 30FPS. Yes as I mentioned, its slower than the norm. And due to engine differences there can be delays processing enemy and NPC movement which causes stutters in both standard and dash movements. But it in no way impacts the game. This is a Turnbased Roguelike RPG.  Which means RNG, Logic, Planning and Grinding. 30 FPS affects nothing here."
76561197970037644,Not Recommended,409000,28957513,Posted: 2 January,all,jbrodack,For the most part feels like a step back from the original One Way Heroics and its expansion.  Graphics are a bit better but not enough to make up for the slow movement and general downgrade in gameplay.  It doesn't do enough different from the original to justify its existence.Best to stick with the original unless you've played that to death and want something somewhat new.
76561198092573192,Not Recommended,409000,25543608,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,koinzell,Pros-nice in game music-more classes then the original but most of them are cheap RPG maker sprites-nice sim dating style companions-nice story-cameos & guest characters from other gamescons-30 FPS locks the original OWH+ worked smother and better at 60FPS-lags and stuttering and a notable delay movementsbetween actions and running making the game slow and choppy-opening music is crap and it gets annoying everytime you open the game-every time you buy something or add to your hero vault you need topress O to conform which is a pain and was done far better in the original OWH+-luck based traps and land mines scattered around the big space world and they can do 800 damagekilling everything it touchesand there's nothing you can do about it-weak useless companions they do a small amount of damage and there HP stays the same and after going 900 milany enemy can kill them with 1 hit-no fix decayed weapons or armors option in the hero vault like with OWH+-bad lazy port
76561198087031512,Recommended,409000,33257825,Posted: 4 July,all,eeveefriend,it's ok. but i would get One Way Heroics Plus instead. unless you get this cheap(like in the steam sales).
,Recommended,409000,25516180,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Von Bishington,"While Mystery Chronicle doesn't stray far from the formula of the original game and expansion, the updated visuals and new classes offer a little something for those who are a fan of the series. Unfortunately, there are some gameplay concerns that cause this entry to fall just short of being as good as it's predecessor.▓▒░ PROS ░▒▓+ Little deviation from what made the original gameplay great.+ High quality character art.+ New classes that are enjoyable to play as.+ Musical/Sound quality roughly on par with the original.+ Dosey.▓▒░ CONS ░▒▓- Twitter integration is required to share and receive adventuring updates.- Most of the new allies are not nearly as interesting as the allies of the previous entires, and some feel like they only exist as blatant fan service.- Trap system that is almost as pointless as it is frustrating.- Menus can be annoying to cycle through mid-game, especially when attempting to pick up items on the ground.- No conventional way to exit the game."
76561197982567490,Recommended,409000,30894027,Posted: 1 April,all,Nathaniel Prime,"This game is a great buy, even if you have already played the original One Way Heroics. You fight monsters and explore the world in a turn-based fashion, getting extra turns if your character is fast enough. Beating monsters causes you to level up and you can gain loot, and if you die you start over again - with advantages which accrue from previous journeys.  Don't worry, this is not one of those derpy ""start fresh every single play"" rogue games.You control a hero of your choosing, with somewhere around twenty(!) classes to choose from. There is a light approaching from the West that obliterates everything it touches, so your journey is to travel toward the East to confront the fallen angel Alma. Games can be very short, but if you want to get some of the best endings you're in for a long, satisfying journey.I can definitely recommend this, and urge players to keep playing all the way through until they finish it!"
76561198067481650,Not Recommended,409000,33070637,Posted: 30 June,all,mattiemon1994,"Less good than the first game (One Way Heroics). Couldn't get into it. Traps are annoying, runs are less fun in general. But that's coming from the first game. Overall, this game is like OK. I'd give it like an OK/10. I'd say you could probably justify paying .99c for this game, but the first game is way better."
,Recommended,409000,33863236,Posted: 28 July,all,sleepeh yukeh,"Thanks to Panic Fire for giving me the benefit of the doubt.Mystery Chronicle: One way heroics is... Different than One Way Heroics +. While i still absolutely recommend OWH+, Mystery chronicle isnt bad either - but it has a lot of faults.If you're an anime fan you are bound to like the characters in this game. If you simply prefer RPG combat and dont care for stories, you should take a look at One Way Heroics plus instead. It is one of the best games on steam.Mystery chronicle has performance issues. It has extremely low framerate regardless of your system due to being capped to 30 fps (it is a console port).Still, if you can look past the slow framerate, it's an alright game. It doesnt provide much information at any time, so it can come across as somewhat mindless at times, but its still entertaining.Personally, i find this game to be alright once you've played OWH+ so much you know everything about it. This is a downgrade of that game, but it is still a one way heroics game - so it's simply new content to an old game. Which is nice when that old game is really great.Beware though, you sadly have to play for quite a while before the game really ""begins"". You'll have to just endure being bored out of your mind for the first couple hours. Also, this game even more than the previous ones can be considered ""inventory management simulators"" because you will constantly have to juggle inventory items to make space for things you find.Compared to OWH+, this game gives you less vision, less information, fewer enemy types and much fewer items. It is ported from the psp vita, so it makes sense for it to have less content than previous games. On the bright side, it has more secret unlockables, and a whole lot more classes.I have reconsidered, and i now think this game can be worth it. You simply have to be patient, then eventually you'll break the ""early game barrier"" and get to the enjoyable game that lies beneath, aka the core One Way Heroics experience.If there was a story mode for One Way Heroics, this game would be it. The music is less adventurous and more dramatic compared to the previous titles, but that does not mean it is bad."
,Recommended,409000,25499657,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,RadishVapor,"Some minor annoying issues aside aside, its good.Movement does feel clunky though, wonder if it will be patched."
76561198062563228,Recommended,409000,25582411,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,LoliLord,"So far this game has recieved mixed reviews so I decided to toss my review out there. Personally I liked it. I've played the original and the expansion and this one is certainly harder. Although people complain about the addition of traps which supposedly make the game even more random and hard. C'mon people it's a rougue-like EVERYTHING is randomly generated. Both games have a signifigant chance of randomly screwing you over.With that being said, should you get this game or the original + expansion? Well this is an overall more polished experience, more content, just more of what the last had. Although I wouldn't call it a definitively superior experience. The last one had different classes and different art. It's hard to go suggest either one over the other, but if you're just looking for more content period, this is the way to go. But I'd still suggest giving the original a try sometime.If you're wondering whether you should get either, the answer is yes in my humble opinion. They're both good games with unique and interesting RPG mechanics. Also keep in-mind it's a rougue-like so it isn't easy and the game won't always give you a fair chance."
,Recommended,409000,29662048,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"Mystery Chronicles is most reminiscent of Half-Minute Hero, and under no circumstance should this be picked up over that. Still, it occupies a unique space in the JRPG circle, and the gameplay depth therein is well worth digging up if you can deal with a couple of balance issues and the general game not being radically redesigned with each new class.Plus, Monokuma cameo. Can't beat that!"
,Recommended,409000,25488132,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,NomsOnWorlds,"Nice roleplay additions, but definitely needs some polishing. I quite enjoyed some of the new elements this game brought, but I gotta say, the shortcut interface is somewhat lacking if you're used to OWH+'s UI. Still, glad I bought it and will continue to explore what this game has to offer."
,Recommended,409000,33288659,Posted: 5 July,all,Moka,"One ways heroics <3so,Mystery Chronicle: One Way Heroics <3²And btw, one ways heroics is tje best roguelike ever created :3"
,Recommended,409000,30833194,Posted: 30 March,all,The3rdFist,This game is a marvel developed after the first One Way Heroics was released. It has amazing replay value and is something you can sink hours into. The class options allow for multiple play styles and there are even additional quests. This game can become a grind if you want to get all the endings and use every ally though. The voice acting is fairly flat as well. From a gameplay perspective I give this game a 8/10. Now I am going to go back and see if I can find the Demon Lord.
76561197974663819,Recommended,409000,32945901,Posted: 28 June,all,kazzit,"Great game but the con-troll-ing scheme is terrible and does not support free keyboard/controller rebinding. Note this game reads raw input from mem, so remaping through registery will NOT work."
,Recommended,409000,25505437,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,SKILLS,"Pretty good, like the original One Way Heroics.The only problem is the 30 FPS cap, making the game run choppy.9/10-1 because of the 30FPS cap."
,Recommended,409000,25490639,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,[TRG] Roy,"After someone on the forums helped release an unofficial Fix to the game, i was finally able to get it working and playable. Overall I enjoyed OWH n Plus and this is more of the same. I like the cameos from the few other series here and overall the game is still as infuriating and RNG reliant based as the others combined with a hint as strategy and no matter how many times i die to a Over powered WANTED monster of Ancient level foe, it will keep me coming back again and again because i refuse to stop playing on a loss.7/10, would die to random bull crap again."
,Recommended,409000,32725996,Posted: 24 June,all,ryancamp,"A more polished re-imagining of the original. I am thoroughly enjoying it, if you played the original you would know that all of these 30fps whiners are nonsense... this is an rpgmaker style game."
76561198093360882,Recommended,409000,25527872,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Stutter,"the game is really fun. its a roguelike turn-based, grid-based rpg with an emphasis on survival, rather than killing everything. however, i cant say this game is good because of one solitary fact...i cant set my character name as ""stutter"". i dont know what the hell is innapropriate about the word ""stutter"". maybe that word went to chun-softs house and murdered his family, maybe thats why. but i doubt that."
,Recommended,409000,25626646,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Baron Von Fingerbang,"Solid continuation to the OWH series, I enjoy it as pretty much a direct upgrade to OWH+. Haven't had any performance problems or anything, new mechanics are good and the game is more intuitive than the first game. Only negative thing I can say would be that the game's menus are a tad clunky, but those problems go away after you learn the controls/use a controller.I'd rate the game 8.5/10! Good job SpikeChunsoft!(Also, if any devs read this, please, for your next installment, don't make the intro credits theme in Engrish. It'd have sounded better in Japanese.)"
,Recommended,409000,25675653,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,DJgamer98,"This game is less polished than OWH+, but it's still a very fun and addictive game."
,Recommended,409000,26035769,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SupaPhly,"I love the game, but the PC version has way too many problems, I wish I got the PS4 version.I recommend it, but only get it after they fix most of the problems of this bad port."
,Recommended,409000,25488468,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Narky Sawtooth♪,"Due to finally getting the game to work, I can now recommend it. The review will be updated as I play the game.Cons- Game crashes when run from an external drive. Other players report frequent crashes, possibly an issue related to Radeon graphics cards.- Dream Vault is very picky. Even on a no-vault run, it still locks if I go to the clear screen. The dimensional vault wasn't like that.- Traps. They don't add much, but they're tolerable... Provided you don't get one-shot from full health by one. You can attack the air or try to lure enemies into unseen traps, and it would have been neat if that would be smoothly worked into gameplay. But, they're all over the map... The big, spacious map. Traps in dungeons make more sense, but monsters would fall on them all the time.- There's a lag when moving if a lot of things are happening, even on a high-end system. People are mistaking this for a framerate issue. The original OWH was highly praised for its smooth movement.- Tutorial is disorienting. It just throws you around and boots you to the menu twice.- Some animations may cause motion sickness.- x1, x2, and x4 screen resolutions. No x3.ProsWell, this is going to be short until I've played the game for a bit longer.-Just slam this in.- The opening is great.- There's a sound test menu, and the music is nice. (If you want to hear sound effects, the medals screen has a few.)- The game looks nice.- There's PvP, so that'll be a fun experience. I haven't found anybody to play against, yet, but there's a lot of information on it in the manual.- Large class selection. They haven't been especially exciting so far, but that might be because I've mastered them all already. It seems force powers and ranged attacks are utilized by more classes, now; That's a good thing.-Dosey- Zenura- ZENURA!~- Zenura's effects have been made more clear.- Replays can now be sped up. I love watching that line zip around the map!- Oh-ho. Checking my completion info spoiled something for me:The clear icons are more plentiful in higher difficulties.Iffy- Some people have commented on important places ending up in mountains. Just use a force bridge.- No really awesome song playing on the menu while your past heroes march over a Mode 7 map.- Credits song doesn't seem to be drumtastic.- No Fist of the South Dipper Phoenix. Souther is already dead. Kenshiro has watatatata-won.SummaryIt's good. I'll have to update this section later."
76561197993432028,Recommended,409000,25561963,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Myrianne,"The original version of this game was phenomenal, and Mystery Chronicle is everything that was amazing about OWH, plus a whole lot more."
,Recommended,409000,25489491,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Thighs,"For me, this is pretty much exactly what I wanted from a re-release. Hope it gets more support and content for a long time to come!"
,Recommended,409000,25500416,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Otter,"I was initially hesistant to drop money on a re-release of a game I only recently bought, but the new PvP mode is excellent and definitely spices up the game.I scored my first victory against a player who was as green as me and only just barely won, after having exhausted all of my tricks and been forced into a dps race slugfest against the final boss.Highly recommended for people who enjoyed the earlier OWH games or are fans of roguelikes in general."
76561198032121256,Recommended,409000,25579266,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Thiridian,"Updated:For those of you who have not played the original One Way Heroics, I'll briefly explain the game then recommend you go play the original, for people who have played and enjoyed it, please skip ahead a paragraph.One Way Heroics is a overhead turn based RPG that runs like a combination of Half Minute Hero and a Roguelike Game. While you don't have a time limit, you do have a small window of time that you can hang around one area while a wall of death approaches you from the left. So the object of the game is to travel to the right, level up, get gear, etc. Battle evil, do quests, etc. It has pretty standard RPG fare, classes, equipment, skills and abilities, and roaming monsters. The worlds are generated through a text code so you get a lot of different playthroughs, and some worlds have special functions, like a world will only drop gold and you have to buy gear rather than finding gear. One world is always night time. Things like that. This series IS good, I just will say that ""Play this after playing the original OWH or OWH+"" both are on Steam first.------------------------------I've played a lot of OWH+ and OWH, I will agree with the other people here that OWH+ is better for new players, but this version is more suited for experienced players.So previous players:Recommended YESNew players:Go play OWH+ firstThis needs polishing, but for $9 I'm not complaining.Pros and Cons are pretty similar to the other peoples here, but I'll list them anyway.Pros:The game still feels like it's part of the OWH series. We've all had games that were ""sequels"" and wound up being too different from their predecessor to where they weren't fun because they didn't feel like the same game.Artwork is actually very well done still. I enjoyed the other OWH game's art still, but I actually like seeing the enhanced spritework. No complaints here. (Only complaint about the art will be mentioned later about the C characters)More classes (I haven't unlocked ALL of them yet but the ones I have I have no issues with yet)More class questsJapanese Voices are an option if you don't like the English VAsTraps: (Wait before you go ""OMG! this guy likes the traps?"", Please read my reasoning) I like the idea of traps, they add a new level of randomness. I DO feel that there SHOULD be a trap detection ability. That is a con and I've noted it below, but traps overall, yes I like them in here. Why? I have had my shares of goods and bads with traps. More often the ENEMIES hit the traps and explode them and such before I reach them. While travelling 90% of the time, the enemy hits the trap and it pops up on the message list.I had one run where I was about to die with a super badass enemy running after me then all of a sudden, he hits a landmine, explodes and ... ignited a bomb and ... boom. Enemy gone. I got super lucky. And yeah I had a run where I hit a landmine and exploded a bomb and dieded. That's how luck goes.Enemy abilities. Once again, I like the variety. I like enemies able to do more than just strike and breathe fire from the other OWH game. I mean you had very few enemies who could do more, like I remember the Witch being able to use ""lightning"" but in my game she died before ever casting the spell 9 out of 10 times.2 additional NPCs you can choose from at the start of each adventure. Playing a charismatic type? You get to pick from 3 people now at the start, rather than just 2. Soldier D still takes a ton of CHR, but the other two people work fine as I've used them and they only cost 1 CHR. Some day I'll take Soldier D to see if he still is kinda meh like from the other game.Minor Cons: (I'm rating these based on how they affect how I play the game)English Voices (yeah they didn't do a great job on a lot of them. Some are passable but I just set this to JP voices and all good)Button reconfiguration took a bit to get used to. Minor.Some slowdown. A little when running. Not too terrible though. It shouldn't be there with a game like this.Dream Vault not having repair function: I'm 50/50 on this. I find it nicer for a roguelike game to have less relying on one uber weapon you have been making forever. But at the same time I had things I'd like to use but had no durability.Your equipment while on the field is harder to repair and remove bad ailments. This is a bit of a problem only in the sense that there are a lot of ""screw you"" things that can happen. Rust Trap for instance. Or the ""scrolls"" from the previous game that put a set ability on your armor or weapon now do a ""Random of a certain tier"" ability and that ability could be bad."". The only GOOD thing I can say about this is I found myself not relying on the dream vault as much, and it feels a little more like a roguelike than the previous games in that aspect. Use a weapon up, toss it, get the next one. The only two things I've seen so far is an NPC that can fix Legendary stuff, and the Jerryrigging scroll (now known as Mr Gnome scroll) that repairs your stuff,  but makes it more brittle.Ult. student feels a bit overpowered, but that might just be my own opinion.Also about the Ult. Student class...Monokumais Ult. Student C?! Why?!Twitter is used for the multiplayer? I haven't tested it yet to see if it's better or worse.Screen size changing. I play in fullscreen mode but I saw there's less options for window sizing. It's odd but minor (for me)Major Cons:No Trap detection ability/skill. This isn't a gamebreaker as we all have roguelikes that have ""you ran into this and it's luck based and you died"". But it is bad that there's no way of detecting them unless you swing your weapon first.Character C versions are NPC recolors?! And a lot don't make sense. Thief C is a GOLEM... HOW? Astrologist C is a Bard. Why?I didn't see any new perks yet.Debatable things that other people have mentioned:The 30FPS problem: I dunno...? This is a near turn-based RPG done in 16-bit anime style. Response times I don't find matter in a RPG like this, and the human eye can't really see more than 30FPS anyway.NPCs are worse overall: I dunno, haven't had any trouble with NPCs helping my characters battle yet.Memoria worse than Iris: I've found goods and bads about both of their characters in all honesty. So I'm neutral on the fairy thing.Menus are worse? Eh. I'm going with ""I got used to them"". There's a lot worse menus I've seen.Music? I honestly cannot side either way as I play with my own music. SFX seem fine though. XDOverall, happy with the game. Maybe when I get further I'll change my thoughts, but for now I'm fine with the purchase."
76561198035525662,Recommended,409000,25489121,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ShirowMasamune,"This gets Kinda long, But the starts of each paragraphs kinda sums the rest of the paragraph up well. so skip a paragraph if the start does not interest youFigured i would give a quick review of Mystery Chronicle One Way Heroics, As a Mega fan of One Way Heroics.Wanted to add quickly, I have had zero troubles with the game crashing, I have had trouble finding out how to turn it off without alt F4 howeverMystery chronicles has added a lot of bells and whistles to one way heroics, Problem is. This is still a small little game, And adding bells and whistles slows down the pace. And god it does slow it down,   There is a lot of talk about frame rate issues, but honestly from what i have seen its not the frame rate, This game is just really clunkyThere is voice acting!, which i was surprised at.  I honestly feel like it takes away from the expierence a little. But i grew up having to read in games so i am unsure if it is just that.From the few characters i have met, Their dialog feels a little forced, Almost as if the characters are parodying themselves, Though i have always found that as an issue with using voice actors. Without them, you have to convey emotion in text and in the old one way heroics they did that wonderfully.I have not really come across any music that has stuck with me in this yet, It is not bad. Just the selection of music in the original is by far better at conveying the setting you are in or the scene playin out.Not looked in the settings too much yet, So i don't know if im stuck with it. But Memoria really needs to shut up,   Unlike the original "" AS FAR AS I AM AWARE OF"" Where you can rapidly skip the text that you don't really want to hear, for what ever reason. Where as with Mystery Chronicle it is a lot of key pressing.Game play!... A little clunkly and a little slower but its solid, it works.  All of your information, Stats, place on the map, places on the map. health, stamina. weapon and armour durability, All very clearly visable,  Which was a small issue on the original,  You had a lot of information alll compressed in to small areas, and sometimes it was difficult to actually find what you wanted.You have a decent selection of classes to be in mystery chronicle from the start, unlike the two you get in the original at the start. You have a ton more classes to unlock, same with perks and you get the same dimentional vault system in this, just under a new name. Mechanically it is the same.The art work for the characters is gorgeous, very well detailed very high def, This is not exactly an improvment, As I also adored the character artwork in the original. It is merely different. Equally gorgeous for different reasons.The original, was kinda tough as nails. If you really wanted to go in to the harder modes with the weaker characters  The game was going to make you cry  repeatedly. But it was always fair..... With in reason, Mystery chronicle has added random invisible traps basically everywhere. I have not been playing long  and i have already lost count of how many i have stumbled across. I even got hit with a poison dart trap in a town. Not a great fan of random chance in games, never have been. and won't be any time soon.This game needs a few tweaks in the right places and a little bit of oiling to make things run a little more smoothlyI do recomend this game however, I am very much enjoying the game. I wanted to write this completely disregarding my own expierence of one way heroics, As Mystery chorincle is a great game in its own right, The sad thing is it is trying to measure up to the original and is falling short.  The original captivated with its simplicity and its depth so much so that i deem it to be a masterpiece,  you can't inspire the same captivation with bells and whistles and shiny objects.Here is hoping the game does get a few quality of life tweaks so it is not so jerky and stiff.Just want to say. Dosey is really ♥♥♥♥ing cute, As in literally the cutest thing"
,Recommended,409000,25489291,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Sircarius Valoro,"An endless amount of dimensions and so an endless amount of class trials.With Monokuma's underlings waiting around the corner in every single dungeon..When your armour breaks down, and when you end up barehanded on low health..Just remember...“HOPE KEEPS GOING!”"
,Recommended,409000,25558717,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Monika (Ripple),do you like makoto naegi
,Recommended,409000,25532085,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Cremelime @ Twitch.Tv,"I was a fan of the first One Way Heroics just because it was an enjoyable little game, straight foward, you had an objective, a distance and an end. So more then a sequel I would say this mostly resembles a remastering of the first game, better graphics, more story, more playablity, same objective though. If you did enjoy the first one I do recommend playing this one, If your not a fan of rpg side scrollers then this probably might not be your thing~Here's a little Play-through:https://youtu.be/_oKgDB6k-u4"
,Recommended,409000,25497794,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Bandit King,GG. If you liked the first two games or just like RL's in gen then get this game for sure. It's also a cross buy game on PSN if you have a PS4 and a Vita..so thats a thing.
76561198121992160,Recommended,409000,25488644,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ThePie5522,"It's a highly addictive game with tons of replay value. It's a pretty big improvement from the original One Way Heroics game, which I have played and loved as well. The voice acting a bit annoying, but the graphics and expansiveness is quite an enjoyable change."
76561198063574168,Recommended,409000,25515589,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,omegadarkzero2,"A really good game, for the lovers of rpg and rougue like games, and i love the opening song :D"
,Not Recommended,409000,25492690,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","One way heroics... but more! what more could you want? though, there are some weird framerate issues, it's locked at 30 fps and doesn't feel as smooth as the previous games, so if that's gonna bug you, hold on til they fix it (hopefully they do)edit: honestly, the stutter and low performance feel of the game is really unsettling... game doesn't move as fast as original at all, and feels like a step down in that department, and since you're going to be feeling that for the entirety of the game... until it's fixed (unless it's never fixed) changing to not recommend."
,Recommended,409000,25488712,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,yizhou616,I'm glad to announce Dosey is still best girl.
76561198041330288,Recommended,409000,25488235,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Maxx Saigen,"People still complain about frame locking these days? Damn.In any case:Pros:Lots of classesNice additions to the game without ruining what made the original awesome.Everything in the original is pretty much in this version. There doesn't seem to be less content despite things I've heard...Traps, this seems to be a con among some, but I haven't had any issue with them.MULTIPLAYER! Some cool unlocks and overall a fun gamemode to play.Cons:Speed up feels slower than normal walking, for whatever reason.Apperent lag issues and crashes? I haven't run into any so I wouldn't know.Edit: Also, after just checking other reviews, seems like most of the negatives are the typical ""My computer can't run this, so the game is bad because of this!"" Seriously, grow up and talk to the devs about it or refund it. If a few weeks pass and nothing is done, then you can negative review or whatever. It's a new release, you would be surprised how many new releases have bugs..."
,Recommended,409000,25537959,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,EmeraldGrimoire,"Help! The game is even more addicting than the last! D:(And you can check how addicted I was to that if you want... Check my badge even! >:U)Also for a quick note, people saying they ""beat"" the game are people who say they beat creative games and games like WoW. There isn't a ""beat"".So I guess I'll do a overview & review now since it's kinda depressing to see such a great game getting such a low rating. (And rating a PIXEL game poorly for being 30 fps capped is complete BS. What would even be the point of it being 60fps?!)Okay so, if you've played the original, it's basically all of the first game (including DLC) with a bunch of upgrades. And better. The story is pretty much the same, with new characters and a ton of new classes, and an online vs system which is basically a pretty fun race.Full in depth stuff tiem!The game has a wall of death trailing behind you as you collect loot, gain levels, and try to become strong enough to beat the Fallen Angel to stop the Light from disintigrating the world. A pretty heavy burden for the child of the King and already so called hero...Roguelike -> Most of you probably know the flow of roguelikes but if not~. The loot and levels you collect are tied to the character, and once you die or win, that character is now gone in a sense. You can save a few items in the ""Dream Vault"" which you can take out on new plays. Also permanent is the currency collected along the way (Dream and Genesis stones) used to build your castle and unlock more perks/classes/Dream Vault slots - and even some extras.Aaaaaaand that's basically the overview, it's not overly complex. Pro/Con time.ProsDifficulties ranging from Easy to ""You're f'n crazy.""Tons of classes (All of them quite different and fun in their own ways.)LOTS to unlockTons of quests for alternate stories and bosses (also unlocks classes)Huge variety of weapons - with the new Knuckles, Guns, and Boomerangs along with a few others clocking in.A few Cameos as classes from other Chun gamesA+ music,canget a little repetetive, but it changes as you progressYou can handicap yourself on harder difficulties and feel true painNew Characters for followers and npcsAll unique models have pretty character artGallery for collected character artA bunch of endingsTake pictures of your scores for bragging rightsBoobsFun/Competitive multiplayer with rewards for both sides -> can get legendary weapons a different way-This is an Eh-Every almost every character ""likes"" the Hero. Not my thing, feel like less depth in characters than the last game because of it, but I know many others dig that. It's tailored to the fans moreso.Fun (am burning out, will try and get through this review thing)ConsAs others have stated the VA is faintly poorNobody seems to be doing the VS mode race, which is a shame (I usually have to open matches myself, even then...)Again, some of the voices sound like they used poor quality recording devices while others are fineEveryone says hero in place of names (when they could be saying ""you"" or ""them"") even when it's not necessary/is obnoxious (one character doesn't do this so they're my favorite - I love you for this Keyton)The taste of humiliating defeatCrying in your room because you underestimated a goatTo wrap up/some complaints I've seen:That's really it, people complain about small amounts of stuttering while running, but it's actually called the enemy taking their turn, itisa turned based RPG afterall. The story can be interesting to read the first few times but for this kind of game that's not even the main focus (with how many times you'll go through it you won't be paying attention most of the time anyway).Everyone has been commenting about the VA quality, and while Igenerallyagree with them on it being subpar, I loved the last game which had no Voice Acting, so. But really the voice acting for everyone but Dosey is just fine, the fairy's is the best probably.Also like I said you'll go through the story so many times you'll be skipping their chat after the first few times anyway.About the controls... In the last game it was easiest to use the keyboard as it was technically JUST a PC release. So keep in mind this one was intended for console release as well. Nonetheless the keyboard is still pretty quick & simple to use, pretty much the same as the last. But personally after trying it with a controller I'd highly recommend the controller, it just feels so much quicker and... Kind of... Uhm... It just feels so... Anyway, you can figure out the buttons pretty fast - unlike what others have said. There's only 6.All-in-allIf you like/loved the last game, then you'll love this one as it's well worth it. The story is the same, but that's not what you and I are here for.If you're a fan of games with high replay value, turn based RPGs, and getting chased by searing light, then definitely grab it.I'd highly recommend this game to anyone. The main catch would be the roguelike genre itself.If you're someone that thinks every game, even pixelated games should be at 60fps... Then go far, far away and know that my scornful gaze will be searing into your soul every time you use the restroom. There will be no reprieve for you. You will not rest. There is no forgiveness.But yeah, I love this game. Get it! :3(And play with me online pleeeease!) :'("
76561198002560836,Recommended,409000,25572736,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Esty was here,"i played the old one a little bit, i loved the idea of it just didnt have the modern UI to really keep me ingaged for long periods. i feel like this game gave me the graphic overhall and UI touch up i really needed and im having a great time with it. Cant wait to unlock more charecters and see what else is hidden in this game. If you played the old ones you know exactly what your getting into so no surprised but i will say with the tutorial in this one and easy ui its a smoother road to GET into it."
,Recommended,409000,26725638,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Riley,"It's a great roguelike, although plagued by an FPS lock and stuttering, both of which are quite annoying."
76561198012786911,Recommended,409000,27903493,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fennix Silvertail,"It's fun, there are dailies. I don't really know what else to say other than the best way to learn is to play it for yourself honestly."
76561198020402287,Recommended,409000,25599445,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,marsgreekgod,"A remake of an inide game by a bigger studio? I haven't heard much like that before. it's a great game though. it doesn't run perfectly all the time, but it has tons of content and it's really fun.Just don't forget to experment. there is a lot more ways to end the game then you might think"
,Recommended,409000,30251186,Posted: 28 February,all,Gaball,If you like roguelikes you will surely like this
,Not Recommended,409000,25490205,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Implojin,"Huge fan of OWH and OWH+Mystery Chronicle crashing in the tutorial 100% of the timeNo way to skipWant to play game, can'tWaiting a few days to see if patched or refundThanks, Spike Chunsoft :("
,Recommended,409000,25494842,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Big Boom Boom,"Walking simulator with dating sim element, and there's a yandere chasing you the entire time."
76561198054496580,Not Recommended,409000,25488557,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,blueleaf,"If the frame-rate were any choppier it would be a food-network cooking show; the frame-rate isn't simply sub-par, it makes the game-border line unplayable. If the developers were be able to fix this big, and a myraid of others (such as towns and dungeons generating outside of the map), the game might be worth a purchase. However, until these fixes are made, it would be wise to pick up the origional title. There is a reason it has a 94% positive review rating.This game is like any other item you'd get at a discount grocer: It's just a re-packaged product you wish was as good as the real thing."
76561198027522161,Recommended,409000,26446732,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Kunsies,I like being right. So my path always lays to the right!
,Not Recommended,409000,32399330,Posted: 13 June,all,Walce Dony,"OWH and OWH+:Menu = GreatMusic = GreatGameplay = GreatCharacters = GreatArt Style = GreatMC: OWHMenu = ScuffedMusic = ScuffedTraps = ScuffedGameplay = ScuffedNew Characters = ScuffedArt style = Alright for some characters, but mainly scuffed both in menu's and charactersAlso they ruined Dosey, one of my favourite characters in the original game. So Dosey = Scuffed2/10 Original was great, this was scuffed.EDIT: Okay, despite every single downside, it is a fun game. But really, just stick with the original.  It's so much better in every way."
,Not Recommended,409000,25487460,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Sinoc229,"EDIT: A kind user on the forums has made a fix for the crashes. It dosn't fix the framerate and infact seems to make the game a tad chunkier, but the game is playable for more than 5 minuets at a time.vdzserver.org/misc/MC_OneWayHeroics.exeOne Way heroics is a fantastic game, and I'm sure this game would be pretty neat too, but the PC port is completly busted. 30 fps lock, crashes every 5 seconds, geting locked into doing the tutorial over and over again, it's a mess.Wait for some patches and then come back."
,Recommended,409000,32661543,Posted: 22 June,all,Maxiusagi,it's addicting
,Recommended,409000,25487624,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ice,A more modern one way heroics
76561198050251802,Not Recommended,409000,25499476,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,fqsh25,Game crashes every time I try to start new quest.
,Recommended,409000,25582823,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Snipr14,Meh
76561198037680270,Recommended,409000,25872137,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Gixkung,still love this series but plz do 60 fps
76561198048823600,Recommended,409000,25491970,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,✰KuroiYami✭,Nice openingNice sub sequelNew journeyBest waifu Dosey confirmed(?)
76561198118060363,Recommended,409000,25494083,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Hell Panda,I love CV in this gamebut.....u know somehow i think memory is really annoying characterjajaja
,Not Recommended,409000,30250221,Posted: 28 February,all,Sanic,30 fps lock and stuttering
76561197989776024,Recommended,409000,25595863,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Chosokabe,"SO much more content than original so many unlockes, tons of gameplay, customizable, really like this game.So many playable characters and many fun playstyles.  more challenging than original (some people are crying about this)Okay I bought it and overall i think some of the concerns people had way overblown and no big deal.1 they said the NPCS the allies etc, were weak and not worth. this is WRONG my Ally NPCS both are SO useful, and do alot of damage on enemies, protect me from backstabs and give me ranged aid, extremely useful, and availabe every world (not mandatory however if you want more challenge, dont want to share XP)2 they said traps were gamebreaking. Traps have put me in only one bad situation and i ahve already played this game 20+ hours. (i hit a slow trap while the demon lord attacked me, but even then smart use of my items I survived) Really the traps are no big deal. IN fact, traps are actually useful sometimes, enemies can activate traps and traps have saved my♥♥♥♥♥from some dangerous enemies many times (some classes can design their own traps too)3 I play on Hard difficulty and beaten the game with every class even the worst calsses in the game roguelikes, not very good at the game.4 I have seen no problems with World generation, and have played several games up until 1000+ kilometers (very long distance)5 30 fps vs 60 fps does not make a big dif to me personally in a turn based game. (yes I know 30 fps is cancer, but really?)6 the game has ALOT more classes than the original and I love it, all with their own playstyles etc, Im having fun unlocking them. some classes are very unique and powerful7 enemies are more varied their Sprites (tilsets) are so good this game and very large and realistic, good animations Many enemies have dangerous abilities and its tons of fun.8 there are a few menu problems (such as not being able to eat directly from the ground) but i expect they wil be fixed9 no performance issues (my PC is not a potato)10 I think the game is overall more challenging than the original, and if you dont know what you are doing then you will have to learn how to deal with situations (what items to keep and toss, when best to use awakening, when to use your class abilities, what perks to take, when to run away ETC)IM loving the game and only thing is I do like the storyline of the original better SO FAR ( these games have a TON of alternate endings secrets, bosses, etc, so i cant judge this yet)def worth my money spent already at 20+ hours on the second day"
76561198004565666,Recommended,409000,26446529,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,brickey.8,"Don't listen to the reviewers syaing this sequel is ruined compared to Plus. Of the added features the only one that actually makes things worse are traps. That's not enough to counteract the wide variety of new classes, new weapon types, new party members, somewhat more varied enemies, and generally increased production values. You're still going to get your money's worth.I highly recommend both this and the original/Plus game for anyone who likes roguelikes."
,Recommended,409000,26529226,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GrehSoul,"I could not name my pirate capTrump Because it considers Trump to be a inapropriate word.i tried Obama incase it was against president namesBut it is just against ""trump""I even tried Rump and that workedHillary lost10/10 Game this is my 45+th speedrun"
,Not Recommended,409000,25500314,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,OxY |,"Congratz Spike Chunsoft, the music sucks, the game feels slow (thanks to the menuing and 30fps lock) and you simply ruined everything that made the original game genuine.Really amazing work!"
76561198020798973,Not Recommended,409000,25492206,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Arize,alway clash everytime when play tutorial. please quickly fix it.
76561198206075107,Not Recommended,409000,25499669,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Chess,"To those who care, this game in frankly not as family friendly as the origonal... It's handling is much worse, some of the controls didn't function, and they haven't held well to the origonal story. No, not worth the extra money from the origonal, and the imodesty was such on one character they included that I could not play the game in good consious had thus have asked a refund. Sad, I was really looking forward to this one being good..."
,Recommended,409000,25603005,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Catfood Hungler Bones,"As promised, I have changed my review to positive. Spike Chunsoft has shown some initiative to fix certain problems with the game, although there are still other issues that may yet go unfixed. Read carefully, and make your own decision.Many of my complaints more directly concern fans of OWH+. Newcomers will not mind most of these things as much, so take it with a grain of salt.To preface, I've spent several hundreds of hours playing both OWH, OWH+, and Mystery Chronicle in both languages.I've already written extensively about the game, however...Let's talk about the (arguably) positive things first, and what I think of them.There's a lot more classes! Unfortunately, the classes are not quite as unique, well thought out, or finely nuanced as before. But they're still fun to play, just not as well balanced.There's new character designs and art for everyone! But I personally preferred Smoking_Wolf's designs. This one is rather subjective.There's new chipsets for all the terrain, and sprites for all the enemies and characters! Except, in my opinion, rather than Smoking_Wolf's handmade sprites, they just look like they came from a tablet port of Final Fantasy. There's nothing exactly wrong with them, however, I just feel that they lack character.There's new music! I prefer the old music. Too bad, I guess.There's voice acting! Except because of this, it causes skipping dialog to take absolutely forever, and hearing your companions cheering (I'm looking at you, Keyton and Nami) gets tiring very quickly. I also don't really value the voice acting all that much to begin with.There's a totally new set of companions! I could go on for a very long time talking about why the companions are worse, but this is meant to be a bullet point review, and a temporary one at that. Suffice to say I have extensively talked about why the new companions are inferior, and why DPS > Utility. Also I don't really like any of them but that's just me I guess.There's twice as many class unlock quests! But they're totally boring as hell and only one of them is even vaguely difficult compared to OWH+'s class unlock quests...There's new weapons! Hey, actually I like this one. The fists and extra weapons in existing categories are pretty okay, boomerangs are unique, (albeit I don't use them because they're inaccurate as hell) and generally speaking they didn't totally ruin the existing balance of the weapons!There are new biomes! The only real caveat I have this time is that Mandragoras totally screw up existing balance and tend to give you way more food than you'll need for the next several hundreds of kilometers.There are new enemies! They're also easily some of the most absolutely horrid things in the game! I'm looking at you, Dullahan.The vast majority of enemies are now able to use abilities at any level! Most of these abilities are either knockback or rotting your equipment. This actually keeps things more interesting, generally, which is good! Mostly.As far as I can remember, that's about all of the new content! With that said...Things that didn't make it into the remake. Take these as you will.The Force Knight class. Some of his things got moved to Astrologist but for the most part he's gone.Dairy cows.Why.Albert.Fairy Iris joining you as a bonus companion.The goddess statues in the castleThe boss timerBeing able to see buildings on the minimapHoly Emperor Souther was in the original version of the remake, but didn't make it to the English release.Gradually progressing rewards from companion skits. For all but a few companions, only the last skit actually gives you any reward.BalanceEverything else is ported over more or less 1:1. There are no new endings compared to OWH+.Now, let's talk about the things that I don't like. This is mostly nitpicks, but I'll try to be short about it.TRAPS! Fundamentally, they're fine, and I think there's a decent idea here, but they completely blew it. Generally speaking, in a lot of cases you can avoid YASDs by being smart and avoiding putting yourself into bad situations. This is good! But there are a few that are just outright poorly designed. Traps are completely invisible until detected, and there is no way to increase your chance to detect or avoid traps by means of item, companion, skill, stat, class, or spell.Landmines ignite bombs and instantly kill all NPCs in a 3x3 radius, including friendly hires.What this means is, basically, in order to minimize your damage, the best course of action is to simply not take advantage of these features of the game at all. This isbad design.Aside from this is sleep traps, which make you lose control of your character for 6 turns, having a chance to wake up every time you get hit. If you're running from something, or step on one of these as approaching a strong enemy, or even a group of weaker enemies, odds are that you will just die on the spot, before you're able to take any actions again. You cannot heal while sleeping, you can't take a debuff cleanser, your allies can't wake you up.There are other things like rust traps that permanently add a debuff to items, or log traps that can push you into instant death pits or lava tiles, too.There's a trap visibility option to augment this now.The hero ticker has been replaced with a twitter feed. Unlike OWH+, this twitter feed doesn't tell you what difficulty someone is on, which companions they have, how much HP/EN they have, whether or not they're using the vault. It doesn't automatically update, and people tend to hesitate to fill their friend's twitter feeds with inane nonsense, so you end up seeing the same few tweets scrolling endlessly, rather than actually feeling like you're making progress with fellow adventurers. It would also seem that the items that ghosts drop are now random, instead of being weighted based on the the parting message of the deceased.The building generation for quests is absolutely awful, and can place required NPCs in a range of mountains on the border of the map, where they're almost impossible to reach.The screen is a few tiles shorter.Perhaps as a side effect of the above point, everything seems harder to come by. Fewer towns, fewer enemies, fewer items, fewer arrows to the point of making bows almost not worth taking most of the time.Many of the Type C skins for each class are actually just recolored NPCs. This is rather lazy.You can't repair things in the dimensional vault. I personally actually don't mind this, as I don't use the thing, but it's kind of ridiculous because it just means people are going to go out of their way to find worlds with black markets so they can stockpile repair scrolls to use for the same purpose.Oddly long loading times, regardless of hardware.Inferior performance. Trying to dash across a long stretch of land takes way longer than it used to.I already actually mentioned this up above as a caveat to the new voices, but skipping dialog takes FOREVER and makes the game incredibly more tedious to play.The readout for status effects is completely useless.And lastly, one last category for things that don't bug me as much personally but are still huge issues for other people.30 FPS capReally, really horrible resolution choicesSome people are reporting crashes or can't play the gameThe hotkey menu and UI in general are significantly worse (I'm used to bad menus.)Controls are always displayed as keyboard even though it's clearly intended for pads.Companion skits are all overly suggestive.This game isnotOWH++, but it's still fun. Make an informed decision."
,Recommended,409000,25496020,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,fri_freeman,"Edit: Actually, I think it's fixed. Before, I can't even watch the opening movie without it turning into some sort of slideshow. It's not as smooth as original OWH, but that's expected I guess, with the added flashyness.So, basically a great update for OWH. Better professional music, graphic, etc. The basic gameplay is basically unchanged, and some might say that the simplicity of the original fits it better, but you can't please everyone....Old review:It hurts me to dislike this. I'm a huge fan of One Way Heroics, it's one of my favourite game of all time. This game is great update for the game. But if the framerate is any lower, it will count as powerpoint presentation. I'm not talking about stupid framerate lock or whatever you call it, the game just randomly run in slideshow speed and it basically ruin the game for me enough that I can't play it.Will update this review if the framerate problem is actually fixed."
,Recommended,409000,35056356,Posted: 18 September,all,ebkdan,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. I can't grasp why this isn't 'overwhelmngly positive'. i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. i will update this later with more detail.
,Recommended,409000,35481231,Posted: 4 October,all,Rezzy,"If you enjoyed One Way Heroics, you'll enjoy this. I'll write a longer review at some point. Some issues I found are a few weird control choices (in trading windows, mostly), and rare cases of a dropped input apparently caused by a FPS lock. Other than that, it's basically OWH but with fancier graphics, new classes, quests and story."
