user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,409450,24384399,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mass Defect,"TL;DR for the Gamers:If you enjoy a good dungeon crawler and games like Wizardry and Dungeon Master (or more recent titles inspired by these classics), but tire of the classic square-dance mechanics of most modern entries into this genre, then you could easily fall in love with the Fall of the Dungeon Guardians.  This game mixes the feel of real-time combat with turn-based strategy through skill queues and a unique pause/play system.  It features an optional slider to customize the battle speed (if you would rather handle party actions in real-time) and in-game pause with a menu full of auto-pause options reminiscent of games like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, and Pillars of Eternity (for those of you who like to crank up the difficulty and sit back to think).  With a variety of races, classes with their own sets of specializations, and the ability to create hybrid specializations, party creation and customization is definitely available here.  Mix these features with auto-attacks, cooldown skills, and a solid threat management system, and you get a highly addictive dungeon crawler that plays like nothing I have ever experienced before.  And, with a variety of difficulty settings covering the spectrum from casual adventurer to die-hard tactician, there is a comfort zone for anyone.TL;DR for the Custom Content Creators:If you have that creative itch for in-depth level design, custom adventures and complex puzzles, look no further.  While the level editor did have some quirks when I began playing around with it, these were addressed almost immediatley by the developer and you can rest assured that any issues you may encounter will be resolved just as quickly.  With features including flexible 3D grid-based mapping with a wide variety of built-in assets, triggers and targets, and items, monsters, and gear that scales to the level of your choosing, the possibilities seem endless.  I would definitely be interested in building a community of content creators for this title and I hope to see you all in the workshop.Story-time:I will tell you a little story.  I like difficult games.  My first play-through of a game is usually on Hard or above (depending on the genre).  So I bought this game last November, installed it and failed at it miserably.  Everything was happening so fast and I didn't really understand the mechanics at the time.  The only thing I knew was that it got my attention.  It got my attention with a sledgehammer to the face.  You see, I have been playing Dungeon Crawlers since the 1980s when I was in grade school.  I played games like Tunnels of Doom, Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord, The Bard's Tale, and over the years many others that followed in the footsteps of these games.I had never played any of the Dungeon Master games or any of the real-time grid-crawlers inspired by that series until I found the game Legend of Grimrock a few years back.  I played the Legend of Grimrock games tirelessly, dancing around monsters and hacking away at them with my party.  Although I enjoyed my time with those games immensely, there was something missing.  The thing I was missing was that classic Wizardry feel.  There was something special about turn-based strategy and that excitement you get when things get crazy and you have to sit there for a few minutes to plan out that ""winning strategy"" and hoping it works the way you think it will.The square-dance action-oriented dungeon crawlers are definitely fun, but they too often feel like a hack, slash, hack, shoot, fire, slash, shoot, ice ... button-masher.  After several months, when I finally mustered the courage to take on this game once more, I took my time trying to understand all the factors in the threat-management system and the basic controls for auto-attacking and cooldowns (sorry, but I don't play MMOs so these concepts are relatively new to me).  Suddenly, I found myself systematically tearing down mobs, micromanaging threat and aggro, and developing strategies for my customized party for those long battles against elites and bosses.It was at this point that I felt it again, that nostalgic feeling I used to get from those old turn-based crawlers, but this time it was different.  Everything was happening in real-time, but I could pause the action at any time to redo my skill queues and rethink strategies, change my characters' targets and quaff potions, and get solid, moment to moment feedback on the threat my characters are generating with their attacks.  Here it was, right in front of my face the whole time, waiting for me to give it a solid chance.  What was it?  It was the game that meshed those 2 very different styles of games into one easy to swallow package.  I had the real-time action that gripped me in LoG mixed with the tactical playstyle from the Wizardry franchise and I wasn't going anywhere for quite a while.Just to think I almost let this title sit in my library collecting dust, simply because I didn't try to understand the mechanics.  I have put quite a few hours into this game now and all those games I picked up during the summer sale are just collecting dust instead, waiting for my time with Fall of the Dungeon Guardians to come to an end.  Secretly, I know this will be in the distant future.  Between the main story campaign and the in-depth map editor, I will be focusing on this one for a long time.Pros:For Gamers:- Tank and Spank playstyle that focuses on strategy, not finger dexterity and click-spamming-  Intricate threat management system that requires lots of attention on higher difficulties-  5 races and 4 character classes with 3 specializations for each class and cross-specialization within each class-  Unique boss fights with their own fight mechanics-  Some puzzles in the main game but not so many that you have to spend hours studying pixels-  Monsters scaled to dungeon level so you should never get that ""walking-simulation feel""-  A ""No Spiders"" workshop mod for the arachnophobes out there-  Targetted loot drops so you will not find bows if you have no archer-  Random loot drops with varying stats so each playthrough doesn't give you the same items-  Options to customize your game experience (difficulty, game flow, auto-mapping, custom key-binding)For Content Creators:-  A highly in-depth editor with SDK mod support for user-created content and workshop mods-  3D dungeon modeling with plenty of built-in assets-  Weapons, armors, and jewelry that can be scaled to a specific level for solid control of loot drops-  Monsters that can be scaled so you can create equally challenging skeleton champions at level 2 and level 13-  A wide variety of triggers and targets for a wide variety of puzzle-builders-  Very fast developer response to in-game editor issues and bug-fixes-  The developer has created triggers and custom variants of in-game assets by requestCons:For Gamers:-  While the story is interesting, this was clearly a game made for mechanics and not story-telling-  You need to understand how the mechanics work or you may need to play on easy difficulties to succeed-  A limited in-game tutorial means you may need to ask questions in the forums to fully understand the battle system-  A lack of character portraits (you can subscribe to a workshop mod that adds a lot more to the pool)-  Until you get a variety of skills, the early-game combat can be a bit repetitive (to make learning easier I suppose)-  A current lack of custom contentFor Content Creators:-  The editor tools can be a bit confusing at first, so you may need to ask around to understand how things work-  There are some quirks in the editor (which the developer is quick to fix if you let him know they exist)-  The top-down, 3D view in the editor takes some getting used to-  Limited copy/paste options"
,Recommended,409450,19515141,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Crawley,"I've been playing grid-based RPG's since the 70's starting with the Wizardy series and this is one of the better ones. This dungeon crawler more akin to games like the original Dungeon Master, Black Crypt, Eye of the Beholder, and more recently Legend of Grimrock.It has all the tropes that those games have but adds two differences. One is a pretty extensive class selection within the tank, healer, mage, and theif roles. Each of those roles has 3 different classes to choose within them and each one has a different ability tree you'll go down. Best yet you can change your class on the fly. So if you find your tank isn't working so well as a Paladin you can just switch over to a Protector class and try that one out.The other difference is the ability to pause combat.Typically in these games all fighting is done in real-time. So you're kiting around the monsters and at the same time trying to trigger attacks or cast spells. It's sometimes difficult work. In Dungeon Guardians you can pause the battle, queue up your attacks/heals and then keep fighting.This actually turns battles more in to toe-to-toe fights where the tank maintaining agro and the healer keeping up with damage is prime importance. But you'll still have instances where you need to menuever out of the way of attacks.There are some other neat innovations with this game too for the genre. Levels will have both mini-bosses and at the very end of them regular bosses. The boss battles, particularly the ones at the end of the level, are all pretty unique and require different tactics to complete. Thankfully your party will offer up some helpful advice for how the battle might go so you can plan ahead - or you can skip those conversations and go in blind. I have to say the boss battles were all a lot of fun.As you go through the games 20 levels you're introduced to new monsters each level which keeps things fresh. And every 3 or so levels new tile sets. You'll also start the levels with a blank map. But in each level you can find a map that will fill in automatically. If you really hunt around you can find a second map on the level which will show the entire map, including all the secret areas - although getting in to those secret areas can sometimes be difficult to figure out even when you know where they are.Each level usually has one big puzzle to solve. These are totally skippable but if you figuring them out you'll be rewarded with some Epic or sometimes Legendary gear that will really help your characters. I for one loved solving the puzzles. Most were pretty creative so we pretty happy when I would find the puzzle room.The story for the game is somewhat throwaway but I loved the bantering the party does at the start of each level and before the boss battles. It did help to add some flavor to what would normally be generic party members.The game took me 56 hrs to complete and that was being somewhat of a stickler at trying to find all the hidden areas and solving the optional puzzles. I was really happy with the game overall it's one of the better ones in this dungeon crawler genre. I look forward to the next one."
,Recommended,409450,18946433,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,raixel,"TLDR: If you like dungeon crawlers (as I do) this one is totally worth picking up. Its not as much of a masterpiece as Dungeon Master or Legend of Grimrock, but its still really good.The plot - its your first day as a guard at a dungeon where the worlds worst inmates are kept. Theres a brief intro, during which you can create a character as you go down the elevator to your post, talking to a trustee of some kind. You can also skip the intro, and after viewing it once, Id recommend you skip it as you get much more control over the initial character's (the one that's ""you"") creation that way. Of course, something goes horribly wrong once you settle into your bunk for the night...First day on the job and something has happened. All the prisoners were let out and have fled into the tunnels around the dungeon complex. The fat a**hole warden assigns you to go get them back, along with 3 other guards. The dungeon must be attached to Undermountain or something...because the starting intro looks like you're going down into Black Mesa and this place is HUGE. Who goes ""yeah, lets build a dungeon with the worlds worst criminals next to tunnels into god knows where"". Apparently, these guys.You have 4 char slots to fill, a tank, a healer, and two damagers. The races are basic fantasy, human, dwarf, elf, dark elf, and halfling. Theres also 4 classes Warrior, mage, healer and rogue. However, each class has 3 subclasses, which provides a slightly different take on that type of class. For instance, a healer Druid relies on strong HoT spells, a Priest has instant but weaker straigh heals and protection spells and a healer Necromancer's skills rely on pulling health from the enemy to heal. The subclass options are really cool. I like all the different options, theres pretty much a party for every playstyle.One thing I really like is the Duelist - a Rogue tank that relies on speed and quickness to avoid being hit along with ""threat boosting"" techniques to tank. Thats way cooler than your stereotypical ""brick in platemail"" tank.Combat can be confusing at first but is cool once you get the hang of it. Space pauses, like Baldur's Gate, and you can queue up to 3 abilities per party member. You can pause at any time, which is great and avoids the step dance annoyance of games like LoG (a great dungeon crawler in its own right). Abilities run on cooldowns like WoW or Diablo, and as your characters level, you get to choose talents from a talent tree to improve your arsenal of abilities. I just wish that when targeting enemies, the ""red aura"" around the enemy to show they are targeted was a different color for each player and appeared every time you paused. Its annoying to have to remember who was attacking where in the heat of battle, as all that it shows is a red glow over the enemy being targetted..Graphics are good for the genre,  and sounds are your typical dungeon noises, bumps, sword clangs, spells firing grunts and so on. The writing isnt great, but Ive seen much worse. Hey, at least your characters talk amongst themselves, and really, people dont play dungeon crawlers for the dialogue. Its servicable, and (IMHO) its much better than crawlers with no dialogue at all.This is a solid dungeon crawler, and Id recommend it for any fans of the genre. I love grid based realtime dungeon crawlers, and there hasnt been much decent to speak of lately in the genre besides the two LoGs. This one is totally worth it, and I love the addition of the ""action pause"" combat. I dont know how many times I got frustrated by LoG/LoG II because my disability prevented me from playing in realtime as smoothly as the game wanted me to, THotDG solves all that"
,Recommended,409450,18968065,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,fR0z3n.s0u1,"TL;DR section: Wizardry, Eye of the Beholder, Dungeon Master, the new Legend of Grimrock. Rings a bell? Stirs some memories? Pick it up immediately. Otherwise read on.Note: This review has been reviewed (ugh...) after completing the game on Mercenary difficulty. The time recorded was not all spent on the game, but I'd say it took me about 60 hours in total. Due to the difficulty setting, a fair number of save/loads were needed.Aside from the usual aspects of grid-based dungeon crawler, the game is... weird. In an interesting way.Let me say it first, some people compare this to Legend of Grimrock - and they're not exactly right. The look and feel are rather similar, but combat mechanics here are ways deeper. The puzzles here are a lot clearer (exactly as they should be by my impression) as well.You feel like you're in control of a party of newbs just jumped out of World of Warcraft and into some outworldly multi-tiered dungeon. But you have to control all four of them alone. And that's where the ultimate use of a tactical pause comes very handy.The balance overall feels very fine, your DD have to manage aggro carefully, and your healer has to conserve mana (unless you run with a druid). The balance of specializations looks a tiny bit off to me at the moment but respec feature comes very handy (albeit way too limited to really employ it as a way to modify tactics on the fly).There's no front or back row (oh thank God for that), but as such there's no way to save your casters' arses other than careful aggro management.The mapping feature is totally awesome. When you first enter the level, you have no way to map it. When you find the first map of the level, you get an automap showing where you've been up to the point. And with the second map (usually pretty well hidden, and not on every level) comes the full map with all secrets revealed. But it's totally your choice if you want to pick up one or both of them.Ah yes, the loot is randomized, but not totally. You will always get items fitting your charaters in their current specs (but the questions of usefulnesss still stands). The best loot (Epic and Legendary) is always hidden from plain sight. The best possible dropped loot is Rare.Overall, I totally recommend this game to dungeon crawler fans,I only wish the dev opened up respec for free (at least on harder difficulties where it is a necessity sometimes). And please, disable respec in mid-fight :) It feels a bit strange switching your tank and DD roles in the midst of a heated bossfight."
,Recommended,409450,22189537,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Grundlehair,"Dungeon Master / Eye of the Beholder / Legend of Grimrock dungeon crawl, but with pausable tank/healer/damage based combat mechanics replacing the real time ""square dance"" action combat of those titles.  So far I love it.I'm a classic cRPG fan going all the way back to Wizardry.  I love the aforementioned games, but I'm an old fart that doesn't fancy real time combat.  Wizardry's ""choose your actions up front, then watch the turn unfold"" is probably my favorite of all time...it combined turn based mechanics while adding a little bit of unpredictable chaos by not having direct control of each action sequentially.    I can handle square-dance RT combat  (played Grimrock on Hard & Old-school with my graph paper and colored pencils), but turn-based is what I prefer.FDG is a great compromise between the two.  Has the ""feel"" of EoB without the silly square-dance routine that quite frankly never made any sense in an RPG anyway.  The ""wow"" style combat is actually more interesting as a pausable single-player experience than it's ever been in multiplayer for me. It gives the same feel of planning your moves and managing the party as a TB game, while the queueing of actions and watching it play out until you need to intervene helps keep things moving along at a rapid clip for those that might not have the patience for a tranditional TB system.Note to people who are real-time square dance fans: this is NOT an option in this game.  The WoW-style combat is NOT optional.  Resetting ability timers during movement prevent you from using this tactic.  Do NOT buy this game if you want to ""stick and move"" around your foes, you'll be upset.  Other than the strategically placed ""dodge"" of a special boss ability here and there, you'll be standing toe-to-toe using your tank/healer/damage skills to figure out the ""puzzle"" of defeating each particular enemy.Bottom line, it's Eye of the Beholder with pausable WoW combat, and it does exactly that with great success.  If that sounds good to you, you'll love it.  If either Tank/Healer/Damage combat OR the inability to ""square dance"" your way through battles sounds annoying or stupid to you, you'll hate it."
76561198055798522,Recommended,409450,25254206,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,fershidb,"The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians!The title made me curious, the gameplay videos were really interesting, but... Grid based movement? Reminds me of the early days of dungeon crawling. 4 Characters? Yeah, sure! 4 classes? Tank, Cleric, 2 Damage Dealers... Been there, done that! Active pause? I like that... gives you time to think of your next move. 30+ hours of gameplay? Is that all? Gimme a break!THIS GAME IS SELLING ITSELF SHORT!I got 261, exquisite hours out of it and it left me crying for more.They didn't tell me anything about the inovative interface... the mind-boggling puzzles, the interminable boss battles, the unending treasure hunt, the amazing graphics... those monsters, they really fight you and when you, finally, better them, I love the way they curl up and die. Gives you a real sense of accomplishment!'Nuff said about the game, 'cause here is the best part. It is a hard, hard game and you will be stuck a lot of the time. But, the guy who developed it (he's like a one-man-show), never sleeps! He's online 24/7 (a slight exageration, but only slight)... he walked me through every difficult situation. Whatta Mensch!So, BUY THIS GAME, now! You'll never regret it!"
76561198024587625,Recommended,409450,31912202,Posted: 22 May,all,skipjack,"""The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians"" is a ""dungeon crawler"" similar to genre classics like ""Dungeon Master"", the ""Eye Of the Beholder"" series and the more recent revival ""Legend Of Grimrock"". As such, levels are divided in squares and the party can only move from one square to the next. What sets this game IMHO apart from its genre colleagues is that the combat, while generally real time can be paused at any time (even automatically) to let the player give directions to each party member. The actions can queued (max 3 in queue). That give a slightly more strategic component to combat.The game is very polished and the support by the developer is absolutely fantastic!The graphics are good, though not outstanding. The level design is excellent. The puzzles are great. There is lots of loot and secrets to discover. The story is a bit low key, but that is OK. Overall a great game that I can highly recommend to anyone."
76561197997036935,Recommended,409450,23630554,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,rjafarrow,"I first got this game as I liked the looks of the fight mechanics.  While they were good I did not like being forced to find a map before you could automap my intrest is in character development rather then spending time going round in circles so I did not get into the game.Coming back to the game though the developers have made so many changes, including the mapping that has ended up making this game one of the best rpgs I have played in thirty years.What this game offers that I have not found in other RPGs:1.  In depth character customisation.  For each class you can disign different hybridisations in order to not only have synergy between the different party members but also a different playstyle.2.  Variety in skills.  Many games are limited to classes only having a couple of skills used over and over again but this one you can end up with about 10 for each party member all of which will have good use throughout the game.3.  Interesting fight mechanics.  I have mainly been playing the game on the easiest setting just to speed up things but as soon as I encounter a new mob, an elite or a boss I have changed the setting to the highest difficulty just to see how my skill choices are working out and to enjoy the new mechanics of the fights.4.  Customisation.  As shown in point 3 the game offers you the choice of how you want to play and when.  For me what makes a game good is having as many options as possible.  Not only does that mean you don't have to play as hard core or easy as other people like to play but also you can play as you feel at the time, which can change.  This game lets you change a lot of the gameplay to suit yourself and also alows you to do so at any time meaning you are not stuck with your original choices.By and large a lot of the game is generic in gameplay but I feel the developers have focused on the above points to make this game unique.  Admitedly the skills are not 100% new, I know exactly where the insperation for some came from and the loot could be made a little bit more interesting but other then that it is a very good RPG game.If, like me, you enjoy playing around with different class abilities in order to try out new strategies to tackle bosses with interesting fight mechanics then I highly recomend this game.What I am most impressed with is the developer work since release.  This can be seen by the changes made since the game first came out and the fact that within half an hour of posting a bug the post was replied to and a fix was issued.This impressed me so much I had to write my first review after decades of gaming so please forgive me if it is a tad verbose.tl,dr: great class customisation, boss mechanics, loads of gameplay options and amazing developer support, a very good and unique rpg game."
76561198097716715,Recommended,409450,29515281,Posted: 26 January,all,Ichthyic,"I tried all the indie developed dungeon crawlers on Steam.  This... by far and away.. is the best of them.  The attention to detail is astounding.  Level design is excellent, with good use of architecutural features both to add nuance and to hide secret buttons and levers.  The artwork is good, the animations are good, the lighting is good.The game is entirely customizable, with SEVEN different difficulty levels, and if that wasn't enough, you can even customize the difficulty to your liking!The UI is sreamilined, effective, and again, fully customizable.  You can move and resize every element of it.  There's even a customizable data tracker to keep track of all your statistics, from who dealt the most damage in the last combat, to who did the most healing, or, don't track it at all and simply hide the display!Framerates are good throughout, never dropping below 60 on my average macine.There's banter between party members, usually just for a bit of color on entering a new level, or before a boss fight.  Some of the boss fights will challenge you; you really have to understand the mechanics and pacing to survive them on the harder difficulties.and, the icing on the cake... the game is almost entirely controlled by simple ini files, that you can edit in any text editor and make mods out of.  Or, you can make your own levels with the map editor!!I have seen AAA games that have HALF the features of this game, and it's just... one... person!If you like first person dungeon crawlers, if you liked Dungeon Master, or Wizardry, or Legend of Grimrock... BUY THIS GAME."
76561197999904169,Recommended,409450,33441301,Posted: 10 July,all,Atum Hadu,"The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians breathes new life into the dungeon crawler genre by combining the mood and atmosphere of classic crawlers with a combat system reminiscent of games like WoW, Rift, and the Dragon Age series.The result is a dungeon crawler with something the genre's never really had before -- dynamic, fast-paced combat that requires strategy and tactical adaptation, instead of the usual perfunctory attack and spell spam. In other words, combat is fun!At first the game looks like standard dungeon crawler fare, and superficially the first few levels are reminiscent of Legend of Grimrock, with moss and ivy-covered hallways, portcullis barriers, levers, pressure plates and hidden treasures. But it becomes apparent early on that this is not Grimrock -- the puzzles are challenging but not obtuse, and there's always a logic to them that reveals itself if you look at them the right way. Unlike Grimrock, FotDG doesn't ask you to go pixel hunting, but there are still plenty of secrets, cleverly hidden items, and areas you can access only after unlocking them.FotDG's strengths aren't limited to combat, boss battles and smart level design -- the game is exceptionally well-balanced despite providing three full talent trees chock full of abilities and enhancements for each class. It does a fantastic job of keeping you in the sweet spot where mobs and bosses are challenging -- no steamrolling and no feeling helpless during tough boss encounters either.That balance is helped along by an intuitive gear and upgrade system with strong itemization for each class of character. FotDG uses the familiar green/blue/purple system to denote uncommon/rare/epic quality, items are either cloth, leather or plate, and the stat bonuses are self-explanatory.Players who are coming from a traditional dungeon crawler background might need a short adjustment period to understand things like global cooldowns, talent trees, spell/ability rotations and the concept of aggro in real-time battles, but the combat system will be instantly familiar to anyone who's ever played MMOs or modern RPGs.While FotDG puts you in command of an entire party of four, and you're responsible for managing the abilities and cooldowns of those characters, the combat features a pause button that allows you to stop, issue orders and queue spells/abilities, just like the Dragon Age games. It's a nice blend of features that combines the immediacy of real time with the tactical depth of more complex encounters.I can't recommend this game enough, for fans of dungeon crawlers as well as fans of RPGs!"
76561197997753397,Recommended,409450,20295793,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,worlok777,"If you like grid based dungeon crawlers, then this game is a worthy entry, took me 63 hrs to complete and any game that can hold my attention for more than 50 hrs i consider worth playing. the graphics are very nice the char models are very well done. I also liked the fact that each lvl was solveable on that lvl, in other words you do not have to go up and down the lvls to progress onwards. combat can be as hard or as easy as you want it to be by altering the options in the game menu. all in all a game well worth  the money in my view."
76561198001455212,Recommended,409450,19832579,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MardoG,"Great grid based dungeon crawler with an old school look but fresh new ideas.The game emphasizes more combat than riddles unlike for example Legends of Grimmrock. The combat system is a well known formula of a tank, dps and healer usual for MMORPGs. The game allows you to pause during the combat and issue orders. When playing on higher difficulty lvl the game is really challenging and forces you to time skills properly otherwise you will end up dead. There are puzzles and secrets as well but usualy they are easy to solve.I definitely recommend this game to everyone who likes this kind of rpg and bit of a challenge."
76561198026427823,Recommended,409450,20719062,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dogtown1,"at the time of this review I'm 6 hours in and on the 2nd levelI'll add to this when I finishso far this game is exactly what I was looking foreasy puzzlesnice graphicstons of combatdark scary dungeonsI played grimrock and I did not like the active dodge and move combat in that game, plus the puzzles were over the top and to oftenmight and magic X legacy was just all badthis game has lots of loot, a very active dev in the forums that works with player ideas, and an editor if you want to create your own dungeonswell worth 20 bucks**Update**40 hours in and I'm not even halfwaythis game is huge, and I'm very happy with the variety of enemies(its gettin tougher)"
76561198144434571,Recommended,409450,31961817,Posted: 25 May,all,Worgi,"I had my doubts when I began to play this game that I will get bored really fast. The combat system, altough generally simple and easy to understand, wasn't relly to my preferences and i felt that battles are taking too much time. But then developers intoduced Low Enemy Density Mode that hugely reduces number of enemies. Since that I almost couldn't stop playing. Game proved to be a challange even on the ""Normal"" difficulty I was playing I had to think how to approach enemies, especially bosses, and I belive harder difficulty settings would suit every person that likes this fighting system more than I do, and that easier difficulties would be perfect for people only wanting to explore and enjoy the story. Since I spoke of story - it's basiclly what we hear at the very beginning, a hunt for 15 escaped prisoners, but it does have some surprisng twists and is easy to get dragged into. I really enjoyed dialouges between my 4 heroes, especially tips they were giving me about bosses (that can be skipped to experiment with mechanics on your own) but I feel there should be a bit more of them since there were some periods with extended silence. The Dungeon layout is really well thought with a bunch of secret rooms and side puzzles that are challenging but don't require you to think about them for hours. I especially enjoyed the Treasure Hunt - a riddle side quest that lasted whole game and required me to backtrack a lot of times which thankfully wasn't irritating due to huge number of conviniently placed shotcuts that could be unlocked after beating the level. There are several enviroments in the game, each with it's own music that builds a good atmosphere and fitting set of enemies, however overall I felt some transitions between them were a bit weird. As I mentioned music or maybe rather ambience was really fitting but I wish there were some more epic tracks during boss fights. I would really recommend this game to everyone since it can be adjusted to fit everyones needs and it's really enjoyable to play - I will definetely replay it after some time."
,Recommended,409450,32527369,Posted: 17 June,all,Blarespace,"This is Ledgend of Grimmrock but without the puzzles. If you liked LOGR but wanted more fighting and less time spent trying to figure out puzzles, this is what you've been waiting for. The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians is an exploration and fighting based dungeon crawler. What's not to love?"
76561197990070543,Recommended,409450,20485579,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,sharpy,Its a good game. As a huge fan of the old Dungeon Master & Chaos Strikes Back games i like this type of game and i must admit i did put in a few thousand hours in to WoW. This game is thier love child. Take the general gameplay of DM and add in the skill trees and the ability to look around in a more 3d like environment and this is what you get. The addition of being able to stop time and stack up to three commends for each of your four man party means you dont get swamped trying to comtrol four characters in a battle. The boss fights make this even more important due to another WoW like idea of boss special tactics. Watch for the bosses special attacks and either counter them or get out of the way.My only very minor annoyance is that i turned on a lot of the auto pause features for my first try as i expected to be swamped and need the help but i just end up looking at it and wondering why its paused this time? Either i'm missing something obvious or it might just be better to only enable the more important options so its a little less confusing. Or add a little message at the side saying why it auto paused.Anyway thats seriously minor and overall a very enjoyable game so far.
,Recommended,409450,20772847,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Esg,"Fun game, lots to explore and lots of options to adjust diffuclty to your own liking (automapping (reveals what you explored, not entire floor) as well as combat.  Can design your own party and reroll your specs very easily.  Lots of puzzles and secrets to find, and if you find both maps on a floor (not al floors have them) it shows you the entire level.  Overall for buying it on sale and getting ~57 hours of playtime im very satisfied, the dev also responds very quickly to any issues if you post them on the steam forum."
76561197972142700,Recommended,409450,20636846,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Arthy,"I like the concept, the art, etc... but one thing that kills it for me is the lack of goals or quests. Dungeon crwaling is fine, but without a goal, it feels like grinding to me. I loved Legend of Grimmlock 2 because it had some great quests and therefore you were always looking at what you needed to do next. Killing mobs had a goal other than getting more loot or getting to the next level. Aagain, I like this game, but I wish it had a better ""story"" and quests."
,Recommended,409450,32154914,Posted: 3 June,all,Vaelund,"Really nice game. Absolute must have for fans of classic dungeon crawlers.Also the developer is very active in the community, and reacts quickly and friendly to comments and questions."
,Recommended,409450,24744495,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Silt,"This game is great!  It's like old school Might & Magic had a child with WoW.  Great old-school first person dungeon crawling with modern character building talent trees.  The level design and atmosphere is fantastic, the loot plentiful, and the puzzles won't keep you from finishing the game (they mostly give more loot).  There are plenty of ways to build/specialize your characters (a party of 4).  Combat isn't square dancing like the Grimrock games, though some movement/positioning is necessary and each boss mob has their own unique attacks.  Note:  You need to figure out how combat/aggro works  before just giving up on the game.  Once you ""get"" the combat, the game is a blast.  One of my favorite the past few years and hope there is a sequel.  Can't say enough good things about this game. A must-play for any fan of the genre.Edit to add:  While the combat is real time with pause, there is an optional combat slider so you can slow the combat speed down, which should appeal to the turn-based fans.  Also, I recommend turning on the option to make dropped items sparkle so they are easier to see."
76561198035698061,Recommended,409450,24382570,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,JFarthing,"Take Legend of Grimrock, tone the square dancing and puzzles waaay down, add actual character development options and role-based combat mechanics. If you're number-crunching power gamer that loves dungeons and getting your $^% handed to you, this is an easy pick.In any case, as a lover of dungeon crawlers, this game is ridiculously underrated. It's the first one I've ever played where I can just worry about how hard I'm smashing enemies and not about where the obscured secret button is to progress in the game."
76561198013317980,Recommended,409450,24496346,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,themastertrevor,"This is my first First-Person Dungeon Crawler and holy SH!T is it a ton of fun. The controls take some getting used to (it's like tank controls but on WADS or the num pad. It's not bad but it definitly takes some adjustment. The graphics are lovely (for unity anyways) very atmospheric and engrossing. The audio is noteworthy, I've been playing w/ headphones in and the volume cranked and it's definitly a stressful, scary, intimidating experience roaming this dungeon w/ such quallity sounds creeping down my neck. Blegh, I just creeped my self out remembering. Most excellent. The gameplay is slow by modern standards (interactions are inherrently awkward) but it's fully functionnal and easy to adjust too. Much easier than the movement controls. I highly reccomend playing this. I'm having a really good time playing it. It's definitly sucking me in. I know understand why people play and like the genera of game. Hooray!"
,Recommended,409450,29832455,Posted: 10 February,all,Revisor,"A competent dungeon crawler with emphasis on combat instead of puzzles.The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians is a competent dungeon crawler. In comparison to Legend of Grimrock, which has revived the genre, there is much more combat and fewer puzzles here. The combat, from what I understand, apes MMORPGs. You have a tank, who should bear the brunt of enemies' attacks, a healer who keeps the tank alive, and two damage dealers who try to kill the opponents before they kill the tank and, inevitably, all other party members.ProsNo clumsy dancing around the enemies. You can move during combat, but the enemies move with you. Stand your ground and fight with what you have.No illogical secrets. Secrets either taunt you and are visible somehow, or they are located in blind alleys.Many friendly affordances in the user interface. You can adjust almost anything, disable some icons, enable auto-targeting, auto-pausing etc.ConsLevel progression and skill unlocks are slowThe loot is randomly generated and often boring.The combat is very samey. Except against bosses, with normal enemies you'll repeat the same pattern over and overUltimately your enjoyment of the game will depend on whether you like the combat, because there's a lot and lot of it. It's not a bad game and if you like dungeon crawlers, I recommend trying it out.Personally, however, I managed to get only as far as level 6 out of 20 when the slow progression, the repetitiveness of the combat and useless loot made me quit. Still the first hours were enjoyable."
76561198009468084,Recommended,409450,23475647,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Luqe,"this is actually alot of fun, challenging on the right difficulty, exploration can prove frustrating at first but it's a rewarding part of the game. boss fights are innovative enough, tank healer system is in there to help but hard to balance in order to maintain aggro, that's where the item management has an important role. Spells are also heavily inspired from WoW.check out a little guide before if you want to try it.it's like ""Legends of Grimrock"", but without the lame tile dancing. you don't have to touch keyboard in fights (well just the pause button).it's like Might & Magic without being turn based. you queue actions and they get executed on their cooldown paired with an extra Global Cooldown, giving a bit more debth : to properly manage aggro.Unique system : on each level you can find 1 map to enable Auto-mapping and mark where you have been, and a second map to show you the entire level, including secrets. Doors are drawn differently when they're open or closed."
76561198006298114,Recommended,409450,20598848,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kod666,A good classic dungeon crawler.
76561198008430019,Recommended,409450,21844946,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,gold_masque,"Probably time to review this game as I have been playing it for awhile now. I am nearly at the end.The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians is an excellent interpretation of the good old dungeoneering concept - the dungeon crawler; with the added feature of highly strategic combat and something called ""threat level"" to keep enemies distracted while the rest of the party moves in to defeat them. This makes for a very challenging experience. If you are familiar with the old classics - Stonkeep/DM/DM2/Chaos Strikes Back/MM/Black Crypt/EOB, and more recently Grimrock, etc - you might want to give this one a chance. Just dont go expecting it is like those games - it is and yet it is not. It is its own.Without a doubt, when you figure out the combat mechanics, and how timing plays a critical role in all this, the game truly opens up. This is how it was for me. I played warrior difficulty about halfway through the game but then lowered it because it became frustrating - nothing wrong with the game, just my personal playstyle. I dare say Dungeon Guardians is one of the better games of this genre that I have played since the glorious 80:s. At the discussions forum there are also tips for new player, in regards to how combat works etc.Many classes to choose from and oportunities to spread skillpoints across skilltrees to customise characters and talents (there is also the option to reroll points at later stages in the game, if you are unhappy with current choices). Numerous opponents and monsters to test your abilities and lots of loot to improve your stats.Other pros: Nice gfx, steam workshop for modifications, and a very responsive developer if you have questions.Some other things I liked about this game: characters sometimes have short conversations or comment on whats going on, ocassionally they give you tips before a bossfight you may or may not want to heed - good for immersion as you head deeper into this huge dungeon. Also, the fact that you have find the maps before you can actually see where you are at, that makes it more challenging (you usually have to work hard to get that precious automap, both of them, particularly at the lower levels!) Inventory is shared between characters in your party rather that each having their own.The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians is not original or good because it happens to be a dungeon crawler, its a highly likeable, enjoyable and addictive experience mostly due to its detailed execution - the polished touches addes by its creator/developer - and the fact that it simply happens to be a fun game overall, irrespective of genres. It could have been called Milkshake for all I care.Plus - its the only game I have ever been attacked by something called a ""Hell Mushroom"". Will we see them in the sequel, I wonder? Perhaps there will shall see an achievement for defeating such an abomination!"
,Recommended,409450,18964907,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,TripSin,"Have been pretty addicted to this for the last couple days. Now at about 31 hours played and it only came out like 3 days ago or so. The game is similar to Legends of Grimrock, but also significantly different. There's more emphasis on combat, where the combat takes on the more staple tank/heal/dps team, than on puzzles - but that's not to say there aren't puzzles. It does a number of things better than LoG. It's not without some shortcomings, but the dev is in the Steam forums quite a bit and seems very receptive to feedback.Overall, if you're a fan of the genre, I believe you will most probably enjoy this one."
76561198008258575,Recommended,409450,24067943,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gen Shishio,"SUMMARYFun, tactical dungeon crawler. Differentiates itself with it's tactical combat. Highly recommended for fans of the genre or RPG enthusiasts.PROS*Great tactical combat, it's real-time but you can pause any time and queue up to 3 commands to each party member. *Combats are tightly balanced on the middle difficulty level (I haven't tried the easier or harder difficulties yet) and you can't auto-pilot through them. You'll need to think and plan a bit.*12 different classes plus the ability to buy skills in other classes skill trees offers solid replayability.*Levels are large and reasonably complex. each level is taking me about 90-120 minutes to 'clear'.*Good options for fine-tuning. The difficulty slider has like eight settings and you can also turn on ""helpers"" such as item highlight and automap from start (otherwise you have to find a physical map hidden on each level). I enjoy hunting for the map on each level, but it's nice that the developer included an option for those who may not like doing so.*Runs fine on my older PC even on the 'fantastic' graphics setting.CONS*'Fantastic' graphics are actually just good to fair. Nothing to complain about, but nothing to do a cartwheel over either.*Targeting is not intuitive. I wish it was easier to pick targets for each party member and see what each of my 4 members had as their current target.*Highlights in combat are meh. In order to see which party member is targetted by a monster you need to mouse over them and the color of the highlight around the monster tells you that party members threat-level. The highlights are not the easiest thing to seeand sometimesI have a hard time telling if monsters in the back row have my tank targeted or not. I'd wish this information was conveyed more effectively.EDIT: If a character is targeted the frame around their portrait is red, this is easier to see then the highlights on the enemies.*The artwork for the character portraits is limited. I don't mind the style, but there could be more to choose from. It would have been nice to be able to import my own.EDIT: It's easy to swap or add portraits with the Modding SDK.OTHERThe game seems to borrow a few ideas from World of Warcraft. Some of the classes and abilities are reminiscent of WoW and the game uses the tank-healer-DPS model that many MMOs have. If you've never played one of these MMOs it may take some getting used to; the concept is a bit different than other dungeon crawls such as Grimrock or the venerable Eye of the Beholder. Personally, I think it works really well and lends the game a unique twist."
76561198014845151,Recommended,409450,22072902,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ruien,"Just finished the game. Was one of the best dungeon crawl games I have ever played.  It is challenging and will hurt a few egos but if you stick with it, the last 3/4 of the game will give you hours and hours of good gaming. This is not to say the 1st 1/4 of the game is bad but for most people will be a stiff learning curve.9/10 because no game deserves a 10."
,Recommended,409450,23124862,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Farshad,"This game is the most configurable game I've ever seen and looking through the reviews, the developer(s?) are exceptionally responsive both in the form of replies and actually doing something about what people have complaigned about.So... you basically play the game they way you'd like by configuring it, so ignore all the complaints... they've been addressed, you can change them to fit your style.That all said, since I'm also playing Grimrock 1 and 2 right now, it does not at all have the same combat feel.  Doesn't mean it's worse, depending on your preferences, this could be fantastic.  It's just different.  I'd say this allows you to have FAR more old fashioned battles by allowing you to stop the game or set combat speed (0 to 100%).I love the developers, every company and game development group should be like this!!!"
76561197962499822,Recommended,409450,24708039,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,2fn,"If you loved Legend of Grimrock, you will fall in love this with this game. Nothing else to add really."
76561197970538156,Recommended,409450,28302982,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,plasmajam,"To me, the atmosphere is very good. I can tell you my blood froze in my veins more than once. The combat was new and I am on the fence as to whether It is good or bad, so I'll say ""It's OK and I guess it works"". The combat system is not a gamebreaker for me. The sound effects are spooky as heck and appropriate for the setting. Models are very well done and, again, are spooky enough for me to really think about if I want to see what's around the next corner. I've played everything from Eye of the Beholder to Black Crypt to Grimrock and a whole bunch of similar games in between. So far, I would recommend this game to a friend, but without a proclaimation of, ""Man! You gotta play this game!"" I would say, ""Hey, you wanna watch me play this game and see if you like it?""EDIT: The developer responded to my review and gave me some info to possibly improve my game experience. I am happy to see a developer who takes the time to respond to players of their game and any issues they may have. In my mind, this bodes well for this game and I will modify my review accordingly, after following the developer's suggestions."
76561198013789779,Recommended,409450,25901096,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Level 1 Commoner,"I tried really hard to get into Legend of Grimrock 1 & 2 but  they were too much focussed on puzzles while combat was on the backburner. This game reverses the combat/puzzle ratio while using a similar look and I really like that. Add a highly active and responsive dev, good customizability and surprisingly deep game mechanics and you get a clear thumbs up from me.There are some things potential buyers should be aware of that might not be to their liking (although I like all of them in this particular case):1. The game has a free pause system and ability queues but it is not turn-based and it will probably never be.2. The game uses the mmo trinity setup of tank/dps/healer. This can easily mess up a single player game for some people but it is mechanically very well implemented and the threat mechanic does actually work properly in this game.3. There is almost no story to be found and the game doesn't even try to pretend that their is much more than ""beat those guys up. they're evil. now shut up."" But this is actually a plus for me since I got burned by several overly wordy Planescape: Torment wannabes that fall flat in their aspirations."
,Recommended,409450,18917874,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Narnach,"If you have just watched the Steam preview videos and are wondering if the game is any fun... it is!Build a party of four, go explore, kill things, gather loot. Everything is set on a grid, but the game plays in real-time, though you can pause it at any time by hitting space. In combat this is more or less a requirement to keep track of what's happening.I'm playing on Warrior difficulty (1 up from default), and there you really have to pick your battles. If you just burst into a room and charge the first monsters you see, chances are that you will get flanked by another patrol. Elite and Boss monsters really require some thought into how to counter their special moves.There are 12 classes in the game, with 3 variations of 4 base classes: Warrior, Rogue, Cleric and Mage. Each class has a primary role in the party: the Tank-Healer-Damage trinity, though each class has different skills that can change how they fulfill their role. A Ranger is pretty good at dealing ranged damage to a single target, while a Man-At-Arms might be better at dealing melee damage to a group, and a Warlock is has more of a focus on weaking enemies with damage over time.I like that there are some interesting class choices. For example: the healer in my party is a Necromancer, who suck the life out of his enemies to heal his allies.For a game that was just released and developed by a single person, I am impressed with how well done and stable it is.I've recorded some gameplay footage of the early game to show what the game is about:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdljYIBwo7wUpdate 1, 3 weeks after my initial review: the developer has done a great job supporting the game after release. Bugs and balance issues have been resolved, and a lot of nice quality of life features have been added.Update 2, another 3 weeks have passed: I have reached dungeon level 6, and the level design is still varied, with every level ""feeling"" different from the previous one. Every level adds a few new monsters to the roster, slowly increasing the variety and complexity of combat encounters. The game has definitely increased in difficulty, making it a pretty good challenge on Warrior difficulty (1 up from normal)."
76561197972300715,Recommended,409450,22654125,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Novas,"Cool game that is a combo of the VERY OLD Eye Of the Beholder dungeon crawler, with WoW style classes/skill trees, and WoW/Diablo style loot!"
76561198032408846,Recommended,409450,23157541,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,afourthofpizza,"Super fun and I love th skill tree system.Only reason why I'm not going to put more hours into the game: It's honestly too much to micromanage 4 characters (especially when a 20 second buff is ""long"" in the game) in real time and pausing/unpausing makes the gameplay too choppy.If there were simple AI or AI scripts we could make, then that would be a real game changer for me :-)"
76561197988503776,Recommended,409450,23188933,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,skalla99,"Enjoyable and not too serious. Good dungeon crawler, graphics are also not too shabby. Combat takes some getting used to, definitely a bit more involved than button mashing say in Dungeon Master or Eye of the Beholder, I find it to be a welcome change. One of the better purchases I have made on Steam."
76561198056682064,Recommended,409450,21870936,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,theskinsurf,"this game is awesome! like grimrock with a unique, meditative twist to the combat. a few hours in and I'm definitely hooked, and already thinking about what kind of party I'd use on a subsequent playthrough. great job devs, this one came out of nowhere for me. super pleased with the amount of quality RPGs coming out of tiny studios lately."
76561198084006548,Recommended,409450,30261212,Posted: 1 March,all,genconcu,"This game is really a hidden gem. It may look like a typical dungeon crawler but what sets it different from other DC games in the market is its combat style. It adopts a MMORPG-type approach with the aggro concept. There are clear defined roles that needs to be fullfilled, i.e. tank, healer and dps. Your tank needs to keep the mobs busy and your healer needs to keep your tank alive while your dps toons kill the enemies. In MMORPGS, all these roles are played by different players. But this is a single player game and you would not be able to keep up the pace, so the game solves this problem by introducing the pause function. You can pause at any time during the combat and give up to three commands to your toons, which works perfectly. If you think you can do it in real time, you don't need to use pause at all (but believe me you'll have to, especially in higher difficulties). Normally I don't like real time combat but I had no problems and really enjoyed it. So even though you're pro-turn based, rest assured that you'll really enjoy this game.Another aspect I really liked is the degree of customization. You can customize the UI, you can customize the difficulty (there's a custom difficulty setting, where you adjust settings like mob health, mob damage etc. individually), and with a recent patch, you can even cut the number of mobs in half if you want to fight less. Don't worry though, you'll get exactly the same XP and loot.This game is more about exploration and fighting and less about puzzles, but it still has some optional puzzles and there's a ""treasure hunt"", in which you follow some clues and solve puzzles to obtain some really neat items throughout the game, if that's your thing.To sum up, this game is a refreshing addition to the DC genre with its combat system (which, even though has been used for years in other genres, is a first in DC games as far as I know) and meets all the needs with its versatility and customisability.Conclusion: I would definitely recommend it. You won't be disappointed."
76561197983301475,Recommended,409450,18964547,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"This is a first person grid based dungeon crawler with mmo style dungeon party combat and talent trees.This game is more on the combat than puzzles which i like, unlike some other similar games.Great graphics and audio with smooth controls, at times i forgot i was playing grid based.Well designed toolbars for attacks and spells and lots of diversity for attacks and spells.Very addictive, the more you level up and get more and more of that juicy loot."
76561198087100438,Recommended,409450,21957990,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,-VahhnGuard-,"REALLY AWESOME GAME!!!   Dragon age: origins and Legend of Grimrock had a baby and here it is.   i played alot of Grimrock which what this games reminds me alot of, started searching walls the minute i was in the game lol.   but with this game character creation is better and way more in depth like you'd find in an MMO, surprising really, and your lil band of 4 ACTUALLY feel's like they're apart of the story, and the Ambiance....man it feels like something out of Bioshock, i can see myself hunting down the secrets of this game as i did in both the Grimrock games (don't Beleive me look at my profile) get this game if you love dungeon crawlers as much as i do with GREAT RPG mechanics and faced paced tactical combat WHICH YOU CAN PAUSE!!!!! i might add, awesome just awesome play it and thank me later! lol"
76561198273254344,Recommended,409450,24751050,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,night4,"I rated this game a bit harshly at first because I was craving a little more originality.  I still am, but I have to admit I did enjoy the game for hours before stopping.So, if you want a single-player WoW-like experience, or if you like Grimrock but didn't like 'dancing' around enemies, you'll like this game."
76561198016122089,Recommended,409450,20514348,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Romulus,Best Dungeon Crawler I've played in a long time!
76561198158513884,Recommended,409450,19014742,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,MulletOnFire,"Very well made game. A must have for fans of this genre and anyone who enjoys a well put together game might want to give it a shot. The tactical combat can be a little slow but that's because it's, well, tactical.I'd like to highlight some of the ""quality of life"" features that made this game fun for me. In the Game Options --> Helplers menu there are currently 4 options. Many (all?) of these were added by the developer in response to player suggestions.1. Auto Save After Fights - Has saved me several times. Seems to save at the literal moment of death so reloads can often be amusing.2. Instant Auto Mapping - By default you find your map roughly halfway or so into each level. But this allows you to auto map from the beginning.3. Auto Pause - You can pause combat at any time with the spacebar, but this option will automatically pause the game for you when certain events happen, like the death of your target monster or a character runs out of actions.4. Highlight Items on Drop - Puts WoW style sparklies on items dropped by monsters. Smaller items could sometimes be hard to spot."
76561197963664525,Recommended,409450,18979573,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Terkala,"If you want Legend of Grimrock, but with better combat (much more tactical) and less annoying puzzles, this is the game for you."
76561198100243031,Recommended,409450,27396997,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eric Fountain,"Grid-based dungeon crawler with great atmosphere, modernized with MMO style combat which absolutely works. Tactical skill/spell weaving, management of aggro, healing, cooldowns. Varied visuals/theme across different groupings of levels, some puzzles, secrets, and other interesting level design scattered throughout. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,409450,28215087,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Verran,"I am very happy with The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians. The game is like Legend of Grimrock, but stands on its own. I am on level 3 and wish there were more puzzles, but I have been generally happy with the rest of the content. I also wish the combat system worked a bit differently, but it's okay. The main thing is the content is good, the story is good so far and it is enjoyable. I think it is awesome that the game was developed by 1 person (and a couple of freelancers he hired). Great job and looking forward to a sequel. I will tell my friends about this game."
76561198022640636,Recommended,409450,20073535,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jamison,"Back in the day, I actually bought an Atari ST just so I could play Dungeon Master. The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians brings back those memories and more. A very well done Dungeon Crawler type game. I highly recommend this game if you are into the genre. Keep up the good work Mana Games!"
76561198018665219,Recommended,409450,29769273,Posted: 7 February,all,GamerMum,"What a great game! I was never too fond of battle dancing, and the trinity-system employed here (tank, healer, DPS) makes a refreshing change from that. The real time with pause system is great for people like me, who don't have the best reflexes, and so far the game has been a lot of fun.It looks good too, and I like the fact that the party-members (that you can create yourself if you want) have banter and chime in on the situation every now and again.The developer is very active and involved and provides plenty of support. All in al this is a true hidden gem, and if you are looking for a fun dungeon-crawler with a twist I highly recommend it."
76561198017425718,Recommended,409450,18968599,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sluggeto,"A very good old school dungeon crawl with all the elements you'd expect to see in a modern game.  The option to set difficulty at various levels offers almost any gamer a fair shot at progess and fun. If you're a veteran of Dungeon Master (1988 on Atari 1040ST, later on the Commodore Amiga) or the newer Legend of Grimrock then of course you'll want this game, it's a no brainer. Some differences are no food, no sleep, zero HP is unconcious til combat ends (if everyone goes out it's game over man) and each character has it's own talent tree for classes and skills. Bosses require movement, a tank, interupts, heals and proper agro... or you will fail. I have not tried the multiplayer."
,Recommended,409450,23109740,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dolan [TacticalJebaitLord],11/10 would see warden fall to his death again.
76561198013067129,Recommended,409450,19797938,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Samseng Yik,"Pausable First Person Tank Heal DPS Dungeon Crawler RPG.No more annoying ""active dodge"" like what Legend Of Grimrock proud of.No more secret button checking on each wall. (Unless you run into a deadend room without much purpose)The developer is a gamer as well, and implemented many anti-frustration mechanics into this game.He also response fast to topic and fix bugs within days.This is a combat heavy RPG for fans of the genre. Like WOW, A party need a tank, healer and DPS.Manage threat well is a key of success so enemy only focus on your tank. Just like other Holy Trinity in RPG.Each boss is like a Dungeon Instance Boss in WOW. Require special tactic and attention to beat.The difficulty setting can adjust in anyway for all gamers from casual to hardcore.Minor Complaint : No special music on each boss. (Maybe I will manually play FF6 boss music)"
76561197993518606,Recommended,409450,33724993,Posted: 22 July,all,Khaos,"Really enjoyed this one.  Nice level design, just the right amount of combat, secret rooms and a nice handful of puzzles to solve.  It was a fun, relaxing 42.6 hours of gaming.  Definitley worth picking up to enjoy and support Mana Games."
76561198120278129,Recommended,409450,24955444,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Desdicado,"Very much an old school offering, no automap until you find it. Unusual combat which I'm just starting to understand. That said it's a lot of fun. I like the character progression as well as the level design. Not too puzzle heavy. A good RPG and very good value."
76561197991657927,Recommended,409450,24445508,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MrMuse,Okay I'm going to update this review as soon as I've spent more time with the game so for now this is purely for people on my friend list who read my reviews on a regular basis (call it an emergency review while it's on sale if you like). Does the MMO mechanic work with a Dungeon Crawler? Yes. Is the game perfect? No. Should you buy it? Most definitely. Happy to answer any questions.
76561198039820703,Recommended,409450,24531964,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Eyune,"""You must learn how to FALL before you even begin to CRAWL"" - Some random wise chinese philosopher.The FALL of the Dungeon Guardians.A MMO-styled combat dungeon CRAWLer."
76561198072604105,Recommended,409450,29415418,Posted: 21 January,all,Beast Mastese,"Don't cheat yourself out of a special experience. Old school dungeon crawler meets new school tactics in this unique experience that you'll honestly find absolutely nowhere else. Many comparisons to Grimrock by people who haven't actually played the game. But then again, those comparisons should be seen as compliments."
76561198030725683,Recommended,409450,19136373,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ryleck,"Wow Just bought this game :) Just began to played .. and wow incredible.. no more case by case movement (almost)  Very cool to use mouse to look everywhere when walking at the same time..Really good interface, very simple. Graphic very good. Im a big fan of dungeon crawler game like Beholder , MM, Grimrock, etc. I have to said this one will surely be one of my favorite. A dream come true for all dungeon crawler fan :) !!Finished the game after 41 hours with 39 of the 44 achievement. Have to said , the end is very cool with hope for a next chapter :) !!"
,Recommended,409450,22032444,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Xisi,"The combat has depth and the game has good character skill progression. I still prefer turn based combat but I'll settle for phase based, as featured in this game."
,Recommended,409450,29653180,Posted: 2 February,all,Ernisius,"Good variation on the old Dungeon Master type games.Similar to Grimlock but different enough to be interesting. The combat is challenging but it relies on strategy and not dexterity, which is great for me. I gave up on Grimrock because my old joints don't have the required manual dexterity.Well worth the budget price. Devs are very respnsive to questions even after a year.I hope they do a sequel."
,Recommended,409450,21966344,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,jewceman,So good
76561198167667963,Recommended,409450,18940598,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Clemency,"Very nice combat focussed dungeon crawler.   Nothing flashy, but very well made.  The combat mechanics are especially good - deep, yet easy to learn.  Navigating through the levels can take a bit of perseverance, but the puzzles are much less pesky than Grimrock.   Would have been awesome with voice acting, but still strongly recommended if you like the old school."
76561198009419490,Recommended,409450,18934991,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Dave_B,"Enjoying this game so far, although just finishing level 2.- Real time but pausable tactical combat, not another circle-strafe shooter- Queued actions in tactical combat, with tank / healer / dps type party members- Bosses with interesting unique abilities, and tactics to counter them- Simultaneous control of party of 4, customizable skill trees- Do in fact need to pause to set up tactics on harder difficulty levels, probably can get by on auto-attack on lower levelsLevel ups only give you a single new skill, can't modify team statistics other than by choice of gear. Does appear to have rare drop items (unclear to me yet if truly random or placed specifically on mini-bosses / bosses).But most importantly having fun with it so far!"
76561197970678964,Recommended,409450,18963864,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,OldGit,"I'd recommend this to anyone who's a fan of the classic crawler games out there like Dungeon Master, Grimrock 1&2 etc, but it's worth noting a few things:Pro'sLooks pretty with nice spell effects.Interesting path tree's for 4 main classes; Tank, Mage, Healer & Scout.Atmospheric.Con'sVery linear.Stuck with the Tank, Mage, Healer & Scout setup, although you can pick subclasses, so no 4 mage setups lol.All underground dungeon, no outdoor areas.Lazy item graphics. So far I have around 10 or so rings for the group, but there's only 3 different looks. Same with many other items, swords, shields etc.All fights, at least early on in the game, are a matter of picking your spell/ability cast sequence and repeating all the time, except for the odd boss where you might have to joust a bit and chuck in the occasional well timed interrupt/stun. So it feels very repetitive :/No food/hunger management."
76561197966104020,Recommended,409450,21858656,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,[*LT*],"Excellent game, dungeon crawler with added bonus of party play (holy trinity)."
76561197999304502,Recommended,409450,18982916,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,windblade,"This game feels similar to Legend of Grimrock to me, since that's the main source of experience I have with this genre, except with less puzzles and a strong RPG focus.  But despite the similarities on the surface, there are enough differences that it stands on it's own. There's a strong focus on combat, and your party has several skills, with more added as you level.  Party members have designated roles.  Tank, Healer, DPS.  It's hard to keep up with battle in real time, so basic gameplay involves a lot of pausing battles to queue up your party's skills.  Quite different from the constant dancing around and slashing I did in LoG.The dungeon you have to explore is massive.  I recommend turning on auto-mapping in the options, even if the game doesn't recommend it.  The floors are just too big to keep in your head.Overall, it's quite satisfying.  The downside is probably that, even with the scenery changes and new skills, most people will eventually get tired of the repetitive gameplay and won't finish this very long game.  But you'll definitely get your money's worth before then."
76561198029721884,Recommended,409450,28320235,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DedaenX,"Absolutley awsome.. If you likes the old 'Eye of the beholder' style games then you will like this. The dungeons are prity linear (for what I have seen so far) no running back and forth, which I happen to like, the idea that I have to 'go check the door' six floors down, just to report back and for them to tell me to open it gets on my t**s.I havent got a lot of hours, but level one was fun, scaled ok, end of level 1 was getting easy, level 2 became a little more of a challenge again (but not stupidly so that I felt I had to save every forth step), so nice scaling."
76561198024433229,Recommended,409450,18959463,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sheer,"Like running your own 5 man wow dungeon (well 4 man anyway) in a dungeon master setting.Loot, skill trees and some pretty tough and fun gameplayHighly Recommended"
76561198137066244,Recommended,409450,26475924,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,casmith,"Made it past level two after defeating the Shadow Assassin at ""Soldier"" level (be sure to save your healing and mana potions for this one). Proceeding through level three. Movement with the mouse and keyboard is surprisingly fluid. Combat is terrific. Graphic detail on the enemies and spells are great. Much much better than the Legends of Grimrock games. I am on a 27-inch late 2012 iMac (3.4 Ghz) with macOS Sierra and the game runs smooth as silk.Follow up: Over 64 hours with this game and am currently on level 5 at Soldier difficulty. Wow! Great game. Movement is more like a waltz than a square dance if you use the WASD keys properly. Combat is fierce with interesting timing sequences and effects are terrific. Character progression is also very good with a variety of choices and customizations. I disliked the blind hunting for the basic level maps so I turned that off. Don't mind discovering the maps to hidden rooms. The game is also easy to return to after setting it aside for a while. Love the warlock for one of my damage dealers. I like how the game is more focused on combat than on solving puzzles (at least to this point). The few puzzles I have seen so far do not require a solution to continue the game. They provide something tasty to use instead. I highly recommend this game."
76561197995822883,Recommended,409450,28748872,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pink Sock Puppet,"I've been playing dungeon crawlers since I was a kid. I know they are an acquired taste and certainly far from a popular genre nowadays. I've completed numerous Wizardry, Dungeon Master, Might and Magic and Eye of the Beholder games. Some have more contrived puzzles than others, but that comes part and parcel with these games and that's never detracted from my enjoyment.Given my background, I approached this game with cautious optimism. Having read the many reviews, I could see the reception was mostly positive though there were certainly some divisive aspects to it.Now that I've completed it, I have to say that, overall, my experience was an enjoyable one. However, I couldn't shake the feeling that this ended up falling short of its potential and could have in my personal top 10 had the team developing it been larger or had a better QA department.Numerous ideas which are meant to be the meat of the game come off as undercooked (so to speak), namely the combat.This, despite the fact that it was obviously meant to be the larger focus of the game. It tends to feel a little haphazard, with insufficient visual and audio feedback from the various skills. The general pace seems a little too fast, enemies have too much health and you never seem to be doing enough damage. Level progression feels unrewarding because your characters never feel like they are given many interesting skills and once you do acquire a set that seems to work marginally better that letting them use their auto attacks, you just end up queuing the same sequence hamfistedly. There is little thought involved beyond sitting on buffing and interrupt skills for an opportune moment or properly managing the heals and threat factor (which really feels out of place in a dungeon crawler).You quickly realize that you're only allotted enough xp for 1 level up per floor with the same staggered advancement separated by 500 xp for each character. I understand that this was paced in such a way to keep the game challenging, but I would argue that having a few areas with respawning monsters or arenas would have gone a long way towards adding some flavour. Perhaps not having all monsters repsawn, but in designated areas. The developer could have put aside an Iron Man mode of some sort with limited xp for those who were interested. As it is, most skills seem to underpowered to make a real impact (2% increase in damage?) and you're given a dearth of skills points to really boost your team to impressive levels. I think overall, these leveling bottlenecks were a bad idea.Despite this very measured apporach to character progression, the balance in combat is all over the place as well. Your team often feels ill equipped for certain encounters (often due to poor equipment drops). It ends up seeming a lot more like luck of the draw than actual strategic combat, hoping that the boss will have a series of poor damage rolls or misses.At first I was playing on the higher difficulties, but the combat did not feel rewarding enough to contend with the frustration and arbitrary nature of it all. The idea of emulating MMO style combat is not a terrible one, but ultimately feels poorly implemented.Luckily, if you can't be bothered with the lackluster combat, there's an option to adjust the difficulty if you just want to cruise through the sequences. I played about half the game on the higher difficulty levels, but just got fed up eventually and didn't find any enjoyment in the protracted battles that could end from a single poor roll where one of your key members would be taken down in a single blow from full health and spell ruin for your party. No thanks.To compound things, after all this trouble, once your group finally starts to shape up nearing the end of the game, the big gimmick in the final battle is that you keep getting weaker to the point where your are limited to next to no abilities. So all the planning of which gear to use and which abilities to queue is all for naught.Which is just one of a plethora of examples where the game has this uncanny ability to pinpoint a single element (which you would normally be hard pressed to identify yourself) that just arbitrarily and aggressively seems to be designed to squash all enjoyment for you. The developers might think these little idiosyncracies add charm to the game, but I really feel like someone should have been there to reign them in at times because these annoyances really end up compounding and almost ruining an otherwise very enjoyable game.First we have the combat, then the skills trees, then the level progression, then the idea that it's somehow good design to keep you from getting an automap until nearing the end of a level (maybe you could have split up various map fragments with more or less cryptic clues to find the secrets?). Lighting can also be an issue if you don't turn up your gamma. Another consequence of this is the very real possiblity of missing an important item in the darkness. I highly recommend turning on the option to make items more visible with the slight sparkle that will cut through the twilight. Loot could be more varied, and I don't think items with randomly generated stats really fit this type of game all that well, or you should at least have a set of unique items with set stats (and perhaps an interesting backstory) to outfit specific party members.Make no mistake, despite the tone so far, I really did enjoy myself quite a bit. The art style is good. The models are surprisingly nice and well animated (except for the gnomes, yuck. But I hate gnomes. The gnome giants were the creepiest monters in the game imo). The soundtrack is subtle, but quite fitting. Sound effects are adequate. Level design was mostly very good. Puzzles are satisfying and the more difficult ones are optional.There's a very nice treasure hunt that was added later on which was quite enjoyable. It should be noted however that the clues can be a little too cryptic and/or ambiguous sometimes. You might think this could be due to the translations (the game was originally in French), but French is my first language at it was not much better.The plot could use a major overhaul, but it's never really meant to be the focus of these games. The ending really is a giant middle finger to the player though. I did not enjoy that at all. Dialogue could be improved. Tone is a kinda all over the place, but again, it's a minor gripe considering no one plays these games for the gripping plot.So despite all this, I still highly recommend the game if you're a fan of the genre, with the caveat that certain aspects (which can admittedly be mitigated to an extent) may dampen your enjoyment slightly.Support these guys so they can put out something similar with a bigger budget!Overall, well worth your time."
76561198029612638,Recommended,409450,19059851,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,s.plisskin [Arch linux],"This is an excellent game. It had a problem with linux players unable to type character names, but had to modify an .ini file but since has been patched.It is much like Dungeon Master, Eye of the Beholder, and other more recent grid based RPG dungeon crawlers. Some have comapred it to looking like Legend of Grimrock, but really only vaguely. Where LoG was mostly puzzle solving, this game is mostly combat oriented with elements borrowed from the MMO genre.It has the typical MMO party dynamics fighter/tank aggro type, healer, and damage dealers. Abilities have timers with various lengths so you have to manage your abilites and time them strategically to keep your party alive. Typically you make your way through the dungeon and its encounters until you meet that levels boss encounter, which can be tricky to overcome.Graphics are fairly good for this type of game, though character portraits are woefully few. Lot's of value for the price of admission."
76561198011604006,Recommended,409450,19026594,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Saboth,"TFotDG is a party-based dungeon-crawler. The highlights are the combat, leveling, gear upgrades and exploration. The initial thought when playing is this game is similar to Legend of Grimrock. The movement system looks similar, and some of the dungeon basics look the same.  However, that could be said for most dungeon-crawling games. I believe the graphics and animations are better in TFotDG. The combat is far superior. Wheras Grimrock forces your party to avoid toe-to-toe fights, this game encourages it. Your tanks can actually tank. Then can grab aggro from other party members. This game is almost like a single-player mmo.This game is light on puzzles, which was my number one complaint with both Grimrock games. The excessive puzzles slowed the game down too much. This game is much faster paced. There are a few puzzles, but they are not crippling.  There is a skill tree system, and you can build your rogue as a tank, or DPS, your warrior can be a tank or a paladin or other DPS. There are different play styles for each class, depending on how you build your character, which is another huge bonus.The developer has been very active, addressing any requests or bugs.  This game is well worth the asking price, and if it goes on sale, it's simply a steal."
76561197963135491,Recommended,409450,19097781,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,GrimmGames,"Fun combat, not-too-tough puzzles. Definitely has some Dungeon Master feel to it. Can't wait to see what modders do with it. Great game imo."
76561197965193437,Recommended,409450,28344814,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,?Syntax Error,"A really enjoyable dungeon crawler game, where the focus is more on combat then on puzzles. Too many puzzles in these types of games tend to get annoying in my opinion, that's why I prefer this game over the Legend Of Grimrock games. But that comes down to personal taste of course.It's got pretty nice graphics and you can adjust the difficulity anyway you want, so everyone from the casual to the hardcore gamer can enjoy this game. I started out in adventure mode, and some battles can be tricky, challenging but fair.Highly recommended."
76561198256522478,Recommended,409450,28501512,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,gill0h,"I've played 24 hours of TFOTDG, and only completed about a third of the game, so it is good value for money (Some AAA titles are finished in 20 hours).The game is similar to (recent) Legend of Grimrock and (old) Dungeon Master. I have fondness for those titles (and I completed them). I feel that the Grimrock games are a bit more slick and polished than this one, but this game is good where it counts – It is fun, challenging, you want to find out what is around that corner, there are puzzles to solve, secrets to find, and difficult fights to win.This game is out on Linux, and works fine on my preferred operating system. I like to play on Linux natively, rather than dual-booting to Windows or messing around with Wine compatibility layer (Yes, Linux can be made to run Windows games, via Wine). When launching the game, I get a handy launch window where I can choose screen resolution and other similar settings – I'm running the game full-screen at 4K resolution with no problems.There is quite a difference between combat on The Fall Of The Dungeon Guardians, and the Grimrock/Dungeon Master games. On TFOTDG, combat is Real-Time plus Pause (tapping the space bar), a similar style to Baldur's Gate. While paused, you can chain up to 3 consecutive moves per character (you get a party of 4). Each move displays a cool-off timer, so you can observe when a particular Fireball or Freeze spell is ready to use again. There is a lot of strategy to the combat, and I have been finding it very challenging. Quite often my party has been dying, and I've been reloading my last save. You have to adapt your combat to each of the different monsters/enemies in the game.In Grimrock/DM, the combat is more 'square-dancing' style, where you Hit, Strafe, Turn, and repeat, shuffling around the monsters and dodging their fireballs. It is possible to play TFOTDG more like that, by modifying the mass of configuration tweaks. I found it a refreshing and enjoyable change, from Grimrock, to play TFOTDG in its default setup.One thing that I quite liked was how the mapping worked (i.e. how you get it with Default config settings). Without going into too much detail, you start with no mapping (and have to either manually map or cope without mapping), at specific stages you can access the map as auto-drawn so far, and later you can find the map scroll for a full level.Pros:Plays well, and it is well balanced.Strategic decisions in combat.Challenging combat.Long good-value-for-money game (e.g. 70 hours+).Massive amount of tweaking available (e.g. even changing the difficulty setting, part way through).There's a tweak for highlighting items (if you want to use it). Turn it on/off whenever you like.Real-Time plus Pause and Command Chaining, makes this game stand out, versus other games in the same genre (e.g. Grimrock).Puzzles and Secrets.The dungeon environment and monsters change and these changes keep your interest as you progress through the game.The mapping system.Level layout is sensible and logical (e.g. you'd 'expect' a secret door to be around 'here' and tada!)Keeps your interest.Lots of strategy with respect to items found, upgrade choices when levelling up.Okay:The story is okay, it does a good job.Sounds and music are okay, not amazing, but they do the job.Graphics are decent, good enough. After all this isn't an AAA title, it's a small indie developer game.Cons:Semi-limited replay (because the levels are the same for future play-throughs).[However playing with a different party, different character classes, should be interesting.]The game lacks a bit of polish, but it's not that detrimental.Takes a bit of time to get to grips with how to perform combat effectively.Some areas are a bit dark, a bit eye-straining, and no light spell / torches to help light the way.(Although there's probably some config tweak to deal with that – I'm talking about 'defaults')Conclusion:It's a great game and it's worth the full price. Recommended."
76561198141516986,Recommended,409450,29680761,Posted: 3 February,all,Carda [NL],One of the best and favourite dungeon crawlers available on steam. Realtime but the developer listened and added some great options to have somekind of turn based experience if you like that more. Great skilltree and loot.
,Recommended,409450,24417496,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,SittingDuck,It's fun.
76561197999113418,Recommended,409450,23055239,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,don123456789,Amazing! I love everything about this game!!
,Recommended,409450,18977930,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Yoofaloof,"Just Fantastic!Great game that takes me back to my 'Eye Of The Beholder' days. Quite challenging even with the pause option.Lovely environments and great ambient sound.Only con for me are items and some pressure pads are very hard to see. Developer has since added sparkle to dropped items, but it wasn't these items as such, it was items already on the ground hidden in corners I have trouble seeing. But that's half the fun right? Why have everything handed to you on a plate? I'm 6 hours in and only on Level 2. I can see this lasting me quite some time. Money well spent and kudos to the developer."
,Recommended,409450,19245901,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Didius,This game is similar to Legend of Grimrock without the puzzles.  There are a few minor puzzles. It has a bit of a challenge as well. I am enjoying it.
76561198003316387,Recommended,409450,19000371,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,grahamthemyth,"Been looking for a really good Dungeon crawler for years ,Legends of grimrock came close but this is the one for me .Graphics are great dungeon design is great .There are 15 bosses to kill i assume 1 each lvl as ive killed 2 and ive just finished lvl 2 thats after playing for 9 hours so long way to go Value for money"
76561198165057273,Recommended,409450,18966159,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,freesiacham3,All I have to say about this game........AWESOME.....Great Dungeon Crawler Game. :)
76561198001656242,Recommended,409450,18911338,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,KlausGaming,The Fall of The Dungeon Guardians is an old school dungeon crawler that reminds me of Might & Magic Legacy and Grimrock to some degree.  You move on a grid but the combat is different here. It's real time but with the option to pause the game and issue orders in sequence. The game is polished and I'm enjoying it so far and without any technical difficulties. Check out gameplay here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plfn0J96apQ
,Recommended,409450,25610281,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,sh0uzama,"A very enjoyable dungeon delve, with a heavy emphasis on ""character roles"" (tank, healer, dps).Think of Eye of the Beholder meets World of Warcraft. If you played and loved both games, you will definitely enjoy The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians.The exploration is rewarding, the loot is pseudo-randomized (it is randomized, but you will always obtain loot for the classes that you choose for your party), and it is never frustrating (even with the auto-map turned off by default - option that the developer recommends).The character development (talent trees) feels good enough, and also the mechanics are quite well implemented.All in all, a solid game."
76561197970524226,Recommended,409450,18957818,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,28k,"Grimlock I could never get into, tried them both 1 and 2.  This game though I'm hooked, I think its because of the mouse movement, holding down the right mouse button lets you move through the game world as if you were in an FPS game, and it runs allot smoother using the mouse to navigate over just using the keyboard.I guess Im not a fan of the jarring step left step right keyboard truning of games like GRimrock.I give this game big thumbs up for taking the gameplay up a notch."
76561198159133115,Recommended,409450,19231914,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,kirill-busido,"I recommend this game. Fun to play and very smooth. If you enjoy crpgs with turn-based combat, this game is for you."
76561198055527644,Recommended,409450,19083245,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,matmoos,well it plays as its ment to takes me back to the day grate fun love this havent seen a dungen crawller for a long time and this is a good one
76561198052833570,Not Recommended,409450,31461443,Posted: 30 April,all,laena_the_gifted,"Not a bad game, but definitely not the game I was expecting, and maybe not the game you'll want either.The gameplay is vastly different from the classics and, IMHO, doesn't work.My advice: buy it on sales if you want to give its new mechanics a try, and give a reactive and helpful dev a chance.Pro:- available on Linux! This is a HUGE Pro.- the pause system is a nice touch- no bug, as far as I was concerned- nicely done overall- a lot of thought have been given to the dungeon design (mechanics-wise). Nice to have a true 3D dungeon with a 2D map. Clever layout (again, mechanics-wise only).- the developper is very helpful and reactive- a wide range of difficulty levelsNeutral:- a complete change of paradigme: the fighting dynamics is inspired by those MMORPG where carricatural fighting  mechanics are more important than roleplay. Like it or not (I wanted to try, and I didn't).Cons:- counter-intuitive interface: the first hours will be difficult if you don't mower the difficulty level- difficulty is completely arbitrary. This is a HUGE Con.Bosses have like 10 times your health, even if they have no reason to. Heck, even the first bosses are more powerful than any single of your character will ever be.Puzzles for puzzles'sakeGameplay is based on interrupting the monster's moves... except that you can't interrupt the best abilities of the bosses...Some ""strategies"" are so counter-intuitive and  far-fetched that the game needs to explain them beforehand.- Fighting is boring and time-consumming. You will need to repeat the exact same sequence over and over again, for each fight. This could be a very good base for a programming game, however (not jocking!).- There is no real choice in the characters abilities. You will end up with having them all, or almost.- Some mistakes in the wordings of the abilities. Some refer to powers you character can't have.- Diablo-like loot doesn't work at all here. This kind of loot does wonders when you can grind. It fails when you have only a given amont of monsters to fight.- storytelling is at its minimum. This is a HUGE Con. Don't expect any memorable opponent, item, place or riddle. I've played 1/3 of the game fairly, then I grew bored and rushed it in ghost mode. Wouldn't have bothered finishing it otherwise.The level design is 100% mechanics based. No sense of story, no dungeon ecology whatsoever ( mobs mindlessly patrolling an empty maze at its utmost level)- I've positively hated the end - the exact contrary of what an epic end fight and ending should be :-("
76561197985797489,Recommended,409450,19090523,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Bandred,Good 'old school' game at a reasonable asking price.
76561198022842797,Recommended,409450,34309952,Posted: 17 August,all,TeamplayerZargash,"Got this to just scratcha Dungeon Crawler itch, and found more then I expected.  There's a decent amount of classes to choose from, loot to find, and a solid feeling of being in a dungeon.  I also like the fact that on the high difficulties its actually challenging.  Well worth the sale price and I'd probably pay full price knowing what I know now."
76561197996974144,Recommended,409450,32578191,Posted: 19 June,all,mayes_scott,Enjoyable but character creation leaves a lot to be desired.
,Recommended,409450,25675764,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,0_Well,"Fun game. Inspired by Grimrock, but exceeds it in several ways (UI options, combat management, class variance and skills trees).Buy this game. Play it, enjoy it.Especially recommended for those (like me) who thought some of the Grimrock 'puzzles' were WAY overdone and overcomplex.  In Guardians, there are puzzles but the majority of them are not Impossible Difficulty."
76561198013328690,Recommended,409450,25724380,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,rasabt,"This game is a dungeon crawler similiar to Grimrock (1/2), Wizardry and Might and Magic.You ofcourse see the indie natur, menus grafics are not AAA, but very very solid.What makes this game realy great is the combat system and the character progression:your 4man team each got his role (tank, 2dd, healer) and each has a large skill tree (similiar to Diablo or WoW) to progress while gaining levels; ofcourse you find tons of loot just aswell. Dungeoncrawlers (apart from Wizardry 8) suffer often from rather boring combat, but not here. I actualy looked foreward to every encounter, combat reminded of Baldurs Gate or Pillars of Eternity alot; you got tons of skills to use, each with their own little mechanics (heals, dots, skills which stun, etc.) and tactics involved; boss encounters are amazing, it`s not just the usual ""dodge a certain attack"", but also canceling certain enemie attacks....all can be paused while your still able to issue orders (up to 3 per char);The leveldesign is also quite good, rooms connect across multiple levels and the audio mixed with eerie texturs gives a greet ambience.If you like dungeoncrawlers this game is a safe betIf yoz love tactical realtime-combat with a pause-function ala Baldurs Gate/Icewind Dale you gonna love this game just like i do."
76561198003217383,Recommended,409450,25975916,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,dustinforward,"Very fun game to play reminiscent of ultima underworld mixed with WOW-ish combat mechanics.Graphics are decent, but by no means state of the art. Puzzles are fairly straightforward.My wife notices that I enjoy this game way more than the games I play on the iphone and I have a lot less rage quitting.:)"
,Recommended,409450,25704029,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BuckStopsHere3,"The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians is a wonderful throwback. I purchased this game looking for an old dungeon crawler to escape to from your everyday console games. Two hours in and I can say this has been top 3 purchases for me on steam already. Love the grid movement as it keeps movement easy and the combat is unique in that you control all four party members from first person. The active pause is great too as it allows you some time to think of the best way to overcome your obstacles. Only downside is the lighting, sometimes it can be difficult to see small items in dark corners such as rings or vials. Other than that it has been a blast and I look forward to many more hours!Solid 9/10"
,Recommended,409450,25931319,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,scorp29,"If you like challenging battles where you have to carrefuly use your skills, if you like being lost to the point you have to use items to mark your path, then you will have fun playing this game using the Stratege' difficulty.But if that's not your cup of tea, you can still play the game at an easier difficulty with auto-map on heheAnd if you are stuck, devs are nice enough to give you some tips in the forum =)"
76561198039262163,Recommended,409450,31679674,Posted: 11 May,all,chris.mullin,"This game is a good attempt at creating WOW-like single player experience. The core mechanics revolve around the holy trinity of Tank  - DPS - Healer, their abilities management (that is way more complex than the simple ""spam whatever is off cooldown"" system you may find in other dungeon crawlers) and aggro building. The game is long, levels are complex (but the puzzles never become crazy impossible to solve), there are many classes to pick up in order to try different party setups.Highly adviced, especially to all those ex (or current, why not) WOW players out there, like me."
76561198257799401,Recommended,409450,31160684,Posted: 15 April,all,Xahn,This iswhat i was expecting from Legend of Grimrock's combat. Not the wierd phone pad casting for mages. I'm only an hour into it and i already love it.
,Recommended,409450,31291913,Posted: 22 April,all,Googol,"Thumbs Up!You love old school dungeon crawlers and liked Legend of Grimrock?Go get this! You will have a lots of fun!The game well balanced and highly customizeable even during gameplay!When fights get to hard or easy, just lower or raise the difficulty whenever you want.If you get stuck on a level because you haven't found the auto-map item for this level yet - just turn on/off the auto-map from options during gameplay.Over all the group management during fights reminds me of classic MMOs like World of Warcraft.You have to manage a classic setup with a tank, a healer and damage dealers.With each level you can build the skill tree and unlock new spells and attacks.You can pause during fights, but way more challanging is playing the fights without pause in realtime!There is also a modding SDK with several easy modding options available!And you also have Steam Workshop!╔══╗╚╗╔╝╔╝(¯`v´¯)╚══`.¸.The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians"
76561197976694006,Recommended,409450,33294905,Posted: 5 July,all,Zahndethus,This was a fun game! If you liked Grimrock you'll probably enjoy this one too.
76561198006440230,Recommended,409450,28900959,Posted: 1 January,all,Share your Panic,like legend of grimrock with pause-functionality. nice dungeon crawler.
76561198053564008,Recommended,409450,19406025,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Drax,"A lot of fun ... not too hard, not too easy! I liked the spirit of the game. Dungeons, Dragons, a well designed game, whats not to like!"
76561197991942615,Recommended,409450,19466954,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Faray,"Ah another dungeon crawler. Don't let it's looks fool you, although it seems like a LoG clone, it's defnitly not.There are some issues, tanks don't hold agro well, a lot of the combat feels rng and save scumming feels like it is required. There are still some annoying bugs (Key items not droping, so save often).However there is a lot more good. The dev is very active and listens to player suggestions, the classes are unquie and give you a varitey of builds. It feels like there is  progression with your characters level wise and equipment drops, the challenge is real, and you can make it easier/harder at any time. There is also a bit of story as well.If you are looking for a good dungeon crawler, then give this one a look at."
76561197984737819,Recommended,409450,18964609,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,No_SuRReNDeR,Grimrock II called and asked for its old job back as the best modern dungeon crawler.Yeah - that means you should stop reading crap and BUY THIS!
76561197973899043,Recommended,409450,18943072,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,The Wicker Man,It's good... mmm kay!
76561198161727612,Recommended,409450,25702735,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SaintPhillip,Hidden Gem-This is very much an old school style blobber with a new way of providing strategtic play...I'm a turn based fanatic  but even though this game is 'real time with pause' there are a myriad of options including changing combat speed (I run at 20% with many autopause options set and its perfect) and full control over all facets ofthe game.Dungeon design is stellar and i'm only at floor 3 or 4 and the game is challenging and requires tactics- Plus an interesting character building system.All in all  a great  dungeon crawl thus far and this stands up with the best we've seen in the last 15 years-I would totally recomend this to anyone who loves dungeon crawling and old school RPG's but with modern twists and the convieniences we've come to expect these days (there is an automap but it must be turned on in options)It took me a few hours to start grasping the combat system but ive grown to love it.
,Recommended,409450,32440660,Posted: 15 June,all,shackleford,"updating my review with 17 hours played so farone of the best CRPG dungeon crawlers I've played in recent years. Good puzzles, combat is fun, classes offer unique choices, fairly typical randomly generated loot. Game starts a bit slow but picks up by the time you get to floor 2 or 3."
76561198072855592,Recommended,409450,32596473,Posted: 20 June,all,Buddah Stalin,i like it alot! similar to grimrock in many  ways but you dont have to dance around the mobs the whole time. seems like many different party comps. are viable.
76561198069914310,Not Recommended,409450,34445893,Posted: 23 August,all,nic,"Dungeon crawler meets world of warcraft-I brought this game to try and relive the dungeon master days. It has an interesting action combat take on the game which personally i dont feel fits with the genre but others will probably like it.Pros:Graphics are nice, Tone/music/sound effects are fine.Cons:Feels like an action mmo, multiple hotbars, lack of puzzles,The game has what appears to be an auto-loot generator where hard mobs (monsters) drop blue (rare gear), i just got to level 3, nothing feels special or earnt, just left with a bland feeling and a desire to go stream a film.This cost me about £3 in the sale, for that i cannot complain, but i couldnt recommend full price unless your more of an action/zerg gamer.If you havnt played it then id suggest buying legend of grimrock if your looking for a dungeon crawler."
76561197990770844,Recommended,409450,29282068,Posted: 15 January,all,rebelut,"I recommend this game and would give it 80 out of 100 points.The game contains some unique ideas. Riddles weren't too hard (expect the ""Treasur Hunt"" which i kind of a side quest).There are different classes (Tank, Damagedealer, Healer) and skill trees for each class."
,Recommended,409450,29426844,Posted: 22 January,all,DrewmorKuZy,"Dont wait, just buy it! Amazing game, and the Developer is an awesome person."
76561198034064626,Recommended,409450,29254465,Posted: 14 January,all,McTell BlueTooth,****As good as LoG!
76561197979985299,Recommended,409450,18910630,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Captive,Has the look and feel of  a Dungeon Master Grimrock style of game but with wow style tank\dps\healer type combat system mixed with Baldurs Gate like pause mechanics.Thought i'd seen it all but this is something else.
,Not Recommended,409450,29871971,Posted: 12 February,all,hafl,"In short: This game is bad.If I had to describe why it's bad in one sentence, I'd say: ""It has cooldown based real-time with pause combat, boring random loot and atrocious level design.""The combat is unberably tedious. The farther in the game I got, the more I lowered the difficulty level, just so I'd have to engage with it less. Sadly, even at the lowest difficulty, the enemies are tedious sacks of hitpoints that take forever to kill. At least lower difficulties lessen the amount of endless waiting between combat. You need your HP and MP to regenerate (this takes forever). If you use food items to heal, they debuff you and you have to wait for the debuff to wear off. Even if you are healthy at the end of a fight, you still have to wait for your buff skills to cooldown and some of them take three minutes. It's tedious even on lower difficulties where you can often skip it, but on higher ones, you actually have to do it if you want to do well. Enemy variety is pathetic, but hidden behind decent graphical variety. You have melee guys, melee guys with gimmick, ranged guys, and mage guys. The only variety is that few (3?) enemy types can fly and that few enemy (2?) types are immobile. That's not counting the elite variants which are the same with more DPS and HP. Terrain plays almost no importance in combat. You close in and fight until one side is dead or you have to run away. Sometimes, you first go hide behind a corner to be covered from ranged attacks. Once or twice, there's ranged enemies you can't hit and have to run past. The flying enemies are obliging enough to move to your level almost immediately. The only semi-interesting boss fight in the game is the final boss. All other bosses are built around having a move you can't interrupt and a move you can, plus a variety of filler attacks.The level design is strongest in the first seven levels where there's actually some little sense of progression. After that, the levels degenerate into random mishmash. For example, level 15 Golem Crypt, level 16 Dragon Lair, level 17 Goblin Tower. You start fighting demons on level 19 and in any other game it would be a sign that the game is near the end. Here, there's still obliging storerooms of food in demon lairs and the enemies in the next level could be ratlings again for all I know. Achievements are the only reliable measure of progess you have. The puzzles you have to solve to progress in the game are uninspired, consisting mostly of finding buttons while being hindered by no proper light. I suppose the lack of light is supposed to be atmospheric, but it's irritating instead. The optional puzzles are tedious and just as uninspired, going for size instead of cleverness, and unless I could solve them in under a minute, I stopped doing them around level 10, since the reward for them would be a crap item that most likely isn't an upgrade except this time the name is purple or orange. The biggest offender in level design is probably level 18 which has a ""find a switch on badly lit wall to progress"" puzzle, then it repeats the same puzzle about four times. The level design is also stretched extremely thin. The author had enough ideas for maybe 10 levels, but the game has 20. To say it overstays its welcome is an understatement.The game is the crappiest dungeon crawler I bothered finishing. It has a bunch vestigial mechanics that have little effect, but they were in Dungeon Master and Grimrock, so they have to be included. Let's compare.Food and Water:Dungeon Master: Takes a lot of weight and inventory space. Water is sometimes scarce and you might have to use potion bottles to get extra supply.Chaos Strikes Back: Same effects on weight and inventory space, but food is scarce until you kill a few dragons and with the way the dungeon is constructed, you might run out of water with no convenient way of getting back to a fountain.Eye of the Beholder: If you have a Cleric, it's a non-issue. If you don't, you'll starve. No water.Lands of Lore: No food or water.Stonekeep: No food or water.Grimrock: Food takes inventory space and weight. Same as in Dungeon Master, but weight is handled differently so it's less important. No water.Dungeon Guardians: Food and drink is an out of combat healing item. It debuffs you and makes you wait.Item weight:Dungeon Master: Heavy armor and best weapons are very heavy, so your frontliners can't actually carry much. Inventory space is limited and the only way to get more are extremely heavy chests. Too much weight slows you down, which is a severe handicap in combat. Chaos Strikes Back is the same, but you have less equipment and food to carry, so it's less of an issue.Eye of the Beholder: Inventory space is the only limit.Lands of Lore: Inventory space is the only limit, but inventory's shared.Stonekeep: No inventory limit, shared inventory.Grimrock: Weight is rarely an issue if you play with full party. Inventory space is limited, but lightweight expansions to it like sacks are plentiful. Too much weight makes you move slower, which is a severe handicap in combat.Dungeon Guardians: Weight is rarely an issue unless you hoard equipment. Too much weight makes you move slower, but mobility isn't important in combat except for a few boss fights. There may be a limit to inventory, but I never reached it.Both these mechanics are used in a way that's less meaningful than in Dungeon Master and Grimrock while also being significantly more boring and irritating than in lightweight dungeon crawlers like Eye of the Beholder. I found the Firestaff reference behind a puzzle that was almost identical to a Dungeon Master puzzle. The author is most likely familiar with that game, but on almost every level, this game is inferior to it. And Dungeon Master is a game that was over quarter of a century old when this came out and there's only one improvement Dungeon Guardians have over Dungeon Master that's not graphics or sound. What it takes from its predecessors is executed poorly and where it tried to be its own thing, it ends up being MMO with loot garbage.There were some things I liked about the game, but they were very few. The party banter is a nice addition, even if it's a bit bland and consists mostly of ""this boss is x and does y"". Tapping on walls to reveal illusory ones was in Dungeon Master and it's nice to see it back, since I can't remember it being featured in any other dungeon crawler. The final boss fight had a neat gimmick. Having to find a map to allow automapping and having to find another map to reveal the complete map was a nice  idea and as far as I can tell, original to this. The graphical variety is good, even if it mostly serves to conceals the lack of mechanical variety among enemies. That's about all I can find good about this game and it is extremely little. I definitely wouldn't have finished it, if I had internet access while playing it and could play anything else."
76561197980328361,Recommended,409450,25671518,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,bricmpt,"I've played dungeon games since long before there were computers to play tyhem on.   Played 90% of the RPG's on PC or console as well.  Game would be great except for a couple things...PROs- Contrary to the complaints about ""roles"", you can custom build characters of various classes.- Great big lists of options!  Love that in any game.- Nice graphics.  Would like a depth blur.CONs- Hate to say it, but it crashed in the first half hour.So far, so good!"
76561198031136337,Recommended,409450,19342491,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,(SGiP) God-Run Sky-Man,This dungeon crawler more resemble Eye of the beholder than Grimrock.ITS ALL OVER HIM..And i like it very much.Youre all i ever wanted. Youre all i ever needed yeeeah..So tell me what to do now cuz i want you back..
76561198044075910,Recommended,409450,32404474,Posted: 13 June,all,ValleySpirit,Right now I am at Level 4 of the dungeon. Enjoying myself so far.
76561198027007978,Not Recommended,409450,33876088,Posted: 29 July,all,Zeitgeist,"If I would have to describe this game in one word it would be ""repetitive"".Everything in this game is repetitive: The visuals, monsters, combat, loot, the ""story"" (what there is of a story).Visuals: One of these ""Unity asset store"" looking games with no own style. Every corridor looks the same.Combat: MMO style combat. Leave this to MMOs please, it's just not fun in a single player RPG.Loot: MMO-like, tiny incremental upgrades constantly -> boringStory: I got to level 7 where I finally gave up. Basically each dungeon floor was filler until you get some minor interesting boss fight.There is no auto mapping until you find a map on each floor. This would make sense maybe if the levels were interesting and everything didn't look the same. But they are not. So you stumble through the same-y looking corridors until you find the map (usually at the end of a floor). You can enable auto mapping in the options as a ""helper"" (with a neat warning ""It could ruin your fun of exploration!"" - really  now?) but what's the point then? Why have it like that in the first place?What I read is that the developer of this game is a huge MMO nut, and it really comes through in this game. I just think it isn't a good fit in the end. Maybe with more diverse levels and loot.The difficulty labeling in the option is kind of off. I would describe the ""Adventurer"" level as the appropriate ""Normal"" difficulty - even though it's not the middle setting.Just one last advice: If your still want to play this game, I recommend turning on the ""low enemy density"" option in the settings. It will make the game a little more tolerable. The game is still balanced for that."
76561197996244805,Recommended,409450,32393261,Posted: 13 June,all,Omnicyde,"It's Legend of Grimrock minus the charm.  A little more textbook, a little less love."
76561197995630875,Recommended,409450,35076822,Posted: 19 September,all,hadrian6616,"When i feel nostalgic for the good ol'days i like to play the dungeon crawlers.  I grew up on maps like this for red and blue box D&D in the 1980's, then on games like Dungeon Master and Black Crypt, so i know i thing or two about this style of game.FoDG has the right mix going for it. I can tile dodge effectively, the monsters are levelled nicely and also are placed/grouped in the right areas for fighting or running.  As should be the case with this style you gain just enough to get you through, dumping obsolete gear as you upgrade (i'm not sure if each level has a special item, if not it should).I haven't used any bows or throwing weapons ingame yet, so not sure if they are present and the monster spells  clip the walls and score against me, maybe thats just my copy ?? not sure.  Nothing major.All in all a solid game, i like it alot and i would buy a FoDG 2."
,Recommended,409450,34845750,Posted: 9 September,all,Viveroth,"First of all. It's a good game. Really.I find it perfect for the ones, starting their journey with dungeon crawler genre. It offers everything that this genre consists of and adds few twists. You can customise basically everything, from difficulty level to the amount of monsters, their hp, and behavior. You can play paperlike mode or use all newschool features like minimap. And the thing that is unique in crawlers - holy trinity class system with fight style inspired from MMORPGs. Character development offers plenty of options.Combat system makes this game truly unique but at the same time a little bit boring and repetive. You can treat fights like WOW raids sometimes but basically you will have to repeat the same things over and over. While it works well in MMORPGS coz you control just 1 character and all you have to do is to play your role, here you will have to play 4 at the same time. For sure its challenging (oh yes, it is) but like I said - sometimes it might be too much. Thankfully like I said, you can customize basically everything so you can have challenging fights but the enemies will appear more or less often. Its up to you to decide. And whatever you will do, EXP will remain the same (splitting).Now the part for Dungeon Crawler fans. FIrst of all Grimrock. I would put this title on the same level as 1st Legends. The amosphere is less claustrophobic and at least for me, least immersive but still its on good level. The game uses similar schemes and mechanics. While 1st Grimrock was bad coz you could abuse moving during the combat, this game wont let you do anything like it. That's a plus. You will find secrets, riddles, bosses and resource distribution.The game is not as good as 2nd Grimrock or the best dungeon crawler ever created which is Wizardry 8 but for god sake, this genre needs more good games and this is for sure one of them.YOU HAVE TO PLAY IT if you are crawler fan.YOU STRONGLY SHOULD PLAY IT if you are RPG fan.YOU WON'T REGRET If you are looking for single player game with MMORPG flavor."
76561197994157982,Recommended,409450,30291230,Posted: 3 March,all,anigart,"DISCLAIMER: I have changed my initial negative review to a positive one after a constructive chat with the developer. He is very interested in making a great game, and extremely responsive to feedback.This game is a classic dungeon crawler with a twist. Unlike other realtime dungeon crawlers this one can be paused for a tactical element. The game UI is a bit too dark, and there are a few other things that might not be to some people's preference, but luckily many of those things can be changed in the settings. if you have the will to try out a few things and play around with the knobs then you're in for a good game."
76561198037751057,Recommended,409450,31162200,Posted: 15 April,all,Nimmsi von Hinden,Very good dungeon crawler!
76561198080463134,Recommended,409450,35394319,Posted: 1 October,all,ndjmiller,"Clearly a lot of effort has gone into making this game. Lovely graphics but repetitive, boring combat. The bosses are frustratingly difficult, and yes I know you can lower the difficulty setting but what's the point of playing a game on a certain setting only to change it every time you get to one of the bosses ? Overall I recommend it, but only just, you must have a lot of patience."
76561198082111464,Recommended,409450,29389744,Posted: 20 January,all,jeffrey157,"The downside to creating a game in this style is that everything is compared to Legend of Grimrock, and it is pretty hard to live up to what that game has done.To start I beat the first four levels and then sat back and said I'm just not havnig fun.PROs1The Devs seem very interested in answering questions about the game and fixing bugs, (this is a big one for me)2Played on high settings the game does not look to bad at all3 Maping works great, easy to add notes to the map. also gives an exploration feel while you try to find the first map of each level4 each character has 3 ailites trees to pick from and you can mix and match, adds alot of custimization.Con1 Battles do not feel unique, most battles have a routine that gets repetitive almost immidetly.2 A treasure hunt was added to the game after release, after 4 levels of hunting you have two respec gems, and it just feels like a let down, you see this treasure through the cage and its a sweet red diamond with a black case, and your pumped about what this thing could be and, ya, nothing that feels helpful, especially if your playing on a hard difficulty.3. limited number of enemies per level, no way to grind for a little extra XP.4. potions, you get very few potions and if you use two of them to closely together one does not work aswell the games does tell you this will happen but that does not make it any better. ( I woud understand this rule if potions were laying everywhere, but they are scarce indeed)5. I played 25 hours and can't remember solving a riddle, there may have been one but I honstly dont remember it ( I'm not counting the treasure hunt as it was added after release, )Both1 Character creation was cool with class and race limits like DnD with bonuses, but you cannot make a party of your choosing. Everyone gets 1tank,1heals, 2 DPS ( I was thinking 2 tanks to bounce agro between could be cool)Overall for myself after 25 hours I just was not having fun. for $20.00 I just didn't feel I got my moneys worth. I sincerely hope others do find this game to be fun. I hope the Devs for this game make another one in the same style thats even bette becasue I woud definitly try it after seeing how involved with this project they have been.After second review I still do not think that the game works for me and I will never finish it but The developer has keep open communication with many of the people writing reviews of this game. Even adding mods for people to help them enjoy it more, it is because of this that I am changing my review, I wish every game had developers that were so understanding and flexible. If this Dev team makes another game they will get my money."
,Not Recommended,409450,32381025,Posted: 12 June,all,♥,"for now i cannot fully reccomend this game but i suspect it has great promise and will only continue to improve, i'm only writing a negatie review to try and highlight some issues i have with the game so that the developer can do what's necessary to make this game truly stand out and be worthy of constant play1) it's unclear what the difference is between classeswhat do i give up as a necromancer vs a druid?  what are the pros/cons or strengths/weaknesses?  this is something i'd really like to know2) i'd really like to see dual classing added to this game in a balanced fashioni.e. player chooses ranger+healer = druid, rogue+warrior = duelist, this is pretty much a must for me as i'd rather play a CRPG where I can do this than a dungeon crawler where i can't3)  REMOVED , developer addressed this below4) queueingqueueing of skills is good and necessary, and while the queued skills are VISIBLE, i don't feel that they are the most effective way of presenting this information.5) spells and skills lack synergy, as the developer says below there is some synergy between characters but not enough synergy with skills on a per-character basis6) forcing us to use a tank/healers/2dps is criminalagain work on letting us dual class so that we can create different types of parties7) get some writing help, the game's writing feels extremely cheesy at times, which is a shame because everything else is  qutie well done, but this is definitely a serious weak point.8) too much chatter between teammates, please make an option to turn off tutorial (not sure if there is one).  developer says you can just ""skip"" the tutorial messages, but i'd really like to see a way to turn off this early chatter.9)  bossesfind a way to make them something other than tank and spank, develloper claims below that bosses require movement, etc, but the problem still remains that bosses do not do a good job of feeling like a chaotic, different encounter, they just feel like slightly more dangerous standard enemies with more health10 ) REMOVED, developer addressed this below"
76561197992557097,Not Recommended,409450,28742295,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SleepDepJoel,"I really, really want to like this game.  It tries to use the holy trinity TANK-DPS-HEAL combo, but most of the skills are pretty bland; they do their function but without anything interesting or exciting happening.  I want to feel like I'm making smart choices during boss fights, but honestly I'm just following the same skill cycle for them as I do for trash mobs, with the occasional exception of stepping backwards to dodge a super attack and then stepping forwards to get back into the skill rotation.Art direction and level design aren't anything special; no interesting setting or clever puzzles."
76561198030570438,Not Recommended,409450,29904718,Posted: 13 February,all,ringod123,"Unfortunately not for me, after only half an hour it felt like a sterile, linear grind-fest with set loot placed at regular intervals.Performance seemed ok, plodding along at 60fps with occasional dips to 20-30fps.Level design seemed very basic and visually uninteresting, although granted i didnt play enough to get out of the first dungeon.The story (or what i seen of the story) was probably it's poorest feature, from the below par dialogue to the whole game pausing until you clear the text, completely killing the flow of the game.Got it for £4.49, for me it still wasnt good value for money, but if you really like Legends of Grimrock style games and must play every one, you may find value @ £4.49 (70% off), just don't expect it to grab you like Grimrock probably did."
76561198047669191,Not Recommended,409450,19554783,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SatelliteOfLove,"Fall is an interesting idea, combining tried-and-true Dungeon Master level design with tried-and-true WoW character design, but in action does not come together in an engauging whole.Unlike in full DM-sourced dungeon crawlers, in Fall, the aggro/automatic/tinker-based combat precludes any and all maneuvering and the ability to take on more than one enemy group at a time. This enforces resting to full, doing the rotations, finding that one trick to snuff that one dangerous ability, throw stats at each other till one party falls, then repeat thruout the dungeon. Character choice is very low ceiling as well, with a full Protection tank and full-time healer necessary past the 2nd diffiiculty level.Level design is solid, but not particularly great at any time. It does remain a solid highlight, however.Sound design is weak, with distracting ambience and wierd vocalizations.It sounds like I'm slagging on this game, but it is At War With Itself and doesn't really excell at other areas to compensate.Caveat: if you are hungry for another DC (like I was) it's not a waste of your money by any means so enjoy with full knowledge that there are better our there."
76561198158618992,Recommended,409450,30880767,Posted: 1 April,all,brewer5753,"awesome game, i want more"
,Not Recommended,409450,23834921,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,LivingLitch,"Its grimrock minus the puzzles but with the MMO tank, healer, and 2 DPS feel to it. Dont get this if your a wizardry fan."
76561198002994478,Not Recommended,409450,24488689,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Styx,"Fall of the Dungeon Guardians tries to do something new with the dungeon crawler genre and it introduces a few potentially nice tweaks like being able to move the camera around. However it also manages to suck all the fun out the combat, and it feels like you've lost a lot of the rpg elements you expected.If you're a fan of dungeon master, go play that again or either of the legend of grimrock games."
,Not Recommended,409450,21573912,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Playonwards,"Nostalgia props for grid based interface. Game has adjustable difficulty settings and yet feels like a grind almost right away and does not relent. Story, character etc are negligible. Played for five hours."
76561198036336832,Not Recommended,409450,21894066,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,facebreak,"Its like Grimrock and Warcraft had a slightly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby.  There are two types of cooldowns, the ability and the gobal.  With gobal, you can get haste to lower it so you can get to other skills more quickly, HOWEVER, you have to be in attack range to do so, otherwise your gobal just resets to max and once your back in range of an enemy, it restarts.  This is amazingly stupid and makes it near impossible to kite when needed.  All the boss fights play out like a WoW boss fight with a trick or two you need to watch for.  Example :  Bone Dragon, there is a purple mist and a green mist each at the far center of a square room, need to run into it to get a dmg reduction buff for 2 long cast time ablilities.  While I'm side running to get one or the other, my gobals stop, even though most of my dots that HAVE RANGE BTW cant cast cause the gobal stops.  Broken system, not a bad idea at all for a game, but needs to have a few things checked.  Gobals shouldnt stop unless your character gets CC'd in some way for example."
,Not Recommended,409450,32985024,Posted: 29 June,all,S7.RainbowDash,"Game is ok, but it's way too easy and it drags on, the skill sets are pretty uninteresting."
,Not Recommended,409450,20511003,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Brian,"If you are a fan of both grid style RPG's and World of Warcraft this may appeal to you.  It has traditional grid based movement/maps and a wide variety of character classes which use WoW-like talent trees and abilities complete with aggro management, healing and dps roles.  Combat is toe-to-toe slogging it out in pausable real-time battles rather than the poke and dodge style of the grid style games (see Dungeon Master, Eye of the Beholder, Legend of Grimrock) which it emulates.The game falls short in a few areas such as inventory/item management and mapping.  Although the game has an automap you cannot use it until you find the map object on each level.  This means you can't make any in-game notes about things you find until after you have located the map.  Once you have the map it works as expected automatically filling in the areas you visited before finding it.  The map object was a terrible idea and should have been left out.Inventory is also quirky.  You must drag items (which have a WoW-like spew of stats and bonuses) into the inventory before they can be equipped and for better or worse there is only a single shared invetory for the entire party.Combat is hit and miss (no pun intended).  It mostly auto attacks for you while you juggle the use of special abilities to keep track of healing, dps and aggro for your group.  Characters will not start attacking a new target on their own when their current target dies so you also have to watch out for the little eyeball icon which indicates a character is idle.  Combat can be paused by pressing space and skills can be queued up but given the large number of skills and characters propensity to end up just sitting around idle it feels very chaotic and almost out of your hands.  Just like WoW you will likely find yourself watching health/mana bars and skill timers to the exclusion of the rest of the screen.  The good news is that staring at the bars may take your mind off the crudeness of the graphics.Persoanlly the game does not appeal to me.  I would instead strongly reccomend getting Legend of Grimrock 1 and or 2 instead of this or even looking online for now ancient games such as the Dungeon Master or Eye of the Beholder games for something more enjoyable."
76561197983503833,Not Recommended,409450,18973028,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Zelurs,"This seems like a mod project for Grimrock series, so blatantly it rips the graphics from those games. But combat is more akin to the M&M; when you encounter a foe you just root yourself on the spot and choose which abilities to use at which time. This dilutes the tactics aspect of the game as most of the time you just use the best dps ability on your damage dealers and keep your tank topped on health with your healer. Level design is also a little bit uninspired, at least the three first levels are mostly just huge labyrinths. There is a try at some dialogue at the beginning of the game to explain the setting but it is horrendously bad. It would have been better just to stumble upon this labyrinth than to suffer through that ""dialogue"".I can't recommend this game to anyone except to the most hardcore fans of the genre. Players new to the genre should check Grimrock series or Might & Magic X. Everything here feels uninspired. But still after all this negativity, there is some charm to it. I'll probably continue to play this and see does it get better further on."
76561198018801450,Not Recommended,409450,19482698,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,sgbarnes,Owes a lot to Gimrock.  Rather unbalanced.  The boss on the 4th level is nearly impossible.  I cannot recommend.
76561197984481085,Not Recommended,409450,20610307,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Wink,"Couldn't figure out how to get the eyeball thing symbol off the party members so they would attack.  The soundswere pretty good, the graphics okay, but the user interface was too hard to figure out.I never got more than my main guy to attack.  Maybe its supposed to be that way, but who knows."
76561198142761170,Not Recommended,409450,19084360,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Slipperyjim,"TLDR: Final review update: After trying this game with a savegame bug fixed I can finally complete my review. The bug had me originally playing on mercenary difficulty which is a scale of 1:1 whilst saying it was on adventure difficulty which is 0.5:1. At proper adventure difficulty the game was easy and I would have to increase it back up to provide any real challenge. I do not like the implementation of the difficulty scaling on gameplay however, as it is heavily biased toward the enemy HP and damage, with no increase for the player party in defensive or offensive ability, making the game back to where I started at being ridiculously OP in enemy favour at 1:1 scale. Also as others have noted the level design is uninspiring, barring the slight 3D walkway system mentioned in my original post. I also do not favour the combat system employed here, finding it rather limited in strategic options when compared to other games of this genre old and new (to clarify a little it is really just a pause and play system with cooldown timers, not really a turn based system like as in you take a turn then opponant takes a turn, and only a real time system if you don't pause. However unless you play on some ridiculously easy setting you won't be able to play without constant pause/unpause, also it pretty much a stand in front of the enemy untill battle resolved system without any possibility of movement based tactics). IMHO you would be better served aquiring an excellent title like Legend Of Grimrock II, which is far superior in all counts and is hard to pull yourself away from. Whereas I am not even inspired to crank this one up anymore and can only see it gathering dust in my library, just as well it was only cheap. So some people may have some fun with this, but I hope this review was of help to those seasoned gamers of RPG and dungeon crawlers who really want to know if they should waste their time with it or not:)P.S. I've also blocked the dev from making any more comments in this thread, as he's wasting my time and energy after I told him the conversation was over. But he can't accept that and wants to keep having his little hissy fit, and now he rekons I've been lying about what he said, however all his comments are there for anyone who wants to be bothered reading them. And yeah I called him a needy little crybaby about 60% into the thread when he had become overbearing and harassing, but if the shoe fits then wear it right? And didn't his mammy teach him that ""sticks and stones can break your bones but names can never hurt you""? So if he's so bothered by it, then it must be because he has a guilty conscience! And to give you an idea of how he twists everything, in his ""EDIT"" to his response he claims I am deleting ""all"" his comments, but in fact I only removed the last few. That kinda of overstatement and misreading of facts started in his very first posts to me as you can read for yourself. Also take note of how he's attempted to take over the thread like it was his avenue for selling his game and ideas, however Valve in their infinite wisdom have elected to make me the thread moderator because it is my review of the game, and my opinion of it is not up for question. People can take it or leave it, as is their individual perogative:)Original review started here:A different take on the Dungeon Master/Grimrock style of first person party based dungeon crawler. However I found the combat to be poorly balanced and party make up fairly redundant e.g. If you have a party that'd be balanced from a roleplaying point of view Tank + Healer + Magic User + Rogue you will find your tank is to soft to tank, and your healer cannot heal fast enough, your casters spells do little damage and your rogue has no real ability to wrest the aggro away from your tank if needed. In most cases when coming across a boss, the boss could use its abilities in very rapid succession, certainly much faster than you could use yours. Also the bosses could do attacks with damage of 50+ to 100 HP when your attacks can only do tiny amounts like 5/10/25 maybe some with damage over time like bleeding, but so could some of the boss attacks on you cause you to bleed. Add to that the fact that at lvl 2 my tank only had 210HP even with gear boosting his stamina/HP, while the same lvl 2 boss has 2000-2500HP you can see why it is ridiculously OP, given that other members in your party have less HP than your tank (like 100-150HP) a boss could take 2 swings to render a party member unconsious and useless, those 2 swings taking less time than you can even put a heal on them or pull the aggro off them. And even your tank could be put out  by some of the bosses attacks that deal around 100HP by just 2-3 hits. The dev rekons that this game is not a hit and then dodge type game, but rather a stand in front of the enemy until battle resolved type game. However such tactics will surely result in a quick demise on your part as its not possible to interrupt the enemys attacks quickly or often enough without filling your party with specific character types that have that kind of ability, thus making other character types redundant EDIT: (apperantly you can't do this as the interrupt ability is tied to the whole party, not one specific party member therefore you can only wait for the cooldown to expire, which is quite a while under the pause/unpause system in the game). I had to employ some dodging type tactics, but was ultimately defeated from using this tactic by a boss that could move and shadow my every move so quickly that he'd be in the opposite square almost before I could get there, so the game was reading my keypresses and working to defeat me by pretending my enemy had some kind of ESP as to where I'd move? Even trying to stand and fight this enemy, I had only managed to reduce his HP's to about 65% his original total before my tank went down, and my healer and magic user had all but exhausted their mana pool, but without my tank it was game over anyway!And BTW if you retreat/run away to regenerate/heal the enemys HP regenerate as well, so you might as well heal to full and start the battle from scratch.I also found the party member selection in your party, and targeting the enemy in the rear positions of an enemy party a little bit clumsy and awkward. Inventory and map/skill managment were not that intuitive or good as the originals in this class of game either.In final analysis the game has some nice touches graphics and sound wise, also it is the first time I have seen 3 dimensional level design in this type of crawler (there are places where paths cross overhead and enemys can fire down or up at you and visa versa), but to recommend it even at the current price, there would need to be some serious balancing done. In fact overall it feels like a game half done gameplay wise, like it had some nice ideas but they were never really explored or developed fully.EDIT UPDATE: It seems there was a bug in my game showing Adventurer difficulty when in fact I was playing Mercenary difficulty (adventurer should only be 0.50 scaling), my review may change after I have had a chance to check out the fixed difficulty setting."
76561198072826923,Not Recommended,409450,29993259,Posted: 17 February,all,KOS-MOS,Micro management simulator 2000.The game is extremely BORING and linear.5/10 Spare your time and money and buy Legend of Grimrock 1 and 2.
76561198134658246,Not Recommended,409450,25394201,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ribrack,"I played just over an hour, and just can't get into it. Walking through the dungeon is cool, but the combat is annoying. First person POV with 4 characters doesn't work for me. Attacks seem slow - and what's the swipe meter supposed to be for? I don't get it, and it doesn't feel fun enough to bother with the instructions. All this ""tank, damage dealer, ..."" jargon makes me feel like it's set up to be veryformulaic. Not very interesting.Wish I'd bought something else."
76561197970538715,Not Recommended,409450,28961719,Posted: 2 January,all,phenar,"controls are bad, you have to move the view in order to pick items up and the combat is at best wonky. simple which is good just poorly executed."
76561197964216681,Not Recommended,409450,19026624,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,PL,"There are better dungeon crawlers, save your funds for something else."
76561197984740663,Not Recommended,409450,23045192,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GhostFace,"I got suckered into believing the reviews, they are either friends of the creators or they got paid....this is an amateurish *pos*.  The character creation would have been a joke even in the 80s, not kidding it seriously is pathetic....I cannot begin to tell you how serious I am...do not waste one dollar on this garbage...there are way too many games you can buy for the same price that are actually competent.  I got scammed out of 12 dollars."
