user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198023977621,Not Recommended,409590,19664659,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Wuulfe,"At present state, I still really couldn't recommend the game.   There's not a great deal to do really and it doesn't feel over-satisfying to play (in my opition)Granted I haven't touched the game for over a year now, I can't really further my comments on the game.  However, I still maintain my disapproval and anger toward the developer for how he used submission and control over banning my access to the forum regarding points I made that he didn't agree on.If you really want a game that's utterly pushing forward on updates, look at Empyrion.  Granted its a space game and completely different to Kingdoms, but with the players input, blueprints and additions to the game, as well as the regular updates and continuous improvement to the game by the developer - THAT'S how alpha-games are done.I was banned last year by a forum moderator - I'm guessing the developer in regards to a reply I'd stated to someone's post.  The few early access developers I've had the misfortune of knowing have basically taken our money and ran.  I stated on a reply to a post that this had happened with other early access developers and I haven't - yet - seen any movement really forward with this project.  So his answer was to ban me from the discussions part of the community hub.Now, this is the first ban I've had from a discussions thread - ever - on Steam and I've been on steam a long long time.Clearly this developer cannot handle criticism and clearly he doesn't answer questions on his own ""questions"" thread.  I've had 3 remain unanswered.I've lost any respect for this developer. It's a pity it's too late to refund, but hey.. Can't be helped"
76561197998771711,Recommended,409590,19353931,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jackxter,"It's a bit of a risk buying this game, even if that risk is only $10. On one hand it does have a lot of potential, the developers seem to have the basics down, and they have updated the game with new content already. Said content is a bare minimum for what you'd call a 'game' and there really isn't more than about an hour's worth of stuff to do. Not to mention, there's always a chance these guys will do what I've seen other developers do and just take the money they make and abandon the project. Still, if you've got $10 to blow and want to take a small gamble to support these guys, go for it. If not, I'd recommend waiting a few updates to see if they follow through. They're claiming to be able to update the game monthly - look at their roadmap to see what they have planned. If they can manage it, it may become one of the best games on the market. If not, it'll just be yet another overly-ambitious project left to die.When it comes to that, my gut's telling me this project has around a 60% chance of succeeding."
,Recommended,409590,32553917,Posted: 18 June,all,Papa Optical,"KINGDOMS is really rough at the start, I quickly became turned off due to the graphics but I put it in the back of my mind because thats not really what makes a game and all. But then I experienced my first encounter with the combat...its not good and I hope that this gets worked on in the near future. I decided to still not refund even after the negatives that I witnessed that would have already been refunded after 20min with any other game. For some reason I stayed with it and after 4 hours I can say that im really enjoying this game, the idea of what this can become is pretty much the sole reason why im sticking with it. KINGDOMS is oozing with potential, from the city building(which is the strongest part of the game)/managment to the thought of a war system.This is probably the best example of a diamond in the (early access) rough. Pretty much everything needs work and with proper funding this game could really become something great. At a pretty good price point at that.tl;dr its a rough start but the game really starts to open up after the first hour or so and you should deff keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,409590,32821426,Posted: 26 June,all,Dulakaba,"I don't mince words and I don't massage egos. Here it is, from the hip and from the heart.I got this game near the very beginning of its time on steam, it literally would not run on my machine and I got my refund. It kinda broke my heart because it sounded like everything I was looking for in a game.Many moons later after checking in on it over and over again and seeing progress in its development I could not stand the wondering about its state of progress and I got it again. I loaded it up, crossed my fingers gave it a go. It ran, it had very little content but it had that feeling like a rose about to open or a chick pecking at the eggshell to get out.I set it aside kept an eye on the store page and gave it a go everytime it updated. By this point I had maybe 5 hours in.A few months back I got caught of up in 7 days to die and fallout 4 and kind of forgot about it.A few days ago I loaded it up and to my suprise I was not on a hillside surounded by bears, I was on a ship flying towards a coast! Everything was new, I flailed, I noobed, I died, I fell in love. The game of my dreams had arrived.This game is art, it breaks the mold, it already has taken me by storm and I have put in 30 hours in 3 days. I have started to stream it, record it and can't fathom that it has so much more in its future.You can't appreciate this game with only 20 minutes of play, you need to go to the discussion pages and look at the tutorials to play it correctly and get a proper start. It is early access and that means it has quirks and is not wiki-ed and walk throughed. I promise you this, if you like civ / kingdom builders with a focus on rpg style progress you will find a hidden gem here.You arrive on an island aboard a sailing ship in the 1400's with 20 other people looking to start anew.You may be a founder trained in the scholarly arts that allow the starting of your own settlement...You may choose to be a black smith or a hunter, a swordsman or an archer who wants to join a coloney and do your part. Maybe you are a farmer at heart who wants to start a farmstead with wheat and a windmill and the whisleing winds.You are not alone, ships arrive regularly bringing new people who want to make their own colonies, You will need the help of the others who have come, to learn new skills, to trade and sell your goods, to defend your settlement, or to go to war and take the other settlements by right of arms.With a huge island of up to 2000 NPC characters, full seasons, and up to 150 animals per square km there are caves of wonder with rare resources and dangerous beasts mingled with wild horses amid wild plants to harvest and sow.King, bandit, farmer, or artisan, you decide your fate and the fate of your kingdoms..."
76561198047433042,Recommended,409590,32051368,Posted: 29 May,all,Freeasabird,"This game is coming along Nicely, yeah it, WAS kind of dead a while ago, but the Dev guy has returned and it seems as if he's working his Fingers to the bone to get out as many bug fixes and occasional new content (and by occasional i mean Bug fixes practically every day and New content every 2-3 weeks to a month-Not long really) as fast as he can!.so just so your aware, THE GAME IS NOT DEAD its alive and kicking! if you find the premise of this game intriguing, by all means buy it, Support this developer and this Awesome game. the game is still under development, and the dev guy is open to suggestions and appreciates players finding bugs for him to fix. This is an awesome game, that has Plenty of potential."
76561198014210785,Recommended,409590,21740391,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Antediluvian,"One of my favourite games so far for this year and it has a hell of a lot of potential, with a decent amount of current playable content. If you enjoy First person sandbox survival RPG's with a strong crafting base, then please read this review.Pro's and Con'sFirst Person Sandbox Survival RPG- A rewarding leveling system, where your choices influence your ability to construct a variety of building, affecting in turn what you can craft.- Mount and Blade type of atmosphere with animals, survival and settlement building thrown in.- Procedurally generated world, will the slaughter of bears never end  ?! mwahahahar...- The world regenerates, trees will grow over time, ores will reappear somewhere and animals respawn- A tad buggy.. some Animals will be invincible ( FLEE, run for your life, ... this bear isn't taking any damage ) but when you find a Wildberry bush that has an enormous amount of fruit to give you won't complain hahahah nomnomnom..- Some perks are ineffective, or rather do not give you the listed bonuses, such as Yager and Skinner.- So i've built a Settlement... but im rather alone.. /tumbleweeds... how do we attract people to our Settlement ? good question :P This is why I suggest starting at another Settlement and expand with them for now.- Framerate issues / Lag.  It's an issue for quite a lot of folks.  I will suggest you Choose ""Fastest"" for Video / Graphics options when you run the game.  Try removing the Bloom setting in game as well.Firstly.. choosing your beginning perks with the 20 points you get.. well, much can be said here, but i'll try to spare you some time.  I understand a lot of people will do w/e they like and discover what works for them. I've started several times myself in order to either dump a corrupt save and start again or retry new perks from the beginning. The faster you get exp the better imho ( in my honest opinion )I recommend starting with Chopper, Scholar & Scrivenr ( giving you a 25% exp bonus )You will start at a random point on the map with an Axe, a sword and a torch. Allow me to give you some advice on where to go from here..  Look around and find a tree that is NOT near a bear hahahah... no seriously.. you need to make a bow and arrows..TAB opens your inventory and the one the left hand side you'll find tabs, the topmost tab is your inventory, pickup and place the axe in your left-most hand slot to equip it, close inventory with TAB again and press 2 to weild the Axe.  Walk over to the tree or Hold Left Shift while you move ( W,A,S,D ) towards it to run.  When you reach the tree a circle will appear for your aiming reticle signalling that you are in range to begin harvesting it.  Chop Chop Chop.. ( hold left mouse ) you'll notice the circle filling slowly... when it fills you will receive 1 Wood ( 2 x wood and chopping speed if you chose the Chopper perk ).When you've fulfilled your lumberjacking fantasies enough ( 6 wood is a good enough start ) you open your inventory again and pick the tab at the bottom for crafting, choose to craft on the right hand page without a bench and you turn wood into planks 1 wood = 5 planks = 1 self crafted wooden bow,  1 plank = 1 arrow etc, leave the arrows in your inventory while you are crafting more arrows and they will continue to stack to 20.Place your new bow in the left slot and the arrows in the right slot and you are ready to hunt bears ( cackles maniacally )Lets face it.. in this game there's no point hunting anything but the creature that gives you the most EXP.  Bears will give you 200 exp without any of the Scholar tree perks.  Press 2 to wield the bow, click ( or hold ) the RMB ( right mouse button ) to prepare the bow for firing in your other hand and hold RMB to arm an arrow and raise the bow. Now at this stage you can either click LMB to fire or unhold RMB to lower the bow thereby not wasting the arrow.  Alternatively you can use LMB holding down to ready the bow and release to fire the arrow, but you cannot lower the bow from this stance and save the arrow.Find a Settlement asap ( M to open map.. if it looks like a Chapel ( not a greek Pantheon ) run to it,  the faster you get there the sooner you can begin to take quests from the board, earning you gold and exp. I have personally not experienced any reputation / Fame increments from completing quests for the population, but i've been more of a wanderer around the map, searching for a perfect place to build my own settlement.Now you're ready to explore.. make a name for yourself in this world of infinite bears... will you become Master of the hunt, roaming the land and setting up rudimentary shelters to rest before you again set off to explore.. Or will you become Jack of all Trades, buying from towns, crafting their produce into something better to resell again elsewhere. Or an owner-builder taking a piece of land for yourself and establishing a Settlement, building it the way you see fit. ?Either way this game is certainly a great way to spend your days, immersed in the survival, crafting and hunting. Pick it up and see for yourselfIn this Early Access state I give it a 6 / 10.  The more content and patches it receives, the better.Good luck out there, may the wilderness be gentle with you ^_^"
,Recommended,409590,26163661,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,m.boop127,"This is the first review I have ever posted, but considering the high number of negative reviews at current, I thought I should weigh in. This game is NOT finished, or really even playable. What it absolutely is is an incredibly cool project which has been making steady progress since its inception. If you have $10 to spare, I would absolutely recommend purchasing this title because of what it represents. Very rarely do we see games with such innovative concepts as well as steady progress in creation. Don't kill what could be a huge success because of the cynicism you have about other early access games that have burned us in the past."
76561198075376100,Recommended,409590,20581961,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,joshellis49,"Definitely shows a lot of potential, not to many games out there that are like this, where you have the option of what kind of job you want, or if you want to run your own town. I’ll admit it’s a bit buggy, but the developers are updating it and debugging it as we speak."
76561198039744358,Not Recommended,409590,19855044,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tenyrafar,"Shame on you for adding to the long long list of risky ""early access"" games. I bought this to get a fresh game to check out, fully aware it would not be a finished game. This game is nothing more than a standard survival engine clad in some relatively simple graphics, with a very few types of npc's moving around. This game is FAR from any level where you can take money from people and expect them to be happy about it. I hope this game is playable the next time I check it out. Realistically I expect that to take at least a year."
76561198193707799,Recommended,409590,28348130,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Arzend,"I would deffinetly recomend this game, in the future. right now it is playable, but there isn't alot to do yet. I've been watching this game get alittle better with each update. the developing team seems to be small, so updates take a while and usually arn't ground breaking, but do usually add nice things, fix bugs, and refine features. this game has a good concept and I like where it's potentially going, if it stays on track. I see no reason to believe that it won't be a very good game when it's finished, and I'm sure I'll enjoy playing it for many more hours than I have already as it continues to develope and grow."
,Not Recommended,409590,18779570,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"It's deep, DEEP Alpha atm. I'd wait a while before purchasing, because all you'll be doing is building houses, and killing animals. And if you're one of those guys who like to browse the forums, there are some really defensive people there who moniter the forums like hawks and harrass anyone who says something slightly negative.Sorry devs, looks like a good idea, but until I see some actual content, i'm getting a refund."
76561198035577306,Recommended,409590,20715298,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sirlachy8,"Like many people who have said this before, this game shows a lot of potential, but it shows an entirely unique game that puts the player in a world were there are smart npc's.I'd like people to take into account majority of the negative comments are based on the fact that there is not enough content in the game, therefor don't buy the game if you don't think it meets up with your standards.Personally I have fun with the content that is present in the current game and with small improvement and tweaks here and there this game will possibly be one of my most played and favourite game."
76561198309145898,Recommended,409590,23448392,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,PoISoned,"We have the following here:++++Skills system+++Building system++Hunting++Crafting+Exploring----Optimization---AI---Combat system--Ranged weapon--No many quests7/10 - playable, enjoyable in some aspects"
76561197964657758,Recommended,409590,18693986,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TrackTerror,"Wait a while so the devs can polish this, great potential but lots more to do before this game will be enjoyable."
76561198289626720,Recommended,409590,33409178,Posted: 9 July,all,ValkyrieOne2,"Despite the game page being out-of-date by several weeks, the game is certainly far beyond what it's current advertisement displays via videos and pictures. New animals, music, gameplay features, options within the game, U.I. Systems, etc. These are all constantly being improved upon, with new content every week, if not every single day.It's an easy to learn game, with helpful tips and flavor-text for skills, proffessions, buildings, etc. The only learning curve will be for adapting to the current stage of combat, which is constantly being worked on. Unlike your typical hack and slash RPG, this puts an emphisis on how you are a part of the world, not the prospective overlord that can single-handedly cut down armies. You will start out on par with your everyday NPC and will have extreme difficulty fighting hostile wildlife. Over time, you will get better equipment, better skills, but still have the same amount of HP, which means that while you can do more damage, and the damage you take is less, it will ultimately come down to your skill.The A.I. is a fresh take on survival/rpg/city-builders. You impact the world, but this world is very well and happy to exist without you. If the player takes zero action with any of the settlements that are randomly built by these A.I. NPC's, they will still build, thrive, and eventually follow their own individual destinys. You are a part of the world, not thee world.Overall, this could go on for many paragraphs, but the end point is this; It's a good game, but it's Early Access, so if you want to be a part of a growing game, with an outstanding community, and a dedicated developer, then hop on in. It will be an adventure, as new content comes out. Don't expect to be thrown into Mount and Blade, Skyrim, or any other major known title just yet. It's moving towards being a game of reknown, with elements from many different titles, to include the ones above. First person combat, with 3rd person coming in the future. Army leading, village development, ranks, titles, etc.If you like... Mount and Blade, 7 Days to Die, Subsistence, Elder Scrolls, Life is Fuedal, or any others like that, then I would strongly suggest trying out; Kingdoms."
76561198097869505,Not Recommended,409590,28520537,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MuchPurse89,As much as i want this game to become great I can't recommend it at this time. The devs have been very slow on updates and patches. The game has a lot of potential and it has changed since the beginning of 2016 through updates but there is not enough content to keep a player in game and entertained.I will edit this review as updates come out adding more content.
76561198055868524,Recommended,409590,34097699,Posted: 8 August,all,yami.hayashi,"This game is really good, even its not in its full potential. You came with a group of settlers to unknown land and you can do whatever oyu want, you can stay and help to develop a setlement, you can go exploring caves and ruins to find treasures and then sell to other settlers, or you can hide in moutnaims where you create a bandits hideout from where you rob everyone else. This game has simply so much to offer even now.Sadly, developers are getting some hate for releasing updates slowly. Lately it has been 1 update for 2-3 months, but you must note, that this updates are really big. They always contain lot of new stuff, bugfixing and graphical improement. So i give it thumb up, because i like the way developers are doing it right now. Yes its slow, but every patch is worth the waiting."
76561197964960601,Not Recommended,409590,21330124,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Trecares,Extremely laggy due to hundreds of animals spawning within visual range. Devs are very slow in fixing critical issues. You'll note many reviewers have low number of hours because this game is basically unplayable.
76561198058377987,Recommended,409590,32565215,Posted: 19 June,all,Gopnik,The game is overall full of content and devs are constantly working on it and the price is also very generous say the least. It feels a lot like Mount and Blade: Warband therefore I would go as far as saying that this game is good investment of money and a good way to spend time playing medieval sandbox game while waiting for Mount and Blade: Bannerlord to finally come out!
76561197979402731,Recommended,409590,22664542,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zatio,"If this game looks interesting to you then grab it if you are a mature person and got patience.Its not going to be done any time soon, but while waiting you get to help support the game by buying the game.You can also help by giving suggestions to make the game even better.Tho if you don't care about supporting thedevs then early acess is not for you.At the moment you can create a simple male character, you can choose what skills he start out with witch decides what your characters spawns with in his inventory.Things you can do, some basic fetch quests, help the npc build their buildings, kill animals, make a farm and grow a decent varied crop to use as food or sell at npc shops that have a very limited ammount of goods to trade for.Build your own settlement, build houses,build a small ammount of crafting items  and crafting based buildings.Your character get xp from doing quests and killing animals witch then can be used to learn skills from villagers once you get enough to level up.I got this game back when all you had was a rusty sword and houses to build and even now the bear threat is real, have to thank the devs for the bow as it helps allot when dealing with the hostile bear population that has been after my hide since day one.There are plenty of bugs in the game but no game breaking bugs other then the once in a while hacker bear that will noclip into the ground and inside of your house to get your♥♥♥♥♥This game might be a great game one day and i can see no reason not to support this game so i suggest to give it a try or if you get mixed feelings from the reviews, watch some videos about the game before doing anything.This is my opinion and nothing more.27.04.2016"
76561198004062885,Recommended,409590,28403041,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Reaver,"So after a small 8 hours in, i think i can give a assessment of the current stage.As always it's EA so expect some bugs and alas even got some frame drops during one building of my settlement. Had to restart anewI have started a new settlement just yesterday since my earlier save was going great! Except for the fact that the AI NPC stole all the quests from the message board (I have untill now always started my own settlements), which is kinda annoying but understandable although you do miss out on XP for this. But rest asured you gain a lot of xp from simply cutting trees, building the houses and so and gathering berries and seeds.The garden works, you can put the seeds in and it will grow overtime, timer included. I did build my own shop but i didnt have any trading happening with my settlers.Perhaps a change it placement could be usefull since now the NPC's just randomly put there building everywhere and the settlement looks a bit messy, although i understand its hard.Dont know yet for bakery and smithing i didnt use yet since i didnt possess the required skills.Found no one attacking me, not even my own settlers so dont know why people mention this. Although i did found out some settlers are angry with me all the time and ask me to leave the settlement, whilst most of them bow before me acknowledging me as the leader of the settlement.What the biggest issue for me now at the moment is, is the fact that although i start my own settlement i cant collect any taxes. This would mean that besides getting a few coins for missions (found a suitable location etc. ((This is also a bit buggy still)) i dont see any way to get money yet to, if needed, defend the town. If you need to hire ""soldiers""form you town NPS'c please be aware that this costs a crapload of money each day!!Perhaps if i can get further in the game i  can make money by trading but due to the bugs its kinda hard to get there.I like the fact you can basically use all the shops yourself even if you dont own them.I do miss the possibility of fishing actually, there is a lot of water and, in my humble opinion, fishing should be one of the key things to keep food stocks growing.Perhaps i will re-try and start wandering to assisst with other settlements.One last thing then is the ruins. I dont know what to think of them. You can enter ny menas of a door but for now it seems that they only have some ore inside (1 type only). When i ask my NPS'c townsmen they always tell me not to wonder into the ruins since they get scared from it, but i haven't found reason for that yet.All in all i am enjoying myself for now and i really hope the game will progress steadily.So option 1 - Build your own settlement, takes a long time, dont know where it leads to sometimes you need to save, re-save or retry when stuff goes wrong. (My tip would be to save game, take one quest, try to finish, if not then DONT take that NPS its quest you will not be able to finish this.)(If you are handy try to make a second save as back up since you always save the game under 1 file, meaning a restart sometimes is the only possiblity which kinda blows.Option 2 - Roam around as a swordfighter or archer, perhaps a cutter of trees included to speed up other settlements.I do recommend but please be aware of the flaw is called EA which can get frustrating sometimes, but the potential could be nice, e.a. Town on town warfare or trading and what not.I just hope that the devs are not taking too much on there plate with this like many others that bit the dust in EA.If any one has some tips or tricks are news about option 2 or i am doing something critically wrong in option 1 i mentioned i would really be interested in your review about this!EDITSo i have started with chopper and the first two swordfighter perks and just started walking. Found a settlement which i started to help. After three in game days i reached lvl 6 due to using the exp perks to gain a bit faster. If you want to help in a settlement make sure you have the WORKER perk on since you cannot even help build structures without the perk.A pluspoint is that if you talk to the leader of a settlement and ask about ruins he will give you a quest to explore one of them, will be shown on your map. However you only need to walk to it and your dairy will be updated no need to go inside. It will give you 100 xp basic and fixed 100 gold, prior to using the xp perks (scolar, scrivener etc.) I did this 5 times sadly enough always the same outcome by the way. The ruins itself only, like said above provide you with iron ore. I hope it will change at some point since the settlers are scared for the ruins for some reason but have not found anything to be scared of inside since they all look the same....I have also made a stone work thingy (sorry forgot the name) at which you should be able to work with stone, took the porks digger (5xp) and miner (10xp) but i cannot find out how to use since i cant find any actual stone to work with.....I going now for the smith perks so i can make my own, better, iron weapons. and/or toolsAlso the shops not owned by you fill op quite fast with supplies and the store had 1400 gold so you can sell seeds, berries or iron ore to get some cash. You are going to need the gold since iron boots i wanted to buy costs 4700 gold.....i mean....damn!!!So still enjoying the game since its really versatile in options. As soon as i get higher level i will leave the settlement i helped and see what more i can find.Hope this helps and if anybody has tips or tricks please let me know!"
,Recommended,409590,18833535,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Nick,"Not alot of playtime***Yet ive already gotten quite alot of info about it.Pro's:-Concept-Ai system-Singleplayer ( which makes this really good with the ai system )-CheapCon's:- Bugs (which are fixed fast by the developers )- Not much to do yet ( but getting better with more )I cant really say much more, is an EA game, and yet i feel the concept is so much better than any game ive played before, i posted a bug and in less than 30 minutes the developer had replied, he is a cool guy, and he loves feedback and idea's, so worth a buy and not just helping with the cheap price, you would also have a say in a possible AAA game in the future.I would give it:Overall 8/10Finished Overall 10/10 (if the concept is followed and expanded)Thanks.Nick."
,Recommended,409590,19305011,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MadWarrior_99,"First of all this game has a great concept I really liked the the idea of creating your own character and have your own knowledge,but the gameplay is unplayable and unenjoyable this game needs a lot of development,  but I wont refund this game because I want to support the developers and I know this game will be awesome so I wont play it for now but I will wait until it becomes playable."
76561198045062364,Recommended,409590,23441875,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Macattack988,"I've been watching Kingdoms for some time now, and though I've seen the comments for it, both positive and negative, with it being on sale right now, I decided to try it out. The last update happened all of a week ago, so there have been some changes, and while, yes, Kingdoms is very much a beta, the game has a lot of potential.Pros:- I kind of lost track of time and didn't realize I'd been playing it for a few hours (has a certain addictive quality, comparable to Minecraft)- There's relatively enough to do to keep you going. If you aren't building, you're doing things to help npcs, or you're gathering food/hunting- With all the warnings about bears, wolves and bears are fairly balanced and don't cause as much concern for enjoyment of the gameCons:- Yes there are bugs and glitches still. I wouldn't consider it a glitch or bug, but I spawned in a new world right beside a wolf (not cool!). My first and favourite glitch had to be getting stuck in the trees, which is reatively easy to do when jumping off a hill. If you get stuck, your best bet is to try and get your axe out and cut down the tree, as reloading the game didn't seem to work. Trees are glitchy in general as I've also witnessed 2D trees up close, and trees that can't be cut down.- Yes the animal spawns are still an issue, and that did eventually lagg my game a bit, but I never had game-breaking crashes as described by some, and I am using a laptop computer, and was expecting it as a possible problem.- The only thing I could add is the fact that the game still lacks a robust economic system to keep a player busy. It didn't take long to end up with all the town's money by selling stuff to all the stores, but then there is nothing worth spending money on yet within the game, and little to reward you for completing the limited number of quests available. I'm sure these are issues that will be addressed in time, but it would certainly add to a reason for building or assisting in the development of an existing town and investing in the shops if the player gains something out of it.All in all, it's actually a good start to a potentially great game, and I would recommend it."
76561198008964408,Recommended,409590,18665513,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sooner535{UFIP},"Please note I am (as of 5-30-16) working for the devs of this game, no additions have been made to this review since my hiring so it is still my unbiased opinion of this game. I will update this review when I have more timeMy experiences thus far:SpawnedWalked up to a ruinWalked into ChivvilleTalked to Khepri (leader of the town)Told me to go to ruins to exploreExplored the ruinsCame backCannot turn in quest as it is bugged for now (fixed)built a houseHelped Khepri and Jovix cut down the forest north of townWatched as Khepri, Jovix, and 10 others cut down trees and built new buildingsWent north to BaronVilleFound the leader Komri (whats with the Ks?)Town had 40+ buildings and 100+ people and I hadnt done a thing here (which was awesome)Watched Baronville chop every forest around and proceed to build 15 more housesWent back to ChivilleKilled KhepriChiville slowly died offBaronville now 200+ people and 100+ buildingsKilled a bear (difficult)Went to a lakeside town called Chandri (15 people and 10 buildings)Bought wood and sold berries for profit (they loved those berries)Came back to Baronville (now 250 people and 170 buildings)Helped to build 2 buildingsWatched as Baronville slowly built upEnjoyed the view from a nearby mountainDecided I enjoyed this gameSavedReviewedDeff worth a buy, also there is a indiego campaign going on where you can buy for 5 dollars and still support (I measure games in terms of 5 hours/dollar and this game will deff pay off) would suggest you buy it here or there.EDIT:New Update fixes alot of bugs, next content patch expected in under a month. Dev has released a roadmap which explains a huge amount of future content. Time to gunho and keep on playingEDIT 2:There is now a daily/bi-daily update branch to join for alot of the newer features for those less patient :D I plan to wait and play bi-update as to spread out my time more, worth a buy if you enjoy seeing games updated very often (check devlog in the forums of this game, will show all hes done)UPDATE:Finally played build 15 (I think the first build I played was 3? 5?) Here is how it went:SpawnedWalked to a farmMet Kalridan the farmer/builder (why no bob?)helped him plant cropsWent into his house (NO LOADING SCREEN! TAKE THAT SKYRIM!)slept in his bed (dont worry I only touched him once I swear)Went to the town of Calradian (Cameldian? Camridian? Cama something and other?)Helped build a huge 2 story tavern (I mean huge)found out that this building when finished lag spikeswent into the house (no loading screen but damn that 1-2 FPS hurts)wondered around drunk without drinkingwent back up to 10-15 FPSwent upstairsslept upstairswoke up to Krein the village idios hammering me (not what you think)SavedWrote this updateTBH: it has improved ALOT, this game has a huge amount of promise and it gleams with possibility and shine. Getting this under 20 dollars is a steal as I see myself playing for 1k+ hours once everything is done (or perhaps before then lol) I dont have the beafiest of PCs and play it on the second highest GFX settings so people should have no problem :) all in all buy it/ (will update once a few more builds have passed)Edit: (note this section onward is made with me working for the dev, this does not change my opinion of the game but I feel it important to note)The new update is solid, I went from a regular 40FPS to 60FPS constantly the game still has a few graphical and gameplay bugs, but this update is way better then before. Will update as I play more."
76561198032310832,Recommended,409590,18648472,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Chrizz2050,"Its in early stage, but has an amazing AI System which i never seen in any game before, big potential in this game and dev make a good impression to me.You should spend this 9,99€ to support the team, there is nothing like this in any other game before.you can relax an sit back, and the AI do the work and build entire towns and citys from scratch, really impressing.When combat is improved, you can raid these towns or you can build and rule your own, or do whatever you want, so much to do... ;)Clearly a yes"
76561198045394542,Recommended,409590,20550221,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Quevedo,"Recomend this game:a) I like the concept. You can read about it in the store page.b) The developers are committed to receive useful feedback from the players. They have set a schedule and announce when new changes will be made. If they are bottlenecked and are having problems with the scripts, they will announce the delay. They have been quite accountable. I think you should support the development of this game if it belongs to your favorite genres and you have the money."
,Recommended,409590,23434924,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Captain X (PhoenixX),"I have a lot of tolerance for early access games,  as a game that has only existed for 6 months, and appears to be developed by a single person, this is a brilliant effort.When compared to retail release games, it still has a long way to go. If you are a person that can respect some guy for taking on the challenge of building a game on his own, then certainly you will appreciate the effort that went into this game. If you have no idea what goes into game making.. then you need not apply; move on now...The basic framework for addictive gameplay is there, most core logics are working, graphics still has some bugs, as does logic.  But I can see where he is going with this game.  I actually got this game as some of the building layouts reminded me of minecraft.  The gameplay itself seems to be similar to the millionare/village building and trading addon of tekkit (minecraft) where you can provide supplies to villages and see the materials used to build and upgrade the village.  Players can help or create villages, and there is a basic skill tree already in place.On the other hand if you have some strange expectation for early access games to be polished and professionally put together.. then aside from the fact you are totally missing the point - you will probably not like this game .. yet.Still lots of graphical glitches, trees not aligning with ground and breaking up realistically, NPCs placing two houses in a single tile, an inventory that doesnt tell you when it is full nor can be expanded in any obvious manner, NPC menus that appear to only be designed for one specific screen mode which isnt the game default, and looks all buggy and overlapping when you try to go into the NPC training screen.   Animals spawned so frequently i often found animal ""towers"" stacked 10 high.  Players and animals can walk on water, NPCs founding invisible villages, NPCs being both alive and dead etc.Ignoring that, the game strikes me as only really needing basic menu alignment tweaks, and some graphical tweaking, and the game seems so far along already for a 6month effort.I hope the developer keeps at it, as the game even in its current state is appealing in a simple survival style sort of way.  There is enough depth to be interesting, and it has managed to avoid the tendancy of other games to be overcomplicated, which makes it a fresher game for casual survivalist fans. Even my daughter liked the look enough that she had a go before bedtime and probably wants a copy herself now.This game is also single player.  That is not a bad thing, makes it more of a casual flavor.  The skill tree is actually part of game play too not just a badge collection.overall with some ui polishing and maybe something more interesting for mines/ruins added; and less crazy spawn rates, and more durable npcs (i keep finding dead ones) this looks to become a fun casual survival game.it is also good they are supporting modding early on.i may be crazy but i liked it"
,Recommended,409590,18689077,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,EremitaNovem,There is a time in everyone's life when you just have to ride a deer through the woods. I don't think the game acutally has a deer riding mechanic per say but I managed to get atop one with some clever jumping and ride it to mother F****ing Victory. Then I was promptly mauled by a bear as apparantly I upset some type of ancient and unforgiving god. Worth further exploration.....
,Recommended,409590,26306381,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,psopro2,"I thought I would express my thoughts on the game thus far. So far I have seen innovative thinking and I honestly cannot wait for the game to be finished. Now, I do see alot of negative reviews however I do feel that most negative reviews are from trolls or people that do not understand how alpha access works. We are testing the game prior to release and supporting a product as it develops. This game is a long way off from being done. It does have its bugs but its easy to get around being stuck on a tree if you chop it down etc. I think this is one of the very few early access products worth supporting. I have not purchased many early access titles as I typically track progress before committing. I am glad to have this one on my list. Right now towns develop at a steady pace, the player earns xp through interactions with the world allowing them to unlock new skills and advance in there ability to influence it. If your looking to support a game in early access with great potential and regular updates then i do suggest supporting it. It's a game I purchased full well knowing that it would be placed on the backburner while it develops and I test here and there. Otherwise, I would say add to your wishlist and keep an eye on it until your more comfortable committing :)"
,Recommended,409590,31998291,Posted: 27 May,all,Zehamas,"Hey Guys, Do you like watching a small rustic community grow.... or maybe you just want to garden a little... OR YOU CAN DESTROY YOUR ENEMIES AND BURN THEIR VILLAGES.PROS:+The development team and community is awesome! Everytime I've had a question i posted in the discussion and its been answered within minuites!+If you like games suched as banished this is kind of the game for you, However its closer to a mount and blade style game with a mixture of Kenshi, If you like any of those three games you would love this game!CONS:- Bugs, But hey! Thats why its in early access am i right! Fortuently alot of the players ( Including myself ) really help the developers with bugs by downloading and playing on the test patches and reporting bugs! So far since I've started participating in the early access they have released a patch every day!So yeah guys! Definetly get this game!"
76561198118995274,Recommended,409590,34764179,Posted: 5 September,all,Upsweep,"There's not a lot of content in it right now, but enough to keep you occupied for hours if you so desire. I absolutely love the concept of this game, be a person in a world that could care less if you existed, and the roles you can take are pretty cool and unique. To make this easier, I'll write some pros and cons.~Pros*Many roles to choose from, like a farmer, swordsman, worker, traveller, etc...*AI that work together and build their own living communities*Extremely large map*In-game seasons*Decent graphics*Satisfying grind (In my opinion)*Realistic medieval world*A world that moves along without you*Assignments from other villagers to do*Ability to have your own shop of sorts*Ability to run a settlement*Ability to gather up an army and command them in battle~Cons*Boring and easy combat*Boring caves*Lack of content*Non logical house building*NPCs aren't very uniqueI can't wait for new updates to come out and I look forward to watching this game grow."
,Recommended,409590,31187050,Posted: 16 April,all,rjmann8,"Much of the negativity here is people who are expecting a more aggressive timeline, or who are upset because the development was delayed for a project needed for funds.  I can understand those opinion, but that shouldn't be the only thing people see.This game is definitely still early access.  Don't buy it expecting a complete game.  With that said, the game has a lot of potential and isn't NMS (as some people have compared, NMS showed footage in an outright lie... if a game isn't doing that then the comparisons should just stop!)I'd highly recommend looking at the game with the same critical eye as to all early access products.  That aside, however, the game has some interesting ideas.In essense, the game is built upon the premise of a persistent 3d world version of something similar to Mount and Blade, but with heavier focuses on things like economics and politics.  Of course, that's just what it aims at.  The game isn't bad, it just isn't complete.  There's still some fun to be had in the current version, but it's pretty short.  If you aren't looking at possibilities and wanting to support such a game in the early stages, that's great!  Give it a few months for them to add in some of the newer updates... which should put in a lot more gameplay according to what's supposed to come.  Consider it when it is ready enough to meet what you want.That's it.  The game offers something different from anything else as it is meant to be... but it isn't there yet.  It's an early access title.  People are negative because they needed some time away from developing (although they at least communicated about it after some requests.)  Status quo is met, continue on!Personally, I hope they keep working and improving.  The game has a strong potential as something different and interesting, rather than following the exact same formula of so many other games.  So I recommend with the cautions above... if you don't like early access, don't jump in yet.  If you are scared of the potential not being realized, then just keep an eye on it for later.  Don't rush in, but don't decide it is a dead project that will never move on when there's still work and communication being shown related to in-dev builds!  :)"
76561198010897741,Recommended,409590,33407601,Posted: 9 July,all,FireRaizer200,"I don't usually write reviews, but this game and its developer deserve one. The dev is tireless and 99% of the time adds new content on the testing branch daily. The exception to this is when it's a big content update and it take two days of work. Yes, I'm serious. The content of this game steadily grows and the overall experience becomes more complex and enjoyable with every update. The keys to enjoying this game are 1. Get into the testing branch because you test new content daily. 2.  Get into the community and learn the names of other testers and who they are.3. If you do 1&2 you will soon realize the feedback you provide the dev is seen and responded too. You'll even be astonished to find one of your suggestions came in the latest update. Basically, this is an amazing game with a lot of content continuously flowing into it with an amazing, respectful, and hard working dev at the helm. Important point: This is a beta and bugs happen, however the dev cleans them up quickly. Usually within the same day."
76561197989586075,Not Recommended,409590,29978221,Posted: 16 February,all,Reaper,"The dev is busy working on another project. You could have a better time roshamboing a thai man for his cobra. Also seems to be a double standard with their mods. You can be insulted for your oppinion but not attack back. Id stear clear of this piece of crap. You have community moderators who rarely even know what it going on other that ""I'll find out"" and you have a community who is so invested with their 10 dollar purchase im going to start a go fund me for them since they must be hurtin for money. Also avoid telling people not to buy this so you dont get banned for rule number 3.Abuse or encourage abuse of the Post Reporting SystemKingdoms DiscussionsYou have been banned from Kingdoms Discussions by a forum moderator for your post in ""question"":Originally posted by lithicris:wondering if this game ok to play looks cool wondering if i should buy it as it on special so any fme:Avoid this game completly dude. If you want reasons ill send you ss of a convo between me and the devBan Reason:Ignoring Rule 3 of the communityPlease review the Discussions Rules and Guidelines."
76561198177864061,Recommended,409590,24518720,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,sukitani,"As an answer/reply to all the ""not recommended"" so called reviews.The game is in very early acces. Problems and bugs are being worked on and most of the ones I have seen when I started playing are fixed. As many people have stated already, if you want a smooth and full game experience, don't play early access games.Yes, the game still has bugs and issues. They are being worked on. And the game is still expanding. New features. Better AI for NPCs. Tweaking of the wildlife spawn rate and overall number. If you are not buying the game yet, do keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,409590,32433579,Posted: 15 June,all,boomernoob,I'm just going to say right now This game rocks the devs are polite hard working and dedicated to making this game even better worth alot more than $10
76561198074309045,Recommended,409590,33815976,Posted: 26 July,all,lucyrocketdog,"I have been playing Kingdoms since Dec. 2015 , and after a year and a half of development, Kingdoms is definitely on its way to becoming a terrific game.  There is a ""update_testing"" version of the game where updates are tested and debugged before being added to the regular game.  Some of this review is based on the very cool things I've seen in this update_testing version.We currently have a world of medieval NPCs that have varied costumes and looks, they chop trees and build houses and shops, they buy and sell things in the shops, they hang out in taverns and sleep in the common house or their own homes.  They have voices (in the testing version) and different personalities that drive them to do different actions.  Some NPCs are helpful and others are very grumpy and will attack you if you bug them too much.  You learn things from these NPCs, and this is how you level up your skills.You can choose to be a farmer, blacksmith, trader, bandit, village leader and other things too.  As village leader you can hire and arm NPCs and order them to follow you or attack other NPCs or animals.  You can tax the villagers--but too high taxation leads to unhappy villagers!  We have roads appearing between points on the map, and NPC villages and farms generate on their own.  The entire game is driven by an ""intelligent AI"" that is getting smarter.  Pathfinding and AI are still under development (its early access!), but each little tweak sure makes a big difference in the behaviours we see.There are horses to capture and ride, along with various types of wildlife to kill, skin, eat.  Bears and wolves will kill you, and if you pick fights the NPC will kill you too.We don't have large scale NPC vs NPC wars yet, but that is in the plans.  We have guard towers, but town walls and castles are not in the game yet.There is only one person making this game, but the updates have been coming frequently and the developer is involved with the community and super helpful when folks have trouble with the game.The game is not finished, but already there are hours of fun things to do, and if you are interested in helping develop this amazing concept then I encourage you to buy this game--its not expensive!"
76561198016073665,Recommended,409590,23403502,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ds,"First bought in early 2016, with some noticeable glitching and halt of gameplay.  Tried to play again after deleting local cache.  Game was updated yesterday, more playable features and the majority of the game is playable now.  This game has a lot of room for potential, will keep playing."
76561198013829773,Recommended,409590,22064158,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,robhumphrey324,"This game has a ton of potential, however it's current state is almost unplayable beyond a couple hours.  For some reason a massive amount of wild animals (most notably the VERY aggressive bears) spawn right on top of settlements.  This also causes the frame-rates drop to an unacceptable level.  As other reviews said, this is an unfinished game, so bugs must be expected.  I will be checking back after each update to see if the developers have fixed the major issues with this game."
76561198044372872,Recommended,409590,20648913,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Bohemia,"Though it's still rough around the edges and pretty early access, I really like what Oreol is doing with this game and hope they don't give up. The game has a lot of potential. :D"
,Recommended,409590,31750764,Posted: 14 May,all,Agathosdaimon,"I think this survival game is getting slowly but surely better, - it was buggy and too static when i first tried it but now after a while it has more improvements, stability and more of the traits recognisable to crafting games. it can be a bit slow at first, but once you find an npc who can give you some new skils and you gather enoughexperience be it from chopping trees, colllecting plants killing wildlife etc, you can start to build a town .The game is though quite large and so it can be quite a while to get anywhere, so one tends to just stay roung their growing village, which i guess is kind of realistic - all in all, good work to the dev and please keep on improving it!"
76561198106974591,Not Recommended,409590,21597722,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Thunderpunt,"To be honest, I enjoyed the gameplay quite a bit. The concept of building your own settlements is pretty cool. That being said the game was laggy, and pretty buggy. I don't know the rate at which the devs release updates but it doesn't seem to be quick enough, however unfortunate that is for them, I still have to say its not worth it right now."
,Recommended,409590,32662897,Posted: 22 June,all,Shuckle The Overlord,"Kingdoms is an early access open world game that seems to focus less on the open world part and more on building a little virtual ""Kingdom."" As this is in early access, I did ran into some bugs, including random lag spikes that freeze the game every once in a while, glitchy physics, poor ai, (I mean seriously you can go behind a settler when fighting them and sometimes they wont turn around to fight you back) and loading crashes, yet, Iove the concept and the execution of the game's mechanics. One thing I love is the leveling system, it gives a satisfying way to grow stronger without making you feel overpowered even at higher levels, which is a problem with something like Ark Survival, and the more direct approach to the ""you can do more as you level up"" game design type is interesting as well. Another complaint I have is the building, I'm not saying you should have to build houses piece by piece instead of just clicking a button, I'm saying it should take a lot more resources to build things, it would make the game a lot more accomplishing since it is a fairly easy game when it comes to one of the most vital parts of the game.Overall, this is an early access game, not finished, so treat it as such, you will get a lot more enjoyment out of the game acting like it is an unfinished product, hopefully the problems with the game will be fixed, this is an active developer and I'm sure things will be improved. But, for now, I am going to give this a 7/10, I enjoyed the game, although how much these issues effect you differs from person to person, I was able to deal with these issues just fine. I recommend it."
,Recommended,409590,32560551,Posted: 19 June,all,Klarum,"This game has huge potential! If you like the genre I HIGHLY recommend you support its development!Also it is already at a very stable and enjoyable stage. And, it is very low priced at the moment. IMO the final release should have a higher price. It is worth it.In the sea of ""survival/building/open world"" games currently on Steam, Kingdoms is refreshing for its focus on building and development, and a good single player experience for those tired of the pvp garbage of games like Ark, Rust, etc. It has a full functioning town/economy/crafting system with political and war system coming.The game is like Mount & Blade, in the sense that it gives you an open sandbox to play your own way and make your own story. In fact it is exactly like M&B when it first came out. The graphics and overall content can still go a long way but the concept is amazing! Like M&B this game can stand the test of time, specially if it opens itself to the modding community after release.The dev is very engaged and active, and very interested in community suggestions.You can be:. The lord of a town you have built from scratch or taken by force (the core gameplay activity). A crafter or a farmer setting up shop and trading with several villages to build your fortune. A trader buying and selling as you travel the land, helping towns flourish through trade. A hunter living in the wild and selling your furs and meat. A builder taking on contracts from the local town to build houses and shops for payment. whatever else will come in development and is in your imaginationPS: this seems to be a one man development effort. I see way too many of the usual negative reviews that forget to take this into account saying it has been out since 2015, or the typical review that ignores they are playing an alpha..."
76561197966414855,Not Recommended,409590,30271088,Posted: 1 March,all,harlock26,"I played this for a about an hour and it's a buggy mess. Non-existant AI, what looks like stock assets, and a UI straight out of 2003. I was holding off on writing a review until the next patch released since the forums said we could see some of these things getting some attention, but the developer is off working on another game so we'll see something ""soon"".  As it stands, it's an overly ambitious project being worked on by dev's without a lot of development experience and non existant project management skills. If it ever hits release, it might be worth a look but not a day before then. Save your money..."
76561198039814219,Not Recommended,409590,19491295,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,KeyLime-,"I really wanted to like this game, as the concept and plans of the devs are very exciting. Not only that, but they have been very active and helpful while also being very open to new ideas proposed by the players. The ""plan"" for this game seems to be to make into a M&B type RPG with a more open-world focused on surviving and crafting. Honestly, it's an AWESOME concept.Unfortunately, it's just that. A concept. As it is, this game is riddled with gamebreaking bugs. Not to mention the moderate bugs that just annoy you. The combat is clunky and at the moment, downright horrible (though they claim they intend to make it much more interactive). Even on ""fantastic"" graphics settings, the models (NPCs, animals, etc.) in this game are ugly to look at, and there's not much variance in the climate/environment. The content right now is non-existent, and you'll maybe have 10-20 minutes of playtime before you get bored of glitchy bears, immortal citizens who walk by the bears unharmed, badly translated dialogue(Yes I understand it's a foreign game) and confusing leveling systems.I can't in good conscience recommend this game. It is on all accounts an unplayable game. Just like every other early access game, it's something that promises a lot, but fails to deliver on every account. What I can say is this: If the devs keep their work up, follow the road map, and continue to iron out the clunky/unpolished aspects of it, this game may be worth buying in 6-7 months time.Late February edit: This game has seen little to no progression and I stand by this review completely, and my review's complaints still stand. This game is still a don't buy.May edit: Still little to no progression with the same content. Honestly I expected much more at this point. Still a no buy, still not anywhere near feeling complete. Each update on the roadmap has been delayed, and by this point they were supposed to be MUCH further then they've gotten. Spend your money elsewhere, honestly."
,Not Recommended,409590,30466159,Posted: 12 March,all,☢ Echo,"Bought this around the end of 2015, there has been 'some progress', but since November 2016, the Developer went silent, nothing changed ever since, today it's March 12 2017 and not a single update nor news update from the dev at all... Another dead Early Access scam......Thank you Dev to yet again make people afraid of Early Access Games, and giving EAG's such a bad title... There are only a few that seem to keep up their promises like Rust and Prison Architect and a few more..."
76561198050433002,Recommended,409590,34406350,Posted: 21 August,all,rcjenn40,"This is a very enjoyable, relaxed, open-world adventure where you can be or do whatever you want. The world goes on around you, with or without your intervention.You can be as involved, or indifferent, as you choose to be. You can be the big hero, a village mayor, or just settle in a town and open up a shop, homestead, or a farm, or just wander the huge island doing your own thing with no allegience to anyone. Your play choice is entirely up to you, as well as your involvement in the world.There's a lot of skills available to learn, with a lot of interdependencies. It has mounts, housing, resource gathering, evolving and ever-changing economy, a quest board in every village involving everything from helping villagers build their homes to patrolling for bandits.It really is like being dropped in a believable living medieval world and charting your own destiny.And at this price an absolute bargain and must-have for any open-world simulation fan."
76561198164263600,Not Recommended,409590,24741351,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Monkofmimmir,"I wanted to like this game I really did but its a nearly featureless buggy mess and the dev team are obviously very inexperienced and their attempts at communication with the community are sporadic with a tendency towards silence.My advice is to give this game 1-2 years and check back, MAYBE this game will actually come together by then enough that it is a playable early access game.I will update this review if things change."
76561198037394344,Recommended,409590,32669953,Posted: 23 June,all,SavageSoybean,"I originally got this near day one, thought it was an absolute ****fest and got a refund. Recently, I saw it again and I decided to check it out. Holy mother of Jesus has this come far. From what used to be a game that lasted about 20 minutes of me trying not to thow up at how bad everything looked and the AI functioned to a game that I actually sat down and did nothing else but play for 5 hours straight.It has a surprising amount of depth as you can take just about any role you can think of. Want to have a nice little farm? You can do that. Want to run a small (or massive) shop? You can do that. Want to run an entire city? Well you can sure do that too.There are bugs present as one would expect but in five hours of playing, I only ever actually crashed once and the rest of my play was fairly bug free.I cannot wait to see what this game becomes in the future as I now have every confidence that the developers will succeed."
76561198081349855,Recommended,409590,34471129,Posted: 24 August,all,tlinme1,"I usually research games via YouTube but found very little game play. 35 hours in I say this ... I was directed towards Ultimate General Civil War, but before I bought that game, I saw this.   This game has received very, very little publicity but I found an some YouTube games.  I checked it out for awhile, and decided against this over a game I've been waiting for, for months.  This game is in very early alpha, but considering that, it's not too bad.  I think the original concept of sailing a ship to a new world is brilliant!  And the scenery and aspects of this game are rival to few.  The Pros:  A one to 3 man team, taking on the task to create a game of this magnitude, the environment is beautiful, not being killed by the roaming beasts (Bears, bandits and/or wolves)., the idea of doing whatever you want, (control a village, be a bandit, farmer, merchant, etc.  So, so much potential.  Developer releases huge content packages every 3 months or so (not sure on the exact releases) I could spend 3 hours listing the pros.  Cons:  It's a one to 3 man team,  this game is very, very early access ... has a lot of work to do, settlers are chopping in thin air, music startles you by beginning and ending abruptly and animals kill you even when they aren't close to you.  There is no advantage to building different stuff (small house compared to mansion, they'll buy it equally), same with shops etc ... and many, oh so many glitches.  Summary, this games has so much potential, but they need backing.  The developer could sell this idea for millions to the smart buyer and the buyer could sell this easily for 60 usd, ,but with a small crew this game will be released in 4 years.  I give it a thumbs up primarily because people should pay attention to this game, and for 10 usd it's worth looking at.  So, so much potential, but so, so early access"
,Recommended,409590,33766582,Posted: 24 July,all,Cambleir,"After buying this game I was hoping to play 5 minutes, suddenly I catch myself doing some wood logs for a humble citizen and doing some favor constructing some houses, my village is getting big, a lot of people come in it, so I went in an adventure to the meet my neighborhood, when I got there I was surprised, my village is actually bigger than theirs, so I got mad and struck a guy in the head (actually... I miss clicked it and he didnt want apologies...) so now the whole ♥♥♥♥ing village is following me like drug addicts with bows and swords, on my way home I've mounted a horse and got the ♥♥♥♥ out of there, with a lesson: Never never never.....strike gently!! IF YOU GONNA HIT, SMASH THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥A'S SKULL!!! So the rest get shocked and dont follow you...well I hope or they are goddamn dumb to follow someone after that.Yeah.. so I just wanted to play for 5 minutes and ended up playing 5 hours and getting late to work next day :,) but was definately worth it!This game has a massive potential!!I look forwad for the next updates, every update is a new great surprise, like the last was the ability to mount horses and tame then, that made the game a lot more faster in mobility.This game is awesome! 9/10 in early access, maybe 10 after it!"
,Not Recommended,409590,25681158,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Xas,"When purchased months ago, saw much Potential in an unpolished gem.Gave it a positive review, and rewrote to negative after a few months,not that I dislike the game, this is a neutral review.Might take ALOT of effort and time for the developer(s) to polish the game,iron out the leakage in the memory and optimize the game.Interesting promises for the future but not much been fulfilled.Sees rather active Community Manager providing the discussions,but doesn't really adds up to their playtime with the gameAddictive tasks being the One to pull all strings.Watches the villagers wandering around.Watching Deers plays Stacko.Spending most time gathering resources and trying to find the perfect spot for buildings.For now, the game can be quite unplayable, when prolonged in game and as the settlements gets larger.Fps will take a big hit gradually.Only relogging the game totally might ease it alittle before the process returns.Never to Load a world while you are playing in your current world, will cause duplications of your buildings, scaffolds and create extra doors to your existing buildings.Duplications of doors, causing difficulty in entry and awkwardness.Npcs sleeping on the ground and hammering in midair/nothingness.Controls can be alittle hard to manage and unresponsive.Crafting seems fine, just alittle time consuming while you wait on another screen, unable to see whats happening around the character, or being attacked.Enjoys the concept,and look forward for more improvements in future,Edited ( End of Oct Updates )Been awhile since the dev updated the game.Game seems alittle more fluid.Character customizations and more equipment capabilities.Gameplay is still clunky,takes hours to build a settlement and minutes for it to become an empty town littered with empty homes or abandoned scaffolds,requires features to remove or destroy structures.The save game feature is still very fragile, any small bug or minor error, reloading ingame could cause damge to your save game.Make regular Saves and Backups of game save folder.The Game is slow in development and rather stagnant.Only buy,If you can support the game with an open heart,accommodate the unpolishness and await for future."
76561198030308926,Recommended,409590,24398543,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Extreme Player,"I am not going to into why ""I"" enjoy this game but rather why you should buy it and help the developers...#1. As many have said it has alot of potential and can be one of the best games on the market ""IF"" the devs put the much needed time to make it what it could become.#2. Glitches: I have found few but some reviews that are months old are COMPLETELY wrong about the current glitches#3. Support: I paid $10 for this game but to not only to enjoy it but to help the devs and see where this game goes. I recommend that you buy the game just to help the devs make it the game it NEEDS to be.#4. Graphics: They are not 2016 4K graphics but they are getting there and getting better and more enjoyable to look at over time.#5. Game Play: Game play is not that bad but many other people say otherwise. If you like to try something new then this is it.Note: Many people have bought this game and expected it to be a 2016 4K Graphics with amazing sound and quality gameplay but that is not what it is, yet. There is still alot to be done with this game but I firmly believe that it can be better than Skyrim and Mount and Blade if the devs focous on it.#6. What to Expect: Expect a game that needs work and anything else that pops into your head but don't expect it be awesome and 200+ hours of gameplay. It has cool ideas that have been partially fully added to the game but need adjustments.#7. Why Buy This: Buy this to help the devs and see it become better. Play it for a few hours before you decide to ask for a refund and give a bad review because where it is at right now is good and the updates are not too small for the amout of people working on this game. Remember that the devs have a life too outside of this game like you and me. They obviously cannot work on this game 10 hours a day like the big box companies but it seems as though they are working hard to keep updates coming and they seem to be working on this game as much as they can. I give them my full support on this game.#8. Why Did This Reviewer Buy This Game: I bought it to see if it would be worth my money, and I think if I play it a bit more I can give them some cool ideas to improve this game. I was willing to sacrifice a few hours of my life to help the devs make this game fun and give it a few cool mechinical ideas. If the fighting is anything similiar to M&B and the exploration is similar to Skyrim this game can be awesome! This game is only $10 and I think that ia a fair price for now but I would like it to go up $5 buy 2017 because the updates will make this games' current price of $10 seem as if it if another one of those cheep survival game that have horrible everything. How long does it take you to make $10? At least  a hour right? I think that is a small price don't you?#9. Conclusion: Buy this game to help the devs and everything else above.Currently: 77/100"
,Not Recommended,409590,23430467,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,ForbiddenLlama,"I can see the potential of the game, but I'm glad I got it on sale.  Not that the full price is all that much money, but the game is a long way from playable yet.  It looks okay, nothing spectacular, and the skill system is interesting.  Memory leaks need desperate fixing, and falling through the world is still quite possible.  Animals seem to randomly stack on one another, and the NPC's while plentiful don't do much at this point.  Going to keep an eye on this and see what it becomes, but I can't recommend it just yet."
76561197978758157,Recommended,409590,34397151,Posted: 21 August,all,treverslyfox,"I have never written a review for a game ....Ever!But I had to write one for this game, I'm having a blast playing Kingdoms.  Does it have Bugs?  ..... It Sure does!  Has the game crashed? ..... You Bet it has and more than once!  Is there a bunch of stuff that's not in the game yet?  ...... Heck Yes!  Is it a One Man Developer Show?  .... You better believe it is!  Is it worth every cent I paid for it? ..... You Betya it is!Sure there are a lot of down sides to an Early Access game, so SAVE the game  A LOT and keep on playing.  This game is a ball to play and the Developer is constantly updating it AND he listens to feedback from it's players.  Ther is a listing of how many things he has implamented that were asked for by players.   What more do you want?"
76561198007090293,Recommended,409590,32822261,Posted: 26 June,all,Jurjen,"KINGDOMS... what is it? I'd call it a cross between Mount and Blade and The Guild because the focus is more on building and crafting than on combat.Ever since I played Mount and Blade for the first time I've been looking for more medieval game worlds that thrive  without interaction by the player. Sadly most devs in this genre are incapable of programming such complex NPC's so they slap hollow buzzwords like ""player driven"" onto their games as if that is something to be proud of. Kingdoms, even in this very early version is a rare exception that managed to impress me.A few things that Kingdoms does that I haven't seen anywhere else (yet):- NPC's build new cities (they don't just run pre-made ones)- I can start as a humble peasant if I want to.- NPC's build a trade based economy from the ground up.- If you want to learn a profession you need to find a teacher that has mastered it. Makes sense, doesn't it?- You aren't the only one trying to strengthen their position. NPC's will build shops, become leaders, etc.A few things to keep in mind before buying the game at this stage of development:- It's nowhere near done yet. The ""Early Access"" warning is there for a reason.- Much of the more complex NPC interactions (social hierarchy, faction warfare, etc) is still under development.- No multiplayer at the moment, but in the works.- No roads inside of towns or between them. So expect long travel times until you get a horse.- The game starts you off with you and around 20 other immigrants on a ship. There is currently no option to start with a few cities already in place. So it takes some time before the economy takes shape.- My biggest annoyance at the moment is that abandoned building scaffolds can't be removed after the NPC disappears for an irreversible reason such as death.Overall I'm very excited about the future of this game. The groundwork looks impressive and I'll keep dropping in from time to time to see the items still on the development roadmap implemented.I really hope that the devs will keep motivated and eventually deliver the ultimate medieval simulator!"
,Not Recommended,409590,30233864,Posted: 27 February,all,Nat Peterson,"I wouldn't suggest buying it until further updates (thats if updates do happen that is), currently a buggy -mess-!"
76561198120790606,Recommended,409590,31809015,Posted: 17 May,all,Andretaker,"Really good game, economy and inter-settlement interactions really coming a long. Down side is the long wait for big updates"
76561198079000751,Recommended,409590,29549454,Posted: 28 January,all,zooke94,"Coming back to this game after 6 months, there has been some solid progress. Development is taking forever, but the fastest way to get the devs to drop the game is impatient reviewers. Buy on sale and pray the devs don't drop.Great concept! Excied for where the game goes."
,Recommended,409590,18696281,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,An Abnormally Large Tortoise,"Kingdoms is a game where you roleplay as a settler, worker, scholar, teacher, craftsman (and many more). There is trading, quests, building and you can create your own willages! It's not very immersive, graphics aren't 10/10 but there issomepotential. It needs some performance fixes, a lot of AI bug fixes - no-clipping and overall buggy - and possibly multiplayer? These are just some suggestions. If you want an early access game which has some gameplay aspects, then be my guest buy it. After all, it's only £6.99.7.5/10 - Needs more gameplay and performance fixes."
,Recommended,409590,22603387,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Big And Good Boy,"If your tired of your typical story mode RPG and you want games that have a constantly evolving world for endless playtime, or maybe your looking for a good game that actually takes time and passion to make unlike your cassule triple A game (There are some pretty good triple A games tho)  then this is the game for you. This is a game created by a small team that updates the game with new items and features about every 1 to 2 months and they have a couple small updates inbetween, although they are devoloping this game at a steady pace it is still bare boned and without much content at the moment, so if you're looking for a good game to support with potential this is the game for you so buy it today(also should be done within 14 - 28 months)Update: The game hasnt been devoloped exactly along schedule but it's improving and steam rolling through bugs and almost at a point where it is playable"
76561198030723831,Recommended,409590,33408000,Posted: 9 July,all,Adinnea,"Even though this is an Early Access Game, it is very enjoyable as my 120 hours played can attest to!  The best part is it is constantly improving, with more updates being added almost daily (if you decide to play the beta branch).  There is also an active community behind it so any questions are promptly answered on the forums.  I look forward to see how this game develops in the future."
76561198109608967,Recommended,409590,34743168,Posted: 4 September,all,KamPraDooKa,"Great game, amazing!!!still early, but well worth the buy, and utra addictivebased around npcs that progress and evolve the world themselvesits semi survival, its open sandbox, and you can do anything, be a builder, soldier, farmer, baker, merchant, warlord, bandit, whatever really, and combat isnt nessecary for those not into the whole fighting thing.responsive dev, as in someone aksed for an estimated time on the next update, and they got a reply from the dev himself within hours!!! and he wasnt scared to give a hard date!!! (dont worry buddy, we wont hold you to it, we got an answer at least *cough ark cough*), and as far as im aware the game is being made by only a single person.buy this game, its hours of fun and its going placesbtw did i mention you should buy this game?"
76561198068211127,Recommended,409590,32418281,Posted: 14 June,all,Talon,This game is great and has alot of room to grow to become something epic. I hope the devs keep up with it. It is def worth checking out.
,Recommended,409590,33405976,Posted: 9 July,all,lionsilverwolf,"VERY rough but very interesting, with a fairly robust steam forum and an active and responsive developer. It's still rather simplistic at the moment, but if you ever wanted to jump into Skyrim and play a hunter or farmer or logger... and I know I'm not the only one, then this game is for you.If you are not ready for an unstable game that WILL crash and WILL have strange glitches and WILL be constantly updating, take a pass on it for now. I do suggest, if this style of game, relaxed and world building, appeals then at least follow it. I'm definitely glad I bought it when I did, tho."
,Recommended,409590,28394396,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The Exoduss,"Yes there are bugs, yes it is incomplete.For the price, this game is pretty awesome... Its still super early access so if you dont like bugs and lack of features, then just try something else. The dev is adding things as the time goes. It has quite the potential to be a rather fun game.For now I just enjoy running into other settlements with my army and killing everyone and then selling all their junk I looted from the bodies to the shops they used to own when they were alive... Then repeating the previous step in a new location...Just watch out for bears... Seriously.. They might look derpy... but, They eat-cho fayce."
76561198200847859,Recommended,409590,18650415,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dark Lieutenant,i really like it so far. what i have seen is the settlers build there own places and you can hunt animals teh inventory space is a little bit odd though not alot of room for anything over all first day great game
76561198017655890,Not Recommended,409590,25044873,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,beowulf2700,"While this is a Early access title, and the premise is quite interesting: being able to create your own village from scratch and interact with NPCs to ensure its survival. The current state of the game is unplayable. The *hardest* enemy, the bear, can be taken down with an arrow or two and running away waiting for it to bleed out. And somehow, The bears dont care about NPC villagers... The NPC's take quite a while to build the villages, and might not build them at all if RNGesus decided not to bestow the right skill sets upon them. those two problems would be easy to look past if the Save system wasnt easily broken, quests worked and critical items didnt dissapear from your inventory. Granted, suddenly having 15 axes instead of 15 arrows would be nice for trade if i didnt have to sell all 15 at once.or if the trade system actually worked properly for the NPCs. If you build a shop, you cant stock it with goods to sell, but you have to buy them. The jury is still out on if the NPCs actually use the shops or not.But, elements of fun DO peak out occasionally, Seeing a village rise from nothing and knowing that you are playing a crucial part in developing it is worth giving the game a try.In its current state, I can not recomend this game. The premise is very intruging, but the game is unplayable.This review will be updated the next time i feel like giving it another try, i am a sucker for open world games such as this and the world is MASSIVE."
,Not Recommended,409590,22851539,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,suzannert,"The idea behind the game is great.I know it's early access however in it's current state it is unplayable on AMD hardware running Wndows 10. The after about 5 minutes the giant memory leak causes the game to get jerky and shortly after that it crashes the video driver sometimes window recovers and you have to kill the game with the task manager, sometimes it doesn't and you have to reboot the box. The game lasts abit longer if you run it in windowed mode and windows 7 compatibiliy mode. I have other early access games bult on unity that work just fine so I can only guess that the game has been tested on an Intel based Windows 7 platform in windowed moded. Maybe the next update will fix the memory leak I'll just have to wait and ty it again after the update."
76561198237643958,Recommended,409590,26275251,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[1stKy] Notorious MoonMan,"For an Early Access this really isn't bad, lets just take the time to see where the devs are going, other than that so far the devs may bring slow updates but they're still here."
,Recommended,409590,33066799,Posted: 30 June,all,barbadicus,"Kingdoms has the potential to become something really amazing.Right now you can start your own town that slowly becomes more populated as settlers begin building structures on their own. Each type of settler has different attributes and skills which can help you as you establish your town.You can tell the dev has put a lot of work and love in to this project. This is unlike any game I've played before, and I'm excited to see what's in store for the future.P.S - If you decide to get Kingdoms, keep this guide handy as it will help you as you're starting out in the world -http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=635826071"
76561198406873553,Recommended,409590,33873769,Posted: 28 July,all,GINGERSCRAPPER,Fantastic game! I love the concept of the game.The night sky ia amazing and the graphics in general are really good.Sure it needs some polishng.......like settlers buy very little but sell me everything.Love to see horse trading in the future.Love having to live off the land right at the start and slowly progress  to a bustling village.The developers have done a fantastic job of planning the vision and bringing it to reality.All the minor bugs like quest disapearing off the notice board and such is nothing when you look at the scope of this undertaking and how far the Devs. have come ! This game is the reason I finally broke down and installed steam.I also love not being forced into a multiplayer which in  my opinion can ruin a game.That is my opinion/I hope if the Devs ever go to multiplayer gamers like me will still have the option for a single player game.
,Recommended,409590,34342911,Posted: 18 August,all,Lunessia|Rem Cult,"*After getting mauled by wolves, I finally manage to get to a village where I can put my stonemason skills to use. I come upon the Village Leader, Varfeitr.*""Hey, how's it goin? I just want to put my good stonemasonry skills to use""""GET OUTTA MY VILLAGE RETARD""it was at this moment I set out to build houses using the notice board. I finally came up to a quest where I build a house for Varfeitr. Surely he would let me into the village after I built a house for him, right?""Hey, I built your house which took 30 wood to build""""Hey, thanks dude, here's 5 gold and some rep""""Will you talk to me now?""""GET OUTTA MY VILLAGE RETARD""And that's why I love this game."
,Recommended,409590,31963280,Posted: 25 May,all,Victory,"This game has promise, and the devs are updating it regularly!"
76561198038326200,Not Recommended,409590,30595394,Posted: 18 March,all,Manwich,"This review may change in a decade if it turns out my $10 investment turned into gold.  While I make worse choices buying fast food every now and then, I still cannot give an A for effort here (or even a D minus).This game is years underway, and a decade from complete.  Many Early Access games stand on their own two feet, and are worth the time.  I've only put a handful of hours into this, and I won't be able to put more until there is more to put that time into.There are 2 major Positives to this game, in my opinion:1) It helped me decide not to purchase No Man's Sky (because I learned not to make purchases based on ""possibilities"" rather than evidence)2) The sales will probably be an indication of the market desire at this type of game (a niche spot that I myself would one day want to dig into for development)It's lacking in many areas though (won't try to number):-It's an empty terrain generator with menial tasks to accomplish-The play is laggy-The tasks are buggy-There isn't much to actually doIt's like a first person version of Banished - but only in theory.  It's nowhere near executing on that theme.  The game removes any sense of reward or accomplishment by throwing end-game population at you from the start.  A few minutes in, and you'll go from a handful of random ""settlers"" to an entire village worth, with nothing to do.  There is no reward in constructing villages or doing things, because there isn't a lot of rewarding functionality in the game.  There's no personality, no interaction.  No real use of the buildings.  There is nothing happening outside of the buildings you make.It's just bland.  And it hasn't changed in a year.  And with the small team working on it, it cannot possibly change any time soon. It's just that simple.  The hope this game wants to deliver on requires years worth of time - and it has to be a labor of love.  But instead of doing that labor, this team put it out for sale.  They're selling an idea, and it's and idea that's already delivered on in more complete fashion, via other games that are available.If you want first person Banaished with better graphics, better mechanics, better functionality, and just smoother gameplay - get ""Life is Feudal - Forest Village"" instead.This game will never do half of what is listed as its future goals.  It will die and become something else before too long.  Hate to sound negative, but this game shouldn't be for sale at such an early state."
,Recommended,409590,34071065,Posted: 6 August,all,Adam Klaassen,"this game is far from great,but you know what?its walking in the right direction.i only played for a little under 2 hours so far(i will be playing more here shortly) but i liked it.it felt rea,despite the not so great graphics.the combat was less than good,yet it was still fun.and the world felt alive,barely on the brink of it,but still alive.if the devs continue to improve as they have been,i can see this turning from a solid rock,to an amazing gem."
,Recommended,409590,34649010,Posted: 31 August,all,andrebadass,"Amazing game with lots of potentialSlow paced but large updates, demonstrating commited devs´A small yet helpful positive communityAnd most important of all, it's fun and gives you a real sense of gameplay freedom"
,Recommended,409590,35072636,Posted: 19 September,all,treoni,"I recommend Kingdoms for what it CAN be. Right now the game's playeable but it's clear it's still in development and I'm not holding this against Oreol as I willingly bought the game in Early Access. Simply because I believe in the potential this game has.When starting the game you get to name yourself and the island, choose the maximum population (2.000 people!!!), how fast new people arrive, the length of the day/night cycle and how many animals per squar kilometre there are. After that you can customize your character's face, race and gender as well as pick your starting skills that will decide your future professions on the island.After a short time loading you awake on board a ship heading for the coastline of the gigantic island in front of you. You and about 20 other people get off and go their own way. Some set up a settlement, some become bandits, some get mauled by a bear or wolf. Such is life in The Zone.Depending on your starting skills you can be a productive part of society by providing lumber for people's houses, building structures, opening a tavern, keeping a farm, crafting items as a blacksmith or opening a shop. Or by protecting the town with your trusty sword or bow from animals or bandits. Maybe even attack other towns with people you recruit? Or start your own settlement?Currently the game has all this to give you plenty of hours of entertainment. However... it needs work but that's to be expected as this is a tremendous undertaking for a (I think) three man team.Some of my personal observations:- occasional lag, could be due to the amount of activity happening. Developers, did you code in for the game to only load and render the immediate NPC's? This way you reduce a HUGE amount of lag and keep the game performing like a clock. The ""off-screen"" NPC's could be set in Unity to just not render until within 250m of the player?- The User Interface (UI) could use a loving hand, it's clear and structured but it looks dated and is sometimes not nice to look at. Ditch the parchment and make everything a bit smaller. The ""book"" needs to be less yellow and the text should lose the drop shadows and use a rectangle background.- Combat needs reworking, right now it feels like a placeholder and has no excitement.This is not meant as something bad, but to help Kingdoms grow into a beautiful game!I wish you all good luck at Oreol! :)"
76561198150450340,Recommended,409590,34059028,Posted: 6 August,all,CoilSnare75,"Development has all the right formula and they are eager to unleash a fantastic experience. The community seems to be drooling with the next big patch, we don't have to wait long as they are slavishly devoted to bringing a rich and enjoyable game. Buy this, buy it now if you can. Multiplayer and politics coming soon. But best of all, rooooooads!"
,Not Recommended,409590,25100926,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Bagfries,"Great idea, poor everything else. Factoring in that this is an early alpha, I can look past almost everything. Being an experienced early adopter ... the price point at this stage, lack of communication, long breaks in development, an increasing feeling that the developers are new and overscoped ... starting to have a hard time rejecting the idea that this is going to end up failing and effectively being a cash-grab.On the other hand, I used disposable income for a chance at something great.Still have to thumbs down for now, because I don't think I can justify a positive review, yet. Keep up the work, you could really have something here. I'll reconsider my review each update."
76561198052265300,Not Recommended,409590,19475094,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,davistensai,"It's the very rough framework of a game with a bit of potential.  I like the idea of being able to start my own settlement and have NPCs gradually attracted to it but its still very early in its development.One of the parts that bugged me about the NPCs was that they all seemed to walk to the same place and at times in a crowded settlement, there would be 10+ NPCs occupying the same space - you couldnt select the one you wanted until they started to split apart.I'd recommend following this game if you are interested in another medieval open world game, but I'd probably wait before buying it."
76561197980896005,Not Recommended,409590,19117765,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Sol,"The concept is interesting and has potentialthe game however, is severely lacking in all departments.I do NOT reccomend buying this until it's been developed more."
76561198156091251,Recommended,409590,19402764,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,gaylublub_donde,"I like the game! It shows great potential, but why won't my  character eat his freaking berries!?"
76561198190613819,Recommended,409590,32272140,Posted: 8 June,all,RedVarg,Great game with great potential. It really gives you the feeling of creating the town. Also support is great and what's very important - this game is not abandoned.
76561198083847626,Recommended,409590,34368068,Posted: 20 August,all,rbx3,"This is the first early release that I have ever liked! The positives include great NPC AI, and freedom to choose between several different playstyes. I hope the creative vision in this game preserves all of these aspects! Please note that this is a single player sandbox with competitive NPC's, which is exactly what I was looking for when I bought it.As you might expect in an alpha version, there are some bugs here and there, but the game is playable and is actually wonderful! In the future, I would be interested in seeing the boat arrivals become unpredictable, the institution of a family system, and the ability to destroy or assign ownership of conquered settlements."
76561198012751313,Not Recommended,409590,29151525,Posted: 9 January,all,New Mad Hatter,"As of writing this review, this game is hardly functioning. The menus are poorly constructed enough to where there overlays mix up with eachother and are unreadable at times. The villagers conversations are buggy and sometimes they will not properly describe things. You can walk on water and it still makes the sound of stepping on dirt. The tutorials explain nothing of value, namely the controls or what vigor is, how to regain health, eat food, etc. Sometimes NPC's float in mid air, or you find them just swinging axes at nothing. The sound effects of the bears are at the same volume so they sound right next to you even when they are a mile or so away. Buildings disapear after reloading your game. The concept and ideas behind this are interesting, but this game is so far from complete it shouldn't even cost a dollar."
76561198068920890,Not Recommended,409590,29239086,Posted: 13 January,all,Wirewing,"This is an eyesore.I tried this game to see if is as bad as reviews said it was.  It was! I played a wolf simulator that was given out for free from some state-funded, zoological concern once ....Wolfquest, I think. This was somewhat similar but equally disappointing.Checked out my Yournal -not journal btw- to try and figure out how to shoot. No dice so I randomly pressed keys till I held my bow.  I went to a few '?' on my map and walked into a door on the side of a rock that said it was a ruin- turns out it was an empty cave.Saw a couple deer that were too fast to kill, a bunny that was too small to shoot and shot a bear that I had to run away from - pretty easily ditched it too.The map was the best feature in my limited playtime. Really tho, it's a nice lookin map.I know, the supporters of this game will say, ""Hey you got to give this some time! Invest in crafting and discovery!""Maybe I would if it seemed to be worth the time to invest. It's ugly af tho. I don't want to look at this game for 4-8 hours just to get into it.Maybe you are just one character in a kingdom. I think they meant to say you are the only character in your kingdom.  If there are villages somewhere, Spawn players in those villages, not on the side of some random mountain.I'm gonna bet this gets abandoned."
76561198061142421,Recommended,409590,30626880,Posted: 19 March,all,Taintedcookie,"THE SILENCE HAS BEEN BROKEN!!! They have now anounced that updates will continue as I had hoped. This project is the game that I have been waiting the longest for or atleast what it is meant to be. I really want this project to succeed and that is why I have bought the game in order to help this game. The current state of the game is a shell I will agree to that. However, I hold out faith that it will grow into one of the best games in the market. As for the reason to buy this game I would say that if you want to invest in the project and make it happen I would say to buy the game. But if you feel you don't want to risk your money on a project that might not succeed. Then I would say wait to see what comes of it. But if you want to help the project and don't mind risking your money I would say to get the game and watch it evolve as I have choosen to do.Idea 10/10Current state 6/10Next update should make the game even more playible which will boost that score to 8/10."
76561198268809974,Recommended,409590,23436351,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ethan76766,"While this game has some bugs with the occaisonal graphic issue, deer walking on top of other deer, or your bow totally wigging out... To me, this game was so worth it. Everything is randomized, your characthter can really shape the world around it, and the world just feels... Well put together,I have and will continue to recommend this game!"
76561198199159114,Recommended,409590,31850569,Posted: 19 May,all,Exion,"This game has everything to become epic, its already starting to shape into something unique with features never used in games of this genre, and its not even half way finished. The freedom of choice about what to build and where not only for players, but also for NPC´s is one of the features that makes this game addicting.The developer is a very fast tireless worker and he listens to the community ideas. This game worth every cent."
,Recommended,409590,23722882,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,joosy,"Very fun game to explore and to play, the building system may need some more explanation though.Note: One need quite a beefy computer to playt this game but that makes it totally worth it!Pro:+ random generated open world+ graphicsCons:- combat mechanics are really wonky- building a bit strange to figure out at firstplease note that this review is written on  23 june 2016 and this game will develop more (I hope!)"
,Recommended,409590,31901843,Posted: 22 May,all,cothfotmeoo,Excellent alpha game.  Great dev team that's active in the discussion forums.  Lots and lots of potential.
,Recommended,409590,31533727,Posted: 3 May,all,gunslinger51,this game is awesome and they are working on it and what gives them 100% support from me is there willing to take ideas
76561197994781933,Recommended,409590,18704196,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Caligula,"I would not totally recommend this game in its current state. A year from now though i can imagine this game being one of the greats. I hope to maybe build a castle and sit on a throne, but i can only dream for now.I shall exterminate all bears!"
,Not Recommended,409590,26310865,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,BlaZZeReD,"I want to recommend this game, but I can't. It is VERY early alpha and there are too many bugs that make the game nearly unplayable or unenjoyable, and immersion is easily broken with some of the game mechanics.Bugs:- Many times you cant hit your target with your sword or bow, making hunting, or being a bandit, nearly impossible- Theres a bug where you can run and get stuck up a tree- Theres bugs with quests not being possible to complete (such as the quest where you need to give someone a house)- Some chat dialogue doesn't work (like asking wheres the common house)- The AI were placing houses in front of each others doors so some buildings were not accessable- You WALK on WATER! (YOU'RE JESUS!)Breaking immersion:- The AI will often just swing their axe in the air as if they're chopping down a tree- 80% of the time the AI is just lying in the grass sleeping, even if they have a house to sleep in, or a job, they won't really do ANYTHING. They don't go inside the buildings they make and they don't communicate with each other in any way- If you attack one of the AI peasants, the others will all just ignore like nothing is happening- Wolves and bears are extremely annoying, repeating the same sounds literally every 3-5 seconds- The quests lack any content are really annoying and feel pointless. (1 quest may have you travel a major distance just to walk next to a ruin, then return to the village. You don't explore the ruin, theres nothing there to fight or retrieve, its just walk to it then walk back)- The tutorial doesn't really teach you much and some of the controls are really bad- Random campfires will appear in the forest with no one attending them, or being anywhere near them. (spooky ghosts??) They then disappear once the sun arises.- There's no point in building your own house when you can sleep in anyones house.- There's no consqeunces to going into other peoples houses (tresspassing) or killing villagers, except maybe losing reputation- There will be 22 villagers, with a blacksmith building made, a bakery, a farm, etc. and the villagers will still be jobless- Tree trunks don't disappear once they're out of wood- Some chat dialogues lead to the same thing (asking what someone can teach you, and asking what they're best at)Then to top it all off, theres a message when you open the game that says ""coming soon"" and they're going  to add roads between settlements, taverns, and ranged weapons.The developers should be focusing on fixing the bugs, before they add more content to the game, because chances are when they add more content they're going to also be adding more bugs which will ruin the game more and more as the updates go on.Rating:This game has LOTS of potential, and I will continue to play it update after update to see improvements and to find more bugs.I REALLY want this game to be good, I REALLY like the idea behind it and I would LOVE to see these bugs patched. I want to recommend it, but in its current state I rate it...Overall Rating:2/10If they patch the bugs alone, I will change it to a 4/10, and I may recommend the game then, and if they fix the immersion, it will easily be a 5/10 or 6/10, in which case I will then recommend the game.I ask the developers to PLEASE fix the bugs in their game before they add any content. Fixing the bugs alone will take this early access alpha game far."
76561198005184851,Recommended,409590,31906208,Posted: 22 May,all,706.alex,"So, I'm tentatively going to recommend this game, seeing as it's Early Access and DOES have potential.  Some changes in the team's priorities developmentally need to shift though.  There isn't much sense in updating for a Political system when the settlements aren't operating properly individually.  Maybe consider pushing smaller updates more often?  I'm not the first to notice that towns will quickly get filled with scaffolds and never get built (Fast forwarded for 3 weeks, like 20 scaffolds and only about 4 pieces of wood total were added lol.  In the middle of the forest....) The crafting/skill system is super bare bones right now.  The Tier style skill system is interesting, but maybe adding skill points to improve crafting quality and such would be great.  Improving the crafting system (i.e. More items, Quality, better UI for crafting, etc) would entertain players much more in the mean time until further updates are published and the game becomes more polished.  Game has a ways to go, but as I said before definitely has potential."
76561198032569304,Recommended,409590,32782813,Posted: 25 June,all,mad87ger,"Hi everyone,normally I don't write reviews, but as this game only has an incomprehensible bad score of 58% I felt like I had to write one. The bad rating made me ignoring this title for a long time. But a friend recommended it to me lately so I took a secound look. I bought it two days ago and already spent 20 hours ingame, so you can tell that I enjoy playing it.First of all, the game is developed by only one person and its in early alpha stage. The music that plays in the background from now and then fits in very well. The grafics still need a lot of polish though, but in an early alpha stage the things like game mechanics, content and troubleshooting have much higher priority. And I play games because of the fun and not because of the grafics. If I want good grafic I can look out my window - its like Crisis 12 ;-D.So far I founded my own settlement and it has 30+ villagers so far. The next step for me is raising troops and getting better weapons + some fighting skills. So for me there is still a lot to do in this game.In some ways Kingdoms already is were I wanted Life is feudal to be. It has NPCs, so your local worlds don't feel like dead. In Kingdoms you also have to chop down trees and stuff in order do get resources, but the balance is kept between simulation and boring ingame work.I am looking forward for the announced multiplayer and hope it comes with dedicated servers, so I can play on my own server with friends and not being forced to play on offical servers.Conclusion: If you like this kind of games, you should give it a try. It's worth the money."
,Recommended,409590,33860379,Posted: 28 July,all,Gonudo,"I picked this up a few weeks ago because i found the concept very intriguing. After 10 hours of gameplay I am still having fun which is rare for EA games now a days. The crafting is simple to understand and not essential for progressing. As it is advertised, yes, you can literally do anything you want. Want to start a farm by yourself? you can do it. Own your own kingdom? You can do it. Aimlessly walk around and try to take an entire town on by yourself? You can do it (Although not recommended).Graphics are beautiful and performance is great so far. I do have a beefy PC and I dont know how it runs on less powerful PCs. I fully recommend this game to anyone that likes city building/tycoon/medieval kind of games. It reminds me of banished a bit but only in 1st person and more freedom.There is just 1 con and that is that the start feels very slow to progress as the settlements take time to grow. There is a slider before you start a game that is supposed to change that making it slower or faster the pace that the AIs build and expand.The building system is pretty good and makes sense with the skill tree involved in the game, However the game at this time has a limited number of buildings available and within like 4-5 hours you will be able to build most of the buildings.The developer updates the testing version of the game every 1-2 days and the main version that most people will play which is usually more stable is updated ever 2 or 3 weeks.Im loving it so far! 9/10"
,Recommended,409590,32679171,Posted: 23 June,all,Sotario™,"Absolutely brilliant start to an amazing game with great potential!It's already got the basics to get going and enjoy your time playing. I am absolutely thrilled to learn of the future implementation of political, law & state systems as well as multiplayer. I really look forward to competing to create the best 'country' with other players, or even joining their communities. The options are endless!Needless to say, huge fan. cannot wait to see the finished product!"
76561198040991230,Recommended,409590,33311583,Posted: 6 July,all,wolfchacer,"Game is good not great at this stage.  Huge possibilities and potential.  The few bugs I've come across are minor.In it's current state you have alot to do and build.  The only gripe I have is the AI but devs have expressed it is a main concern and are working on it.  The econony system isn't fully fleshed out but money isn't a real need in this game just yet.Overall I'd say get this game now while it's still very cheap,  as they continue to evolve this game I can see it getting more pricey.  It's far from done and has many miles to go,  but will be a great game easily when they finally get it finished.It appears it's gonna be slow going at the moment,  however the end result will make the wait worth it I think.P.S.  This is not a finished game,   bear that in mind before clicking buy if your one of those people who can't handle bugs and incomplete aspects.  Also give it some good play time .3 hrs is not enough for a solid review.  Nevertheless hang onto it as this game has the potential to ve highly addictive and fun down the road."
76561198083668553,Recommended,409590,32836757,Posted: 26 June,all,RichterScale16,"I like how often what is happening in the game is communicated and how updates are often and actually fix noticable bugs. I would buy it now before it has more content added and more bug fixes. I have no doubt that this game will increase in price sometime in the future as it gains more to it. It seems that the game is highly flexable in terms of how content can be added and changed. Defenitly a relaxing game as long as everything works, it has potential to become a great game."
76561197970712242,Recommended,409590,35041921,Posted: 18 September,all,ithaqua,"Please note that any critisisms I have are about an early access game, so my guess is they will be addressed. This review is for the early access version. The game is really fun. Even in it's current state. It's relaxing, and creative. I can't wait to see where they are going with it. Any real critisisms would simply be asking for things I'm sure they have coming. But I will note that after a few hours the lag became so bad that I could no longer play. It's sad because I was really into the game, but that should tell you how good the game is, I'm sad that I can't play it until a new update (or better machine on my end). For the price in particular, if you are on the fence...get it. Support the devs, allow them to make this what it can be."
76561198149545265,Recommended,409590,35198632,Posted: 25 September,all,dracindo,"Have you ever played Mount&Blade before, and wanted the option to live a simpler life? To be a farmer, earning honest gold, rather than commanding armies to slaughter men, and profit from the spoils of war? Then this game is what you're looking for!Currently, you can help building up someone's village, or explore a randomly generated world and manage your own village. Survive by gathering berries, farming crops, and hunting animals. Watch out for wolves, bears and bandits! Chop, mine, cook, craft, tame and more! Set up a shop to sell and buy things, or visit the shop of one of the NPC's.And if you like being a leader, you can form an army anyway. Sieges, large scaled battles and politics are on the way!A downside (just like M&B) is that the game can become repetitive. Once you know how everything works, you may switch to the rogue life, killing friendly NPC's in towns. However, there's going to be politics, families, livestock, pets, guilds and even multiplayer.Let this happen! Support the developer and buy this game. Know how to play it so you can focus on these things once they arrive.Current overall score:8/10"
76561198010155125,Recommended,409590,26179601,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,markendir,"EA with a lot of opportunities,but very slow to develop.6/10"
76561198116701241,Recommended,409590,18688066,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sir Yangalot,"Needs Lots Of Work......I like the whole idea of the game but, This game is not worth playing at this early in develpment. I would recommend waiting for this game to develop in the future. Mainly a feature that allows you to access your own Home and other Houses."
76561197994554776,Not Recommended,409590,28232307,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bushwacker,"Realistically this game is not close to alpha based on the fact that you heavily rely on AI. The AI at the moment serve no purpose what so ever. Take a quest from the Bulletin Board you place in town and you cant even complete the quest. After the first night you spend in game and morning comes you walk out side and there are about 20 frames for buildings placed all around your Well, Bulletin Board and Common House you placed to make your town. But the NPC's either stand around  in random places playing with themselves doing nothing or lay on the ground when there is a Common House right in front of them to sleep!! Interact with an NPC, ask them what they are doing and they say ""they dont have a job"". lol But there are 20 building frames sitting there in front of them. Graphics are superb but thats about it. Way to early to enjoy this game."
76561198032835435,Not Recommended,409590,23656528,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,adeep187,"It has potential but needs A LOT of work, I purchased on sale and I am glad I did not pay full price. I spent 40min trying to find a settlement and when I finally did a bear killed me while I was crafting planks. The items in hand are held RIGHT in your face blocking everything (including the torch which is kind of counterproductive). I did kill a wolf and the combat was awkward and I wasn't even sure what was happening."
,Not Recommended,409590,23657183,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,stever1212,I wanted it to be good and it has good potential. there are just too many bugs even for early access. for example there were so many trees on the map i was on but as soon as id reach close to a forest it would just dissapear.
,Recommended,409590,32841207,Posted: 26 June,all,Zkiller55645,"Kingdoms is a huge openworld game with pretty decent building mechanics. The game in its current states needs some work, but has a LOT of potential. The graphics are quite unimpressive to say the least but the gameplay does make up for that. You can build some pretty awesome towns, similar to stronghold, and actually run your own taverns and shops. NPC's will also develope their own towns around the map. In the current build of the game, combat is very limited, clunky, and needs a lot of work. You also can't build anykind of walls or castle structures. The closes thing would be wooden and stone towers used to defend your settlement. The game, however, plans to add faction wars and diplomacy. Hopefully this will include defensive structures, such as walls, keeps, towers, etc. and better combat options. Overall, in the current state of the game, it is basically a village simulator. You can build your own village or live in someone elses, take quests, which are quite lacking, and fight against other villages or animals. (side note watch out for bears). I do, however, recommend this game because it will give you hours playtime now and even more as development progresses."
76561197993909373,Recommended,409590,32896863,Posted: 27 June,all,Lanrick,"Well, 19 hours in an I am loving the game so far.   Is it perfect or complete yet?  Not yet, but the bones are there to build a fun game and from everything I have read so far, the developer is active and is frequently releasing updates.     The road map has a lot of ambitious and neat features planned for the future.   For an EA game, it runs smoothly on my computer, and I have not had a crash yet.    For those that like games like Mount and Blade, sim games, and city builders, Kingdoms is definitely a game to keep an eye on."
76561198220557465,Recommended,409590,32859719,Posted: 27 June,all,shuntington,Great game so much to do. The only thing I can complain about is how to get more settlers in your village?
,Recommended,409590,35166002,Posted: 23 September,all,DiamondDelver,"Please keep in mind this is a very unfinished game, and if you want something finished, look elsewhere.  However, for what it is, this game is amazing and hase a HUGE potential.  Even with what little it currently has, it is very enjoyable.  There is a huge update almost every month, adding new content, fixes, and mechanics.  In its onoptimized state, you may need a beefier machine to run it well.  Please, buy this game and support the devs!"
,Recommended,409590,32710293,Posted: 23 June,all,conninator2000,"Great game, I love the unique skill tree, only problem is sometimes the settlers that are obtained dont always have the skills you want. But that isnt really a huge problem. This game has alot of potential and I hope the devs stick with it and continue to provide great support and frequent updates."
,Recommended,409590,34375339,Posted: 20 August,all,MoonMan,Holy hell this is fun.10/10 m80
76561198020394483,Recommended,409590,35023374,Posted: 17 September,all,The Unity Beast,"This game has much potential and active devs. Don't be chased off by its pretty bad graphics, underneath is a labor of love. I very much enjoy this game. I love the feeling of being responsible for my tiny village as we grew in a sea of settlements."
,Recommended,409590,32451262,Posted: 15 June,all,Trialz,This game is amazing but the devs are even better :)
76561198054387695,Recommended,409590,34001901,Posted: 3 August,all,Generation117,"The game feels very thin, yet manages to pull off some decent things. The building mechanics are quite nice, however the interactions between ""player"" and ""world"" is miniscule. There needs to be more than Mouse, WASD to move, and Interaction button. This game is in very early development, so it's hard to judge... all in all I like it, and the direction it's headed."
,Recommended,409590,34454078,Posted: 23 August,all,Watchdogs786,So i have played this game an so far its a wonderful game with so much to be added an i am hoping the devs are reading the comments on the updates that get posted becaues there tons of greate ideas in there so recently bought this game as well an 19.5 came out an i am really happy with what they have done but still if u add more to the game it will get more good or mixed reviews but for me its going to be a good one becaues i luv this game as much as i like the sims 4-p.s Listen to the fans in the update posts or if u ar enew to thsi game please join our groupe for kingdomshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/dkfjsghnsghnsg
76561198059652742,Recommended,409590,33808541,Posted: 26 July,all,sjbclaeys,"So, I'm usually an RTS player but I've tried my fair share of survival games and always quit after about two hours of wood chopping. After buying this game I played for 6 straight hours after which I realised I had to quit to go to sleep being excited what the next few hours on Kingdoms would bring the next day!The learning curve is not steep and starting your own settlement is easy enough to enjoy the wood chopping and building to see it grow. You improve and advance on a very nice pace and you rarely get bored. The fact that the NPC's have an AI that works and they shape the environment as much as you do gives you the feeling you're not playing alone, something most other games failed to achieve.This is the first survival game I love and I really hope the Devs keep working on this game to help it reach it's full potential!Wow."
76561198190315287,Recommended,409590,33315630,Posted: 6 July,all,Mogul,"Started off by exploring world and discovered wolves dont like my present here.Ok killed first time, now i will try different aproach. First i will try to establish my home.As time passes by i ended up having 30 people.Started farm to feed hungry companions, opened shop and money start coming. Opened blacksmith and armed my little army.Let's explore further more this strange land...Across one big mountain found another town wih 22 settlers. Speaked with few fellows, and found out their leader is famous carpenter in these lands.What! I am famous in these lands!Took 5 of my best man and slaughtered this ""famous"" leader when he was lonely in the woods. Now we are going somewhere. We are getting stronger, who knows what is waiting us...:)Anyway, this game is great in it's current stage. It's alpha so you can expect starting over lots of times, but it's really enjoyable. There is lots of content now, as i am writing.Developer is very active, which is always good thing. He is bringing new content almost every day.Bought this on summer sale and for money he is asking this is more than fair.If you like Mount and blade kind of games, than this is for you.Sure there is lots of things that needs to be shaped, but as it is now, you will have hours playing with joy,"
,Recommended,409590,33339909,Posted: 7 July,all,Dalorath,"I Love that I can play News Tychoon for free when i launch this :-D   I havent even tried Kingdoms yet, I seen news tychoon when i launched Kingdoms, and said whats this lol...  Buy this game, its 2 in 1 :-DIncase you dont understand, What i meant was that you get both news tychoon and Kingdoms it seems :-D  When you launch kingdoms, you can choose to play kingdoms or news tychoon :-DIve enjoyed watching this game evolve over the time its been here on steam, and i bought it recently and was pleasently suprised with 2 games in 1 :-D"
76561198285325301,Recommended,409590,28841976,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,almainthewoods,"Bought this after watching GameEdged's videos, and seeing it was on sale. Played almost all night. I see a lot of potential, and looking forward to the game evolving with updates.  Even with the bugs, and the things that need to be worked on it was imersive, and fun. The NPCs can be creepy, but I like creepy."
76561198309272237,Recommended,409590,23439186,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Harry_BleedooRRR,"Another EA game, bought in sale just today, no expectations at all, - but hell! - i like it so far!Yes, it could be better, with normal tutorial (not only the text in journal), better performance (hope, this will be fixed in the next updates, crossing my fingers), better AI, after all - give me to rule the Kingdoms and the army! But, i enjoyed it so far - crafting is OKay, building is quite intresting - i enjoyed to explore this world.Devs, please, finish it, i beg you, guys:) You have my word (sword/bow/axe) ""Yes"", i trust in this project."
,Recommended,409590,34649939,Posted: 31 August,all,Gilligan355,Start 3rd or 4th worldGrow village to be the richest and most populated one in the landFind out one village is coming close in bothSlaughter The Village leader and take over villageSet taxes to 50% and collectchange taxes to 0Kill surrounding bandits to boost reputationRepeat with all the big settlements on the islandFind out cheats are a thinggoes afk with game speed at 256xcome back 1hr later to 5x the settlersvillage so large the game is like a slideshowStart new world and repeat
76561198119419217,Recommended,409590,18731407,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,10.,"the potential of the game is there. In its current state it is fun to play, and with further upgrades it will become very good it just need some time. It have a few minor bugs, but with a little care could really become a great gaming experience.To the people who give the game negative reviews. They cannot see the potensial of the game, and proably don`t take in mind that this is a deweloping game, or are just grumpy idiots who like to salt on people who are better than them.please try this game, and help the developers to coutinue developing this game and improve it. This game has potensial few other games have."
,Not Recommended,409590,29497205,Posted: 25 January,all,pdqb,"Nothing works, you chop wood and build houses, Nothing else. Villagers are dumb af they sit around do nothing. There is nothing to do in this game."
76561198042519313,Not Recommended,409590,30015956,Posted: 18 February,all,Dangleberries,Went to play it built a house and saved loaded the next day and my house was gone
76561198192630479,Not Recommended,409590,29159575,Posted: 10 January,all,Askey,"After playing the game for an hour these are my thoughts...This game obviously has much less funding such as games like Skyrim for example, and personally I can be quite forgiving to indie type of games. But when the game is slow/twitchy on low settings (Skyrim runs fine), then you clearly have a problem. The dev may need to make this a priority...I like games that don't hold your hand, but having to guess what the controls are is very annoying. I later figured out that theres a tutorial sub-section.I like the idea of collecting seeds for agriculture. Visually the mines are beautiful (even on low settings), only problem is you can easily get lost in them with no obvious way of finding your way out. Too many bears (may need to balance this), I felt that at every turn I was bumping into them.Fairly negative review but I am compelled to jump back into the game.Will update when Ive spent more time in the game...I currently would'nt recommend the game, you need a lot of patience in its current state."
,Recommended,409590,20600516,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,cshepher,"Good game great A.I. you spelled apprentice wrong and the game could use bug fixes like how i would take quest and it would immediately say it was complete and would  give me the Xp and you should make leveling go a little faster because it feels like a grind just to get to level two. I like the fact that this game cold go anywhere in the future the reason is that every time you load up a world it's like a new game you never know what your going to get so i also think there should be more quests than going to a ruin and looking at it. The reason this is set apart from other games is that unlike skyrim which you always load up the same game you get new landscapes everytime you load the game up and if they run a mix between mount and blade and skyrim with building a village. The A.I. always goes to one part of the village which is kind of annoying and the A.I get stuck in each other. The A.I can somehow walk through house's walls and they sleep in themiddle of the house in a pile. I like that you are just as strong as the A.I. because that gives it a more life-like feel to the game. Also why Doesn't the fame meter work I was grinding for hours and it as still at zero after doing tons of quests. The game feels like you always have to do something for colleting food to building a house that is pretty good for this game and if they were going for life-like they nailed it atleast with gameplay I am not going to judge the graphic becouse the gameis still in early alpha. Why doesn't the A.I, compistate you if you help build their hous. With this review I think that the game is pretty good it is worth the 10 dollars."
76561198000010328,Not Recommended,409590,19498330,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BlueSkull,"as of yet, i wouldnt recommend buying this title. many of the most basic game mechanics are yet missing, the bugs are ample and playability is poor.however you can walk around and admire the landscape, take a look at a very rudimentary house building system as well as doing some resource gathering.i would recommand to wait a good long while before buying this title if u are interested in playing a game."
76561198065586474,Not Recommended,409590,30483132,Posted: 12 March,all,Rain,"bought the game with high hopes, loved the concept but the devs have given up. do NOT buy."
,Recommended,409590,26178053,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Marinxar,I will kepp my review positive as I believe there is a good game in the making here. It may take a while at current progress though.
,Recommended,409590,18718125,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gadget,"I support the idea, but they have a very very very long way to go!"
76561198103049777,Not Recommended,409590,19438412,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mr Poopybutthole,"I would not recommend this game untill the game has been further developed, at this point in tim it should not be on the steam market or should have beta testing to sort out all bugs"
,Recommended,409590,23471507,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Syrius,"Excellent concept, visually impressive landscapes.NPCs are quite slow building up their town, if you build yourself you 20-30x faster than any NPC. For example if you focus on building up a town you can have 8-10 buildings completed in the time it takes neigbouring NPCs to get 6-8 building frames, ie they plan out where they want thier buildings in the time it takes you to complete them and more.I'm reccomending this game, but I am hesitant to do so. It has a lot of little bugs, the control system takes a couple of tries to get used to (not having the same button to exit every situation for example) and the concentration of animals caused me quite a bit of lag after a couple of hours play.There is so much potential here, they deserve every chance to realise it. Pick it up on sale ;-)"
,Recommended,409590,23577090,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Bonghumper,"While this game is a WIP, it offers hours of playable content and amazing potential for the future. I am a huge fan of mods like Wasteland Survival in the Fallout series and the Skyrim companion, settlement building is as gratifying as tideous and this game capitalizes on that and also much more. If you are looking for an open medieval RPG this one might surprise you. A great deal if on sale, and imo still worth the 10 USD to support the devs and see the game evolve."
76561198021942979,Recommended,409590,34816157,Posted: 8 September,all,twitch.tv/schobold,game is pretty cool and shows a lot of potential. cant wait to see where it goes!
,Recommended,409590,34767549,Posted: 5 September,all,Pvt.wing dings(Medic),"Nice stuff,Good Potential"
76561198005844149,Recommended,409590,35090242,Posted: 20 September,all,Braw Lad,"I haven't played the game that long but the half hour I dedicated to it, I've already fallen in love with the game. It's the kind of game I've been waiting for my entire life. I've always liked being a nobody by just living in a world. I'm not all that interested in being the hero, and this game does just that. While most games force you into being a hero one way or another, this one lets you be the merchant, the farmer, or the bandit leader that is usually on the wrong end of the heroes sword. And it's still in early access.With that being said, the game could definitely use some improvement, and I'm sure that it will improve over time. As features will be added. If they're going full simulation, I feel maybe it would be interesting to have a system similar to The Guild where you can marry and have children and start a dynasty for your kingdom. But that's just wishful thinking.It's a little jerky at times and the UI is a bit confusing and the character models are fairly ugly(I can't seem to figure out how to give my character eyebrows).With a $10 price tag, I fully recommend this game.I know it's an unpopular opinion but I kind of wish this was able to b pe ported to consoles later because I know a lot of people who don't own computers that can handle this game."
,Not Recommended,409590,23484528,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,RU,"I think the developers should work on the basics of the games first before actually trying to add more things into it. My computer exceeds the minimum requirements to play this game by quite a lot but even with the ""fastest"" quality, I will still experience game lag and freeze from time to time. Will not recommend this game until problem solved."
76561198023467927,Recommended,409590,32608067,Posted: 20 June,all,Cannibal Catfish,"The Developers are constantly working on this game.  You can tell from the forums that the developers actually consider suggestions and respond pretty quickly.  Love the devs on this game, and the game it self has tons of potential.  Most recent update is pretty awesome too."
76561198300504556,Recommended,409590,33860949,Posted: 28 July,all,Shmmar Yuharish,I bought this game at January and I thought it sucked so I waited for a while and finally it became good.
76561198073064444,Recommended,409590,33983482,Posted: 2 August,all,Valhal,"Amazing potential. The goal of this game is perfect. I feel like Ragnar Lothbrok. The dev seems to be creating my 200 mod Skyrim setup. I can't wait to see what is to come. However, I would like to see greater mouse sensitivity put in. On max, it still feels a bit groggy. Obviously, the game isn't done, so there are areas that still need polish (Road loading times get a bit crazy after several of them are built, but I don't know if that is changable). Also, my greediness would like to have an endless world. (But the one that has been designed is rather massive). Despite a clunky combat system and long load screens, this game is currently in my top spot. It does everything I want an open world survival game to do!Edit: Forgot to mention, settlements REALLY needs a demolish building feature. Someone started building a structure on day one of my settlement, and then they abandoned it. My beautiful city may always have a scaffold in the center :("
76561198052654424,Recommended,409590,33842050,Posted: 27 July,all,Puke,"Good game! Lot's of fun but many bugs and not a lot of character options, i think once this game is done being developed it will be way better"
,Recommended,409590,33977710,Posted: 2 August,all,"S.Oficer Statku ,,Ciekawy Karp''","10/10 beats The Forestoke this game is in early access and still it is ♥♥♥♥ing good , idk why people do negative reviews because it has bugs when it is in EARLY ACCESS"
76561198063427036,Recommended,409590,34001670,Posted: 3 August,all,STS,"Do I recommend this game?Short answer: Hell yes!! Buy it.Longer answer: You should definitely buy if you are a fan of RPG´s and you like settlement building, exploring, hunting, farming or setting up a bandit lair. And this all in early access for only 10 bugs. A hard working developer and a great idea for a game that keeps growing while you play. The dev is open for ideas and the community is helpful in testing for bugs and glitches.Normally I stay away from early access but I just could not resist this one and I'm glad I didn't. Sure it is not perfect yet, you shouldn't expect that but this should be clear to anyone who buys an early access title.So again...hit the buy button and ENJOY!If you want more info I recommend the Kingdoms discussion forum. Many players have posted good explaining reviews as well so I won't go into that.I recommend."
,Recommended,409590,34151978,Posted: 10 August,all,Justin,This game has lots of potential. It definitely needs polish but it has the right idea.
,Recommended,409590,34204399,Posted: 12 August,all,Ficus,great game great potential to be more i love this game
76561198058595456,Recommended,409590,32734336,Posted: 24 June,all,Skarr Talin,"Even in the games current Alpha state, it is great. The settlements start to feel like a real place, full of life once you get enough people in there."
,Recommended,409590,33862211,Posted: 28 July,all,Factory New Bread,Questionable at first but the more i played the better it became.
76561198096541986,Recommended,409590,34053781,Posted: 5 August,all,AmericanNatSoc,"this is possibly the greatest game ive played. sure there will definitly need to be improvement obviously, but my god id donate if i new where i could. i can not wait until full release, my God i love it!Ok so i have biases but i'll do my best to stay to stay really short and neutral.Pro:its unlimitedyou can be anything literally.build armies and there will be an expansive politiking system and suchthink mount and blade but alittle more in depth.Cons:tons of bugsno tutorialthe AI is absolutely suburb... however sometimes kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and once off the ship go to their death by bear.not a ton of questsmy biggest con is skill learning, i want to learn my own skills that i picked without going to and NPC all the while still being able to learn other skills they know,suggestions:some new buildings, like Barracks, churches(or other religions however as its set in 1400's church) walls around the settlement, bandits, livestock, guard house, great hall, ports maybe?... etc, maybe land terraforming(?), more personality in the AI, more generation customization options, lord option or career options in general, and all else im sure is planed.First playthrough drowned, second mauled by bear, third ate by wolf, third starved, fourth successfully lived until i accidently hit AI chopping tree...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by other villagers. i suck at virtual life more than real life/10. Amazing game!"
76561198096143735,Recommended,409590,34129696,Posted: 9 August,all,The Tangerator,"I have never reviewed a game on steam, nor do i like early access titles generally. This game has amazing potential and its already an amazing as it is!Shoutout to the one person creating this masterpiece. Keep at it and please dont abandon this gem."
76561198151490537,Recommended,409590,35069262,Posted: 19 September,all,Blake,"Hey Guys just wanted to say that this game is a great open world, town managment, building game. If you like open world survival games and like grinding in games this game is for you I would recomend as I have had this game almost since it came out o' so long ago. 8/10 would recomend for the avreage grinding game."
76561198118660495,Recommended,409590,35247866,Posted: 27 September,all,shane.streeter,been play off on so far the game EA so yes there bugs in game 2 years ago and its came long way and i play test up date branch and it updaed ever 1 and 2 days i see bad reviews on the game people for  get this EA game . the dev  is one the best  hes was with ever quest and  he maker of wurm  i still play them games so   that why im still sticking here  it be all good game dose happen over nigth
,Recommended,409590,32818836,Posted: 26 June,all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ Trashboat ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"I played for 7 hours straight the first day I had it without realizing. Yes its early access, yes the graphics aren't the greatest, but its a great game even as it is now. I love watching my little town grow."
76561198026635584,Recommended,409590,32980496,Posted: 29 June,all,Runo,I have had this game from the get go .At first look it was poor ( early access ) but I bought into its conept .It has been a while for the game to cook into something like a playable gamebut the devs have been busy in the kitchen and the smell is wonderful .The game is reborn & I am excited to see where it will go .
76561198067241428,Recommended,409590,33305213,Posted: 6 July,all,Djibril,its a promising game.i hope its not abandoned until finish.
,Recommended,409590,33911022,Posted: 30 July,all,Optimus Christ,"Had my eye on this for a while, but had been hesitant to buy it because it seemed too ambitious and I had seen to many projects like this collapse in early access.  Man am I glad I decided to pick this up.  I've played only about 4 hours or so, but it's been some great fun!  I can see myself getting dozens of hours of play out of even this early access version.  The dev seems very active on the forums which is always a plus in early access.  A dev that's around and talks to the people playing his game seems much less likely to bail or give up easily.  Good luck on this titel! Can't wait to see more and more systems come into play."
76561198321429930,Recommended,409590,25023275,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ComicalWaffle,"I like the game but there are some things that i dont like about it.1) theres a bug where your items go away, I was building a shop at a town and my axe disappeard when i was getting some logs after i went to kill a fox with my sword.2) add a mouse sensitivity meter.3)make the caves a bit brighter or make the torch more powerful.4) i went to talk to a villager and i had my sword out :| please make the interact button Estill a good game, i might wait untill some updates come out when i play it again."
,Not Recommended,409590,23528298,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Cyberdinamical,"I've played this for a little bit and I have to say that it does need more work. It is in Early Access and it does show its very rough edges but I have high hopes for this game and it has potential.Pros:+GraphicsCons:-Not optimized-AI is buggy-Crafting can be buggy at timesThis list will be updated as the game gets updated more as I can't remember most of the ups and downs while playing this game. I can't recommend it yet due to its current state but if you do have your eyes set, I would recommend you follow the game for updates."
76561198030914925,Recommended,409590,33567554,Posted: 15 July,all,torac,"Over the last couple of years I have regularly asked myself why I keep getting involved with early access titles. The reason why is that every so often you uncover a real gem. Kingdoms is without doubt one of those. It is rare in my gaming life, which spans decades, that I have come across a game so well put together with its gameplay, music and sheer concept. I have enjoyed the hours I have already spent ingame immensely, and fully expect to spend many hundreds more. The way the AI developes the town, the way you have' wow' moments from the scenery at dusk or dawn, the overall impact of thunderstorms and the freedom to play the game the way you want to all combine for a really compelling game.All of these wonderful points though are secondary to the most vital piece needed for an early access game to come to fruition, and that is the developer. In all my years of gaming I have not found a developer so devoted to a project as this one is. It isn't so much a project, it's a labour of love. It has already been a privilege to see what he has accomplished since the  game launched over 18 months ago. It is perhaps unique in my experience to see a developer so devoted to his dream and still producing updates, comunicating with his community, and driving his game forward at this stage of the games development.Don't let the fact that this is an EA game put you off. This one is special."
76561198027953334,Recommended,409590,35012098,Posted: 16 September,all,rjsuzukirider,This game was released in 2015. since i have had the game a handfull of months i have only seen one up date... will there be more? Has the game development expired.I had purchased this in the hopes of further development and have not seen many advancements.
76561198041316459,Recommended,409590,18760472,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Yaguitofenix,"Actually this game has so much potential, but needs development."
,Recommended,409590,18707091,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Daxothy,"For its stage,  the game is great. I would recommend.When cutting down trees, the animation is intresting. The only problem I have is that the trees do not go away right after I chop it down. Maybe have another animation of it going into the ground anfter 10 seconds of it being on the ground.Looking forward to updates and bug fixes in the future..8/10"
76561197972309518,Recommended,409590,18704674,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,redrecon,I have really enjoyed playing this game. needs morethings added to it and work on the npcs but that will come with time. Keep it up!!!
,Recommended,409590,29037808,Posted: 5 January,all,Razors Edge,"If you liked an old game called GUILDS II, you will love what the developers of Kingdoms has planned.   Though its in early stages of developement Ive found it very playable and have almost 40 hours of play time as of this review.They have a roadmap and stick pretty close to the once a month update with a lot of content added with each update.  The staff is active on the forums and post responses pretty much daily.   This is certainly not abandonware.I highly recommend this game and the price is certainly in range for what you get already."
76561198192124215,Recommended,409590,26282310,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,crimsionchunk,so far i like it its still very much early acess with bugs and needs more content but it has tons of potential devolopers update every now and then when they do it its very big so i can recremond this
,Not Recommended,409590,19517071,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,The Dark Horse,"This game is very eary and i would not recommend this game at this time. You spawn into the world and without not a lot of direction figure out what to do. You have quest's to complete but when you complete the quest it still shows as active and has not been completed. You cant enter houses at this time and combat is just awful. Avoid this title at this time, it still needs a lot of work and really is not ready to be EA."
76561198087616255,Recommended,409590,23512724,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sheogorath,"Very good and new concept. Not worth the buy right now but if developers keep at it, it will be a very new and invigorating game."
76561198038759225,Recommended,409590,30520896,Posted: 15 March,all,delta-61,updates are coming back yay really want this game to happen .this game is super early dont get in unless u understand that the game has no real playability u can just mess around with current features.
76561198013965188,Recommended,409590,32352212,Posted: 11 June,all,{FOX} Big Mac,"This game is in its early dev! but still fun to walk arround, the price is also good aimed, if the devs keep going as they are.there need to be more options in building but for so early in dev it's an awesome start, hope there will be more walls and streets to make a real cityPRO:working economicschoice of job you can donice art work on the buildings, even if it's early accessfarming is set-up goodlove the option to make a town, and get troopsCONS:Really early access, allot of bug still get inCombat system it terribleFarming is a good but no continueation like ccokingTown management is a bit cluncy, hope the get to work on itarmy management is a bit limited, hope the will look for an RTS kind of overview to get a better feel of a kingdomneed more crafting options"
,Recommended,409590,33302572,Posted: 5 July,all,Tudor,"Not bad, has a lot of potential"
76561198141035240,Not Recommended,409590,29231157,Posted: 13 January,all,KngBrianBoru,"Game is too buggy and sometimes wont load, when it does (even on the lowest graphics setting) the sensivity is horrible and everything loads too slow, would not reccomend buying this under any circumstances, well till they sort it out anyway"
,Recommended,409590,28837604,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DoomBlackDragon,This game has great opportunity.. Sure it not the best game out there but it still in early access. Hell it better then most early access games out there. So that a good thing. Give it time and let it grow.
,Recommended,409590,32195439,Posted: 5 June,all,SSG L.Matney[173rd],"If Minecraft were realistic and had really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI. I'd imagine it'd play something like this. Or mayhaps think of this as Life is Feudal, but singleplayer and waaaaay simpler. I like it and I think it's a good game, with great potential that needs a lot of work. The dev team is evidently tiny, but they do not relent to push updates. They come at about 1 month intervals, but each seems to improve the gameplay. Much recommended for the patient."
,Recommended,409590,32836540,Posted: 26 June,all,Yrula8,"Great game to play, yes it's in Early Acess but its fun to be playing it in its early stages. It reminds me of ""Magic Kingdom For Sale"" by Terry Brooks. Ya, I know I'm a Nerd, but I can't wait to see what's next with each update that is coming out."
76561198069182936,Recommended,409590,32789067,Posted: 25 June,all,RedJaguar,"An excellent game, I can't wait for the next updates to come out!I guess it's like Minecraft, but with an existing economy and NPCs to engage with.However, it is early access, and so there are a few bugs, but nothing that stops gameplay. You can work around it very easily.Highly recommended1"
76561198122960840,Recommended,409590,33104311,Posted: 1 July,all,AthenasChosen,"Alright, updated review. Initially the game was crashing on me when I opened it but the developers helped me to figure out the problem. (Adjust the screen resolution and graphics settings did it.) So far the game has been really fun, there are obviously a few bugs here and there but I'm confident they'll get fixed as the game continues to be developed.Pros:-Really lets you do anything you want to. Explore, make a settlement, join one, own a shop, farm, tavern. Command armies, become a king or a queen, etc.-Huge maps, can take hours just to cross across it. Not to mention explore everywhere-All around really funCons:-Still a few bugs of course, but it's early access so that's to be expected from any game.-Wish there were some confirmation buttons on things like deleting saves or items (accidentally destroyed my axe by double clicking lol)"
76561198304094966,Recommended,409590,33572744,Posted: 15 July,all,Astronomese,"I love this game even though it has a few issues. For one when i try to move an item in my inventory it will sometimes get deleted randomly, also i experience some lag even on the lowest settings. however i would recomend this game to my friends, it is just soooo fun. Im actually trying to convince one of my friends to play it with me when coop comes out. this game has HUGE potential.... DONT GIVE UP ON IT. Nice work guys, BIG thumbs up."
76561198111281933,Recommended,409590,32279156,Posted: 8 June,all,dae_woo90,Good game in the making it seems. love the fact that the AI does its own thing. need link to a wiki or something im having trouble with starving in the second day.
,Recommended,409590,32813230,Posted: 26 June,all,kholdfuzion,"Game is awesome. Besides early access bugs and polish needed ,which is a given cosidering its early access, I have no complaints except one: Theres no MP that I can find :(. This game would lend its self perfectly to either inviting friends to play in your world, or hosting a world for many."
,Recommended,409590,32855830,Posted: 27 June,all,ChaosFigure,"Okay i have played around 13 hours of this game now and i have to say this game has huge potential, it mixes games like mount and blade with stronghold, now it maybe be in early access but the Dev is super sctive and has answered every question asked and progress is really coming along now, if this game even seems a little interesting to you, get it, it may take an hour or 2 to get into it but trust me, it is well worth the money on sale or not.9/10"
76561198082487036,Recommended,409590,33064977,Posted: 30 June,all,Emmortale,"I don't know why something like this hasn't been created before. It has everything I have always wanted in a game: open world, medieval, survival, growth and realistic change in a large setting."
76561198008156168,Recommended,409590,33605601,Posted: 17 July,all,Buzzard,SO this game has a lot of potential at the moment after making your settlment etc and getting iron to get a good sword/armor there's isnt really much to do after. I feel at the moment there's no point in making and army and attacking a settlement.
76561198041798700,Recommended,409590,33626045,Posted: 18 July,all,Whooya,This is a game with alot of potential. The developer really wants this game to be a success. The developer is constantly updating the game and really wants to put out a top notch product. The developer really puts his heart and soul into implementing new features and fixing bugs. Its really nice to see a developer who listens and cares about the customer. I applaud the developer and highly recommend this game even if its early access and a work in progress.
76561198312534154,Recommended,409590,33595333,Posted: 16 July,all,Blurryflame,"Great gmae in the works here. This is the type of game you can start and choose what type of character you want to play. you can be the leader of your own city, be the local carpenter, be a farmer. Hope to see how this game developes and look forward to spending more hours in my own little world. If you get the game I suggest looking at tutorials or looking at a good quild. If you come fresh off it will be harder to get started."
,Recommended,409590,33966168,Posted: 2 August,all,Imahavenfun,"Fantastic concept for a game, but difficult to pull off.  My ingame hours are proof that even in Alpha stage this game is a lot of fun.  Bugs have been minimal so far, and the Dev is hard at work, so things appear promising.  I reserve the right to change my review if the Dev falls away, but at the moment things look good.Live a different life, move from the 21st century to the 14th!  Experience an automated community living life in the middle ages.  Be a farmer, shopkeeper, artisan, leader, bandit, or hunter, or possibly all of the above.  The game interface is fairly unobtrusive and intuitive.  Give this game a try, it is the right price."
76561198234524696,Recommended,409590,34112243,Posted: 8 August,all,Mortimer the Yellow Shirt,Just spent the last four hours captivated by this game.Very excited for the end result just hoping there will be more NPC  interaction.
,Recommended,409590,33934445,Posted: 31 July,all,theyareseven,"This game is simply amazing, it's moving at a great speed and all the roadmap elements are coming together :) in a year or twos time this game will be the game to have!"
,Recommended,409590,33935663,Posted: 31 July,all,Gr8pboy,"Kingdoms:Kingdoms is a nice open world sandboxy game where you just do what you want.I greatly enjoy the genre so i picked up this game, and here is what i think:Negatives:-It turns in to a real pain to level up around level 14 and some things like master blacksmith take 80 points (8 levels worth of points) so i can start to get a little bit grindy- (minor) The bow seems to be like 20lb pull, because that arrow drops like a rock.- Combat (with people) is horrible right now, you can just walk around behind them and they wont turn around, so you can just stab them right in the back a few times and you won.Things that i am neutral or very slightly annoyed about:+- NPC's will camp the bulletin board and swipe jobs before you can even get a chance to do anything. Not a huge issues, but when you are the town builder, it sucks to have those jobs taken away.+- You cant build others houses. I dont enjoy seeing half built houses for weeks, but i cant finish others houses unless i have been assigned to+- I would ****ing love if i could commision work from the blacksmith. I'd pay throught the nose if i could do it.+- Due to the level grind, if you camp in the town you made, youll come to a standstill level-wise, so you have to explore or something, which doesnt really suit me.+- if you start as like, a blacksmith, or something, it takes a long time for a town to get the capitol to build a blacksmith place, so you either need to level up and learn worker, or start with it, taking away from your blacksmithing, or other such skill.Enough moaning though, Here is what gave the game the positive rating.++++ Absolute freedom to do as a please. This one is huge for me. I really enjoy things being open-ended.++ build what you like where you like as long as  you have the skill, and if you do, you can sell your houses+ smithing is a pretty neat mechanic, i enjoy the way its setup currently.All in all, i do enjoy  the game. Its got some quirks, but the genre and style make up for it in my opinion. That may not be how you feel, if you need set goals, this game is a little bit lacking. However, if you are fine just being dropped into a world and making your own path, this game is great."
76561198059508346,Recommended,409590,33955898,Posted: 1 August,all,[77th][Rec]Inferno,I was not to picky about this game befor but with the resant updates it is really comeing to gether! cant wait to be a bandit and fight other citys for land! 8/10
76561198331840272,Recommended,409590,33956588,Posted: 1 August,all,troyrichardson84,"i really like this game! and that the devs really care, thx guys for all you have done"
76561198030958668,Recommended,409590,33962954,Posted: 1 August,all,coasion,More than worth the $10. I bought this game a long time ago. It had lots of bugs and not much to do. After a long silence the game developers started updating the game almost monthly. With every update the games gets even better with more content and depth. You could play for hours and not get bored.
,Recommended,409590,33780943,Posted: 24 July,all,bowfin35,It's a good game and the dev is constantly updating and releasing patches.
,Recommended,409590,33935884,Posted: 31 July,all,OH_u_DEAD,"well worth the  low price tag. Devs are still working hard on the game which is a good thing, too many times have i bought a game where the devs have given up on the community."
76561198018144654,Recommended,409590,33956062,Posted: 1 August,all,Raven,"Great game, the devs are working hard with the updates, love how the game is progressing, fully recommend playing the game"
,Recommended,409590,33908074,Posted: 30 July,all,Alantil,Game is playable and most importantly enjoyable even in current state.The concept is realy great and that's why i cant wait to play the final version.
76561198017174595,Recommended,409590,34121336,Posted: 9 August,all,tazzy4u2,Great game at an amazingly low price. In better shape now than CMS18 was on release day!IS in Early Access so there will be bugs and still stuff to implement but would happily of paid more for this.
,Recommended,409590,33899255,Posted: 30 July,all,bonelessflea,The AI that build thier own settlements by themselves in this make it work buying alone. I am confused because there is a castle in one of the pictures of this game but I have yet to see one...Also I use the command call army and sometimes in a town a few people come to my aid but i can command 10 soldiers and i have at least 20 in my army.. kind of odd. I hope the devs bring some bandit AI or something to combat with in this game. Still I reccomend playing around on this game if you have the 10 bucks to spare.
,Recommended,409590,32515493,Posted: 17 June,all,Short blonde dude,Great game and studio with lots of potential.
76561198019436541,Recommended,409590,34787048,Posted: 6 September,all,walktaylor,"Amazing game with a lot of potential. Updates are put out on a regular basis, and Devs seem to be very involved in the community.This game is worth the the price now, and it helps support the addition of more content."
76561197986881985,Recommended,409590,33756771,Posted: 23 July,all,doctor_hillbilly,"Well, I purchased this yesterday and dropped 7 hours in it since then. It's about to get deleted off my drive for now, as I have things I NEED to do, and they're going to take a back seat to Kingdoms unless I take drastic action.Without trying to get clever or funny in this review, let me say that the game reminds me of what you'd get if you took Mount and Blade and Settlers of Catan, along with a sprinkling of The Guild series, and put them in a blender. You essentially start out with a few odds and ends, and have to figure out how to make a go of it pretty quickly (hint: learn what berry bushes look like, and consider taking a couple of levels in agriculture). I started out with a swordsman who had a level in merchant (whatever it's called in the game, I forget). Didn't realize I needed worker to build a building, but was able to get that when I levelled up. After building the store, I decided to get into the farming business and built a farmhouse, along with a dozen garden plots. Nice, freeform gameplay, especially if you're looking for a ""medieval tech colonial life simulator.""Given that the game is still in EA, it's playable and fun to mess around with. My concern for it, at this point, is that there is a lot of room to grow, mechanically speaking, and it's a small dev team. Some things still feel weird, like having a shop where no one works there, or not being able to hire someone to work in your fields. I'd assume that minting coin will come along at some point, but for now, ""coin"" just magically appears out of thin air. Also, as far as building structures go, is a castle going to be feasible for the AI to build, and is it going to look out of place to have ten villagers and a giant, empty castle? Also, there is a lack (so far) of any kind of medieval class structure and interaction - while Kingdoms feels a bit more Renaissance to me, the common and noble divide was still strong, and feels like it should be an integral part of the game system. The island is massive, which feels like it would somewhat limit interactions, especially with a small population. Also, acquiring deeds to build in an established settlement, as well as being able to tear down a house, seem like a must. I am concerned about modding, as it's not easy to implement, and Unity 3D is a little lacking in that department. Carts and wheelbarrows would also be a nice edition. While some of this is on the roadmap, with any EA title, there is still a question of whether it will ever be implemented, or what form it'll take in the final version.The upside is that I think the game has a lot of potential, and that it is solid and interesting enough to fiddle around with, even in the EA stages. Most of all, I had a lot of FUN going foraging for new seeds to plant in the garden, keeping my crops planted, and carrying a load of lettuce down to the store. You read that right. FUN, and I tend to be a pretty jaded gamer. For the price, it's a steal, too, and will hopefully continue to drive the development of the game."
76561198209669667,Recommended,409590,32513788,Posted: 17 June,all,ax3lium,"If you love oldschool games, where you can create your own city, create your army and slaughter everything and everyone, or just be a soft person, mining, forgiving and selling items in the store, come to this game.This is the first game that I bought in steam and even beeing  alpha / beta mode, this game looks promising and you will not regreat  you spent.And the best thing in this game is the devs, if you like this game and want to contribute ideas, they listen to ALL and if the idea is good they apply, they show how to be a true development team."
76561198087403725,Recommended,409590,34598211,Posted: 29 August,all,Hammer,"Kingdoms has a solid foundation and vast potential. The few bugs are tolerable. I am glad I bought it in Early Access and am looking forward to further development. If you enjoy a medieval type RPG, and a well-crafted open world, I encourage you to support this game."
76561198150325866,Recommended,409590,34606379,Posted: 30 August,all,Thelimitedgamer,"I have played this game For several hours since i Purchased it. By chance did i find it, I consider this game to be a diamond in the rough. Solid Game Idea, Shows Creativity. Gives players Wide latitude in Creating their own World in their own View, Giving the player Superior freedom. Graphically i cannot Fully Rate it, As I played on fastest due to My cpu Being unable to Play the game on higher settings. Weather this is Sololy Due to my CPU or Poor Optization is unclear. What is clear however is How Well founded this game is. Its like a mix Between -Stronghold---*for Player City/Settlement creation""-Mount and Blade---*for Army/Party/Warband creation*.  Even in its early stages I hope to see Much more of this game in the future. It has So much potiential i just hope the Dev's DO this Game Justice. But this game is not woithout flaws. WHich i shall Highlight in the Second Portion of this Review.This Game Lacks  Compatibility with Most CPU's. Its hard to run on any settings Greater than that of Bare bones. In an effort to Create a Massive World inwhich to Explore the Dev team has failed to TerraFORM  Nearly all land for it to be useable. Placing Buildings for A players settlement is Extremely hard. As Either Buildings are too close or The area is too sloped. Making it Impossible to Truely Design Your Settlement. Content- I understand the game is in Early stages. However having only Iron/steal Choice weapons-Swords and axes only- Makes building Warrior Nearly impossible as Making a weapon or armor takes you nearly the entire Smithing skill tree to Unlock. We need more varity. As well as SHIELDS!!!! GIVE ME SHIELDS!!!! Literally not one Shield in the Blasted GAME.....A.I Annimations are extremely Buggy/Jetery. Npc animals Often are impossible to kill. Either due to them bugging out of the game or Them making only Right angle Turns. Hunting Needs Some Upgrading. Not alot of Human npc combat. When i played I ran into Maybe 4 Bandits is like 10-20 hours of playing, Countless Empty Caves aside from Iron ore. Which is scarce. Also has to many Settlements to Npc Ratio. Would be nice to Limit Settlements like Npcs. The Land mass is way to big. So much Land with 90% of it covered in unuseable lands mired in Hills to steep to build on. Need more Weapons/armor varity.  If I have a Game Source tool to Build Mods i would.All in all Worth 10 bucks all day long. I still play it 8-14 hours per day. can't wait for the final version."
76561198062075172,Recommended,409590,34622977,Posted: 30 August,all,Spechial Felly,"To me the game has SOO MUCH potential, once updates occur and become more helpful, the bugs on the other hand are a PAIN so I hope the developers are getting all the info they need from each player who experiences a bug that needs fixing, cause I ENJOY the hell out of this game and I want others to enjoy it as well! The game feels alot like Mount and Blade warband, but has MORE things you can do, such as building your own place instead of capturing a castle this is what I enjoy in gaming!"
,Recommended,409590,33218850,Posted: 4 July,all,Texas389,"Bought the game today and played it for 8 hours straight with no problems. I waited quite a while to buy this game. It sat on my wishlist for months while I kept tabs on it. All of the issues I had been seeing on YouTube gameplay videos, seem to no longer exist. Although its still in Early Access, so there are probably a few things I haven't seen yet. All in all, its very playable now and you can tell the devs have been working hard to get it to where it needs to be.I give it a 10/10 For an Early Access game, the Devs here deliver!"
,Recommended,409590,33674690,Posted: 20 July,all,benedikth,It really isn't a bad game. While it is still lacking a lot of content it has the capability to imporve by a lot. There aren't any game breaking bugs i've encountered so far so that's great compared to some other eraly access games. I wish they updated the game more often. (there were 2 200 mgb updates in may but that after at least 3 months of nothing). Over all i'd say it is an goodish game around 7-8 out of 10. No matter what it is worth the 10 bucks.
76561198118846691,Recommended,409590,35343669,Posted: 30 September,all,AGN - Chevy,"I like the idea of this game a lot, it still needs some more development but is still fun and playable as it sits now.  I'm definately going to keep following this game."
76561198028265740,Recommended,409590,23459961,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Aphire,"~review update:Not much has changed since my last review. Which is disapointing but I wouldn't call this game hopeless yet. There have been some improvements.Graphically the game has progressed leaps and bounds.The AI is still very, very bad. My recent playthrough i wanted to test the squad and battle functions that were added. It was horrible. I attacked a village and all 30+ of them ran at me, bunched up into a single spot and then stopped just outside of striking distance from me. I sat there and picked them off with a bow, made camp, made more arrows, slept, farmed, ate, etc.. all while this mob of people was thrashing their swords 10ft from me. I even recruited a bear to fight for me for the fun of it... the bear ran up to the mob and began eating them. After 1 villager died the bear just sat there roaring at the rest and not doing any damage.So why not give up on this game?It is stable for one, not too many bugs. The AI is the biggest problem and the Devs are still working on that. I have a feeling they are struggling with it because they want it to be so complex. I hope they don't give up but I also hope they realize they need to release something to keep the impatient masses satisfied. Greenlit games that go dark for months loose the gamers faith and the community turns on them quickly.My advice to people looking at this game right now? Keep it on your wishlist, follow it, and wait to see if the next update brings new light and then support the game.~1st reviewKingdoms is still a shell of a game full of nothing but potential.VisualI run this game on a newer AMD R9 390 and 16GB ram. On the highest setting and with all optional visual effects enabled it rarely drops freme rate below 30. No crashes or graphical glitches. There are occational floating bushes and animals, and missing trees but nothing a quick game reset doesn't fix for at least 1-2 hours.  The character models are still potatoy and unappealing but I imagine they are not the final concept. The world looks great and the buildings and landscape textures and models are very nice to look at. The day/night sky is nothing special and there is no noticeable weather yet.Overall for an early stage development it is doing well in the looks department.AudioSubpar at this point with repetitive music and soundfx. Really not something I consider when looking at Early Access Games.Game playThe build mechanics are nothing special but at least functional and clean. A simple foundation is placed and you add material until everything is there and pop goes the building.Crafting and gathering leave much to desire with repeating animations or no animation at all.AI is something that Kingdoms is priding itself on and thus far it is doing well. NPCs work at a frustratingly slow pace, often seem to have no focus, face the wrong direction when doing something and get stuck on building corners. Despite this there is an underlying complexity to the AI that just seems in need of further development.Combat is obviously on the back burner atm. It is much akin to minecraft with simple swings and simple DPS race fights with wolves. Ranged combat isn't any better.PotentialAs with most Early Access Games it is potential that I rate on the most. And as with all Early Access Games it is more about the developers drive to see their goals met then IF such mechanics can be implimented. Kingdoms has huge potential and if all the road map markers are hit the game should do really well. Right now it is worth a $5-10 investment. You'll get 4-6 hours of good gameplay as it stands and you can shelf the game between updates and get more game time exploring each new progression.Devs, Keep up the good work!"
76561198027097640,Recommended,409590,29557336,Posted: 28 January,all,tictac,so i decided to play this game again after i gave it time to do updates and i'm pleased to say that it came a long way. it being early access there are bugs and some performance issues but now the game is playable and the npc are functioning.  if your looking for an open world survival game where you can control your own village or just be citizen to an npc's  base then i highly recommend this game. i look forward to the continued development of this game.-my original review for this game i did not recommend but after seeing the work that continues to be put into it. the game is now playable and is on its way to be a great game. it has more potential for success among many other titles on early access that seem to be a cash grab. I plan on spending many hrs playing it ^^.PRO'S-choose your role          -npc's will travel to trade at your base-control your base         - active developers-raid other npc base's   - very fast apon loading into the game.-craft                             - large map-explore                        - 1000+ npc's mean alot of other random base's to explore or fight-tradeCON'S- needs to restart after awhile for performance issues-some visual bugs like the arrows staying in your hand even after restart.-guards do not go in towers (could just be something im doing wrong though)
,Recommended,409590,33670900,Posted: 20 July,all,Fenton,Unfinished but enjoyable.So far so good.
76561198372449924,Recommended,409590,34721014,Posted: 3 September,all,Sovereign1MC,"Hello everyone! I am writing this review to help those of you on the fence either pull the trigger and buy it or not, so here we go!So, let's start with some of the good stuff:Kingdoms has a lot going for it. Yes, it's in Alpha and very incomplete, but what is there is very fun. Surprisingly addicting, actually. Simply put, you start by exiting off a ship bringing you and a group of settlers to an island that is inhabited by no one. Little by little, settlers will go off on their own and found their own villages and towns, and you can too if you chose the neccessary perks at the beginning of the game to be able to do so.You can build houses of various designs and sizes (again, all of your options rely on having or not having the relevant perks to unlock them. This goes for everything buildable and even DOABLE in the game), build smithy's, taverns, shops, common houses, stoneworker's houses, woodworker's houses, farms, gardens to grow crops and even a windmill to mill wheat down into flower, a bakery, which you can use to bake the flower into bread, and more. You can do what you want. Interestingly, the AI isn't half bad, with NPC's doing work and building their own houses or they can hire you via a job board to finish it for them. There is a little economy in each town and you can totally be part of it.I built and run a shop in my town, and I go exploring and find different foods, healing plants, cut some wood, mine some stone and iron, grow fresh produce, etc. and then put it all in the ""storage"" in my shop which puts it out for sale. NPC's will actually come to shop at various times and make purchases. When something is bought, yes, it actually disappears from the store inventory and you will have gold waiting for you in its place. You don't have to stand and wait in your shop for people to buy things, either. The honor system works: They take it, they pay for it. You can also visit other people's shops and spend some gold to put that money back into your village's economy.Put some villagers on guard duty, or add them to your ranks of soldiers in your army (soon, an update will allow politics and wars between different villages!). There are animals to hunt, wild horses that you can tame by placing a saddle on them, mining, woodcutting, archery, swordsmanship, and various other skills to increase as you level up and get points. As hard to explain as it is, the grind is strangely addicting and satisfying. Plus, when new boats bring more settlers and they come to live in your town, more houses start sprouting up and you get to watch your city grow! You can even become a bandit through gaining certain skills, or ""perks"", and can build bandit related buildings.Now, some bad:Of course, there isn't a whole lot to do other than what I said above. You can find ""ruins"" thoughout the world that are little more than a couple structural bricks next to a cave entrance. The caves are very linear and short with no enemies that I've seen in them yet. There is iron in here and nothing else, unless by random chance you get a cave with a chest at the end. The game is unfinished, so it isn't optimized very well and will have frame slowing as your town grows, even with a decent machine running the game. Graphics aren't great, but that's to be expected. There is no depth to mining; you can't mine underground or for that matter, anything other than designated clusters of stone on the surface and designated iron ore clusters in the ruin caves.Unfortunately, the building system is very thin. You can't custom build anything the way you want, it's all ""prefabs."" You can also tame horses but there is no option for building stables or a barn and there are no livestock. Another issue is that the ""tutorial,"" which you'll only find by clicking aimlessly through tabs and finding the entry to read, is not a tutorial at all. It explains practically no real mechanics of the game, many of which I am still confused about after quite a few hours under my belt. The interfaces for the most part are poorly set up, confusing and difficult to read, with no explanations about their functions. On your job board, which you can use to manage and tax your town, there are small icons next to the name of each settler. If you click them, they change from red to green, but there is NO explanation about what it does, so I have no clue and that's frustrating because it seems important. Lastly, which is probably not a big deal to many but is to me is the grammar of in game messages. Any text in the game has tons of grammatical errors, such as leaving out several entire words and sometimes leaves out so many words and is written so poorly, I literally can't understand what the game is actually trying to tell me. It drives me crazy and makes the game feel that much more...cheap or amateur.Either way though, this game has a lot going for it and I can't wait to see how it develops. What it DOES have is fun and somehow manages to keep me playing even though I don't really like ""grindy"" games, which, given the lack of things to do outside of building, farming and mining resources, this game very much is right now. They aren't asking much for it, so I would pick it up and give them some support to get it to an even better state sooner!~Sov"
76561198082934481,Recommended,409590,35252693,Posted: 27 September,all,My Dudeximus,This game has 10/10 potentialBuy it to support the creator and keep updates coming
76561198028847771,Recommended,409590,35280288,Posted: 28 September,all,999LAZARUS999,GG
76561198050493635,Recommended,409590,35344838,Posted: 30 September,all,Alex Jones,"For such a small developement team, with such a small budget this game is such a diamond in the rough. I may not have many hours, but I already love this game. It's a very unique project and if you could imagine what they could do with a triple A, or maybe a double A team and funding oh my. For all you thinking about getting this game do it. You are supporting the team and cleaning up that diamond just a little more."
,Recommended,409590,24997987,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,IcEsOcKeT,"Huuuuuge potential. If dev finish this game as they expect it to be, it will be a must have and a reference.If you hesitate to buy it keep one thing in mind: it is EA so don't be surprised by bugs and lack of content for the moment."
76561198156593592,Recommended,409590,33580726,Posted: 16 July,all,onion,good
76561198036556414,Recommended,409590,34117290,Posted: 8 August,all,Nick,"Great game. Although there may be some bugs, it's currently in alpha stage. With the features it has already, it's pretty promising.Don't forget, it's one developer working on it."
76561198097621752,Recommended,409590,33354162,Posted: 7 July,all,Zoobas,"Very promising, if you are looking for some great Early access games to follow you should definetly look at this one, it reminds me a little bit The Guild series but from the FPS perspective, anyway its going to be a great game.Please note that what its VERY EARLY ACCESS game <3"
76561198035485644,Recommended,409590,33744110,Posted: 23 July,all,Kyle,"amazing game, needs alot more content into the game to make the towns feel more alive and realistic when building but it is good and cannot wait for them to update with more and more things for me to play with and try out, this is going to be the ultimate kingdom sandbox game when finished, its that game where you have always thought that it should be a game and that you would make it if no one else would but here it is someone is making it!buy and support this game its really good and has so much potential!"
76561198338393122,Recommended,409590,33539892,Posted: 14 July,all,david,"10 hours in..""I""..oh ""We"" need more :) greet job. Keep it up.."
76561198145988619,Recommended,409590,34166662,Posted: 11 August,all,Kei,Play it for days.
76561198136492089,Not Recommended,409590,26577165,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,dawg_soldier,"I'm saying I wouldn't recommend this game, but only while it's still in such early development. It's very choppy, needs quite a lot of polishing out.This could be an enjoyable little game if and when it's finally finished"
,Recommended,409590,33421271,Posted: 9 July,all,Slahey,Dont let your dreams be memes. Great EA title. Have never been this excited about an early access in my life.I will edit this sometime for a proper review. Placeholder for now just really wanted to give it thumbs up.
76561198005883312,Recommended,409590,20484572,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DeepInTwilight,"This game shows incredible promise and the roadmap for the next year (one big update a month) has me very pleased indeed. The negative reviews for this game will already be out of date by the end of this week as new content is added.It's Early Access, so the NPC AI is not fully implemented, it is still buggy and lacking in content (but cheap right now). It is, however, playable and content is being added at an impressive pace. Give it another three months and you can happily upgrade that 'playable' to 'very playable' and by five it will be downright compelling as they bring in greater city building and communities' social interactions.So far I've had fun exploring and building up my little settlement to a bustling village, and I am eagerly awaiting new buildings and crafting occupations released this month. That said, at this very moment there is little to do aside from chopping wood to create buildings, do a few buggy quests, hunt wild bears, rabbits and stags and a spot of planting seeds to grow vegetables in a farm garden."
76561198073351453,Recommended,409590,27927253,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MetalFurry,"This game need a loot of improvment , but when will be finished.......kingdoms will rise and the world will be ravaged by wars ...Great potential , please dont stop here ."
76561198069167876,Recommended,409590,31182605,Posted: 16 April,all,Sir_Dale,Very cool game has vast amounts of potential and although updates are rare they usually contain alot of content just buy it and try it for 10$ this game is a steal
76561198136606922,Recommended,409590,22788017,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,rustysparks,"In my opinion, this game is like a diamond in the ruff.  It has a exellent concept, though it still has a ways to go before it's completed."
76561198009772763,Recommended,409590,31108233,Posted: 12 April,all,lalemanalex,"Love this game so much, dont listen to the hatters there just mad there hasnt been an update in four months but they just siad they will be updating the game agian now that there other game is do to be done, i recommend this game and have high hopes for it, not alot to do has of now but more stuff is added every update, if you dont want to buy it then just fallow it and wiat for more updates but it is worth the 10 dollars dont not buy it just bcouse of the bad revieaws most of the bad reviews are from people that have only played it for 3 or less hours, it is a good game with a bright future, i rarely post game reviews but i like this game so much i feel i needed to post one and it helps show sopport for the game and the devs"
76561198042074872,Recommended,409590,26236740,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pirase,Has great potential. Looking forward to how it develops.
76561198067375570,Recommended,409590,22212077,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jakemont3,"definitly a game that is a good one as far as city building and open world. but, it does lack more than just your basics. cant wait to see what further updates reveal!"
76561198028556998,Recommended,409590,20385053,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,enemenemu,"A lot of potential, i hope there will be more updates! I just love the idea, how you can skill yourself and can everything do. At this version, the AI is not good (only do nothing), but i hope it will be better!"
,Recommended,409590,20434648,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Loki,It's gonna be HUGE.I hope...
76561198117646557,Recommended,409590,20377899,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Setyven,I love this game.I hope so that the game continue on this way.Thanks for the work
,Recommended,409590,20760267,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Bullhone,This is going to be a kicking game  already fun to play and devs. Are chating and listing to what we have to say.very active Dev A++
76561198029325149,Recommended,409590,28928506,Posted: 1 January,all,Sattoon,"So I think this game has some good potential. The idea of a medieval crafting/survival game with npc's seem pretty solid. Gfx's are pretty decent and right now, the game is pretty playable. The down side is there isn't much to do. You can build some buildings and items, as well as level up and learn to skills. But the npc's are mostly useless slackers that just lay around, even after you build them whatever they wanted. Also some of the quest are unfinishable due to npc's not working correctly. All in All I'd recomend it if you're willing to wait on it to be finished, and trust the devs will actually keep on it."
76561198187128290,Recommended,409590,28951610,Posted: 2 January,all,MercyRiala,Fun to play and can't wait for it to get more stuff. Unfortunately it's super laggy on my laptop so I have to go buy a desktop that can handle higher than fastest graphics level gameplay.
76561198078773980,Recommended,409590,28899412,Posted: 1 January,all,Kummah,"Alright, I did my part. I purchased your game to support you because I really like your ideas. Now do your part and give us updates.Current state of the game is simply put: ""An idea"". It doesn't have much in it at the moment. Only purchase it if you want to support the devs, do not expect a lot from it right now. I will keep updateing my comment as this game gets updated :)"
,Not Recommended,409590,29216893,Posted: 12 January,all,Ulysses,"I played this for about 27 minutes and the animation isn't good, so is the controls, and basically the gameplay is terrible, don't buy this game, it's not worth your $6, but it's your choice."
76561198289391241,Not Recommended,409590,29166523,Posted: 10 January,all,0nddyS,this is big♥♥♥♥♥
76561197978251016,Recommended,409590,28921596,Posted: 1 January,all,Jack Cole,"For 5 bucks, even if its at alpha, it is worth the purchase. I like playing it as it can challenge."
76561198080268954,Not Recommended,409590,28987985,Posted: 3 January,all,Smoky,"I believe at the moment this game is not ready for even early access. The game itself and it's premise is amazing, the graphics are great etc etc, but it's not ready yet. I will continue waiting and maybe someday this will turn into a reccomended game by me."
76561198038953622,Recommended,409590,18974433,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Zolusion,when i start the game it gives an error pls help me!
,Recommended,409590,18721652,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,rickstanford,"The game has a long, long way to go.  However I could definitely see this game being pretty grand in the future... at least it better be, I already spent $10 on this f'er"
76561198158665734,Recommended,409590,22045157,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,thunderbear44,It's just started so yes it will be a good game just like other games.For me it needs more things to do more buildings to build or set up as blocks so you can design your own building.More friut and vegtables to collect and grow and foods to cook.Aswell as aromor and clothing should have an armor and talioring perks and cooking perks.Also fishing perks or skill so you can fish in the lakes and rivers.And the animals walk in the sky and if you walk into a tree you get stuck and you walk on water bugs that need fix.There is a lot of protential for this game.
,Recommended,409590,20748975,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,.ZinkZi,"Tried it out. The game shows potential and i think its gonna be great once its better developed. So far i could only gather food, chop wood, talk to a few npcs and get killed by a bear. I could also kill the bear when i revived and he came after me. The bear killed me while i was reading the intro in tab. So i found a start of a settlement, the guy was asleep so i let him be. I helped him apply wood to his house and it suddenly got finnished. i enterd his home but he was stuck under his house from sleepig earlier. So i tried to build my house next to his but the hill was too steep. so i decided to try run around checking if i could build anything but the hill was too steep. So i generated a new world with worker-taskmanager and scholar perks to start a well. no matter where i went the hill was too steep so i couldnt build anything. I had some tab issues, it wouldnt always close and if i pressed ESC while in tab meny the ESC menu would pop up behind the tab screen and i was left helpless. On the water its like walking on normal grass,  but i dont mind that this early in the game."
76561198026151216,Not Recommended,409590,24698858,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mezz,good idea for a game but these developers dont patch their game enough oct 2015 this game came out and its still filled with bugs. Theres nothing to do besides watching ai Build houses witch takes ages and sometimes they glitch and not do anything at all. The concept is great the idea is great but the developers are♥♥♥♥♥♥theres a reason this  game aint even on top sellers.
76561198029096370,Recommended,409590,18700788,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Vibat,This game is sweet but pls sovle the optimization problem before adding anything to the game.Thank you.Best!
,Recommended,409590,26679851,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DirtyKody,Theres too many negative reviews for this game. As many others have said this is an early access game people need to understand this. It is currently more or less unplayable but one day in the future could imo be one of the greatest games ever made. Do not buy this game unless you are supporting the devs.
,Recommended,409590,32969664,Posted: 28 June,all,Apollo|Superiorservers.co,Very fun game! cant wait untill the new updates come out!!!
76561198017452738,Not Recommended,409590,23508376,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,rurapenthe,I thought I would purchase this game with it being in the steam sale. I am prepared to put up with a game that is in beta (should be alpha) and accept crashes and bugs etc.I have only played a hour and a half and within that time I have found this game to be very unplayable with lots of flaws.unresponsive controls leading me to continually getting wounded which then leads to death.communication between npc's very confusing. A Manual would of been a great help.I think this game still needs a lot of work and I feel sorry to say I cannot recommend this game to anyone.I will return to this game later to see if there has been any improvement but until then i can only give a negative review.
76561198007333889,Not Recommended,409590,23454687,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,louisvoyer,"So much potential, but there is so much bugs.....stop working each 15 minutes.... no tutorial, buy final version only"
,Recommended,409590,23535489,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Dev Kev,Great game i cant wait for them to fix the bugs
76561198116016235,Recommended,409590,28528427,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ciel,If u people chill out and give it time one day the game will be real fun.<<It dont help if u guys keep complaing>><<Hes going as fast as he can.>><<And the game is awsome i see the game is gonna be real epic in the future>>
,Recommended,409590,33913043,Posted: 30 July,all,MrMarty,Game looks awesome but is there a possibility to make it a coop game? :D
76561198119573658,Recommended,409590,32771251,Posted: 25 June,all,xdross,"Started a settlement from scratch with firendly NPCs, went to go burn down another NPC settlement nearby with an army. We all died to a bear 10/10 would forget to bring the bow again."
76561198001401689,Recommended,409590,18812379,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[AGS] Vindiction,"currently the game is pretty much a tech demo, but the game and concepts screams potential and is worth supporting if you want this to become amazing and support the awsome devs"
76561198010386277,Recommended,409590,19815381,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,White Squall,"This games idea is exactly what i have been waiting for in a medieval survival.the IDEA is. the execution is still far from the idea. The game is centered on the idea that you start out with a sword, an axe and a torch.These may change in later updates but thats how it is now. at 12/20/15So far you start the game with 20 exp to spend on a max of 4 perks but could be 3 depending on what you choose.These perks decide what you can do.Choppers cut trees down, Digger and Gardener are essential for Farming, Worker and taskmaster are needed for building and Making Settlements, and so on.combat is clunky and against a bear, impossible. and you cant kill the people much to my disappointment. hopefully this will change someday.Villages dont really have a layout. NPCs just build a hodge podge of buildings together and call it a settlement. no walls yet, or crafting trees. which since its a crafting game seem important.There is alot to say about the game, a better detailed review, but here is my honest opinion.The game is in Alpha, not beta. Only the strip bare naked dong flapping nudity of basics are available. you can build houses (unenterable) or Farms (enterable) and grow food and ""create"" a settlement. which is basically NPCs hanging about a cluster of houses.If you want to support the devs, do it. its $10. but do it like an investment. dont expect a Game to play, the way i did it, i spent the 10 now. in hopes that when the game in done, i wont have to spend 40 later."
,Recommended,409590,19846500,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zetanoid,"I bought the game and after an Hour of Playtime I refunded it, because this game is really risky to put 10 Bucks into.The Dev's created a really good prototype for playing everything looks pretty the (God Rays are a little too bright).The AI is for this early quite Smart but sometimes there are pretty stupid ones too :DAll in all the Dev's could go for an EPIC open world game or they  F-up really bad and this game would suck Balls.I would compare this game too Mount and Blade: Warband just without fighting with armies.I wait for more stuff too come then I'll purchase it again."
76561198005802630,Recommended,409590,19724087,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Horrible,"Going to have to be honest here, when this game was released I grabbed it.  It did not have very much content and was far from any form of a game.  Its only been released a short time and the Devs are active everyday replying and commenting on anything directed toward them.  Over this short period they have released updates constantly and keep the community informed on future updates and development.   Though this game is far from ready it is one of the very few Early Access games that I truly enjoy watching develop.   Great Dev team working on it, and great roadmap.  Would of glady spent more than they are asking for it just to watch grow."
76561198134196244,Recommended,409590,19725255,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Preacher,"A  very well game in process, with A LOTTT of potential!!"
,Recommended,409590,19608729,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,1ce,"I really like the idea of the game, but its obviously far from finished and I'm gonna enjoy watching this game grow. :)7/10"
76561197995544817,Recommended,409590,19829452,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[FR]Cpl Leckie (The Pacific),"Hey, sorry for my english, I'm French.This is a game with Huge potential, I wait the final version with impatianceThanks to dev for this game and good luck ;)"
76561198122178622,Recommended,409590,19850844,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ETEl2NAL407,"Spawned in, first village hated me and asked me to build them houses, so I didn't, but told them all I did and they gave me money. Ha...idiots. (isn't this game all about AI?)Next town the people already had frameworks built for their homes and they were nice, so I built my own farmhouse, windmill, garden plots, and nice big house - took me about 5 game days.I notice that all the framework is still there, not one piece of wood added. Wtf? So, I go to each of the settlers and ask them what they're doing; wouldn't you know it, not a single one of those lounge acts had a job.10/10 would rob the morons and move in with the lazy again."
,Recommended,409590,19991457,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nuts,"I can walk on water, hunt bears and learn how to be wise from some random guy. 10/10"
76561198115243223,Recommended,409590,34461082,Posted: 24 August,all,Hákon Hagensson,"Heeeey,thats pretty good!"
76561198110968613,Recommended,409590,34470208,Posted: 24 August,all,johnny21121,"love this game! cant wait for further updates. well, well worth the money"
,Recommended,409590,19858231,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sydron Knight,"Thinking out side the Box, the OREOL developers have an idea with this game that I've been looking for. with further support from people that purchase this game will go along way. $10 is a small price for this game."
76561198036532448,Recommended,409590,20137332,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,little_mhia,"This is my first game that is still under develoment and my first that isn't a board game like monopoly, so new all round for me.  I don't like combat games and this doesn't have much at all (yet... hope it stays that way).  You have to kill bears that you get too close to but thats not difficult to do.The first few times things went wrong I was very dissappinted, I was really enjoying myself in game and had made quite a bit of progress (as much as you can right now) so having to start over had me a bit frustrated.  But, thats what an alpha game is all about and once I got used to the concept of playing a game that isnt finished by far, I no longer mind that it doesn't work properly.  I actually DO like that you can help with bug reporting, share and read about all the things going right and wrong (reading some of them is very entertaining!) and generally being a part of something that for sure is going to be incredible one day!I was drawn to this game as it is not all blood, guts and violence like so many of the games out there.  I am hoping that there will be more strategy, politics, achievements, survival and community based goals.The developers have already put an update out there and seem to be active and quick to respond to questions/queries.Excellent job so far in my opinion, thank you!Now, if I can just get unstuck from the middle of a table in my house...."
76561198137427188,Recommended,409590,19907536,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lidytheman,"Game might not have alot of content or have even 2 hours of gameplay before you finish everything that's possible. But the sheer fact that this game is even playable and has constant updates in the time it's been released is amazing.There's alot of games that have been around for 4-6 months (cough ABD  ) and those games aren't even PLAYABLE, never mind the fact they are content-lite, they are content-ERROR lmfao.So judging on that type of EA/INDIE this game is a godsend"
76561197998494738,Not Recommended,409590,23430581,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,theneille,"There is a great problem with this game. It could damage your system software, when it crashes. I had to restart Windows 10 to get it to operate properly, after I forced a shut down when the program froze. Please dont look at this game at the present moment. It has a long way to go before it can be called a functioning game. The battle action is bad, bad to not happening. The map looses itself when you go into a dungeon. There is no map in a cave or dungeon. NPC are super unresponsive and totally negative. Chopping a tree does not happen. There is a graphic but no result from the action. I will try again when there is a new update. This game is truly a good comment on game production today. Please developers!!! Go back to the basics and get them working. You are making the Unity engine look bad."
,Not Recommended,409590,33332372,Posted: 6 July,all,Clone,"In its current state I can't recommend it.  However, the concept is great and I am going to continue to follow it's development.Pros- You can build a village or join an established one- You can be a farmer, blacksmith, carpenter, archer, swordsman- You can kinda roleplay- Huge map- Explore ruins, although there doesnt appear to be any real danger.Cons- Combat is really bad- AI in combat is really bad.  Most times I can go behind an NPC and kill it while they swing away in the wrong direction- If you accidentally hit a villager you may as well just move to a different village.  I was trying to help a villager kill a bear, accidentally hit villager, villager attacks.  I try to run home without killing them but they persist and I kill them, all other villages attack and the cycle continues.-  You can run home while being attacked and kill villagers through your floor because they somehow end up 1/4 the way through your floor boards."
,Recommended,409590,19758559,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,And - unac.dk,"Shows great promise.I like the concept of a game that renders everything and actually renders a game of its own. Unfortunately it's still quite much alpha (no crashes though). But as soon as the developer(s) optimises this game, I'm sure it will sell very well!"
76561198028486854,Not Recommended,409590,26516832,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MSL,"I have diligently tried to 	steep myself into this game for several hours, And the judgement will be:Absolutely raw and nonplayble game at all. The level is preprepreprepre (etc) alpha.Content = 1 of 10You will have a landscape with trees, and few tools. Thank you, devs.You can cut some trees and get some wood. Where to store it? Are you looking for the chest of some sort?The devs said on the forum - this FEATURE maybe will be added later. In DLC I suppose. Awesome. It is merely a CHEST! Just imagine that.Management of settlement at ZERO level - you can only adjust its taxes (btw - cant see it working) and change coats of arms (btw - what for? where we can see it except of that screen?).Chatting with NPC can make you shizoid. Try to ask anybody of the village's leader if the leader is you. And after that another NPC will ask you to hoist sails away from your own settlement. Anyway you cants get anything useful from NPC, even to ask him to chop some f&*%ing trees, forget it.In sum the game MUST have a tonns of normal features that MUST be there by default. But these tonns are completely missed by the non-achievers devs.AI = 0,000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 of 10For example, my villagers were stayed at settlement for decades and doing nothing at all. And the game cant provide you any ways to fix it.Attacking an NPC at his town will not cause any agression of his neighbours, you can wipe all towns easely. But what for? It is a completely useless idea because all you cant get anything of it - just another bunch of idiotic dummies hanging around and literally digging in the dirt.Bugs 999999999999999 of 10Flying NPC, crazy animals hanging around the trees, stucking tools and weapons in hands, etc etc.Not recommended. Very disappointing!"
76561198016498180,Recommended,409590,34607408,Posted: 30 August,all,Slimy,"What can i say, it's a very solid early access game. The game is pretty small as of right now and i did pretty much what i can do with a few insane grind-related functions in about 7-8 hours but i can imagine you can do a lot more than i did. Since this is an early access i cant say much more, nothing gamebreakingly bad and the game has a lot of potential as they have multiplayer and coop planned.As an early acess game ill give it a 8/10 as the features included right now worked just fine and noticed very few bugs myself. It's far from flawless but gets damn close for an early access game when it comes to the feature it HAS.For the ones who say the game bad for things it does NOT HAVE or that i can be better if (insert♥♥♥♥♥♥here), you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It's not a finished product and the features that it has work fine, it's nice to see a developer actually pump out working content instead of throwing all planned features out when they don't work.Some cons are that the bow is pretty useless and farming is the only function i really couldnt get to work at all(Might just be me that didnt understand what to do), roads are great random feature but they work a bit ""meh"" when it comes to what path it takes would be nice to edit roads but i'm sure roads are not a finished project so I'll leave it at the ""meh"".Things it could improve- AI (Note this is not a con, it's just some things I'd like to mention as they sort of bothered me and they might bother you aswell. The feature works fine but... well...)-Animals act ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, not one act realisticly at all and I'll leave it at that.-Villagers don't assist each other unless they are 3-5m away at most. If you attack a village in daylight in the middle of the town the people around just watch you slaughter their friends and wont act untill you come near. If a bear attacks a villager it will most likely be a 1v1 combat but since it seems bears can't damage villagers the outcome is not surprising.I'm 100% sure this will be improved but it's the only thing that's ""Bad"" with the features that are out right now but for an early access it's still pretty good for an open world game like this.If you're into medieval open world games where the endgoal is to be able to do anything then either buy and wait to support the development if you have the bling or wishlist/follow this game."
,Recommended,409590,34621358,Posted: 30 August,all,Tr0JaNNNNNN csgoroll.com,she is good idea but the game need some work to be best game in this style
76561198118066137,Recommended,409590,33504159,Posted: 13 July,all,Kill Sorry,"Potential, active dev."
,Not Recommended,409590,34097645,Posted: 8 August,all,Shhawke,"How would I describe kingdoms? You will land on an island with your fellow shipmates and according to the perks you choose in the character making, you can build your own village or wait for somebody to build a village and join them. You can build shops, taverns, houses and.... You can explore, hunt, do quests and basically do whatever you want. There is no goal or story line to follow. You make your own story and the world evolves with or without you. It’s kinda has a mount and blade - Kenshi style and you can do some trading like the guild 2. This is promising, yet as I played Kingdoms, all I saw was a very early stage game. I like the idea behind it and think it is going to be a solid game in the future.So why negative? Its more meh for me but that doesn’t mean it isn’t going to work for you. As I started to play the first thing that hit me was no third person view option (it’s going to be add in the future), another thing was combat for instance you cannot parry (I suppose that’s going to be fixed in later dates) and .... All in all for me it was too broken and no fun and I had to ask for refund but if you’re willing to forgive the current state, support a developing game and developers, I say give this game a try."
,Recommended,409590,19756612,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mr Drunx,"Early Access -  DecemberAnd I mean super early access, I've only played this game for 4 hours straight and I can see myself playing it for another 40 hours straight.It's a beautiful game and it's actually a game I've wanted ever since I first played The Sims and Elder Scrolls. Wanting a cross over of the two, but with heaps of immersion, being able to pick any role you want and not be swarmed by a highlevel payer because you can only play multiplayer. (which is hopefully an OPTION to play in the future)Hoping they keep multiplayer as a last development so we don't have to wait a month or two for them to fix up the game breaking bugs.Unfortunately, there are many bugs and glitches which are causing impatient players to down vote it. I am looking forward to the future of this game. The Roadmap they have is very reachable it only takes a little development time, meanwhile you can check out how the game looks and be there when the developments arrive.Honestly, there's probably an hour of gameplay at the moment, but if you enjoy watching AI develop their own towns or even become a leader of your own town with your own AI people then you'll enjoy that gameplay. You might even play for 100 hours just to watch the optiona 5000 AI on the map create 5000+ houses.I recommend this game if you have that spare $10, you're patient and you really enjoy immersion. Also, being a King or a Mayor or a Trader or a Builder or a Bandit or a Soldier or a General or being in politics, alot that has been planned for the future."
,Not Recommended,409590,21503134,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,pandorra,"I bought this and would really love to play it, but currently it is just not playable, I cannot use the skills, i.e. cutting trees is literally impossible, the wsad keys don't work for me and i cannot switch them to the arrow format. I am torn between refunding it and waiting for a new update.FYI, the creators of this game are NOT American and therefore the in use english is bad... really bad.. lol .. it is still understandable it just takes some patience in places.Not recommended at this stage of development."
76561198288950249,Recommended,409590,24505845,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,billy363900,its a good game I only bought it cause the developer will need money to make it better if you sell peppers on a farm and save often it wont be bad for the players experience wise also if you use unity as much as me you know g makes god mode turn on so u cant die and b and v speed and slow down time for new people to unity  also due to the graphics always minimize quality so that u can actually play with no lagging and another thing run it on fastest quality as the preset option yes it will still lag but it will be minimal  around once a minute so that isn't the main issue reason to save often so that the 3 lags of the build system wont happen to where u cant build check build systems before and after building the three lags happen near plants that are wild and in picking range when you have a object when you try to build or if you start to build on a hill with map in hand also a chance it can mess up during moments of lag further more advice to the creator you need to open up something for donations so that  can be a source of funding so that you can keep up with demands or maybe if you get votes to make t shirt logos or something as a side business or make foam swords from the game you can use that as a minority side funding while you develop your product I estimate this game will likely take 3thousand in us currency to make the game to suit your idealism in 2 years but however with the negative reviews that's gonna be hard for you to get the revenue to do so that's why I estimate two years to get the funding needed  also people don't understand it takes a person 3 years to develop a game that's takes 3 months to complete so they need to realize that's a retro and to do what you've done can take longer cause its bigger and better than old fashion and to make this much progress is hard and that your doing your best and I understand that its hard to keep up with demands also you could offer  to add things to the game if people are willing to donate the money needed to add it  that's how the retro game the enchanted cave 2 was made correctly and ideally and it cost the developer roughly 4 thousand  us dollars basing its program this project of yours can cost around 15 thousand us to finish maximum also servers cost money to run so that will need a source of funding  this is a  novice job at its current version  but  people need to understand the games updates take time and funding that you may not have at the time and that's slows down updates and honestly I've made games as well unity is harder to use than the programs I use but it looks more realistic than what im use to so I say to the developer well done  so far it just takes time so players be patient the developer is trying to improve it and I want to say good to the person that this is a big project
,Not Recommended,409590,29934383,Posted: 14 February,all,Jeanne de Clisson,"Get Either Skyrim or Minecraft InsteadI bought this game about a year ago, and it didn't work.  I would have expected a game released in any form, even early access/beta, to be in a playable state.  I only recently was able to get the game working properly.  The graphics are almost Skyrim quality, but the gameplay (from what I've been able to get done when the game isn't crashing) is more like Minecraft.  The reasonable alternative is to get either Skyrim or Minecraft (or both) and play those instead.  Character building in the beginning is slow, and the ""tutorials"" don't provide enough useful information to get the game into full swing.2/10 do not recommendUPDATE(20170303)Real,professionalgame companies/devs don't try to push a game as ""early release"" for over a year.If the game has this sh♥♥♥y for this long, it's not a buggy early release game, it's a defective product.To back up the above statement, check outthis article.Additional Gameplay/Graphics Notes:•You can't really succeed in this game unless you pick the traits that let you hit things with a sword, start settlements, and build complex objects.•It shouldn't be too much to ask to render the inside of the tree trunk.  Or at least create a flat part at the end of the cylinder of tree so I don't see the awfulness that is the tree that doesn't exist within itself.•The interface for using tools is confusing.  There is a reason that other games (developed by professional studios who make money by not being s♥♥♥holes to their customers and who actually deliver finished products) have a few simple systems that are replicated across many games.•Is there really no fast way to eat things?  Do I really have to go into my inventory every time I want to eat a whateverberry and drag it onto my face?•I want a savegame with a save file.  None of this ""save the world"" stuff where I can't go back and undo all the mistakes I made (owing to the fact that only a few of the skills are actually useful).•How do I join an NPC settlement?  They seem to be doing better than I am at this, and all they do is kinda derp around.•Give us a regular f♥♥♥ing dialog box, none of this weird conversation tree/bush/kudzu madness.•Actually, the bug where you can keep chopping at the stumps of tress that have been cut down earlier to get infinite wood is kind of nice.  Keep that one around.•What exactly is the value of a ""wood""?  Building recipes and scaffolds seem to think of it as a log (about half or a whole tree), but the crafting menu where you turn one wood into a plank says otherwise.•Using nothing but a plank of wood and your teeth, you can create a fully functional arrow.  A few planks and no string makes a bow that you can shoot them with.  This also raises questions about the value of one wood.•Why is it that I can just walk on water with no repurcussions?  How is it that I can't drown?  Can you at least slow down the time it takes to cross water so it feels like a legitimate obstacle?•I have only been able to kill a deer/stag when it has gotten stuck against a structure.•Is it really that important to differentiate between the 3-4 different types of meat?•I can climb steep slopes by jumping up them.  In real life (this is technically some sort of sandboxy rpg simulator thing, right?) you either don't go up these slopes or you climb with your hands (instead of holding swords and axes).•Does it really hurt to let us sleep inside the tent or on the bed?•I had a character with the beginning swordsman (or whatever) skill that couldn't use the d♥♥♥ sword to help and NPC fight a bear.•Too many bears in places where real bears wouldn't want to live.•I have a nice, expensive computer that can run far superior games without overheating, overexerting, or crashing.  This game can bring about all three.•If I have the skills and the resources to build something, and I'm placing it on a level surface near my homestead/settlement, I should be able to place it without a military-grade targeting system and it certainly shouldn't fail to register and make my screen frost over.Conclusion:you still shouldn't buy this piece of cr♥p."
76561198107054669,Recommended,409590,25470999,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Velvatine Rabbit,Kingdoms is an interesting game just remember that it is in alpha with a lot of issues. However the game is on the right track and looks like an awesome idea. Please take the time and support this game. Don't let it fall throught the cracks.
76561198116775610,Not Recommended,409590,28620733,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Iron Patriot,"Sorry this game is just un-playable, the game is just too undeveloped to even play. I would wait to buy it later when bugs have been fixed. I would also like to add the game is a very good looking game, and I think it would be very fun to play once in its final stage."
76561198198795894,Not Recommended,409590,24463804,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jagothegamer,"I really want to like this game. I really do. The concept is great.... But it's really, really buggy in it's current state. Yes, I know it's in early access and bugs are to be expected. The bugs I've expirenced like just randomly loosing items, is kind of annoying to say the least. I have no doughts that this game may be good in the future, but as of right now, just wait."
,Recommended,409590,22631180,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,AttillaTheNun,Shows much promise.  Fits loose category of early access.
76561198018916055,Recommended,409590,19520496,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Cecil Rhodes,"FIrst off I have just began this game, and i recommend it whole heartly already.Kingdoms have done well to make a good foundation for a game to be built upon. It has some basic features and you can see by their roadmap that the majority of what thye want will be added in the game (Blacksmith and other crafts plus village management) that part of the game is not to far off already. Unlike many ambitous early acess projects you can see the core parts of the game is already there, theres not to many features but there getting added quickly. I doubt this i will be a failed early acess game."
76561198032734994,Recommended,409590,18942563,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,brianhp666,This game has alot of potential
,Recommended,409590,18733982,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ZkyBox,"This game looks really promising, For the breef time i played it i really enjoyed it. Even though there are bugs and alot to be added. its really great to see some people doing something new for the gaming industry. 8/10 and im sure its just going to get higher and higher ;)"
76561198007855446,Not Recommended,409590,24940583,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,DarkAngelFurioso,"Many have already stated why this game is not where it should be at this point and I will not spend time rehashing everything they are saying. This situation does deserve another thumbs down though for posterity and the sake of gamers who dont have all the money in the world. This is ten dollars or whatever they change it to that you can spend on other games. They have had ample time to increase the gamer experience. It should be possible to do more than just run around finish some quests and awkwardly construct a few buildings (all while experience terrible optimization and a tendency to freeze) by this point. Theyve made their money.Let them work on this project, if in fact that was ever their intention, and check in on it after a reasonable amount of time has gone by. I do not believe this game is worth the money or the spent time and hope of its followers to continue waiting for this or supporting it. It is certainly time for them to put up, or be shut down.Just my two cents. Good luck."
76561198073883030,Not Recommended,409590,30588710,Posted: 18 March,all,jje,"Not very good, runs Great for early access but there is nothing to do. Combat is buggy... My axe vanished, can't find a way to make one, no idea how to put NPC'S on shops/blacksmith."
76561198182083673,Not Recommended,409590,23435103,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,piscespro,"This game is at the very early alpha stage, the graphics are nice, but the interactions lag, animals like stags and bears get stuck in trees, quests are too vague with no real completion, and the tools lag/disappear. The NPC programming is great, and the general first person screen is nice.However the developers need to make the interactions with the NPCs better than the ""where is this"" or ""I don't have a job"" to something like ""Assign a job to this person."" For instance I built a farm, bakery, and a blacksmith, but the NPCs just stood there wandering around like zombies. I couldn't make bread, or smith anything. Even though the NPCs had mining traits no mining was happening.At this time the $5 is worth the price for a cheap game for testing, but I don't recommend playing this poorly built game at this time."
,Recommended,409590,33237436,Posted: 4 July,all,LincViper,How to save the Humanity> Create a world called Humanity> Generate World> Esc> Save> Humanity saved.
76561198051442592,Recommended,409590,20057092,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,deathtauntpotato518,"(Look I have no idea why people aren't recommending this game.This is early Access game for a reason. It's not done!!! Duh. When you buy a EarlyAcess game that should be obvious you get it to support the dev's and give feedback to make the game better. Don't tell me nonsense about (not enough content) It came out in November of 2015....Anyway enough about that. Get the game, I've had fun with it so far tried several approaches and the devs seem to be working with it updating it as soon as they can and personally I'll ride it out. I hope you will to.)** Outdated(UPDATED)ALL OWNERS OF KINGDOMS ARE BEING GIVEN NEWS TYCOON WHICH IS BEING WORKED ON BY OREOL, FREE OF CHARGE FOR LEAVING THIS GAME BEHIND FOR SO LONG AND AFTER THE GAME (News Tycoon) IS RELEASED FULL MAINTENENCE ON KINGDOMS WILL RESUME. FINALLY THE ANSWER TO OUR PRAYERS A GOOD GAME BEING WORKED ON AGAIN AND A FREE GAME"
76561198101237883,Recommended,409590,20023882,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fahamum,"Great hopes on this one. Good Idea and project, just need to be worked on to become a grat game."
76561198068591967,Recommended,409590,23683025,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,SLICK,it is a really good game and im am sure it will be better with the future improvements and i would recomend tis to my friends
,Recommended,409590,18774475,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,First thoughts of this gameAllot to come - but not much gamegraphics look goodcombat system is iffyBuild system - simple and to the pointRandom world - well craftedrandom dialogue - pretty well donemy feel of this game is it is fun and well made BUT needs allot of work - I do not regret buying it even if its not allot of game yet to it as I look forward to watching it grow - if your looking for a game you can watch grow and help with buy this - if your looking for a game to play wait a bit
,Not Recommended,409590,20525273,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Scott,"From looking at the screenshots I expected this game to be more like an open world Mount and Blade type thing but with building and I was extremely dissapointed with what I got, couldn't even get a refund because I bought it with a bunch of other games on Steam, absolute trash."
,Recommended,409590,28936414,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr. Dunkaccino,"This game might not be finished and is still flawed, but it has the thing I'm looking for in alphas and betas: Potential! It has actually a very complex system for the behavior of the NPCs. Do good and people will be nice, do bad and people will be angry at you. That with the already good working village building are the biggest draws to this game. Those core mechanics already work fairly well.Also, I really like the perk system, where you start of with a handful of selected perks and learn new ones from the NPcs, and the crafting system is pretty cool as well, becuse the things you can craft depend on your aquired perksI can see really good potential in this game. If you are patient for updates and don't mind an unpolished, but still enjoyable game, you won't waste your money on Kingdoms"
76561198118796564,Recommended,409590,33295939,Posted: 5 July,all,SaschQuasch,I want to see more roads big and small plaza AKA town square walls lamps for the town and horse selling.Thanks for now I will think about what would be more later.
76561198051769404,Recommended,409590,21129111,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,npowers,"Despite the generic name, questionable English and lack of content, this game holds a lot of promise. As it stands now, you can wander through a living world where you and a few thousand NPCs seek to find purpose. As far as I can tell the NPCs can do most things you can do, and they can be found wandering the wilderness and starting their own settlements.As of the writing of this review, it is possible to build a settlement with basic structures such as homes, farms, tavern, etc, craft a decent number of items, gather resources and food and be killed by bears.If what you want is a medieval game that strives to allow you to do anything and go anywhere in a world that feels alive, this game is absolutely worth the investment. Buying early access is always risky business, but this game is far enough along to get your $10 out of it, and you'll be helping the developer continue to make what could be a very compelling finished product."
76561197968408741,Recommended,409590,21222112,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Laencio,"So much potential, keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,409590,21236509,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Stripes,Its got a ways to go yet but it looks like it can be a great game.
76561198068011923,Recommended,409590,21260780,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Navarome,lots of updates and a promising game
,Recommended,409590,21261069,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Teddyloonie,"I like the game in most regards, but there are a few things that really needs to be tended to, for instance the framerate is so bad that the screen stutters and sometimes freeze at random intervals after about 30 mins of gameplay, it might be for one that the trees in some areas are multiplied into the same spot, making the noice for starters unbearable. Then there is the fact that the animals spawns in clusters, and sometimes floats in the sky. Also the most annoying part would be the fact that sometimes your hatchet or weapon dissapears but it shows like you have it in your hands but you cant after that have happened swing at anything or gather anything which is a bit annoying as the only solutions to this seems to be to restart the entire game. So while it is an early access and has a long way to go, it is a good concept, good art style, good mechanics. But you need to tweak those bugs that makes the framerate so ♥♥♥♥♥♥, as it sometimes becomes barely playable. I recommend starting with the floating animals and the fact they spawn in gigantic clusters up to maybe 20 animals per cluster, also theres a bit too many of them, realisticly thats too many animals, and they go too close to the settlements. This is mostly annoying in the form of bears when three bears suddenly walks into the settlement at random and kills you. I would recommend putting a behaviour pattern so that the bears or animals stays away from the settlements at least a few kilometers. So that it is easier to actually build and stay in the village without having to run like hell or die every single 10mins. Also reduce the ammount of animals as theres simply too many of them, you cant walk 10 paces without hitting one."
76561198081832087,Recommended,409590,21307181,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ice King,"Being in early Alpha KINGDOMS still delivers a great game with a firm foundation. Are there bugs? Yes. Are there tweeks that could be made to make game play more fluid? Yes. Still, game play is enjoyable enough to keep me playing for hours. All the while keeping in mind that the forementioned bugs and tweets will be addressed in due time. This game is worth getting excited about. Nice work Max."
76561198014049565,Recommended,409590,21308718,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jlgoz,"Sure the game at this point is buggy, but it has some real potential.I mean what other game can you kill 5 bears and never go outside your house :)See my screenshots lol. I recommend Kingdoms for those who have the patience to let the developers exterminate the bugs and keep adding features."
,Recommended,409590,21346553,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,llarkin,"Just getting into the game but there are a few things im having trouble with.User interface is in need of serious improvement. Honestly that should be a primary focus or complete overhaul.Some menus dont have scroll bars and based on all the settings ive tried the UI scales with the settings so I cant see all of some menus like when in the garden and learning new skills.Its impossible to stack arrows that were not created with eachother. 1 log per stack is pretty lame just takes up more useless visual space in UI, would make more sense to add a total capacity rather than limiting stack sizes.hunting is pretty difficult. put 6 arrows in a buck and the thing kept running around, let alone the difficulty of putting said arrows into deers flesh had to chase it all over the place. then I got 1 piece of meat! wow that was rewarding! not really...Just started the game and the first skill is selected were Digger, Wood cutter, and the Bench Maker i think. But so far I cant find or make a shovel, or find a vendor/NPC with knowledge of shovels."
,Not Recommended,409590,21424827,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,tommysticks,"PotentialWhen I see that word describing a game I am instantly off-put.Kingdoms looks like it haspotential, but that's what I thought about Forsaken Uprising when I purchased it in EA. After that experience, it is very hard for me to recommend a game that has potential but isn't released in at least a fun state.Currently, I don't recommend this game. My 15 minute experience:+Game Loaded-UI kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥-No mouse sensativity adjustment+Good customization letting you put in custom weapons and items before even loading a world+Randomly generate world with custom number of NPCs+World Loaded < 1 minute~Looks/feels like Rust-30 - 40 FPS at all times-Takes me a minute to figure out how to pull out my weapon-Inventory gets stuck on screen+See ruins with random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ walking around~Decent, but clunky interaction with NPC-Can't kill him-Animations aren't good-Sword gets stuck out-Sword gets stuck out with arrow attached to it-Get stuck on a tree"
76561198007310748,Not Recommended,409590,20162773,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Maboiss,"Completely unplayable for me.  Literally.  When I launch the game, a ""Made with Unity Personal Edition"" screen comes up.  Then -- nothing but a blank screen staring me in the face, mocking my choice to buy this Early Access game.  Luckily I bought it on sale.  Perhaps the next update will fix this issue, but I'm not holding my breath.  Caveat Emptor everybody.  Happy New Year!"
76561197984765257,Not Recommended,409590,19977429,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Keith Yelnick,"This game isn't even ready for early access. It's really more of a tech demo at this point. It's probably worth watching, but don't buy!"
,Not Recommended,409590,21708243,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Oxblood,"I really like the concept of this game, but in it's current development stage it is almost unplayable. The villagers can and will trap you next to the town message board and will not move out of the way, bears insta-spawn beside you, and have very strange tracking, one minute they are 50-60 yards away the next they are right on top of you. The flying deer, animals that walk on water, disappearing trees, lag, and NPCs that will watch you get mauled and eaten by a bear in their village. I do understand that this game is in Alpha, but in it's current state I woefully cannot recommend it."
76561198023130923,Not Recommended,409590,21714079,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Vonknauss72,Completely unplayable in it's current state... it's Alpha but bugs bugs bugs everywhere
,Not Recommended,409590,23524718,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SAVAGE AF,"I didnt liked it at all. Too buggy.Npcs weren't moving where they were supposed to betrees were falling down for no reason and laying there foreverI couldnt even craft a campfire because it won't work.Bears are scary you say? I killed one with a sword (I had it from the begining)and I didn't even lost half of my health.I mean, it has kinda potencial.But I totally wouldn't recommend it right now.Not even in sale."
76561198013151956,Recommended,409590,29256594,Posted: 14 January,all,tdubic,"Game will be awesome, I recommend to buy this just to support developers. Currently it is playable in some way, but it has a some of bugs, end this is something you can expect in early alpha. My biggest consern is that most of the times settlers are useles, and you can't complete quests. Sometime is working some time is not. Just start new game maybe you get lucky.I think that developers need to fix this first, because people will start to lose interest in this game. You can add new features after fixing mayor parts of game, like bugs when you can't complete quest, when your map stop working after you get out of cave, and fact that settlers never build more than scaffolding. Also I think that if you make posible that player can give house or other building to some settler after building is finished, that would be great."
,Recommended,409590,29309198,Posted: 16 January,all,dorkam0ngus,"Recently bought this on sale. Saw a few youtube videos and thought I would like it, I am loving it so far! I hate comparing this game to other games it's so much more! The potential is very much there! I have 13 hours of play time and created 3 diffrent worlds it is still in early development but I already cant wait for the next update or even the final release. I do recommend this for the folks that want to support a fantastic game that's in the works and ones who can tolerate minor bugs which are expected in early stages. I think patience is key when one chooses to play an early acess game that is in the early stages such as Kingdoms. I really dislike reading the reviews from people that seem to expect to play a fully developed game it's very misleading for those like myself that try to stay open minded. From the discussions I have read the devs and community communication are very good! I have dreamed of a game like this where you can build and fight all with a purpose. You can make your own in game destiny!"
76561198056088856,Recommended,409590,29308677,Posted: 16 January,all,b.alexhizzy,"I think there is a LOT of potential here. I've been playing for a couple of weeks and have enjoyed the game as it is.PROS:- Huge open world- limitless possibilites of gameplay- Interesting gameplay- Devs are active on forums.- Great planned out Roadmap- Graphics are niceCons:- obviously it's unfishined and in Early Access so there's gonna be some bugs. I recommend saving frequently and not getting too attached to a save file.- Not much to do. Much still needs to be added.Overall, I would reccommend to casual players who enjoy watching games improve over time. I wouldn't recommend yet to hardcore gamers as there is still much to do. This game has been fun and I really look forward to seeing where it goes."
76561198101347613,Recommended,409590,29259205,Posted: 14 January,all,Mynx,"Despite all the bad reviews, I quite like this game, and I hope it goes MUCH FURTHER! I hope it kind of delves more into a fantasy land, too, perhaps? Fantasy survival game would be very nice to see!"
76561198007313318,Recommended,409590,29282105,Posted: 15 January,all,erikickes,"Despite a lot of negative reviews I tried this game out and it's my current favorite game. That being said, there are somethings half completed, balance issues and not a lot to do besides hunt resources but it's a really fun casual game.At the moment, you start by cutting down some trees and building a small settlement. For me I wandered into a village and killed a few people on accident and then became the leader. Now its a huge settlement with stores and mills and things opening all the time. I leveled a bunch of times and picked perks that are probably not the best but they are all handy. One issue is that as you level the requirements for the next level grow. I'm at 10 or 11 now and there are thousands of points required to advance but there is nothing currently in the game for me to do to make this any quicker. I have to get 2000 points by picking berries and occasionally killing a bear or stag (made easier with that 'run faster' perk though). I'm doing a lot more trading now but for some reason other villages are not progressing. They only have 1 building and a farm at the most. So I trade within my town only.Again, pretty fun. Tons of potential. I wish the developers were a little quicker with updates but it's OK as-is for a solid 20 hours of gameplay. Next update will probably make that a lot more because just a few tweaks will make it a great game."
76561198116028901,Not Recommended,409590,24339736,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Sena1984,"Its an okay good, Like other people said it needs work, it lags a lot after youve built things, or with the grass at full settings. Ive played other games with a lot better graphics and no lag so it needs a lot more content and more working with the bugs and the laggyness. At current state id say wait a while to buy it at full price. Theres lots of potential so id say if it goes on sale support the devs, and hopefully the game turns out how we want it to without lag and bugs"
,Recommended,409590,25812570,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ForceMagic,"This is a great concept, who never dreamed of building a city from scratch, own a store, go out fighting creatures and complete quests.However, as other mentionned, the development is extremly slow since the guy is alone.I recommend it only for charity, I've played 3 times over a year and felt the same."
,Recommended,409590,30109858,Posted: 22 February,all,LordBaba,Waiting for taxes to be implemented and also for shops to function then it would be somewhat playable. The auther has a forum uphttp://www.indiedb.com/games/kingdoms/news/kingdoms-developing-blog-4But i think they are working on aesthetics lol if not thank you for handling business come out with a patch soon the people are scared right now.
,Recommended,409590,20929190,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,HowDoUAim,"Awaiting the long-time-coming update. As is it, there's not a whole lot to this game yet. I still enjoyed myself for 7 hours despite the bare-bones content currently: I ran around exploring areas and a bunch of randomly built towns, helped and watched a town grow, then finally tried my hand at building my own town. Building your own town is currently a bit buggy. I was unable to complete quests to build housing for my townspeople, so they'd always just sit around and do nothing. The game itself is also a little buggy. If towns are not built instantly upon generation of the world, including your own, gaining population is a slow, if not impossible task. Also people tend to sleep underneath the floor of their home.However with some time, and implementation of key features such as town battles, town politics, and improvements to city building, I think this game will entertain me for many more hours. It seems to be aiming at a singleplayer experience that simulates a survival MMO-like Rust environment, mixed with roleplay elements to give it a slight Mount&Blade feel. This game has a long ways to go, but if it gets there, it will be worth the wait."
76561198248765840,Recommended,409590,28870622,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,bradadam16,i like the game but i found a bug when i press the K-editor i pres main menu to exit and suddlen the background was flashing and when i enter the world the ground was disappearing and reappering.
,Recommended,409590,28853823,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mw2skilful869,its a good game still needs more updates. it has so many glitches such as u cant use ur weapons then a bear just ♥♥♥♥s u up.
76561197971692751,Recommended,409590,19945014,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Delle(DK),"A good game with a great potential, but still in ""very early development"".The game world is huge where everything is random generated, such as forrests and citys and such things. However most citys when you start are very small or just getting started.When you start the game you are all alone, but if you run arround a little you will come across early settlements that you can do small quests for and be granted right to buy a house in their city and expand and example build a farm or a smith or what ever you like. you might also find some animals such as deer, wolf, fox, bear.But you can actual also start your own city, just be aware you need to be far enough away from another city/settlement to start it, and then slowly you will attract AI people who come and join you.In the future it is the plan to implement a system where citys can fight each other and a diplomatic system and trade system.I have to admit I did not play the game much but i did build a small settlement but it was before the new things such as smith/mining and other type of buildings was implemented.I can see that trading and roads will be in a future update and then i think the game start to become more interesting.But no matter what yes this is a game with great potential, give it some time and im sure we get a cool open world game.  ;-)However at the moment there are not that much to do ( i think i could be wrong ) im just saying the game is in early development and that there might not be enough features for many people to like the game in its current state."
76561198069713595,Recommended,409590,23459666,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,HappyAngryCatfish,"As most people already reviewed, it's a very rough Early Access game right now. The rain goes through the ceilings of homes, deer hop like rabbits through the forest, I feel like I get 20 FPS no matter what my graphics settings are which can be annoying, but I reallllllllly like the concept of the game, the roadmap the devs have laid out looks awesome, though I certainly hope to see some optimization done to this game to get it to run correctly.Edit: This game will eat your RAM alive."
,Recommended,409590,21015928,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mr Saxon,"I hate giving a game a bad review especially when I bought the game in hopes of being wow'd. I know its early access and it is being developed on the free version of Unity, which has its limitations. Its the constant crashes or freezing that make it nearly unplayable. The bugs I can deal with if it would stay running.They have been doing updates and trying to improve the game so I dont feel Ive wasted my money yet. At its current state Id say I do not recommend this game, however six months to a year later things may have improved to the point of playability.Clipping issues and missing tectures should also be fixed but thats minor. Animations could be cleaner. Menus could be cleaned up and graphical settings added to said menu in-game, as it takes far to long to load half a dozen times tweak setting outside game and load again just to do it again. A list of controls in game menu as well.I do hope you continue to work on this and dont take my critique the wrong way as I do have hopes for this game."
76561198101510759,Recommended,409590,32800762,Posted: 25 June,all,Rob-The Insane,"A very nice game with lots of protential, very fun build and craft system, hard early on, easier later on. Nice weather effects and better ai, some glitches though since it is still a early access game."
,Recommended,409590,35464435,Posted: 3 October,all,DjGrandQ,"Give this game a shot at greatness. It everything you would want in a Kingdom building game, and they are introducing law system..... THIS IS A MUST HAVE IN ANY OPEN WORLD COLLECTION!"
76561198041196716,Not Recommended,409590,31411508,Posted: 28 April,all,kenco10,"Way too many bugs stiil, village building is nothing but a chore as the npcs won't take my houses. I take the quest and the npc has no interface to take control of the house. Jobs get taken  by the npcs but nothing seems to be getting built. I have 28 npcs and 38 frames as they don't actually build them themselves. Wait for next update see if this improves as it does have potential. Rating for this update 2/10"
76561198027875896,Recommended,409590,19836786,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[-нsн-]  Muji-k,"This game still has a lot grow, and at the time i'm writing this review, the game has received only one major update, but it has an amazing potential. The graphics are amazing the controls and UI are already nice for an alpha, and the dev really seems to be giving this game a proper amount of work with short intervals between updates (if  he release the 2nd update on the day announced). I would like to remember people again that this game is still in a very early alpha stage, so don't expect a lot of content, just wait and if everything in the roadmap for this game is released than this will be an epic game.ps: sorry for any mispronunciations or grammar errors, english isn't my mother language"
,Not Recommended,409590,24840546,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Bülte,A game with barely any updates and no communication from the devs. It's been many months now and there have been absolutely no updates that fix the state the game is in at this moment. To me it seems the dev took too much work and sold a dream and just ran with the money the moment he realised he couldn't make the game he wanted due to inexperience.
76561198008893967,Not Recommended,409590,26192250,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,crcarter,"I cannot recommend this game, everytime I play it I get stuck on a rock or tree about anything. Updates come and go and still I can't play 30 min without something preventing me from continuing."
76561198007349000,Not Recommended,409590,35130126,Posted: 22 September,all,michaelhilz,"I bought this game based on several glowing reviews.  I understood it was early access, and I've played several early access games in the past.  To put it mildly, I was underwhelmed.  You are essentially dumped somewhere on an island.  There is little to no tutorial.  By experimentation, I learned how to chop wood and mine stone.  Traveling is tedious.  Your stamina depletes rapidly, so you can't run very far.  Walking is slooooooow.  I spent a good hour trying to get where my map showed a town.  As I walked/ran thru the night, I was attacked by animals repeatedly, that despite my torch, I couldn't see.  I learned to run as soon the music swelled, as this indicated an attack.  When I finally arrived at what looked like a town on the map, there was nada.  Then a wolf attcked me and the game crashed.  This game is in way to rough shape to pay for.  In fact, they should pay you to play as it feels more like work and frustration.  I couldn't get a refund from Steam, so I will continue to see if it gets better, but this game needs a LOT of work."
76561198238857982,Not Recommended,409590,19085540,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Odysseus,"Welp, my game won't even go pass the Generate World part..."
,Not Recommended,409590,23938925,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Soviet,"2 Second in a series where i compare these survivor games to Planet Explorers &The Forest (and mildly to terraria and darkout) to help people buy the right game i compare:Thing this game does that other games don't: The world designs itself as time passes.**updated 2016/6/26This game is like The Guild/Hinterland/Savage Lands had a baby. Only it's not as good as any of those games YET.There is no digging/mining underground or designing blueprints. No voxels of any kind. (Planet Explorers/Minecraft/Terraria/Dark Out has this)This is essentially The Forest but without story. Looks decent, it doesn't look as good as The Forest or Planet Explorers.)Unfortunately it's not much of an improvement on the The Forest. The story isn't there. Crafting is very basic.The AI grows towns which you help with or start your own. The world designs itself.I will update as I play more of this and other games like it."
,Recommended,409590,23432319,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Phoenix,This game has a lot of potential and looks as if it will be a great game one day.
,Not Recommended,409590,23464467,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Akar,"this is sad, the description and picture shown the most perfect game and its a lie, its total bs, lags on my GTX 980 which is like stupid considering i can play every game on steam ultra high HD settings, theres animals walking on top of the water and there outlined from miles away, not only does it lag on my High performance system it dosnt even look good, its uglyer and blockier then rust on low settings,dont buy, this game will maybe be great one day if they can match there description and pictures, until then its a lie,"
76561198039923687,Recommended,409590,21930640,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Manekemaan,"When you play this, consider that is is an unfinished game!!!It looks very nice and i'm really curious to what they will do. Good luck to all the developpers. When I have some spare time i'll start mucking around and testing for you guys.This can turn into a pearl!"
76561198140465883,Not Recommended,409590,20924958,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,jmstewa2,Extremly glitche
,Recommended,409590,26604079,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,MrPepperman,"Review for Kingsdom- 20161114Pros: Sunrise and sunset were actually very nice to look at.Skill system is a decent idea of a sandbox type survival gameThe IDEA of creating a Kingdom in the middle of a forest is actually a neat.Cons: Ruins as far as the eye can see.Can walk on water. The swimming mechanic isn't even present, but if you're looking for a Jesus Sim, this is your game.The tutorial tab isn't that well fleshed out, could use some work.Overall: I see some potential in the game. If you're buying the game, I recommend you take a step back and realize you're supporting the developer in helping make a better game. This game as a long way to go, but if it's on discount, get it. Try it out for an hour or so and see what updates they release down the line."
76561198172279703,Recommended,409590,29302831,Posted: 16 January,all,Mr Sewer Cat,Soooooooo much potential people be patient and hold on this is a gem!
76561198171941187,Not Recommended,409590,29380027,Posted: 20 January,all,Brabantione,"I have played almost all types of medieval games: RPG, RTS, Combat, Story,... .A lot of my spare time actually  goes to research about the middle ages. So when I saw all the bad reviews about this game I hesited at first, but eventuelly I just had to try this game.In short (its not worthy of a long review) this game doesnt differ from a scamming email that promises you a lot if you just pay ""that small fine"" and then leaves you in the dark."
76561198008193698,Recommended,409590,24736615,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FlamingPoop007,very creative I cant wait to see the final results!
76561198054395481,Recommended,409590,21622722,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,soni.prendi,"needs so much fixing , so much!!!!! i hope the devs do something about it soon, in this state....... I don't want to feel sorry for buying it."
,Recommended,409590,25154291,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bellesaurus rex  🐲,IT IS AN EARLY ACCESS GAME.The game is good but atm its early access and of course doesn't have much to do besides explore and hit stuff. Get it when its on sale and wait for the full release. It will be worth it.
76561197968601655,Recommended,409590,25374389,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,mysticdrew,"VERY early access. It is an alpha so be warned. Cool concepts, excited to see the evolution of this game."
,Recommended,409590,20296192,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Stalin_Duck,This is a very fun game. I like the concept just needs more time. Like when i try to load a game it crashes. Also i ran into a tree and got stuck. But it is early accesss so I knew this was going to happen. So it really just needs bug fixes and stuff. Also another bug was i walked on water and then couldnt attack with my axe or sword.
76561198052754794,Not Recommended,409590,28898739,Posted: 1 January,all,Therob5895games,I was exited to play the game made myself a settlement and a house saved and quit so i din't loose anything load game spawn under the map and lost everyting not worth the money still needs alot of work even do it's been in dev ment for a yearIF THE DEVS CAN FIX THIS PROBLEM WITH SAVING AND LOADING I WILL RECONSIDER
76561198049784461,Recommended,409590,19611592,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Zararus,"11/10 Explored Ruins, Bear mauled me. would get mauled again."
,Not Recommended,409590,26622953,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Irelevus Murloc,"Great game with great potential, what made me request a refund though: I built a house for an NPC, the NPC was correctly assigned to his house, the NPC went to his house, the NPC walked through the floor, the NPC slept under the House. There is no colision detection for NPC's, at all. they will walk through buildings like there's no tomorrow.EDIT: The Devs wanted to finish the game within 16 months, it has been 13 months and the AI still clips through buildings. I don't know about you but if I'm told that a game is to be finished in 16 months, 13 months later I expect core concepts to be in place and relatively fleshed out, as well as a relatively competent AI and colision detection. The Core concepts are in place, the have been relatively fleshed out, the AI is abosolutely usless and have no colision detection. The worst part is that the player character does have Colision Detection, you will not clip through the floor, but the AI will, that means the colision detection is in place but the Devs have not implemented it properly for the AI, that's why I chose to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,409590,23437308,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,frostnoodle,"I'll start off by saying that this game has a lot of potential. Unfortunately, after about an hour or so of frustrating playtime, I've come to the conclusion that this game just isn't ready for release. It's not even ready for an ALPHA release.Major bugs are evident in every aspect of the game that I've encountered. From combat, crafting, inventory management, and the NPCs, absolutely everything is effed. While trying to put my sword back into my inventory and replace it with my axe for wood chopping, the sword disappeared. Wasn't on the ground, wasn't in my inventory, it was gone. And then a bear attacked me even though there were about 20 NPCs around. The NPCs didn't react to the bear, and the bear didn't target any of them either.Chopping down a tree half the time results in a tree floating horizontally in the air, impossible to try and chop it down any further. One of the more frustrating issues is that there's no ""Your inventory is full"" message. Instead of the wood sitting on the ground, it just disappears.The NPCs don't seem to have a purpose at all. They just lie around while they watch you chop down trees and put wood in THEIR buildings.This game could be fantastic, but it's such a clusterf*** right now. In this state (which is apparently after  the third update), I'm truly amazed that the development team even released it because it's so far from being remotely playable. Instead of rolling out new features, they should be fixing and tweaking the existing features.Alpha build =! unplayable disaster. Total waste of money. I'll check back in a year."
,Not Recommended,409590,26595708,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ehni55,"What an extreme waste of time! I really want to like this game but I can't bring myself to when there are so many issues.Firstly, you only give 10 seconds prior to NPC spawn to place a settlement. Come on, maybe 30 seconds would be appropriate. I could probably work with 10 seconds if I didn't constantly spawn on the side of a hill. What horse s@#t. Now I have to reload the game and hope that I don't spawn on a hill. But wait, I need to rename both the world and my player then pick the same traits again. Come on, make it a little bit more user friendly.Second, it takes 30 seconds to chop 1 wood. I'm no expert here but that doesn't quite seem right. I can see having it take 30 seconds to chop the tree down but then chopping each piece of wood there after should take less time. Drive me nuts!Next, I should be able to access my villagers and give them jobs from the beginning. Don't just stand there, get your ax and start chopping wood!When a wolf attacks what should I do, A) start attacking it, or B) run over to my villagers and start attacking it. Obviously B). But then all of a sudden my villagers attack me! Okay so I may have accidentally hit them with my dagger but come on, honest mistake! Don't all of a sudden shift your focus from the ravenous wild wolf to me! I'm on your side!! Well then S%*T my own village just killed me and I hadn't saved yet. Now I just spent 45 minutes chopping wood to get killed by my own villager. GARBAGE!Lastly, whats with no 1920X1200 resolution? I have a (darn?) window that doesn't take up my whole screen and I am constantly clicking outside of it.I want to like your game, honestly I do. I have been looking for a game where you can build your own kingdom for a long time. Right now I just can't like your game. To many obvious issues that should have been fixed by now. I'll check back in a couple updates to see the progress. If this game goes in the right direction I will change my review. Scouts honor."
76561198292049808,Recommended,409590,31928200,Posted: 23 May,all,BIGWAR65,good game you need to get it
76561197998275893,Not Recommended,409590,19517116,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Abyssal,great concept. unplayable at the moment. user beware.
76561198026997712,Not Recommended,409590,19495001,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Kangtonios☂,Needs a lot of work to become playable.
76561197970718218,Not Recommended,409590,21847347,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,WickedKae,"Game is so buggy the movement keys don't even work.  I wasn;t able to move, but the game looked pretty bland and this appears to be a waste of money.  Devs don't update either it appears, so I'd stay away."
,Not Recommended,409590,20512521,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,CanadianBacon,Bare bones. But great concept. Once more updates come out it will be worth buying. As of right now its boring and you are left with nothing to do but wander around a giant open map.As of right now i cannot reccomend it but further down the line definantly check it out.
,Not Recommended,409590,26574002,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Alucard,After almost a year of early access i expected more from this title... I don't think the current quality of game is even worthy of an early access or pre-alpha status. It is unplayable and at the pace of their development i don't believe it will ever live up to the developer expectations.
76561198021362014,Not Recommended,409590,20484401,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Thefoxwraith,"Yeah, It's early access... Though in it's current state it's unplayable.Time played directly reflects above statement."
76561198170633335,Recommended,409590,19439410,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,[KSG]TedwardsGames,"I LIKE THE CONCEPT..BUT ITS BUGGY AND I DIDNT GET TO PLAY IT, i will re buy when its out of alpha,good luck devs"
76561198033564047,Recommended,409590,21145737,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,OldHunter,"Hello All,I am trying to play the game buth all the time my mouse cursors Is disappearing.Anybody out there has the same problems?"
,Recommended,409590,25840312,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ma9nUs Gaming,"okay so first of this game is EARLY ACCESS, even the devs think they released it a tad too early however all the money made from the game is put back into the game.the devs are really active releasing a huge update (basically a small dlc almost) every 2-3 months or so.it is planned to have multiplayer in the future. and the dev team is really active with the community.the game is far from finished and can at sometimes (mainly when you have too many houses) be a tad unplayable however i would still recommend this game.people complain saying ""Oh my fps drops"" ""i wasted money because i didnt know it was THAT early access""this game is really really early access even for it being out for a while. the dev team is small (less than a  dozen people) and they cant do a lot of work in a small amount of allotted time but they do end up giving larger updates than most small teams usually give.this game has a HUGE potential and i say even if you dont want to play it in a very unfinished state (although still playable) i would say if you like the concept buy it and sit on it. because in 1-3 years this game will be HUGE i just know it. its like bread and butter, they havent completely churned the butter yet but when thats finished and they release this game? its going to be one of the best survival games out there from battleing towns and raiding keeps. to becoming a farmer or blacksmith.even go and become an assassin. this game will have a lot of possibilities and ive never seen another game even closely resembling this. in which i say support them. dont hate them because they are small and its not even in BETA yet, so dont blame them for an unfinished game when you bought EARLY ACCESS.i wont give this game a number rating until it becomes BETA"
76561198199745828,Not Recommended,409590,19492590,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,vitali2712,"It's understandable that in any alpha there will be problems...but with Kingdoms there is no game full stop. Nothing works and there is little help/guidance in game. It crashes a lot, and it's full of bugs such as floating animals or villagers walking on water. The quests don't seem to work properly and the skill tree is nuts, and the menus are all badly aligned and all over the place. Unfortunately, the game promises a lot in the form of a sandbox 'do what you want experience' but delivers very little at present other than a flashy trailer which doesn't reflect the actual gameplay. Other reviewers are correct about it being a basic Unity engine game with no real AI or development beyond a few placeable basics and limited interaction.Compared to Stranded Deep which was somewhat playable and enjoyable (although basic) on its alpha release, Kingdoms doesn't appear to have the fundamentals down yet to make it past an hour or so of confusing, clunky gameplay.However, despite the negatives, there is a boat load of potential for Kingdoms to become a great game. Unfortunately, given the unpolished and sloppily released alpha it will be difficult to restore that yearning to see and test the improvements and follow the latest news and updates that I have with other games in the genre. This is one that I'll check back on in a year. Who knows, I might be suprised!"
,Not Recommended,409590,19449190,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Supperman940,Crashes everytime I try to generate.Waste of $10
76561198255413368,Not Recommended,409590,19732043,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Grenick,Games got some good potential for the future but it's not quite ready yet. I'd give it awhile before trying it out. So not recommended for now but will try again in the future.
76561197970528343,Not Recommended,409590,19805514,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Bayushi,"Too early to put on Steam. It is barely playable with almost nothing to do. I spent a good portion of my time in game running from bears. They ignored npcs (and npcs ignored them) and followed me into my house. AS soon as I managed to evade one bear, another took it's place. Eventually I tried killing one with a sword and died immediately. Some fun, eh?"
76561198018875590,Recommended,409590,21988548,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Wolfen,"The game is clearly in apha state and therefore unfinished and a little buggy, but it has a bunch of fresh ideas and it seems to have a small, yet hard working dev-team.For 10 bucks it was worth to support the game and watch it grow."
76561198087074302,Not Recommended,409590,23625703,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,mab,"I do not recomond this game unless something in the community or the dev changes. I predict the product will fail by 2018 or early 2019. the dev is incapable of taking critisim; he also silences critcs by encouraging the communty to rate down negitve reviews. Also, they ban people for saying the game is bad or critizing key parts of the game, the community will rally against anyone who speaks out. They sensor comments and OP to make them seem postive. Until something changes I will not support this game dev or his community. I will continute to follow it but I won't support a game dev with a ego complex."
76561198400013310,Recommended,409590,33203209,Posted: 3 July,all,Hillbillyjiml086,Very good. Gam
76561198199545517,Not Recommended,409590,22076378,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,slipside,"I've played my fair share of alpha's and games in development so i know what to expect, and by that i mean expect nothing. But this one called my bluff.If you wanna play a guessing game of what i like to call ""which buttons will work today"" then this game is for you, if not ill give you a quick rundown of how the game works in it's entirety.Start a world, picked my specs i wanted. little do you know if you dont get ""chopper"" and ""worker"" at least...........well...you dont get to play this roundSpawned in, grabbed some berries, got framiliar with controls and such. Then bear attack! no big deal...I got a sword, stood behind a tree cus i knew i couldnt take him since he gets you with 5 bites, 14-19 stabs for your sword to kill him. And sure enough just like i suspected he glitches into the tree (every tree and any tree) and you just stand still and stab till you get him....okay so boring start but im sticking with it!Go find my first town(2 npc's and the frame of a house) and chop some trees to fininsh the towns peoples main house. Although the house is only good for sleeping. It does nothing else and neither does the quest board.Then Bear attack 2! mind you i've traveled about 500yrds and its been 10minutes since bear attack 1.I can hear him but idk where he is, so naturally i run in the house to spice things up. And behold, bear is in the middle of the house biting me with half his body under the floor boards except this time he can glide right through the house and walls no problem. So then i run, 1 bite of health to my name and my sprint bar goes out so i try for the tree trick from before but my sword is bugged and wont swing or un-equip....im doomed, but not quite! I didnt die, but why? well because the bear is faster then me, yes so i should die, but the bear cant bite while hes moving- he will stop everytime to attack. So if i dont stop, i dont die. I can even walk, I didnt even have to sprint, I just had a pet angry bear follow me for 25 minutes while i looked around for other towns. Didnt make it to the next town because i found a magic river (kinda) I was looking for a place to get rid of my bear cus I'm tired of listening to him. I could see a wide river and thought id hop in and see if i can swim or if the bear can since i cant swing my sword anyways. I leap off a little hill into the water and check my six and see the bear take a stutter step and walk off. I lost him!! But i look down and im not underwater, im not even swimming...Im literally running on top of a fairly large rivir with a decently strong current, but i aint got time for swimming....psshh im walking!At this point I'm in tears laughing, with a clap and bravo zulu!apologies for typo's and poorly writing, this game doesnt deserve my punctuation, hats off to the devs"
76561198023353140,Not Recommended,409590,20653006,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Chronos Guardian,"It is still EA, and the developers are slowely working. Just not a whole lot to do right now in the game and there are quite a few bugs, but hopefully when or if they finish this game on time it will be good. But right now this is barely EA just in comparisson to other EA games. But strong concept.The only reason i really got this game is because the reviews were miss leading. But hopefully this will help.SO IN SHORT: wait to get this game till release (if it ever does) or only get it if its on a huge huge sale.Update to this: Only been 2 Updates since game opened up...."
76561198121188858,Recommended,409590,21428652,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mojo Jojo,To all the guys being negative and bashing the game... IT'S EARLY ACCESS IT'S POSTED EVERYWHERE. give these guys some credit and support them. They will get the job done. So help them by seeing the potential and have a little vision and patience... This game is incredible and will prosper.
,Not Recommended,409590,19371631,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Flelark,"While I do understant this game came out only a month ago, there isn't any content worth paying $10 for. There's nothing, most houses are bugged, and it's honestly a waiting simulator to see whether or not your village will work, or just ""breaks"" and stops working."
,Not Recommended,409590,21387360,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Cheydrazaar,"At this point in this game's progress, even asking for $10 is too much. In the limited amount of time I spent playing this game, the following annoyances led me to request a refund for this purchase:1. Animals and people clip through objects and float about anywhere they like.2. The bow's reticle vanishes, perhaps when you are in a settlement, perhaps not. Aiming becomes a farce at this point.3. Bears. They spawn inside settlements, where they don't bother attacking villages (or vice versa), but are more than agitated by your presence. The two good things about bears is that, when I shot it in the face with an arrow, the collision detector kept registering between the bear and the arrow as I kited the bear and it basically committed suicide, and the meat from the bear completely removed my hunger.4. My hunger bar jumped back to 50% when I went to sleep after eating that bear meat.5. You can't do anything in the game unless you have the matching basic skill choice. This means you need to pick the gathering abilities during character creation. If you don't, even chopping wood becomes a monumental task. To wit: you cannot start a character that is not a gatherer unless you like chopping wood for three days in order to make a campfire.6. When you chop wood, it quickly fills your inventory. Queue the crafting screen. This point is going to have sub-points.(A) When you are crafting, you cannot see what resources you have because it closes all access to inventory and doesn't bother telling you anywhere how many resources you have.(B) Each item takes what I assume to be in-game time to craft. During that crafting period, you are completely locked in that crafting window while time in the game continues to roll on at an accelerated pace. The blurry rectangle in the center of your screen allows you to watch at daylight changes and blurs of NPCs zoom by.(C) Let me reiterate: you are stuck in the crafting window. If you craft something that takes 2-3 hours in game, you are going to wait in that window until it is done. Do NOT try to interrupt crafting by pressing the escape key. This will simply open up the game's main menu BEHIND your crafting menu and completely bung up your ability to manipulate the crafting window once your item is finished, even if you press the escape key again to close the main menu.Please look at the majority of the other reviews for this game. Even the positive ones repeat the word ""potential"" until the word begins to lose meaning in your head. Potential is great, sure, but I'm not going to purchase an empty, dark, dank corner and hope that a delicious mushroom grows there.Also note the amount of time most of the reviewers have spent playing the game, including myself. Keep in mind that these reviews are written after that much gameplay. The numbers aren't very high because there is nothing to do in this game yet that is worth your attention and money.I regret having purchased this game and I hope that my review here serves as a stop sign for anyone who is casting about for a crafting/survival game. This game is not worthy. I suggest ""7 Days to Die."" The only reason I'm not playing that game now is that I have over 2,000 hours logged and I'm a little burned out."
76561198025472290,Not Recommended,409590,34146542,Posted: 10 August,all,Kenneth Toilethole,"Right now it's a pass. Great concept, nice variety of possibilities. Obviously it's very early access, so the game will surely progress.But the problem right now is the mechanics. Hunting is a nightmare, so food is pretty scarce. The building works fine, the quests are good. But exploring feels tedious and the interactions -- combat, chopping, hunting, etc -- are all slow and drab.I will return to this one (as I have to Savage Lands, Stranded Deep, and others) in the future. For now it's probably not worth your $10."
76561198071601229,Recommended,409590,33117614,Posted: 1 July,all,xBlackOmenx,Big Bear. Kill. Very Good
76561198066820730,Not Recommended,409590,21193216,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Scroaticus,Fun game with lots of potential. However the bugs are reall in this game as of right now. I would recommend this game for purchase at a later date.
,Not Recommended,409590,24237604,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,hannah,I just hope it gets better
,Recommended,409590,22164404,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Soviet Yahwehweh,It's getting there. what is there so far is a base for an amazing game.
76561198068908281,Recommended,409590,22193316,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NickolasFedele,Its not a bad game guys.. just need to be finished.
76561197999292240,Not Recommended,409590,20804673,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,wizardsteve,game will not load keeps saying kingdoms exe has stop working
76561197978674236,Not Recommended,409590,25697470,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Grim,"Buggy, uninteresting, sad.Not even the (extra boring) base quests work.... tied it again (6 month after my review) and guess what?Exactly nothing changed."
76561197993997665,Not Recommended,409590,19507107,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,duffy,"In this stage I cannot recommend this game, as full with bugs. unfortunately more cons then pros...pros:-maybe just the idea, but nothing really else. the graphics is nothing wow, some other games has better.crafting system is missing yet.cons:-animals, and humans are walking on the water sufrace-always get 2 wood, no matter how big the tree you chopped-if you chopping the tree chunk, actually it gives an infinity wood, as the chunk is always stays, so you have to chop only one tree, then the chunk itself....-cannot get into any house-took a job, then talked to the person, lied that his house is ready, and just get the money without build any...-raw meat cannot cook, but can be eaten by raw without any consequence-cannot build a storage, so you have only your own 15 slots. so if you gather some fruits, woods, meats you cannot store them-so far cannot craft anything or any weapons, just some house and garden, campfire...-the people of the villages just like zombies, not rerally doing anything.a bit boring, hop that the devs are improving this game"
76561197971395859,Not Recommended,409590,20106277,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,bonga,"Actuallly, after due consideration and minimal play experience, due to the following - its a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥and not worth bothering with, there are more worthy candidates out there for your early access dollar."
76561197989235912,Not Recommended,409590,26179248,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,SirStart / Redbeard,"At the moment i cant recommend this game, its choppy and full of bugs, i just tried to play 30 minutes after the last update,  (update 11) and i cant seem to even hurt the animals, the bow stops working time after time (even if i have enough arrows) weapons dont hit the target yer aiming at and so on, the game seems to have the potential, Aye! but not in the nearest future. so at the moment i will not recommend people to buy it now at the current stage o the game, wait a year or so and it might be better."
76561198059595670,Not Recommended,409590,35231553,Posted: 26 September,all,martin.klein1212,This can be a good game but there is a lot of work ahead... not worth the money yet...
,Not Recommended,409590,20073447,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Juancho,"Early Access review: the game has potential, but at its current state, it is not playable at all. I rate thumbs down because I think the devs should have published a better version in Early access"
,Not Recommended,409590,20769004,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rein Frost,"As for now... i just cant recommend it. content thats in, its okayish... but lacks a lot of actual ""do-stuff"", the villagers dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥ buildings cant be placed at even the slightest incline."
76561198006713964,Recommended,409590,25217989,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Running,"Early Access Game, sure, but fun.  I hope the makers continue to create fun items for this game.Maybe add the ability to be come king of the land.  That would be cool.  :-)"
76561198150046281,Recommended,409590,28692168,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lardachu,it was fun
76561198030980450,Recommended,409590,20581427,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tallestdavid,I can walk on water.... jesus confirmed? 10/10
76561198020243668,Recommended,409590,28569278,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Boghi,You can walk on water like Jesus!So yeah ... why not ?
76561198116716032,Not Recommended,409590,22918092,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Issamont,"This game isn't even ready for beta, the Devs haven't updated the game in months, even though they keep promissing to every week. Just another case of people being ripped off by a company making promisses they never keep. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,409590,32743689,Posted: 24 June,all,Papa Smoke,"i think my favorite part of the game was when the dev himself and half the community attacked and flamed me for saying the game was in too much of a broken state to justify spending money on at the moment. it's not an uncommon thing, either, just look through the negative reviews. I deleted my original review, which just said the game was fun, but not in a state to justify charging for, after I got bammed by an army dedicated fanboys who find it a hobby to go around criticizing negative reviews. you can also get banned on their forums for saying anything negative about the game. and it runs pretty badly considering what you're looking at. paying for a game like this is like paying the shady kid down the street to mow your lawn in full before he does it, and expecting him to do it while you go on a vacation.gg, i'd stay far away from this ponzi scheme"
76561198074406511,Not Recommended,409590,32705856,Posted: 23 June,all,HonorableDoggo,"This game is pretty barebones right now. Has tons of potential, come back in like a year or a half. I look forward to seeing where this game is in the future."
76561198047457041,Not Recommended,409590,22966361,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,I am a Pine Tree,"100 minutes is not a lot of gameplay. But in Kingdoms, it was me leveling up, building 2 settlements, and going AFK for about 30 minutes on the menu, so yes, 100 minutes is not a lot of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,409590,26019880,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,93rd_Darkwither,I CAN'T KILL ANYTHING! THE BOW IS ♥♥♥♥ED TO PIECES! IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING RIDICULOUS! FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING BOW! IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO KILL ANYTHING BECOME THE RANGE IS SO DAMN ♥♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198048290794,Not Recommended,409590,25840213,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hitoshi Misaki,this game is seriously crap the devs string people along with hopes of updates but never deliver on anything they been updating the female character for almost 4 months now with no update and havnt tried to fix any of the existing problems i swear its like a money trap just stay away from this garbage the company will fail regardless and in the end people will just get more and more upset over this damn useless game wanna play a better game than this? try out rust... at leaste its playable
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,409590,21193519,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Layla,"at this moment in time, in its current state, this game is the biggest waste of money and space in my hundreds of games, boring, unprofessional and i cant support an unpolished product, typos in text, more basic than basic and i just havent seen any progress even though updates sometimes release.i havent really noticed any difference, trees are bouncing all over the place and its just MEH.dont recommend this game..22/07/2017nice to see the Dev, forgetting this POS and releasing another game, when they havent even come close to finishing it, look at your games reviews, and dont waste your time"
76561198129571535,Not Recommended,409590,34323703,Posted: 18 August,all,lowe200012,"the game itself looks pretty good and i can understand why it has so many good reviews. the problem is while i do not have the best pc in the world I still more than meet the low minimum spec to be able to play yet the game is completly unplayable even on the lowest setting so I unfortunatly ca not reccomend. even if I had a high spec pc then I would still not be able to reccomend getting this. I have to write this review on my system specs and I have to take into consideration what the min system specs of the game are supposed to beEDIT:Finally got the game working and 4 hours in I get killed by a wolf and reset to the begining. At the moment I still can't reccomend as much as I would like to, better optimization and a even a half decent tutorial would help alot"
76561198169249200,Recommended,409590,23908369,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,♏PicK♏,thats pretty good!
,Not Recommended,409590,19944769,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Stella Theseus,"Impossible to play for nowDo not buy it! You will not be able to play and even if you try your best, you will not be able to get a refund."
76561198151428166,Recommended,409590,29514129,Posted: 26 January,all,michael123earles,it can be a grate game i see grate things to come frm it but later maby mak it so your freinds can play with you????
,Not Recommended,409590,20172528,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Asarin,"Not reccommend at this stage.Pros.No need real people to makes a village.Many food.Can learn skill by talking to NPC.Con.Too many bear.Too few place to settle my own village.Crappy battle action.----------------------------------------------------------Also, if dev team see this.1.Too many bear isn't a problem if the battle action isn't that worst.2.If you don't increase a flat plain to build a village, please makes buildings tiltable.3.Need more building styles.4.Why create character if you can only play 1st-person?5.Is it possible to have more setting before generate the map?"
,Not Recommended,409590,20046564,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,GhostTechGaming,"at this current state i can not recommend this game for anyone, i've legitly only played, 14 minutes, and had no fun at all, the combat is dull, only small amount of crafting, the ui, is absoulety horrible, little to no settings, the only good thing about it is, the concept, if the game was done right, it could be a very good game but take note it is in early access, but don't waste your money on it."
76561198138684761,Not Recommended,409590,21954724,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,BillyBurner,Waste.
,Not Recommended,409590,20015255,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,(JJRAPZ)Jammer0100,I am so excited to try this game but it wont even let me in. It crashes at the very start every single time I try to start it.... is there something goin on with the game right now? anyone else have this probem?
,Not Recommended,409590,34124179,Posted: 9 August,all,Red Fox Gamer,"Not worth your money at the moment, it might become good with time though.(This bit was added later)I didn't play this game very much however it isn't even close to being able to be called a ""finished product""."
76561198137230332,Not Recommended,409590,32843468,Posted: 26 June,all,Coconut of Doom,"How about this? Ill reword this whole review because you guys got too butthurt. Someones gonna get butthurt regardless but whatever.The game is an unpolished gem, a basic UI, and its Early Access. Lots of a bugs. I mean, that it is to be expected, no? But these can be fixed with a handy report bug button.Still, I would wait until its done. Its still got many problems. Like nothing telling you how to open you're inventory or how to ready you're fists or weapon or whatever. I encountered some bugs, but they too were insignificant and i'm sure if I spent more time on it then I would have encountered some that should be reported. But it has potential. Great potential actually, especially with this rumored update of kingdom wars. But still, save your money. Wait until its done. Its better to wait on the sideline with a bored expression then invest and lose it all."
76561198046767724,Not Recommended,409590,25065414,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,pj467,The game fails to load.
76561198121528531,Not Recommended,409590,18698160,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,PeteThePuertoRicanPelican,this game has amazing potential the ai is clunky and on my travels i saw many a bear fly and clip managed to get to a lake deers are aparently jesus and the people they are all magicians flying water walking phasing through walls some of them do all three at once but its good laughs even if its not what the game was intended fore.simplygood concept great ideas but in its current state i would say give it 6 months at the very least.
76561198194913499,Not Recommended,409590,20759334,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Blessedjeans,dont get this it wont work
76561198165847212,Not Recommended,409590,22572720,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,michaelwversyn,Got this game a few months ago and still can't get into the game... seriously $10 for a loading screen. Any suggestions?
76561198277549760,Recommended,409590,32921759,Posted: 28 June,all,redsmokeboy,Not sure what to say.
76561198082784376,Not Recommended,409590,31674382,Posted: 10 May,all,InkSphinx,"For a game that started/ was released in 2015, It's incredibly basic. I find myself bored within 10 mins of gameplay. When you first start the your world, you walk around for hours to try and find NPCs to learn basic skills needed to do the simplest of tasks. Once you are lucky enough to learn a few basic starter skills you find yourself needing many more skills to make anything. Example: creating armor, you need to get a builders perk and a blacksmithing perk to build a smithy, then you need a mining perk to get iron ore, then if thats not enough you need to get leather, how do you do that you ask.. You need another perk to skin animals. Now, animals are plentiful, but run from you when you are nearly half-a-mile away making it damn near impossible to get leather. I would imagine someone could create a game like this within a week or so, seems etremely basic. I was dumbfounded when I looked back at the store page and I read ""2015"" in the release date section.$10 is not much for most of us, after 2 days I find myself regretting this small purchase."
76561198113744838,Not Recommended,409590,23228506,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MR.UNKNOWN,can't do aneything too much lag
76561198280601371,Not Recommended,409590,28649476,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ImaPrettyDuck,the frame rate is crap when my PC is better than the requirements and the mouses sensitivity is on its lowest setting and its still unplayable
76561197992712253,Not Recommended,409590,20687824,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dorpsloot,"To many bugs,animals walk trough your walls,you can not closed ,the doors of your buildings.bears walk in your house, en kill you.many things to do for a bether game."
,Not Recommended,409590,25356019,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,JonsDaBomb,"I absolutely HATE being the dude writing negative reviews... but to this point i haven't even played the game. loads up just fine, but crashes everytime I try to generate the world. tried restoring the game to no sucess, even redownloaded. very very very broken. I'll check back in a few months... perhaps then I can actually leave a review."
76561198043954576,Not Recommended,409590,23149768,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,jlatour,"pretty sure this is dead, dont waste your money"
76561198263741357,Not Recommended,409590,24408917,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dont Even Try,Blecch it suck is slow pretty much cancer waste of mony and you cant see anything and if u can even geta  log the bears will kill you because they are every whereplease give me a refund
,Not Recommended,409590,18735659,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,foolvictim,"*At first, the game looks like someone made a unity map, and then added a 3d npc models and animals, and made a save game system.*Game is not playable right now. You cant play, how can you play a game that there is no point.*I saw a couple animals walking on the water, and then i figured that i am the Jesus in game.*There is no crafting.*Completely singleplayer.*Bad animal animations.*I think this is a failure, you cant go anywhere with this game, there is no difference.If you continue to make this game, you will find out that youre making a bad version of Reign of Kings, plus singleplayer version.How can steam add a game like that? I cant trust this kind of developers.I think there is no future about this game.Will fail."
76561197999903275,Not Recommended,409590,23996969,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Archaic,"compared to other early access this game has to be the worst, not playable getting stuck everywhere gets pretty annoying.Update 3/24/2017Do not buy this game. waste of time and money. NO support and growth for this game“We want to release the final version in 16 month from now. During this year, we'll update KINGDOMS every month, adding more features.”is a LIE developer took our money and ran off to design another game"
76561198278022933,Not Recommended,409590,21209241,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,atibatolbert,it does run well on low end pc
76561198218886219,Not Recommended,409590,26671036,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rebelphonics,"The game is DEFINITLY more than not finished. The controlles are of if you have a magical mouse.. The menus are complete utterly gatbage. and if you have .0000001 percent of lag, say good by to cutting down trees, mining, everything."
76561197980792908,Not Recommended,409590,30716372,Posted: 24 March,all,Woolridge,"your typical abandoned EA garbage,i highly recommend staying away from this trash aswell as from his new project namely news tycoonhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/581220/?snr=1_7_15__13yes, it's the same developer under a different lable max peskov and oreol are just different pseudonyms for the same person (as if that fact alone wouldn't tell everyone enough...)EDITok apparently he changed the lable so that both titles now show oreol, but still doesn't change the fact that he fooled all his customers the hard way"
76561198022103663,Not Recommended,409590,33749875,Posted: 23 July,all,Bendablefeast,The hit detection is hilarious.
76561198308148665,Recommended,409590,29571952,Posted: 29 January,all,Altis Spinax(Trading RL),"freakin awesome, nice game runs smooth lags seldomly, but sadly you lose your old save fileswit heach new update."
,Not Recommended,409590,35190239,Posted: 24 September,all,radu_coruia,Full of bugs i want to apply for a refund waste of money i am very dissapointed
,Not Recommended,409590,27575404,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Potato Joe,Boring.not worth the 10 bucks
,Not Recommended,409590,23905425,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nice-Job-26,"Worst game ever played, even early access games can look good or plays fine.well this game does not have any of those points... Maybe the story or the goal of the game is good, but the graphics are way worse than on the video and believe me I do not have a bad pc.The engine is bad.The logic is worse than minecraft... (Yes that is possible)Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥NPC`s / AI is making nothing better.And for ♥♥♥♥ sake the whole controls and game does not have any logic!Some open spaces are not accessible.I was Jezus or something because I could walk on water, and badly the bear that killed me aswell.I chopped down a big ♥♥♥♥ing tree and what do I get?!  2 ♥♥♥♥ing wood!How the hack am I suppose to build a villiage? chop down whole zweden?!Maybe it doesnt look bad at all or you want to give it a shot... Well there is just one good anwser on that question and that would be:''Please, you better buy 10 chocolate bars than this ♥♥♥♥ing game, chocolate will hit eventually in the toilet and this will stay forever in you library...''I am glad that I bought it on sale because when I had paid the fullprice I would commit suicide.*most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ever tried.*1/1o"
76561198084380935,Recommended,409590,29562679,Posted: 29 January,all,BullDog86,Love this game
,Not Recommended,409590,32717082,Posted: 24 June,all,Synthie Pope,"Brilliant idea, poor execution (at this point) 4/10Reasons:- displacement bug is quite common thing, you might stuck under the surface or somewhere up in the sky and the only option to solve this problem is to start a new game;- it's impossible to change camera view (1st person is the only camera mode avaliable);- you have to change mouse sensitivity all the time in order to accomplish different tasks;- because of 2 previous reasons you (most likely) will get motion sickness almost instantly;- short repetetive sounds of creatures and some actions (like horse riding for example);- even powerfull PC will strugle to run game smoothly.In order to make this game playable adjustments should be made, such as:- addition of 3rd person look option;- camera and character control adjustments (like fixed mouse sensitivity for all actions);- changing of several sounds (now it's short repetetie sounds, which are annoying);- major game optimisations in order to make it run smoothly;- character arrival adjustments (sometimes ship disappear and you have to swim);- addition of full list of game controls.Conclusion:The main game idea is awesome, but there is long way to go, before it will be enjoyable. You can buy it in advance if there is discount or you just enjoy playing games like that, but don't expect it to be great (at this point). Even if your PC is highly  above game requirements, there will be severe lags and at some point game will not be playable what so ever."
76561198283857606,Not Recommended,409590,23088382,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,emmeloin,ITS SUCKS ITS NOT EVEN HALF DONE AND IT WILL TAKE LIKE 2 YEARS
76561198050178098,Not Recommended,409590,28266815,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Hoodoo Man,This game sucks. I have tried numerous times to just build a simple house and the game tells me to give it away or finish it. And then won't let me finish it. I have the materials but no option to finish it. I started a settlement and started out with a campfire and a tent then proceeded to make the well then made a simple house. But NO! I can't finsh the house because this game is so ♥♥♥♥ed up. I'm done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198146976199,Not Recommended,409590,24529456,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sir Alfee,This game sucks it lags and is very low detailed not worth the money!
76561198272987903,Not Recommended,409590,31078891,Posted: 11 April,all,Persian Immortal,graphics are poor this game is not well polished and the tutorial is somewhat vague. Hopefully when this game is done it will be a lot better.
76561198066519297,Not Recommended,409590,18861817,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Zamorak Dragon,dev baned me for saying this1. game seting when you die it wouldnt be the endhave easy mode-to hard core mode.2. to be able to pick were to start the game at or to see the world map even if it randomit be nice to know how it looks3. when your sleeping in your house people can tie you up and make u a slave in the minessay bandits4. have voice overs i offer to do that for a person5 have a story a iden is you and your dad are fighting in a war of the kingyour dad is part of a town who is the leader of the war ends with the king deathhis son have rights to the thone so thay all with not stand down and now make towns fortscaslte to fight for the thone before the dad passed a way he tells you may not be the king son but your what this kingdom needs if we all going to make it alifein the game your 16 years old at the time and have knights who are part of the town train you to fight as the 2 years pass the sons of the dead king have been besy in wars riseing armys killing people in thier name.6. being able to craft banders or flag
,Not Recommended,409590,24580694,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Stani_Katczinsky,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. sorry but it`s all I can say about it.Just... don`t buy it... you will regret it!
,Not Recommended,409590,23570695,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Shea,where is the refund button?
,Not Recommended,409590,28572996,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Art,Gmae of the refund year
76561198061567391,Not Recommended,409590,23846882,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Flameking3000,It just went with an unannounce big update 1.2GB in size now it'sborderline playable at least for a couple of hours now. Still not now I'll tell you when to buy
76561198073057218,Not Recommended,409590,22600772,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Ramsay Bolton,?
76561198015390097,Not Recommended,409590,18688639,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,sketchyd,"far from finished, glitchy graphics, combat is clunky, npcs seem mostly nonfunctional. wait a while for this one."
76561198040493498,Not Recommended,409590,32657099,Posted: 22 June,all,❤Serath❤,"good idea and lazyish executed, again.The graphics will give you a headache the characters look terrible, Fighting is pure pain.id seen an old guy try to fight a wolf backwards.... he died.Yeah there's bugs but the game engine is crap for this sort of thing it may get better in time but what thay have for resources sucks.it will be overtaken by mount & blade bannerlord by a long shot.i started it up i played for like 0.3hrs ._. that is all it took to annoy me.I have little hope for this game.Reasons:- it's impossible to change camera view (1st person is the only camera mode avaliable);- you have to change mouse sensitivity all the time in order to accomplish different tasks;- because of 2 previous reasons you (most likely) will get motion sickness almost instantly;- short repetetive sounds of creatures and some actions (like horse riding for example)- rudimentary designs and a basic UI, and it doesn't look very goodFor a game that started/ was released in 2015, It's incredibly basic. When you first start the your world, you walk around for hours to try and find NPCs to learn basic skills needed to do the simplest of tasks.Once you are lucky enough to learn a few basic starter skills you find yourself needing many more skills to make anything.be in mind it is E-A, id just watch it maybe it will actualy look nice in time.RN all i can say is screw it."
,Not Recommended,409590,26190483,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,RingoShun,Go buy lunch or support a team that actually cares.
76561198169549383,Recommended,409590,23992032,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LordHorace98,not a good game actually
76561198326080672,Not Recommended,409590,32486997,Posted: 16 June,all,colinbiard,"This game is un-playable.  The mouse sensitivity is so high, it is not possible to controle your charactor.  There is a slider bar to adjust it that doesn't change anything.  This game may be worth playing some day.  right now, it's too undeveloped.  Don't waste your money."
76561198037329993,Not Recommended,409590,33798265,Posted: 25 July,all,LionHoib,> Open the game> Eyes burn as I am assaulted by terrible UI> Power through and make a character> Only 4 choices for anything> Terrible options> Start game> onaboat.webm>5 minutes pass> stillonaboat.webm> Land> Pick some berries and spot a wolf> Attempt to equip anything> Equip pickaxe> Take damage> noreaction.jpeg> Swing for wolf 5 times> Nothing happens> Wolf humps leg> Dead> Uninstall game and request refund> Write reviewGreat game 32/5q3 would reccomend to nobody
,Not Recommended,409590,18681336,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ridrith,I refunded the game after playing for roughly twenty minutes.  I'm not super interested in buying a game and then banking on the potential that's there.  As it stands right now there's just not enough to warrant the purchase.  It was fun to get a look at what they're going for but until it gets further into development it's a waste of ten dollars to me.
76561198117778866,Not Recommended,409590,34276909,Posted: 16 August,all,MAGA,this♥♥♥♥♥♥is just un-blocky minecraft
76561198071415533,Not Recommended,409590,31739490,Posted: 13 May,all,gamertown 101,:(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
,Not Recommended,409590,18693399,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Soy kettlefish,"spawned into my world, accidently dropped my axe, axe didnt appear on ground, go back to main menu and start new game,spawn in, axe still not there.ALTF4 then restart steam and now it appears,will not play again 1/10"
76561198039409910,Recommended,409590,19113570,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Nuushba,Great game for early access.Only bad thing I can sayis it has bugs but thats early access for you!Warning to all those that buy: Bears are not freinds they may look peaceful but its a lie they want to eat you!
76561198010972442,Recommended,409590,18802721,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,yurisan=VX9=,love the game i think it will be a good onebut the task/quests or whatever they call it lol is a pain in the butti have 200 people in my town and trying to find then is a paini hope they can make it better/easy to do tasks then trying to find one guy in town of 200+ peoplebut the game i think it will get even better love it :)
76561198179525859,Recommended,409590,19268902,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,CripticCodex,"Great game, well constructed. keep up the good work Devs!"
76561198050230118,Recommended,409590,20938176,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,annefl,"Ive really enjoyed this game so far, its got a great concept and has a ton of potential. I'd recommend it to anyone interested in town building games or survival games. If you liked picking flowers or finding ore in skyrim than you'll have fun with this one. I also like all the options on the houses you can have.However it's still in the making and there are a few things needing improvement. The bears for instance, are everywhere! My character got killed 3 times just trying to find an ideal town. They even come in town so it feels a bit like they are just out to get you. I'd like to see more decorative additions too, like flower gardens and benches.But in all well worth the money and time, I hope the developers continue working hard on it, because it has os much promise."
76561198112590296,Recommended,409590,19792685,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,JerimiahLL,Its going to be fun to watch this game grow.
76561198063892744,Recommended,409590,20859467,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,onealone,"Once again an E/A game with some serious potential. I love the concept, the design and the promises.I just hope I don't have to go through what so many of us have experienced with E/A games of late.Keep in mind this is a sandbox game. The AI and missions do exist, but you will need to create your own content, ie.. fun with this game. I play survival games like ARK offline and solo so this isn't an issue for me. Just a heads up."
76561198149337330,Recommended,409590,20886953,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PinHead Larry,I like this game. It has some gameing potential for the future. It just needs more updates.
76561198251188708,Recommended,409590,20975488,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Will to live,"i got the game it didnt work, i go to reinstall it and i find out its on offer £1.50 off what i payed!but it looked like a really good game."
76561198042000299,Recommended,409590,21112808,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,incurilium,If the devs make it right - it could be a little bit simpler type of life is feudal for singleplayer - but with a populated world. I like the concept and am glad to have supported the devs. good comunication on steam what they are working on. Listening to playerbase. Yet again - its early stages - don't expect too much.
76561198160585881,Recommended,409590,21712444,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ConvinientSanta,Wait a bit and buy it later. It has plenty off potential but it's still in early accsess so there's not much to do(yet).
76561198187103026,Recommended,409590,21674603,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,gretchenlokey,just to let you know it crashed first it froze then bam it crashed if you can fix it please do so soon.
76561198081456819,Recommended,409590,21720217,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,np66uh,I love the game in Early access game like its is but i am very happy to see the final game.100% for now
76561198207256268,Recommended,409590,20985196,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,demonof1989,"everytime i launch the game, it wont load beyond the initial loading bar and the game crashes. i am certain that i would love this game if only i could play it..."
76561198141373488,Recommended,409590,20424311,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,"Snake God, God of Snakes","This game is pretty fun, actually. The graphics are nice, and gameplay's okay. I understand that this is still in developement, so it still has it's bugs. I really look forward to the finished product of this game!"
,Recommended,409590,20105025,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kevoo o O o O o n,"The game at is current state is fun. buggy, but fun and no where near done. altough the game doesnt have much content yet the dev(s) are working hard contsantly with the community to create a great game. May not look like much now but expect this game on the top sellers list soon."
76561198025821369,Recommended,409590,20470453,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,houndofhell03,"Very Early Alpha Review: The Game is new so it has bugs and is not complete. That said even in the bug ridden world there arequests,EXP/Levels,NoGoblins and stuff. The potential if the build on the ideas they have already in place. IE Trading, Farming, Exloring, Mining etc..this game is going to be sick."
76561198006514195,Recommended,409590,20500885,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Monsteri,I do not recommend this game at the moment. Expecially since alot of the players that have gotten this game have been disapointed about the stage that the game is in.This however seems not to be the fault of the game but instead the players. Early acces means early acces. It means that there will be alot of or almost all features missing.I would understand the negativity if this was already a finished game but this is far from it.What this game does is it gives us a vision of a great game coming in the future. A game that you should really follow up and see what happens. The idea of a first person survival game that combines strategy is just priliant and expecially something that I have been waiting for a long time.I think this consept should have been introduced to us already in  GTA San Andreas. Once you become the head of a criminal organisation it should show.At the moment the Ai does not really do anything. They just walk around occasionally carrying things and mostly just sit.I would hope that after the next patch of grafting they would implement AI that actually does the work in the village.If you ad war and diplomacy between settlements to that and coop or vs multiplayer this game starts to be very close to a perfection.Until that however this is just and interesting promise of a good game.
76561198134717697,Recommended,409590,20010105,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Glory In The Grey,This game is cool I hope they add large scale battles and things
,Recommended,409590,20122631,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[RGN] John Snow,"I wish there was a ""MEH"" button. Because that is my honest feeling. I know the game is in early acess. I know the game has a long time before it is ready for prime time.But i like the idea of this survival game incorperating lots of NPCs and i look foreward to see where that goes. Now for the 10.99 i dont see 10.99 as a huge investment in my opinion if my 10.99 helps this dude or studio flesh out there idea its worth it to me. Hell i would have just otherwise spent the money on beer."
76561198040238655,Recommended,409590,18995629,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,babragorn,"Even it is at a very early stage, this game has a lots of potential, this is why i bought it to help the developers to keep working on it :)"
76561198039442488,Recommended,409590,24419056,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Caboose,"Equally costs me 2 packs of chips here, and i'd enjoy this game longer than the packs of chips.I've enjoyed this early access despite its little bugs and faults, but understanding the complex learning curve after your first playthrough.it may take a couple of tries or a long ""look though"" to see how everything works, but i do hope to see this early access will improve much more but in thier own way as it is now. to be honest you will have to have patients with the begining of the game, because it is slow yes, and you want to get STRAIGHT into building your settlement and everything, but i love how you do build yourself up to the point in where you see how much your settlement grows after the hard early begining of your journey.but like i said it does need an improvement in mechanics or just smoothen out the controls a bit more, or something, maybe the next update or something.if i could elaborate more, if i could do videos or something i would."
76561198198722557,Recommended,409590,26558640,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nightofsparta,with a few big updates i think this game will go far in life
76561198254607920,Recommended,409590,21130547,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Cereal-Killer,I like a game with concept...umm what i mean is a game with expandable or improvement AI...im sure this game have potential to be great and awesome...8/9Worth to buy.
76561198098613552,Recommended,409590,29178699,Posted: 11 January,all,Septadius,"For being this early, it isn't bad. If the Devs stay with it, I see a really awesome game in the future.I've hit a few small bugs, but the hour and a half that I've played so far has been fun. I'll be watching this game closely."
,Not Recommended,409590,23479081,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Kiritorad-Radetza,"This game has not updated in forever... do not buy I am going to get a refund cuz this game is bad, great idea but forgotten and should not be bought. Not guide or control list just throws u in a world and u gotta pray u press something and remember."
76561198193643683,Recommended,409590,28319424,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Matt,the game is on of my favorites because it has many aspect other similar games lack.Be advised still in Alpha
76561197993760184,Recommended,409590,28843183,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Primus,"A very good idea  behind the game, I wanted such game for a very long time, hope they make it right in the end!Good lucj to the devs"
76561198117354285,Recommended,409590,28732887,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ChipMastaQC,"Very Very Promising game! Cant wait for more. Very not that buggy for an early access, A lot more to do yes but i defenitely reccommend forr what it is yet! very impressive coming from a small team at Oreol!"
76561198087204933,Not Recommended,409590,19915319,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Hawksman49,"updated review: This game was hard to review at first release but i've finaly come to a conclusion.Upside it has a bright future, downside there have been no patch releases since November of 2016 & that there is very little to do at the moment, I acknowledge this is in Alpha stage.I was enjoying the game and the gameplay and interaction so i'm going to say yes although i do feel the game needs alot of work done on it especially on the bugs. I've encountered more and more common bugs & glitches including walking on water and not being able to see anything on your map even if you create a new world.Bottom line: too many bugs and no action has been taken in a long time. Until this gets addressed this game can't be recommended."
76561198030825885,Not Recommended,409590,21322690,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Micky 'One Punch' O'Neil,"Dead project:DO NOT BUY, MONEY TAKEN DEVELOPMENT STOPPED.....DEAD PROJECT:DO NOT BUY...."
76561198116211804,Recommended,409590,21822594,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Viper 55,"Alright, i've been  a bit too harsh. This game's not currently good but, give it some time. (lots of time.) The potential is there and, they do seem to be working on  it."
76561198067783662,Not Recommended,409590,21980175,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,i-pooped-my-thong,"I have been following this game for awhile, the concept is cool but its still very buggy in its current state. The game runs great at first but after a bout an hour you get around 27 - 13 fps. Im running an i7 4700 gtx 860 videocard and 8 gigs of ram.  I will continue to follow this game when bugs are fixed and more content is added.edit: 12/22/2016 game was updated awhile ago, i must say as singleplayer games go this one is headed in an interesting direction. still buggy but runs alot faster. im eager to see where the game goes.new feature that i liked was you can recruit people from your village, but sometimes if theyre standing to close and you have your weapon drawn they all attack. not the most convienent when youre being attacked by animals.edit: 2/21/2017 been awhile since ive seen an update for this game or even any news for that matter... im starting t think this game has become abandoned."
76561198072291801,Not Recommended,409590,23432481,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jesper Meinhardt,"i like the way the world is alive and it is OK graphics but the fact that my items bug away so that after an hour i have nothing else than my bow thats is also the only weapon i can craft, wich is freaking difficult to hit with, it really destroys the game, i cant find any console so that you are able to spawn yourself new stuff, it takes hours to lvl up, so unless you want to spend hours of hours at nothing interesting else than chopping wood and picking berries, for sure dont buy the game.. but if you like walking arround in an open world just exploring this is an awesome game atm. hopefully this will get better, and hopefully the will add at least a horse at spawn"
76561198315189147,Not Recommended,409590,26525949,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,StunePlotte,no updates
76561198166923869,Recommended,409590,31786970,Posted: 16 May,all,Danksta,It's a nice game.. well it has lot's of bugs but it's early access so it's doesn't really matter
76561198245092334,Recommended,409590,31772323,Posted: 15 May,all,Taku de Raven,It is an interesting game i am looking for!
,Recommended,409590,18651378,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Vadio,"I guess dev is back and start work hard againOfcourse i can change this reviews in future to No or keep in YesAbout game itself alot others review be helpfull , to me is kind game i want seeRPG , FPS , IA driven you not hero or god just normal people need do stuffs to survive"
76561198039107774,Recommended,409590,28931543,Posted: 1 January,all,Somewhat Gay Pirate,"Just bought the game and i cant even load a new world, im just floating in emptyness... i dont know if anyone else has this issue or its just me.2017 update: After i got pass the glitch long ago, i must say the game as def got more dimension after the last update. NPC animations look better, making it feel like they are doing something. They do very minimal to nearly nothing. They will try and build a house but rarely finish unless theyre near a forest then in which case the odds are more likley but its EA.Tip: More updates more often. This game is one of a kind imo. Only hinderance is lack of continual updates which i understand the dev have other projects but wish this was their primary."
76561198060450513,Recommended,409590,25140768,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Sedeena/Evelyn,"I originally gave this game a negative review.  I bought into the early access of this game just after it was open to the public on Steam.  My main issue (aside from not really being anything to do in the game at the time) was that development was so slow as to almost seem non-existent.  After a year's time, from a content stand point it really just didn't seem like this game was going to go anywhere.  However, recently I have been watching the updates for this game and I've got to say that I am really impressed with all of the bug fixes and additions.  I know it can't be true given all of the bug fixes in the past, but it really feels like in the last two months now, the devs have tripled the content in the game.  Props for getting things moving.  I am looking forward to seeing this game continue to move forward.  Game is now running smoothly for me, with plenty of things to keep me busy, thanks!  Kingdoms no longer feels like a lost cause game, it is now something that I am looking forward to playing."
76561198168548007,Recommended,409590,32775568,Posted: 25 June,all,ankour15,"Although it's in early access, this game is awesome, and worth every penny (if not more)... hopefully it will just keep getting better :) .... I just wish I knew how to recruit soldiers -_-"
76561197989991633,Recommended,409590,32760903,Posted: 25 June,all,muss,"I was hesitant when I saw the overall reviews, but then I noticed the recent reviews are very positive. Went in not expecting much, ended up playing like 10 hours today. It took me like 30 min to find out the story behind this game's development, which gives some sense to the earlier negative reviews. However, considering that the game is cheaper than a pint right now, it's a v good deal.Gameplay wise, it is a great game if you like M&B, it's like being inside a town in M&B but instead of a city it's a whole gigantic island. The newest negative reviews echo the negative reviews of M&B (i.e. graphics, slow start, soemtimes buggy, etc.), kind of sad because it might discourage people to try it.Kind of sad that a bunch of big early access games becoming practically abandonware (looking at you DayZ) seem to be ruining the purpose of EA and people's perception of it, which is supporting games like this. But that is another discussion, I guess.TL;DR If you like M&B you will like this. If you don't know M&B but like old school open world games, and have 7$ to spare, get this."
76561198021226205,Recommended,409590,18705656,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,treycox33,"UPDATE!! The Dev has made a complete turnaround. We now get daily updates: contant and fixes. He is on the forum daily to aswer q's and give insight.What's Better:-Graphics-Gameplay-Content-Horses you can ride-NPC's join your army and guard-Stores, taverns, smiths, bakeries and wood/storeworks run by NPC-Trade-Farming-GuardtowersPick it up and support a great concept that has become a game you can enjoy"
76561198021875087,Recommended,409590,30684443,Posted: 23 March,all,Icebox,"Changing from thumbs down to thumbs up.   Seeing the dev follow up and put out those updates on a regular basis, looks like Kingdoms is back on track."
,Recommended,409590,23429216,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,warkrimes 101,"It began with a great concept.  Then it had very rough edges that made people doubt its future.  It felt rather unplayable and slow for a long time.  However, with the community's patience and support, and the hard work of the developer, it's really starting to turn into a fun game.  Please, give a try if you haven't.  Please, give it a try, again, if you did before and didn't like it.  Still needs a lot of work, but the commitment of the developer is uncommon and appreciated!"
76561198053433935,Recommended,409590,34768056,Posted: 5 September,all,Definitely Not Sceadufax,"I bought this game randomly and ended up playing for almost 8 hours straight. I really feel like this game has a lot of potential. I like it so much, in fact, that I kind of don't want to burn myself out on it until it has developed a little bit more. I really like the open ended aspect of it and you have the freedom to be whatever you want to be. I like the merchant aspect of it, but as of right now there doesn't really seem to be anything to spend my hard earned gold on. I'd really like to see some further customization in this aspect such as setting prices for the items and making an allowed/disallowed list of items that NPC's can barter with. I really don't need anymore ripe tomatoes or unrefined stone, thanks. The food/cooking system can be expanded. The housing/crafting section can be expanded. I mean really, this game has a lot of potential. The interface could use an overhaul imo, I don't like having to open up the menu to view my hunger, health, and stamina each time but I know this is a work in process. Very much am liking."
76561198006535757,Recommended,409590,30132204,Posted: 23 February,all,Yamun Khan,"At first the game held promise, info was coming in at least in an understandable amount of time. Now, the dev is mostly silent with the admins seeming to believe he is still passionately about a game they admit he has set aside to work on another game instead.I can not recommend this game at this time.. as this game hasn't really made any leaps and strides with it's updates since it's release. Everything that has been added in is basic in every form, be it villager ai.. when it works, to the combat system. There is still the same bugs in the game as before, such as floating villagers, most villagers don't even work if they are a member of your town, none in your town even acknowledges you as the leader and tells you to get lost. The quest half the time work, with needing a fresh restart to get them to hopefully work.Until he finishes News Tycoon that he been working on for a bit now, which has been about four months already, this game is pretty much dead and abandoned.UpdateHe is now back to updating the game monthly and being talkative in the forums once more. He tends to update the update-testing branch daily now. With how much this game has changed since the long period of silence and the amount of work being done to it, I can safely recommend this game now."
76561198052271091,Recommended,409590,34916360,Posted: 13 September,all,Jehtte,"This isn't so much a game yet, but rather a proof of concept.  I definitely recommend it for two reasons:The game immediately sets itself apart from the rest with it's leveling system and overall feel.  Health doesn't increase, and while there isn't anything stopping you from getting all the skills, it would take months of leveling.  This particular system will be MUCH more appropriate when either the AI is improved or multiplayer is implented.  As is, the drawback is that you really can't count on NPCs to get anything done for the settlement.This game has the potential to be absolutely incredible if even rudimentary versions of the planned features are implemented.  Again, the proof is here.  We can start our own village, kill other village leaders and claim their villages as our own.  We can become bandits and kill and loot villagers.  It all needs to be refined a little, but that's the whole point of early access.Bottome line: don't pay the $10 hoping for gold.  Pay the $10 for a few hours of good fun and to support this game."
76561198140558503,Recommended,409590,34958725,Posted: 14 September,all,kbunk,nice start. after level 12-15 ish it gets repetitive and seems to be lacking something.... haven't relly got into battling and that mite be whats next to do..... more game play time will tell.
,Recommended,409590,34923335,Posted: 13 September,all,Cuckman John,Still in early developement but already makes for a very good play even without having all of the planned content implemented. It is the game that I have been looking for for a long time and looking forwards to future updates.
76561198295728024,Recommended,409590,34554389,Posted: 28 August,all,lord lemmins,GG
,Recommended,409590,34563230,Posted: 28 August,all,Professor Cheng,"I mean you can already do a decent amount, there just needs to be way more detail in all of the areas (weapon crafting, items, plants, alchemy, building, useful interior structures, etc) and once politics are involved it will feel more purposeful. Overall pretty fun for an early access, put it on the watch list if you dont want to buy it at the current stage itll be worth it completed"
,Recommended,409590,19874040,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kimbo JR,"Easy people ! this game deserves some time, don't be so quick when you're judging it. Ok, a lot of problems can occur now but they are working on them. You all should know that when you're buying an early access game, it means it is still developing, so don't judge it like it's done.2017 edit : Years passed nothing has changed about the game, devs just stopped caring about this game...09.17 edit : Yet, suddenly they started doing good, promising again, keep up guys, Thumbs Up ! (For now)"
76561197962541439,Recommended,409590,34892796,Posted: 11 September,all,SunBrewedIcedTea,"Great game so far.  The plans for  new content by the developers will make the game even better.  I recommend, especially at this price, but likely needs a few months (I recommend buying and stashing for the winter)."
76561197987187754,Recommended,409590,35359448,Posted: 30 September,all,SPQR_CAESAR,"I like the game and it definetely has potential, the problem is that the game is kinda boring until they add the kingdoms thingy to allow battles between them. In it's current state It's a bit boring to be honest, all what you do is just build the town and thats it. It feels like it has no goals, gets pretty repetitive."
76561198279816286,Recommended,409590,35402881,Posted: 1 October,all,JRgamer,"This is a great game with what i would say much potential. although it has limited content, this is a great game so far. There are numerous bugs here and there but is in early acces so it is to be expected, i just hope they add more content soon because as soon as you put atleast 2-3 0r more hours into learning the game and building or even messing around it does get boring after a while."
76561198277791565,Recommended,409590,26459433,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,kristian.fa,its´s a good game that needs improvements ofcoarse i understand now what early access means.Thanks for the comments everyone.is it possible to add tree walls or stone walls soon?
76561198014272255,Recommended,409590,35501572,Posted: 5 October,all,JustShawn,It's coming along. Great ideas. Still has a long way to go but is something worth keeping an eye on.
76561198057078535,Not Recommended,409590,34945590,Posted: 14 September,all,QT,"This game is very aesthetically pleasing.Since it's still in early access there is still parts in the game that seem un-natrual.Like the settlers building on roads or being snotty brats after you've helped them.Beware of bears, you can hear them almost everywhere. Their rawr is so unsettling that you could possibly sh*t your pants. Waiting for villages to pop up is so freaking annoying. And once they do they're everywhere. The barter system is broken. I can see settlers using the shop even though no one runs it. The game also isnt updated as frequently as I would like to see..I think in order to improve gameplay drastically.You guys could animate the settlers of the players boat getting off and setting camp on the nearby beach. And in the morning the captian gives direactions to the nearby settlment that they're going to build. Overall the game looks realistic.. so you want the interactions with the world to be simple but realistic. Simple meaning easy to use.I hope my review helps someone."
76561198218499900,Recommended,409590,35503462,Posted: 5 October,all,CapSova,"Great game, great idea. Keep up the good work guys. This game is bursting with potential, and there is obviously great talent behind it. I can easly see it as one of my favorite games in the future.  ;)"
