user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011891156,Recommended,409890,23442140,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jargonaut,"I have been playing this game for the past 7 hours and am totally enjoying it.I am an old school RPG gamer, and love this game because it is very immersive.Even on beginner's difficulty, the game is pretty hard, and some of your players can get knocked out.My level 2 Wizard was knocked unconcious during one of the battles, and I have to be hospitalized for another 22 game hours. So, I have to create an alternate Wizard to fill in the role. I loved this.Grinding and leveling is SLOW!!!. After 7 hours my characters are at level 3 and hoping to get to level 4 anytime now, so that I can learn new skills. I have to play CAREFULLY as I do not want any other characters to be hospitalized.I also loved an interesting feature in this game, where you can AMBUSH monsters who are TRANSPORTING equipment. This is the best way to get new low level gears for my starting party.  At this point, gold is hard to come by, and it will take forever to save enough gold to buy any kind of decent gears. So, ambushing monsters for gears is such a viable and interersting alternative !!!!The game universe seems big, and I look forward to spending several hundred hours in such an immersive gameworld. I will post a few update reviews once I play more of this game.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Updated ReviewHere is an update of the game. I have now spent 86 hours and am really loving this game very much. Here are more interesting features of this game1. Rolling for hours for optimal bonus points.It has been many years since the Wizardry games, that I have been so actively trying to roll for the dice for my starting characters. You are given a choice of different age (10-99) which will affect your life points and bonus points. Bonus points also varies greatly due to random dice roll, and can vary from 4 to 17, for me. Supposedly there are people who can roll 30, but that has NEVER happened to me after 100 tries. However, 17 bonus point is enough for me to built an extremely powerful character, that can max out their primary stats at level 8. Wow, talking about the great difference rolling makes in this game!!!2. Planning and implementing Class Changes.You can have a team of 6 members and are allowed to change classes 5 times during the game(10 class changes if you include newgame+). This make for very interesting strategic decisions that you can make. You have to plan way ahead. It make sense to select the race and maxed out the primary attributes base on the FINAL class of the team member.  For example, if your final class is a Wizard, it make sense to set the race to Elf and try to maxed out intelligence to 33, even  if your starting class can be a Cleric or a Dancer. So foresight and planning is a MUST in this game, which make it really interesting.3. Playing cautiously and keeping on your toes.This game really keep me on my toes, because I team members can lose life points anytime they are knocked unconcious and may turn into butterflies (the game way of telling you about PERMANENT death). This is exerbated by the fact that you can only save at 1 location, which is inside the stranger guild. So,  whenever I pick up some nice loots or gears, I have to worry about NOT dying until I make it back to the guild. If any of my character dies or fall unconcious, it is a necessary game RELOAD for me, thus wasting hours of gameplay, or lost of certain precious loot. I am playing at beginner's difficulty and it is still that challenging and FUN.4, Farming massive XP from respawning monsters.This is a wonderful feature of the game and is really fun. It is just not mindless hack and slash, but careful playing. You can actually get a humongous amount of XP if you keep the last respawning monster alive until he calls for allies and then you can kill him. I have heard of people who got 70,000 XP in a fight through careful gameplay. There are battles that can take hours and become extremely profitable. However, there are time when I was tired and got one of my team members killed after hours of XP farming. If I use my oldies team (age 60+) that has 1 life point, I will have to reload the game due to permanent death and waste the hours of farming. If I use my young team, they are not as powerful. All these considerations are interesting strategic tradeoffs that you need to consider, making this game really FUN.So, here is my update after 100+ hours!!! This game is really fun, and I will give another update after another 50 hours or so."
,Recommended,409890,23432142,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"If you like your eastern JRPGs that are weird and hard, the one (and really only) good reason to own a Vita , this game is very much a JRPG from Vita. It's the standard dungeon crawl like the Etrian series or Persona Q, but the game gives no ♥♥♥♥♥ about giving you nearly unbeatable enemies right off the bat where your only real option is to run away and then come back into the dungeon hoping to get some easier enemies to grind on to gain XP and what not.It's got an interesting mechanic where you can ambush the enemies (which you do get to see the enemies level and what not before deciding to fight or not) to gain loot (which rarely or never drops from non ambushed enemies).I am fully enjoying this game, but be warned it is definitly a eastern JRPG and not a western JRPG, expect grinding, lots and lots of grinding. And if your allies die in battle you can rez them in town but at the cost of them being out of commition for a while, and even then you have a very limited amount of times you can do that unless you then send them to replace their LP (which some allies might only have one which means first death is that character is gone forever, ones that have two you can rez once and then gone forever or rez once and then send them back to the hospital to get their life counter reset which takes them out of commition for even longer then rezing them.It's not a must buy, its very much a game you would expect to be on Vita (which it is) but it is really enjoyable for what it is.  And one last time if you don't like eastern JRPGs avoid this like the plague it was not westernized at all."
,Recommended,409890,23426732,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Strykerx88,"UPDATE:Now that I'm 16 hours in, I have a better feel for it, and my opinion hasn't changed.  The game is pretty well balanced and playing on normal difficulty (which is still nice and challenging), I haven't run into any ridiculous difficulty spikes (outside of the random encounters that toss enemies at you that are 20+ levels above your party).There are some cheap tactics in the enemy AI, like criticals and requiems (basically unavoidable instant death attacks if they land) which will annoyingly cost your party members significant recovery time.  This detracts a tiny bit, but once you learn which monsters do these things, you can take some preventative measures by buffing your avoidance, but it's not always a guarantee.There are a few OP skills, some of which you can get pretty early on.  Ninja's illusion, for example, while not directly OP in terms of damage output, its effectiveness at avoiding all kinds of damage to your party members makes it difficult to not use every turn.  There are also a few class/skill combinations that allow you to crush random ecounters a bit too handily.  Overall though, this doesn't detract from the enjoyment of the game.The overall message of this review remains clear:If you enjoy party format first person turn based dungeon crawlers(goodness, what a long winded definition)you will love this game.Old initial impressions below:Based on a 4 hour initial playthrough, this game is definitely for anyone that enjoys party based, turn based dungeon crawlers.Combat is turn based in the form of rounds, highest agility with the highest chance of going first.  Party member size is six, so you get a good variety of classes/skills going on in a group.  You can also change classes whenever you feel like after paying a fee, and you retain any skills you learned from the prior class which you can equip on your new class (there are limited slots).It's pretty obvious that this is a port, as the graphics aren't all that great depending on the resolution you use (the higher, the more muddy they get, running at 25x14 it looks simply okay).  There are no issues with fonts, but the character overlay and info boxes in battle do look a bit too large when running fullscreen.  There is both western and weeb art, so fans of both can use whichever they like.The game is nice and difficult.  I'm playing on a normal playthrough, and while I haven't had any deaths in the party, I've been extremely cautious in avoiding them due to the life point/permadeath system.  If your members die too many times, they are gone for good, so it's best to play it safe and leave a dungeon to get healed up/identify items/sell.I'll update this more as I play through further and can offer a better review, but so far in the first four hours, this game is a godsend for those who love turn based dungeon crawlers!"
,Recommended,409890,23476980,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Knut Peterson,"TL:DR- If you like the JRPG combat format, this is the game for you.(First Reaction- game not yet complete)Aesthetics-The aesthetics of this game are miraculous. The game has two sepparate art directions you can choose from. First is the gorgeous artwork of Tsukamoto Yoko, a realistic style that breathes life into the characters. You can also choose the artwork of Oxijiyen, whose artwork leans on a cartoonish style. The ability to choose between these two, and the fact that you can choose both simultaneously, allows the player to choose which style(s) that the player wishes to explore the world with.The art for the world is not quite at the same level though. Backdrops in fights are interesting, but not near the level of finese Tsukamoto gives to the characters. While difference areas of a dungeon do have their own backdrops, there is no variance in a single area. This matters because the game requires grinding in order to efficiently progress. The world, it feels, is one of the most neglected characters of this game.The art for the dungeons is abysmal. The texture quality is terrible, a quality that is amplified due to the quality of the character art that is visible while traversing these dungeons.Gameplay-The Gameplay is twofold. There is no innovation on the surface of this game: it appears as a standard JRPG. What sets this game apart is the power the player has over the characters. The player has complete control over every member of the party, allowing the player to choose the class and stats of all party members. Characters may also have their class changed, which allows the character to take the knowledge they gained from their previous class, and use some of that with the new class. This system allows for the intellegent creation of hybrids, allowing each of your characters to truly develop into someone who can rightfully claim themselves as a member of the Chosen One's party.The system may be fantastic, but the controls for the game are awful. The PC port is lackluster, with very little attention given to allow comfortable controlling with Mouse and Keyboard. The clanky controls really detract from the game: f.e. menus that do not have a leave option, so the player has to press Esc to return to a previous menu.Character creation is absolutely awful. Additional Starting Stat Points for characters is based on an RNG roll that is weighted towards low stats. This does not add to the player's experience in any positive way. Either the player sinks a lot of time attempting for a high roll, or the character that is created is objectively weaker than a character that got a higher roll. This is only multiplied by the fact that the player can maintain a roster of 16 player created characters, all of whom may vanish due to the permadeath mechanic present in the game.One point that may be a con against this game for some people is the grind. I lost my very first playthrough, on the first lineage (without Riu), because I did not grind levels and gear. I have had a blast grinding for gear and levels, due to the ""hiding"" mechanic, but this is not the game for people who do not enjoy the JRPG combat style, as you will be need to grind many a trash mob with the system.Narrative-The story is very stereotypical. You play as The Chosen One, who entered a fantasy world due to mysterious circumstances. It is your duty to fufill your role as a chosen one... we get it.The interesting part of the narrative are the characters. Specifically the other Chosen Ones and the Vessels. These characters have great personalities, and the voice actors do a really good job embodying these personalities.Unfortunately, the great freedom the gameplay gives the player hampers the story. The MC may be a silent protagonist, but the MCs companions are emotionless puppets who have no effect at all on anything. They are merely there to aid the MC accomplish the role of a Chosen One.Music-Uninspiring. For me the test on a soundtrack is ""Would I buy this sepparately?"" and the answer is a stern ""No."" No single track stands out, and I find myself listening to other music while grinding.Verdict-If you enjoy the JRPG combat format, this is the game for you. Otherwise, you may want to pass it up. Obnoxious controls, lackluster dungeon art, and really terribly designed character creation put stains on an otherwise enjoyable JRPG experience."
76561198028822780,Recommended,409890,30347364,Posted: 5 March,all,Nurse Michael,"Excellent game for those who like the single player experience of a jrpg dungeon crawler.Focus lies on tactical decisions in battles. The story is nice and holds everything together, but is not as elaborate as those in for instance a Final Fantasy game.You create a hero and pretty early in the game you make your party of 6 warriors, with a lot of customization. Choose among 8 classes. Multiclass to up to 5 classes at once. And all classes are useful!Pro's:- Long game, im at 30 hours and I expect to be half-way or a bit over- Replay value in the decisions you make for which special powers and classes you will use.- Expansive customization in the creation of your party. Mix and match it together the way you want!- Difficult game! The world is status quo, and if you bring a wrong setup or are underleveled, you will die quickly.- Grinding can be done fast with the fast battle mode, where your heroes and monsters all hit each other in rapid succession. A great way to save time!- I love the music and art. Music is vocal and orchestrated, gives great atmosphere. Art is a mix of anime and realism in a healthy mix.Con's:- Items in the shop are limited. No restocking. What you use is what you lose.- Grinding is required if you make wrong choices or lose key characters- The difficulty can be a con if you feel you get stuck. Some boss battles are a real pain if you dont know whats coming. Fortunately, there is always the internet for some helpful hints and tips.Overall: 9/10 for the single player jrpg dungeon crawler experience, with great music and atmosphere. Recommended for everyone who is into this game genre!"
76561198009051712,Recommended,409890,23458251,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Unknown,"Hey guys!Here's my first impressions about this game on PC. (I already played this one on the vita)Stranger of Sword City is a first person dungeon crawler.So far it runs pretty well with no problems whatsoever. While it doesn't look good in the 3D department, the 2D art looks really pretty. Another thing I loved about the art was the option to choose between a more traditional ""Japanese look"", like the ones you usually see in most animes and Japanese games (characters with big eyes, childish looking etc...) and another option to make the characters look more ""mature"". Both look great, so choose the one you prefer. This can be changed anytime so don't worry.The control scheme works like a charm whether you're playing with a keyboard or with your mouse.Another pretty cool thing I noticed about the PC version it's the ability to upload your own images to your game.This way you can have any party member you want, even yourself :pNow about the game itself, while it has a good setting, I think the story could have been a little more interesting.Personally I found it to be lacking. They could have told you more about the world and characteres you meet.The gameplay is where the game shines anyway so nothing is lost here.I found it to be challenging and fun. Instead of marching toward your enemies like crazy, this game actually makes you think about your actions before engaging them in combat and sometimes it will force you to retreat.There's permanent death in this game so don't let your characters fall in combat too many times :pWell that deppends on their age.When creating a character you will be able to choose their age.The younger that character is, the less bonus points you can give them at the start but on the good side, they take less time to recover in the infirmary when they fall in battle. Also, they can go down more times in battle.If they are old, the opposite happens, they have more extra points at the begining but if they go down in battle, they are lost forever.While there's enough variety in terms of dungeons and enemies, there's lack of variety on things to do.Sadly there aren't any side quests in this game. Basically you just move from point A to point B killing random enemies and Lineage types.I think it would have been more fun if you had more stuff to do while exploring those dungeons.So as my final verdict, I recommend this one for those who love Japanese games and first person dungeon crawlers.Stranger of Sword City is challenging, requires strategy and most of all it's fun to play."
76561198006653128,Recommended,409890,23731348,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ssfsx17,"First-person grid-based turn-based party dungeon crawler. It has an automatic mapping system, and constantly displays the minimap, making the game much more accessible to casuals compared to Etrian Odyssey or Elminage: Gothic. It also has a beginner mode for casuals to enjoy the story, and plenty of brutally-hard content and character building for the hardcore Wizardry fans.It has a decent story with voice acting, and beautiful gritty artwork."
,Not Recommended,409890,23478417,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Kazimir Iskander,"This is one of the WORST dungeon crawlers I've ever played in my life, and I play a lot of terrible JRPG dungeon crawlers.The Good:The art is very nice. I can say the same about a lot of phone games though.Everything is voice-acted.You can auto-path.There is a ""repeat previous actions"" button, which is smart enough to cycle through things like the charging requirement on attacks that need it. (The fighter can Concentrate, then Rush, then Concentrate, then Rush...)The Bad (AKA stuff I just didn't like)Races are pigeonholed and yet a purely mechanical choice. Your looks are from a preset portrait list, which are not bound by race (woo?).For a game that lets you look/sound like any race/gender you want, regardless of your actual race/gender (yay progressiveness!), it has a terrible customization system...Select a portrait and voice. The portraits are paperdoll-like matches, showing that customization was a dropped feature.How can such a pretty game have such horrendous UI? Everything that looks like a button isn't, and the buttons are off in the corner with no labels. Using a consumable resets the menu.Extremely heavy-handed tutorial. No in-world blockades, but the NPC chastises you every time you take a step in the wrong direction and pushes you back.Items are not sorted. Gear and consumables in one pile.Enemies ""hesitate"" and ""stand motionless"" at random. I suspect it's a lack of valid moves.The Ugly (AKA Reasons to actively hate this game)NO REBINDS AND NO BUTTON INFO. It's a VITA port so all the tutorial information and prompts are in ""Number Button"" form, which are randomly assigned on the keyboard with no indications.Main character is locked as Human race with a specific talent and layout, making him subpar at anything you choose to use him for. (Choose Tank, since he's he's immune to permadeath.)During character creation, there is a ""bonus point"" pool which you can allocate to your stats. This pool can be rerolled infinitely, but is heavily weighted towards low rolls. ~95% minimum roll, LESS THAN 0.1% chance of rolling max (+5?).Age is a 3-point slider pretending to be a 10-99 point slider, with the options of: ""Young, 3 lives, no bonus"", ""Adult, 2 lives, small bonus"", and ""Old, 1 Life, +3 to minimum roll on the above infinite rerolls."".Consumables perform a skill instead of saying what they do. I hope you happen to have a character that can do that thing...OH WAIT THE SKILL DESCRIPTIONS ARE JUNK TOO.Allied AoE abilites hit a row or one per row. Enemy AoE hits the entire party.Enemies have infinite mana. A single mana potion is worth more than your party and is 1/3 of your BASE mana.Every consumable, every weapon, every piece of gear, even boss drops need identification, which can fail and ""curse"" the item, locking it until you get to town, so getting an upgrade in the field is a complete crapshoot.Random encounters and forced encounters use the same pool. Delves will be ended by a totally ludicrous collection of enemies, with no way through except restarting the dungeon entirely (can't just farm, since mana is a precious resource and you WILL use it.) or being equally ludicrously overleveled when you arrive. I repeat: THESE ARE UNAVOIDABLE ENCOUNTERS THAT RANDOMLY HAVE FROM 2 ENEMIES to 12, PLUS LEADERS, and when encountered are ""locked"", so they won't reroll until you restart the dungeon.Large battles will kill you on turn 1-2, since if they have any casters, you are taking partywide damage that you can't block.Large battles that you survive take forever, since most enemies can ""call for help"" and do so whenever they are in a back row.Enemy level =/= Player Level. A level 10 party can mop the floor with level 20+ enemies, then die to a super-evasive AoE attacking flying enemy.Nowhere in combat are enemy types available to view. Kind of a big deal, as they completely ignore your attacks unless you have the right element or enchantment.No saving during dungeons or from menus. There is ONE PLACE you can save in the entire game. I assume the VITA has a save-state function because WTF. There's a RARE (limited stock, expensive) consumable to escape dungeons, but it costs more than a dozen runs worth of gold to buy.The ""Ambush"" system. Basically, you become the random encounter...except they have a ""leader"" unit, who runs away after 3 turns and takes the loot with them, and for every ambush you DON'T take, you increase the chance of being ambushed yourself (which means you start the fight losing an entire turn, which is often lethal)Ambush/Boss hybrid events. Spend Morale to set up Ambush. Wait for boss monster (every pass you are more likely to be ambushed in return), fight (turn limit!). Failure?. You can try again(MUCH higher Morale cost), or if you are out of Morale you need to grind...except your MAXIMUM morale is low, so you have a limited number of chances based on...story progression?""Unique"" items have a (non-unique) guaranteed enchantment. The only way to get them to level with the rest of the gear though is to feed them to a mimic, who puts them back on the loot table so they can drop again later, hopefully better.RAN OUT OF SPACE, 3/10. STOP TAKING DESIGN CHOICES FROM FREEMIUM GAMES."
76561198004591477,Recommended,409890,27166678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hirato Kirata,"I had a really good time with this game, and I'd quite heartily recommend it.If this has wet your appetite and you feel you want more, you should try Demon Gaze (same studio), or the Elminage series (competing company).It has been a while since I played, so all the details aren't fresh in my mind, but without further ado...What is Stranger of Sword CityIt's an unashamed old-school grid-based blobber, with many little modern conveniences.And it's not a particularly hard one at that.The basic gameplay loopYou have a party of 6 people, and you run around on a variety of dungeons, fighting enemies, collecting loot and beating the snot out of bosses so you can collect McGuffins to advance the plot and get special abilities.There are 4 ways to run into monsters.Random encounters as you run around the level (the rate is fairly low, unless you use Force Alarm)Pre-determined spots in a map (these respawn every ingame day, and have orange (regular) or red (boss) markers on the tile)CheckpointsAmbushingAmbushing is done in certain spots of each dungeon, each ambush attempt has a greator morale cost (5, 20, 35, 50, etc), and toughter enemies. You use these same morale points to invoke special abilities you unlock with the same mcGuffins.In each ambush attempt, up to 6 groups can pass by and each that passes increases the chance that they'll get first strike by 20% - this is very dangerous so you should avoid passing on the groups early on.Each group generally consists of a tougher mini-boss monster and some weak cannon fodder to act as meatshields for the boss. These mini-bosses escape after several turns and take the loot with them.Ambushing is your main source of equipment and loot in general in the dungeons, and the best way to fight enemies in quick succession if you want to grind levels.As for combat, your party of 6 is divided into a front row and a back row; the first triplet in front, the second in back.There is a lot they don't explain about combat, eg that you can use a whistle ahead of time (it'll light up the whistle icon at the bottom) to prevent bosses from screwing up your party order once. The spell casting UI also completely sucks, I had to google how to get to my wizard's attack spells.You issue the actions you want your party to take, and then they're ""applied"" either normally or fast. Several prompts show up for each action, under normal mode, you advance 1 prompt per press of a button (you can also hold it), under fast mode it'll just skip through all the prompts rapidly. After a while I found myself just quickly tapping through and relying more on sounds and the simple animations to tell me what is going on over actually reading the prompts.However once you reach the mid game, you'll tend to just stack up +Hit and +Avoid (you can see the current values on the portraits on the top right), and pair it with Force Guard so that enemies don't dispel them to their originals levels, and there isn't much strategy left.The one thing I don't like about combat, is just how heavily levels factor into it.For example, if your character is level 15, and a monster attacks and it does 200 damage (just about a OHK), but you can barely hit him and do pitifully little damage. But if you level up but with no real change in equipment or stats, he now hits you for considerably less and you can do a reasonable level of damage to him.Combat does have a fairly strategic layer to it, and you do have a lot of tools at your disposal (and you unlock more and more over time).If you can overcome the level gap, the main game isn't hard at all.Dungeon design leaves a bit to be desired.I do wish they could've added a bit more in the line of puzzles, but I suppose not every game can be like Etrian Odyssey.Every dungeon has its own unique theme and feel, and usually a unique gimmick as well.As a few simple examplesMausoleum of Sand: features many pits you can fall throughMausoleum of Forest: Features spinners that make it hard to know where you're goingMausoleum of Fire: Has ""lava"" tiles that hurt you if you step on them.Mausoleum of Sea: Spells are sealed away, and there are pusher tiles to simulate currents.PLOT! PLOT! PLOT!The story is fairly rudimentary and serves more as an excuse to progress from dungeon to dungeon. The characters are likeable enough and there's more than enough dialogue and exposition to allow you to get attached to the characters.I have heard that the developer will be doing significantly more writing in future titles, I for one hope they don't because there is really nothing wrong with this level.A lot of the dialogue is also voiced, and with Japanese voice work to boot (that's a big plus for me).Also the translation is absolutely awful, not that I expected better from anything published by NISA, but shame on you all the same.The best parts look and feel like a fairly literal translation taken out of google and tidied up a bit for grammar, and the worst parts are either incomprehensible or completely misleading.The last bit plagues a great many useful items and skills!For example, you can carry Dolls with you to save you from insta-kill attacks.Some of them contain this in their description: Item loss rate UP.Nearly everyone would think: ""oh, I'm going to lose items if I carry this with me, oh dear!""What that property actually means, is that there's a very good chance that the item won't break after saving you from disaster.Character systemThe character system is fairly simple and rudimentary.Most of the depth comes from your class selections, and then your selection of cross-class skills.I do like how your characters' ages factors into your survivability.I also like that your reserves slowly level up and make some money for you.ArtAs most know, there are 2 distinct art styles available, which affects the portraits of the characters you meet, and the CG scenes you get to look at during crucial moments of the plot.First is the Type A art style by Yoko Tsukamoto, this is a more realistic/gothic art style, and despite some of the scenes looking rushed and incomplete, it's just oozing soul, personality, and atmosphere.Second is the Type B by En Okishiji, it's banal boring generic animu moe blob rubbish; Okishiji is clearly a talented individual, but his artwork is a terrible fit for the game, and is in general just soulless, bland, and sorely lacking in details.There is no mincing words about how bad Type B is, using it is like watching anime with dubs; if you want to do that, all the more power to you, but I just want you to know you have absolutely awful taste.As for how lacking in detail type B is, just go look at Rui's portraits as an easy example.In Type A, you'll notice several very distinct and unique features, such as her eyes looking like a lizard's. This detail (that is actually very important to her character) is completely absent in the type B art.The locations themselves aren't that great, the models are low poly and the textures are fuzzy, but do keep in mind that this game was also targeted at the Vita.The music is also fairly decent, it's never going make it into my top 100, but it never got on my nerves while playing."
76561198116000643,Recommended,409890,23625585,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Wolfblade,"This is a great game, but there are some things you need to know before you decide if this game is right for you. The game takes on the aspect of an older dungeon crawler where you move from square to square and can only see ahead, it also has a good spread of items that you can both buy and that you find from battles that will help you on your journey. It has a good story that is easy to follow most of the time and makes sense. The biggest drawback that i experienced while playing the game is the amount of time you will spend grinding. You will be spending a lot of your time grinding up each of your character's levels and even then the dungeons can still be difficult at times, certain bosses in the game can one-shot your characters even if they are a higher level than the boss. Later in the game, each dungeon has a special way of moving you around the map, and it is up to you to figure out the correct path to take, but if you slip up once, you may find yourself having to backtrack to the point you were at, that being said, it is very rewarding once you find your way and you an easily move around afterwords with the map movement. Very easily a 100+ hour game, but it is a good one at that. There are also multiple endings so it has some replayability value and the dungeons get harder if you go new game +. the last thing i have to saay is thaat if you get stuck in a dungeon, there are no guides online, (that i could find), to help you out, it is up to your own wits to find the way."
76561197972431515,Not Recommended,409890,34727435,Posted: 3 September,all,This Is Fine,"I have a long history and love affair with dungeon crawlers, starting with Might and Magic 1. I really enjoyed Etrian Odyssey 1-3. I've dabbled in Wizardry (mostly 8) and several of its misbegotten clones on multiple consoles, including the Vita. I think this game is hot garbage.Yes, the art is cool. Since that's the big draw, the first complaint I have about this game is that the character art is split between the nice art, and woefully derivative anime garbage. This ensures that unless you want to jump through hoops to import your own art, you will actually have a very small selection of stylistically consistent portraits that will suit your race and class choices.Next, this is a game with boring, been there done that races and classes. If you've played one copy-cat wizardry clone, you've played them all. Nothing to see here folks. The big gimmick for character customization is... a somewhat convoluted multi-class system. Take another boring, ho-hum class and grind extra? OH BOY, CAN I??I thought Dancer would be cool, but it's actually completely useless at low levels. I've got a level 8 character doing a whopping 3 damage EVERY OTHER TURN (he has to set up, otherwise he does just one damage) in large part because the gear you find is very subject to RNG. Want a new dagger? Well, you can't buy one and you won't find it on a regular monster or in a treasure chest, heck no! Better wander the same labrynths over and over again, treading back to the same designated areas where you can ""ambush"" the same ""unsuspecting"" monsters and their bizarre supply trains carrying mostly the same low level crap you don't need to nowhere in particular. Why does this make sense again?This game's idea of ""challenge"" is to sometimes throw a monster 10-14 levels higher than normal into a crowd, with the same sprite as a normal mob. Forgetting to check is one of the few ways to actually die in this game that I have found. I did forget to check once. It's not that the monster quickly killed me either - it just wouldn't die and eventually it ground me out through a war of attrition from which I could not successfully flee. Challenging? No. Tedious? Yes.I'll admit that 10 hours ain't much for a game like this. Heck, I probably spent at least 2 hours of that rolling stats in the character generator (the rolls are very stingy - prepare to roll a lot of zeros!). But in only the second dungeon, somebody thought it would be a fun mechanic to spin the party in a random direction in every intersection while simultaneously turning off your compass in intersection squares. Just... why? Why would you punish your players so? I'm just trying to fill in my map, fight monsters and get loot. Do you think I want to be stopped in my tracks multiple times and be forced to study repetitive wall textures so that I can turn myself back the way I was supposed to be going in the first place? One brilliant 4-way intersection has no distinguishing features no matter which direction you turn, so you just have to guess. Oops, wrong way! Oops wrong way! Serously. I have no patience for games that blatantly waste my time.Yes, this game looks nice. So go look at the art somewhere, but don't waste your time or your money here. This crap might fly on a dead handheld, but not on glorious PC. There are much better games you could be playing."
76561198086087452,Recommended,409890,29524960,Posted: 27 January,all,CyberDown,"7hr review:Bottom line you are paying $40 for a vita port.Look the games mechanics are not awful, its got complexity to some degree, and it appears very complex on the surface.  Some of the battles are hard if you take the games flow as straight forward (get a mission then go do it) once you learn you can counter that difficulty by running though a level 5-10 times farming that difficulty kinda dissapears.The combat is the worst aspect of the game, its RPG maker style.  No animations and your portraits block smaller enemies.  Casters can only cast magic, so they basically sit there worthless defending until you have a battle deemed worthy of using them...ive found a front row of fighters or knights and a back row of all rangers and a cleric does just fine, in fact excels vs a diverse group since you dont have a bunch of casters defending.  Standard attack is the norm and theres a fast battle option that removes the battle from the battle.  Youll use this 99.9% of the time.Combat is hard because sometimes the game throws a curveball enemy spawn at you that youll run from, you get a skill right off the bat to instant escape.The class system seems awesome but since skills are not really needed, i dont see the point tbh.  I dont think it would change the fact that youll use standard attack and fast battle for just about every non boss fight....and normal fights you might need something extra...well just use your flee battle skill, leave the dungeon and save, come back and its now a spawn that you can auto-battle though.  Difficutly gone.Most of the difficulty seems in the fact that its an old vita port.  UI and the lack of auto save is what makes it hard.Story seems decent, artwork is fantasic...but the first person 3D dungeon crawl mode feels more like a windows 98 screen saver...again...rpg maker feels.Its voiced over in japenese which is appealing for some.Gear is extremely basic.  Nothing more than hit chance and damage.  Unique gear has nothing unique about it.  Youll be hunting for that spear +1 for +1 damage then once you get that youll want the spear +2 for an extra 1 point of damage....zzzzzz.....Yes you can cutomize your character portraits....cool...if you want to get into that for a vita port game.Im recommending the game, steam has so few games like this (other than the giant pile of steaming rpg maker games made by players...this feels like an rpg maker done by professionals but still an rpg maker game eventhough its not)Wait for a sale....this is a $5 game at best.  Its a great jrpg in terms of artwork, music, and style (other than the 3D first person dungeon crawling which are tiny little maps with nearly no style)Honestly if i hadnt left the game running while i went shopping id probably have refunded it and waited for it to be on a steep discount after figuring out the basics.  Still...for this type of game, and for the lack of options for this type of game, its still a thumbs up...just dont pay the full price...not sure what orfice the heads of the devs are up to keep this game full price on this platform so many years after it was new.At least mod it so the controls are displayed for desktop PC, take the effort to make combat at least on par with phantasy star 2 from sega genesis, you know have a basic animation based on weapon and character...and figure out a way to save progress without having to leave the game running mid storytime....after about an hour straight i needed to run to the store but was in the middle of ""cutscene"" which is just jap. voice over + english text and close up still pictures....but had i closed out id have lost an hour straight of work and then would need to relive the story part again...so i just left it running.I think with some updates to the right platform, some updates to modern QOL, and some super basic animations for combat...and maybe puitting something interesting on gear...and this game would be a $40 game on steam.  That wont happen though.Buy this game at full price if you are a jrpg junky that likes the artwork (its really fantasic btw) and voice overs and story over the mechanics...and enjoys a game that isnt overly easy...eventhough i feel its just as easy as any other jrpg ive ever played (grind and over level and stomp everything but then have to figure out a boss fight)This really plays like vita port...unfortunately....and has combat production values that a good artist with rpg maker could reproduce (probably better than they have done with this game tbh)  Otherwise the complexity is just throwing fights you cant win and need to recognize as fight you must run from, and boss fights with a gimmick.  The gear is boring, the classes are boring with a few classes being curiously useless for 99% of your fights...and the handicap from being a port that wasnt meant for a pc is a struggle at first.Not awful as i made it sound here, but, for $40...i feel these devs are not from japan but rather fantasy land.Ill update if something changes..depending if i feel that the games path changes from the standard overlevel and stomp everything....which i would gladly enjoy every second of if the loot i was farming was interesting.This game just seems so close to classic just a few tweaks, a bit more depth, and a bit of animations....its got a feeling while playing that is greater than what your actually doing...somehow."
76561198041553585,Recommended,409890,23463640,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,roslolian,"Cons:-expensive for a dungeon crawler as JAnime games tend to be priced in the $30 range-not exactly cutting edge graphics and battle effects, textures look like crap-music is ok but get repetitivePros:-low hardware requirements, your potato pc can run this fine-the art is amazing and you can choose between the original one and a more animemified or kawaii version-deep character customization thanks to ability to reclass-some documentation already existing on how to play this game properly-good challenge, I died in the tutorial battle-STORY, mutiple endings and new game+ according to the wiki! Yes you can actually have a story in a dungeon crawler and the different endings and new game+ give you motivation to play moreApparently I already have 10 hours played but I haven't completed my party yet I'm just rerolling my bonus pts all this time. 10/10 would press the reroll button again."
76561198046659821,Recommended,409890,23428706,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,gorathff,"If you like Wizardry or Elminage series get this game. It is as close to Wizardry as you can get on PC in English.Pros:- Very good, probably flawless console port; full resolution, mouse and controller support- Very good art style- Auto-map (compared to Elminage)- less restrictive inventory (compared to ELminage)- No random stat decrease/increase exept HP/MP; you can allocate point every level wherever you want- solid combat system with several gimmicks- solid class mechanics; you can change class several times to obtain different skills i.e. ability to wield heavy armor for your wizard- solid storyCons:- somewhat less hardcore but also depending on your preference less frustrating than ELminage (see above)- no stat requirements for classes; you can just pick any class you wanted and distribue bonus points- class choice somewhat limited; only 8 classes- while 2d art is beautiful, 3d textures in dungeon are somewhat lacking (walls, objects etc.)P.S. Updated review as Steam Cloud support was fixed and now working properly."
76561198013994776,Recommended,409890,23463158,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mindworm,"I flip-flopped for a while on whether or not to recommend this game. It's a solid game, if you're a fan of dungeon crawling RPG's in the vein of Class of Heroes, Etrian Odyssey, Wizardry, or the old Might and Magic games, This game definately scratches that itch.The short version: This game would have no trouble earning a recommendation if itweren't so damn expensive. Buy it at 50% off or don't buy it at all. $40 or $30 is overpaying.The premise is ok: You were on a flight that got sucked through a dimentional portal to an alternate world, where you are known as a ""Stranger"". The lower gravity makes you much stronger than normal (though why you might suddenly be able to do magic is completely ignored. Suffice to day, strangers are just better). Turns out you're also a ""Chosen One"", capable of destroying ""Lineage Monsters"", stronger than average monsters that normally revive after being killed. So, you, along with other Strangers (your own customizable party and it's many alternates) are charged with running around killing Lineage monsters.It's a dungeon crawler! That's really all there is to say about it. Fight Monsters, gain levels, get loot!The things that set it apart are the Ambush system, which sounds like it was supposed to be a way to get rarer items, but in the end, it's the only way to get equipment from enemies. On the plus side you are guarenteed to gain equipment from these encounters, and its not like the fighting is boring (unless maybe you've been at it for a long time).There's also the Life Point system. Every time a character is KO'd in battle, they lose a life point. If a character reaches 0 life points (Or maybe dies with 0 life points? The game isn't clear) they're dead for good and can't be revived. To counter this, giving characters additional rest and recovery time lets them recover Life Points. The problem is this takes an extremely long time, like, I half expected a mobile game pop-up to ask me if I wanted to spend money to have the people in question instantly recover.The game could be great, but the things that are supposed to set it apart hold it back as much as they make the experience more unique. In the endStranger of Sword Cityis still solid, and it's worth owning, but it's by no means worth more than $25 at the absolute most."
76561197970585413,Recommended,409890,23847139,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,aDew,"One of the best dungeon crawler RPGs on PC.Charater customization is deep with class change and assigned skills. Game's functions such as auto move to assigned point and repeat action make grinding better and so much faster.Surprisingly, story and voice acting are good for this type of game.Recommended for Dungeon crawler RPG fans."
,Recommended,409890,30271309,Posted: 1 March,all,Furby Mk-3,"If you like DRPGs, SoSC is a good game to add to your list. While the translation of the story can sometimes be hit or miss, the core gameplay elements are well done and worth the play. It has a good difficulty and will get harder with multiple NG+ runs to give you a reason to keep replaying it over and over if you need to.That being said, there is an enhanced remake that just came out for the Vita that removes some of the more trying elements of the game and adds more content; An announcement hasn't been made as to these enhancements making their way over to the PC, but we can always hope."
,Recommended,409890,23435760,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bulk McLargeHuge,"Barring a crashing issue that is easily fixed, the game is pretty great if you like first-person dungeon crawlers. Personally not a fan of the perma-death mechanic but at the very least it provides a unique flavor to the game.Nothing about this game will make you like it if you're not already into the genre but for fans of these type of games, it is a worthy entry that will take many hours of your time."
,Recommended,409890,24214808,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,I love the lag,"I've read that people are estimating completion times as ""40+ hours"" or ""60+ hours"".  I've just beaten the main storyline now, so I'm not sure what they're on to have conquered it so rapidly (some of my time is idling, but whose isn't?), save for playing the easier difficulty.  While I didn't bomb through it, this isn't my first DRPG and I picked up on most of the effective strategies fairly quickly.  I'd maybe suggest something more like 80 hours, since I did have some dead characters.As for the actual review, Stranger of Sword City is a story light first-person dungeon crawling game with a party of six and eight classes.  The dungeons are generally relatively short and self-contained, and the puzzles and harmful terrain are relatively minimal- though most dungeons have a gimmick including being made of disabling or harmful terrain.  Three things seperate it from most: Lineage (boss) hunting under specific circumstances, ambush points and divinities.  The first means that you must follow up on rumours and inklings you get in order to fight bosses, rather than simply reach an ""end point"" although there is certainly some of that).  These bosses drop ""blood crystals"" necessary for progression.  The second is a system wherein you wager the first turn in battle on which fight of five you'd like in certain areas- the more you turn down, the more likely you are to be attacked first.  You can see what they're carrying, but not always what exactly you're fighting or what level they are, and the monster you need to kill to get the loot will abscond with it after a certain number of turns.  Finally, divinities are a sort of way to fight back against a lot of the bs the game will throw your way, be it instant death spells, ambushes, ridiculous damage or dodgy opponents.What works?  The music and artstyle (at least artstyle A) are very good.  The map aesthetic is generally solid, although given it was a Vita game there isn't much wall decoration or detail tiles.  Bosses are tough, class changing is interesting and divinities are a great way to let the player have some agency in tough situations, as well as customize something besides the party.  Auto-map has a ""walk to"" feature that I forgot to use a lot, it's not perfect but it's nice to have, and there's a good balance between items being very useful and being vital.What's mixed?  The setting and some of the characters are interesting at least in design, but their involvement with the story falls flat.  In terms of the story, there's sort of a good level of intrigue, of ""I want to know more""; while they don't interrupt dungeoning constantly with many cutscenes and that's greatly appreciated in a modern game, it's maybe a little too sparse on involvement.  There aren't a ton of characters to talk to, and you only really spend time in a little bit of the titular sword city- you really do stay a stranger.  Inventory management has a sorting function, but there's only one way to sort.  There's multiple control schemes but mouse is a lot slower than keyboard or controller, especially controller.  Ambushing is a great feature but gets tiresome and under many circumstances wastes your time if anyone dies.  The character creation and life points are a lot less interesting once you understand that age 40 is by far the best age in a non-specialist, and waiting for characters to revive is a pain.What's bad?  Some poor translation in item and monster descriptions.  No auto-battle.  Class balance:  None of the classes are useless and their synergies are interesting, but Cleric and Ninja are miles ahead of the rest and have a full suite of amazing abilities- you'll want two of each for most of the game.  Trickster's got three of the best skills in the game and nothing else worth mentioning, Wizards are basically worse at their job than high-int tricksters until high level, Knight and Fighter have a ton of dead levels, Samurai's pretty lousy past level 13 and ranger is a dumpster fire besides seeing enemy health and its very last ability, which is kind of a mixed bag.The grind is also pretty long and annoying here, and enemies scale with you to a degree.  This encourages more strategic planning than grinding in some cases, but I had to make a lot of stops to the Mausoleum of Sea and storms to get my wizard up to snuff.  The mausoleum of storms is a really annoying and linear dungeon, and every enemy type in it is awful to fight.  The bosses that ambush you if you take too long are interesting in concept, but in practice it's very difficult to get an encounter that you can beat in under three turns, even when throwing caution to the wind.All in all, this is a solid Dungeon crawler that I'm glad made it to PC.  The focus of the game is the strategic battles, scouring out the hidden bosses, and party creation/composition.  Story kind of got left on the cutting board.  If you like first person games, or are intrigued by the artstyle, this offers a long and meaty experience with enough uniqueness to warrant a recommendation.  If this kind of game isn't normally your thing, or you haven't played dungeon crawlers before, other titles like grimrock are better crossing or starting points."
,Recommended,409890,29474471,Posted: 24 January,all,heartsofshadow,"Stranger of Sword city is your standard JRPG dungeon crawler(and all that implies) with several very nice quirks that makes it stand out.  Seriously though, it's a dungeon crawler. If you're looking for deep character interaction and development you shouldn't go for this one. It does have a nice world though.1. The Game requires some thought and intelligence rather than just grinding your face against a millstone til you win.2. Permadeath if a thing for your party, but only if you're stupid.3. Can Create your own party and balance permadeath resistance versus power4. The Shops don't restock their items.5. Every class appears to be balanced so far( though not at first)6. And auto move on the map! oh auto move how I love thee. I'd sayt his one like five times if it wasn't annoying.7. Can grind for gear at certain ""hunting"" spots with a ""push your luck"" style of play. I hate grinding but this feels fun because you can see what type of gear(armor, sword, hat, etc) before you fight and you're garunteed to get ""something"" so it feeeels more like gambling than praying for a .02% loot drop.All in all, a fun game."
76561198089576367,Recommended,409890,30346675,Posted: 5 March,all,Saikawa,"Great game...An rpg game that forces you to play carefully because your party members can PERMANENTLY DIE.You get to select what dungeon you want to enter then it becomes a classic 3D DOOM styled graphics dungeon crawler where you can move 1 block at a time.The story is pretty alright, you are some special dude (or dudette) who  has woken up from a plane crash in a mysterious land, which your quest is to collect bloodstones to give to 3 factions... Or known as vessels.  apparently, giving them dem stones can change the game's story outcome soo pick wisely.If you are having trouble with the controls, just click what you see on the screen with your mouse... this game is a port from another console probably... I dunno.The good stuff about it:Unique system where dying teamates can result in permanent death, too lazy to go in deph but lets just say that young party members can die a few times before perma death, while older members can die after just once.Pretty fun grinding simulator.Graphecs are pretty anime...You can customise your party members to your liking, this includes stats, avatar, name, gender, race, and traits.Cons:You haf to w8 game hours for your fallen teamates to revive....This can be annoying to some but to be honest, it's the reason i enjoy playing this game, cuz it reminds us that DYING IS BAD.Pro tips:1)Grind early on at the hide locations to arm yourselves with better gear.2)Give your party members decent amount of vit, vit=more hp lel3)Bring more than 1 healer with you (you are screwed if your only healer gets CC'd)4)If the enemy looks REALLY tough, don't be stubborn and just leg it... Use your brain, not your ego."
,Recommended,409890,23459406,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,lanrutcon,"A hardcore dungeon crawler with enough unique mechanics to set it apart from the pack. Lovely character and monster art combined with challenging fights and rewarding character customisation. The learning curve is steep and no punches are pulled, but gradually growing more powerful and conquering areas that were previously problematic is very, very satisfying."
76561198034387750,Recommended,409890,26126819,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Findanniin,"Stranger of Sword City is one of those old-school Dungeon Crawler games inspired by Wizardy and the old Might & Magic games - but it's polished and innovated on the old formula a fair bit.It trades some of the typical 'grindiness' inherent in the genre with fast paced (though still turn-based) combat and an addictive class-building system where you get to multiclass and transfer select abilities from one class to the other.This leads to pretty amazing combinations. Picture the Samurai's ability to keep attacking until he gets hit by a counter-attack combined with a ninja's evasion - or a ranger's infinite concentration length with a warrior's 7-hits while in concentration genocide.SoSC also isn't afraid to give you a decent bit of counters against the RNG that is king in so many dungeon crawler games. Many games in this genre rely on enemies abilities to debilitate or even insta-kill your characters... these are all present in SoSC, but there's counters available if you've played and built your characters cleverly against every single one of these - and while there's stilla decent amuont of grindy 'trash' encounters, most combats actually require a decent bit of thinking before you press the 'commit turn' button.Your main way to improve your characters, asides from leveling up, is of course gear progression - and here also, SoSC innovates with the 'ambush' system, where - provided you can find the ambush spots in dungeons, you get to pick a fight seeing the reward type and the enemy you'd have to fight for it.'Hrm, lvl 20 demon for a rare katana, or a lvl 5 bunny for a few common helmets?"" type of deal.Oh, and fairly rare in this type of game, there's 3 seperate ending paths that diverge quite a bit in your final resolution.That said, SoSC still relies quite heavily on grinding it's content to keep your characters of a sufficient level, which I had little patience for (and thus evaded by checking 'recomended levels' on the wiki, and cheating my characters up a level or two per dungeon, rather than grind through the trash for extra hours for the same effect).That didn't stop this brutal game from murdering me a whole bunch of times, but I still greatly enjoyed the journey.If you like old school dungeon crawler type gameplay, I'd say Stranger of Sword City feels instantly familiar, while still being innovative and very much 'it's own game'. Highly recommended.If you *don't* care much for dungeon crawler style games though - give it a miss. Nothing here takes it far enough outside of the scope of it's genre to appeal."
76561198098031587,Recommended,409890,23503755,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sir Jin,"A difficult Dungeon RPG, which would cost 100+ hours to accomplish the fisrt playthrough without cheating."
76561198020584337,Not Recommended,409890,33644097,Posted: 18 July,all,Mu Shu Fasa,"I was over 70 hours in, nearly done the game, finally had my perfect team, when the ""load game"" option just disappeared from the main menu. I searched the forums for a solution and ended up trying to reinstall the game, after which it just immediately crashed and stuck at a white screen. The game had been crashing on me up until that point but I only ever lost 20 min or so since my last save...I tried posting in trouble shooting for help but no response after nearly a week... It's a shame because the game is pretty fun but it just crashes and breaks on you and no one seems to give a crap or want to try to help you fix it."
,Recommended,409890,30302172,Posted: 3 March,all,Tlim,"Really good game if you don't mind a bit of a grind. All the negative reviews seem to be because the game is crashing, it looks like most of the people who can run the game enjoy it.If you're the kind of person who hates slow progression or randomly getting screwed by RNG makes you super angry, you may want to avoid this game. If you have the patience to stick it out, you end up with a deep class and skill system that makes the grinding worthwhile."
,Recommended,409890,30641247,Posted: 20 March,all,Kelanor,"I have spent a tremendous amount of time in this game. Very fun. Be prepared to save scum alot. Hard, but not completely unforgiving. One of my favorite JRPGs recently made. I turned off the in game voice acting myself, I find the japanese voices distracting. I also changed the art style in game to 2, which is more like Fire Emblem. I also imported 16 custom made Fire Emblem images into the game which turned out awesome. I posted them all to the discussion boards for this game if anyone is interested."
,Recommended,409890,25388727,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Lani,"It's simply one of the best Dungeon Crawler options out there. Kinda has a forced 'romance' bit at the end that's icky and there's a 'bad, generic anime art' option (that's off by default, thankfully). But seriously - if you're a fan of Etrian Odyssey, this is a fine replacement. Except it's Dark Fantasy, which makes it even better.(Although I think Etrian Odyssey is generally better, Sword City is really close - and has some of the best art and music I've ever heard)"
,Recommended,409890,23464709,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Kat(y) Denschanel,"This game reminds me a lot of those hardcore dungeon crawlers from the 90's/early 2000's. Really unforgiving, a lot of grinding, and a a decent amount of RNG. That being said, I find myself enjoying this game a heck of a lot. The art style is nice, the soundtrack is pretty good, and the ambush system is an interesting mechanic.The game isn't a must-buy unless you really want a JRPG dungeon crawler (which is a pretty niche genre) but so far I have no regrets with this purchase. The $40 asking price is pretty steep so if you're interested I recommend waiting for a sale or price drop."
76561197975760250,Recommended,409890,23918657,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jinn,"An extremely fine DRPG. The original art for the game has a unique style and is a joy to look at. The characters are likeable and the world is intriguing. But again, this is a DRPG and that is what you are going to spend the majority of your time doing: dungeon crawling. For some this makes for some great fun, but others might be turned off by this type of gameplay.While I am no where near finishing this game, I wanted to give it my recommendation now because I know I'll be playing it for hours to come. If you start it and things seem a little overly simplified to you, wait until you finish everything you have to do in the Mausoleum of Metal. The game opens up in locations you can visit and overall complexity after this.Here's hoping Experience and NIS decide to bring more of these games onto the PC."
,Not Recommended,409890,23873926,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,アレクサンダー,"Here are great parts:+ You can import images of your favourite anime characters and have party along the lines of you, Yuno, Revy, Saeko, your friends from real life+ Rather interesting explanation why player and all people from ""our"" world are so powerful in the game world+ People are saying rpg and dungeon crwaling system is deep, but I'm not a big fan of this kind of dungeon crawling and this will be a positive and a negative part+ Nice art style. There are 2 actually.+ Post game dungeonsNow negative- Game crashes and doesn't have autosave. You can save only at your base. So... yeah.- System is a bit too hard for my taste. I'm assuming game tries to tell you that you need to grind and I don't mind grinding, buuuuuut...- Grinding in this particular game is tidious. You basically need to go to specific places of a level, do ambush, maybe 2, go outside, save, return, do that thing again. That requires to be done for some time before you can go do some actual damage.- Sometimes difficulty spikes up and it's more of a frustration... without any enjoyment.- You also can die in the middle of a dungeon and have to replay an hour or more because no autosave. Yeah... fun...- Yet another school girl + one of leaders seems to be a little school-age girl. This may be my own thing, but I'm getting a lot of annoyance from that. I would prefer more adults in leading roles in anime and in general.Sadly can't recommend this game much. Annoyance of negative parts of the game is way too much for me. Maybe sometime in the future I'll finish/replay the game, but I doubt it."
76561198062710598,Recommended,409890,30948714,Posted: 4 April,all,Thenais,"best dungeon rpg ever played,this gem is worth every euros of its price, and then some.the art is gorgeous, the ambiance is dark but hopefull,the characters are likable and your choices meaningfull.oh yeah, i forgot to mention some negatives points :- the game is too easy even in normal, need an hard mode.- new games+ are boring due to lack of difficulty."
,Recommended,409890,23577523,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dekudeku,"If you are into challenging dungeon crawlers with a little story on the side it's a solid choice.It's definitely not as good as the Shin Megami Tensei games or even Etrian Odyssey, but it's alright."
,Recommended,409890,24810628,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ciggaretté,"This is a hardcore RPG game. It's like darksoul of rpg genre. You ""need"" to read some guide or some advice from the internet or else you will use 80% of the time grinding because your party is just too weak. My advice is to go 99 years old party and keep rolling until you get 17-20 bonus points (trust me its worth), Second is you need atleast 1st lvl spirit wall to prevent insta kill, Lastly, ambushing on the same spot is not a bad idea it will save you a lot of time if your party is strong cuz your morale will be almost fully replenish after the fight anyway."
,Recommended,409890,34003941,Posted: 3 August,all,Silvarren,"I really like the game, but it seems like there's an awful lot of guide reading, stat re-rolling and min-maxing. That, and the death system is somewhat annoying - losing just one member of the party can be a huge pain. That said... I do love this game. xD"
76561198000140924,Recommended,409890,23461553,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Low parry me DADDY,"This game is a love letter to Shin-megami Tensei fans, with most of its mechanic extremely similar to smt. Awesome art styles and an awesome soundtrack, even with this game's lack of combat animations you can still get hyped up when you face off against enemies.Only problem i have with this game is the level grinding, it is really time consuming. But the loot system is really well made and that made farming a little bit more enjoying."
76561197973018655,Recommended,409890,29536234,Posted: 28 January,all,HiddenX,A dungeon crawler with Wizardry-like combat.
,Recommended,409890,24241781,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,camelotcrusade,"I've been trying both JRPGs and old-school RPGs one after another, and finally I've found one that ticks all the boxes without being obnoxious.  I like RPGs to be a challenge--but not to punish the player--and I like having rich character art and meaningful character development.  I also like a grind I can sink my teeth into.  SoS has all of that and more.The story is light but interesting, the combat similar, and the pacing good.  Just when things feel slow or unispiring, you can go to another dungeon or try a class change to spice things up.  The availability of mini-bosses in every dungeon (called Lineages), of varying difficulty and challenge, also keeps things interesting and gives you short-term goals and challenges to pursue.I haven't finished it yet, but after sinking in 50+ hours, taking my time and enjoying things, I can fully recommend this game.  I'm not going to say it's perfect, but compared to some of the slogs masquerading as RPGs out there, this one gets a thumbs up from me."
76561197989634078,Recommended,409890,23439097,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Darx,"if you liked demon gazer or operation abyss, you will also like this.prepare yourself to spend hours on this. especially on the damn reroll button...."
76561198053070059,Recommended,409890,23442533,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Keln,"An old school dungeon (corridor crawler), with some nice labyrinths, a nice character customization system... And a pretty annoying dice roll simulator x)Pretty fun for the time I have played it, the game can get really hard really fast though :D (because RNG)And a pretty amazing soundtrack!"
,Recommended,409890,23462489,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Nasthesy,"5 hours and counting .. spent on the game so far trying to get 11 bonus points.Totally worth your time and money, game's amazingOh and I also did the tutorial, it's a great mix of a visual novel x dungeon crawler,The fantasy-jap art-style and the vocaloid-like OST make this a must have and insta-buy in my books.Also this game is full of gorgeous bae girls, you can't miss on them o.oI'd love so freaking much to see an anime out of this ♥"
76561198029218596,Recommended,409890,23447647,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bastadain,if you dont have anything to play right now and want to play a good dungeon crawler get this game !
,Recommended,409890,23454266,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Netflix,"Downvote if you're a sociopathic asshat. If this review isn’t geniunely helpful, leave a comment on how it can be improved.This is an interim review. I'm enjoying the game. I contemplated buying a Playstation Vita for this game until the Steam announcement for a PC release. So compared to 220+ USD, I'm very damn happy with the price.TLDR - You may enjoy this game if:You enjoy 80’s and early 90’s first-person grid-based dungeon crawler turn-based combat RPGs with minimal to no combat animation such as the old Wizardry and Might and Magic gamesYou do/did not have a handheld or console (or other methods) to play games such as Dark Spire, Etrian Odyssey, Class of Heroes, Demon Gaze or games in the genreControls:The game supports access with keyboard, mouse or X-Input GamepadHave not personally verified DirectInput GamepadDefault button prompts reflect the official Microsoft Game Controller for WindowsSpecs:The game is capable of running at 60 FPS for purposes of 3D-based movement in a dungeon or when panning the camera – however the game consists mostly of still images or still images shifting to the left and rightThe game has options to run in windowed mode at a resolution up to 1920x1080, full screen or full screen windowed modeThere are volume sliders for events, music, sound effects and voicesAll voice audio is in JapaneseThere is an option for English or Japanese textThere isNO AUTOSAVE– be sure to save your progress manually in town. edit: You can save on multiple slots and appears to be more than four.Character Creation:You create and manage a party of up to six characters with options such as 5 races, 8 classes, 33 voice grunting options (including no grunting), a few dozen  portraits and ability to import your own portraits, distributing points amongst stats and choosing a trait to aid the partyThere are no race, gender or stat restrictions on classes – you can be the wimpiest fighter, the most unpious cleric or the clumsiest ninjaPortraits and voice options are not locked to gender or race – you can pick a gruff dwarf portrait or masculine black knight while choosing a high-pitched female voice or a petite gnome-like woman with a deep male samurai voiceIt is possible to change a character’s class several times throughout the adventure while retaining many of their statistical benefits and some select abilitiesA character’s name, portrait and voice may be changed post-creation – however, their race and gender are setThere are options to display default painting art style or an optional animesque art style for characters, events and NPCsCharacter age is decided during character creation which determines the number of bonus points available to a character, how many consecutive deaths a character can take before being permanently removed from the game and how quickly a character recovers from death when they die onceOnly a select number of characters receive appropriate gear when created – future characters will receive the bare minimum, but will be roughly half the main character's levelGameplay:You navigate town and shops through a menu systemYou navigate dungeons on a grid-based map, moving one grid at a timeAn automap is present to keep track of past locations, points of interest and allow for auto-travel to locations you have already been toCombat consists of static pictures with camera panning, visual effects representing attacks, pop-up damage numbers and shifting enemy picturesCombat is turn-based allowing for commands such as fight, defend, magic, item and depending on class, additional skills that can be unlockedPlayer characters and enemies take turns attacking each other (or escaping) until only one side remainsTraps may exist in the dungeon or when opening chests – characters with high open lock skill either through a trait, character stats, level and/or gear – have a higher chance at disarming a trapMany items in dungeons have their functionality concealed until identified upon exiting a dungeonSome items are cursed and may require the use of other items to remove the curseUnique items that are sold or discarded cannot be obtained through the current playthroughPermadeath of an individual character is possible if they are not allowed to recover properly in town or if they die while being a senior/oldYou have the option to level up upon reaching the required amount of experience points, yielding a bonus point to distribute, an additional skill or spell if the level requirement is met, and an amount of hit points and/or spell points depending on your attributes and class – edit: I stopped save scumming - difference is minimalTwo game difficulties are available – with Normal difficulty having a moderate chance to one-hit kill level 1 character or encounter higher level enemies in the early dungeons that can wipe your party – some options exist for escaping battleContent Rating:Nothing appears to be censored from the original Japanese versionCharacter portraits may contain moderate to exceptional female cleavage and underboobEdit: Some buff pec dwarves running around, but are sans nipples and sans bulge - you will need to import these if you would like this contentSome still pictures display gore of monstrous creatures such as a beheaded dragon-like creature with bloodThe opening movie contains some scenes of bloodMild language in Japanese, however, these are not subtitledFemale damage and death noises can be mistaken for sexual moaningEdit: What I Enjoy:I enjoy the painted artwork style of the still backgrounds and character portraitsSo far the music has matched most of the situations and has been enjoyable  - an eerie tune for a suspicious encounter, a busier synthesized orchestra for a boss battle or a semi-upbeat tavern-ish music for being at baseMixing and matching a roster of 10+ characters and class changing them to build characters such as a bow-wielding swift Cleric that is safer in the back row and first to act if healing is needed, a heavy armor Mage who can take a bigger beating or a Fighter that's had some dancing lessons and can attack any range with an axe.I've found the story to be okay so far - not exceptional, not unremarkable, middle ground animesque story - human in a fantasy world with exceptional powers will play a role in determining the future of that world.I realize what I enjoy about the game may not be the same as what others enjoy. It may be silly, but I couldn't find a manual for the game in the files and had to launch the game to use the in-game help files. Meanwhile, gonna draw some nipples on the dwarves and have them brave the dungeons."
76561197970536211,Recommended,409890,23680029,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Rishnu,"Have you ever played a game where every step you take is a gamble?  Every fight could end your progress and set you back hours?  Did you enjoy it?  If so this game might be for you.There is little or no explination for almost everything in the game.  You get a tiny tutorial and off you go.  Beyond them directing you how to make your own party there is very little in the way of useful information.   No hand holding at all.  Right off the bat every enemy in the game is stronger than you are.  Be prepared to grind.Every single encounter in this game is a gamble.  You've collected some rare loot, do you go to town or do you keep exploring?  You beat an important enemy do you try and limp back to  town or do you keep on exploring and maybe find a way stone back instead?   The problem, and also part of the appeal of this game is that there is always something in the area that can and will 1 shot someone in your party.  It's a challenge, and a joy to finally push through these enemies.   It's also a right pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥when you are simply trying to get back to town and get ambushed and wind up with half a party of corpses.   The game has little or no sympathy for you.Other than that it's pretty much a dungeon crawler, you make your 6 characters and work your way through various dungeons.  The classes are all fairly solid and bring different strengths to the table.I wish there was a maybe button."
76561197970718210,Recommended,409890,23475844,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,OneSan,"If you like dungeon crawlers even a little bit, play this game."
76561198030764476,Recommended,409890,23446314,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,tbelair,"I rarely write any reviews about any game, however I thought I would add my thoughts to this one.First off, this game is reminded me of the old styles like Eye of the Beholder and recent games like Demon's Gaze. It feels somewhat in between both which is a good thing. The art style is wonderful, along with its musical sound track. Loot and gear is about grinding out ambushes and at first it can feel overwhelming regardless of diffculty. (I have tried both and found both challenging).A few things I would like to see changed, or my biggest problems A) is needing to return to the strangers guild to save, which when you need to save you need to run back. (If you dont have the butterfly wings to port back) B) Also the randomness of the enemies, you could be grinding away (this isnt about ambushes) through the dungeons when a random or placed encounter will have a strong enemy rendomly in the group. Other then those 2 problems I have with this game, I would recommend this game outright for anyone who loves dungeon crawlers."
76561198136229357,Recommended,409890,30350008,Posted: 5 March,all,Agape,"Probably one of the more unique visual novels I've played in a while. You are able to create your own avatar and eventually your whole party. The gameplay is quite interesting in that you get random item drops with varying degrees of quality, so kind of like a typical dungeon crawler. Many of the maps can be done any different orders, so there is some replayability in this sense along with the item drops. One of the most interesting things though are the two different art styles they allow you to pick, which you can even change in game after you've started at virtually any time. Combat is fun and can be challenging at times if your not properly prepared with a stock of items. You don't really ever have to grind since mobs scale to your level, but with the class system that allows you to level up multile combinations it gives a lot of incentive to create strong characters. Definitly enjoyed this one and would recommend to any RPG or visual novel fan! Bought the game at full price and I believe it is well worth it.It seems some people have experienced crashes with this game for some reason, but I did not experience any in my entire playtime under Windows 10, it should be noted though I did not install the game on the windows drive, but one of my other four."
,Recommended,409890,23436266,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,McKenzie,"This game is really, really cool. It's definitly a band-wagon that other companies could have hopped on, but nope. NIS quick scoped it before anyone else. Really sucks to be those other companies.10/10 Would respect a sequel. (and DLC)"
76561198024080920,Not Recommended,409890,30332421,Posted: 5 March,all,Inzu,"Looks like a fun game but crashes over and over.    Sometimes during character creation, sometimes during the first battle.Reading in the forums, it doesn't seem to be caused by the windows version but some other factor.Disappointing that it crashes.  Like the art style and the voicing."
,Recommended,409890,23554791,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,comcen99,"I bought this game is because it reminded me of the sega classic : Shining in the darkness.Those who expect beautiful hd dungeon backgrounds would have to look else where. Thedungeon backgrounds are very plain. The game is a touch of old Dos dungeon crawlingwith japanese rpg tinkering. I recommend potential buyers to check on youtube whetherthis is for you. That said I recommend fans of this genre to buy this.Pros: Auto mapping for this type of game is greating appreciatedNot too hard on beginner and normalCharacter designs are greatCan upload custom portraits2 types of character designs to switchSmall file sizeNIS ports for PCCons: Ugly dungeon backgrounds contrast to the monsters and character designsNot enough default portraitsStory? Not much.Upgraded version for vita, PC is geting the old versionNo prinniesCharacters in the game rarely have any depth to it.Some 32-bit systems will crash about 1hr of gameplay"
76561198047669191,Recommended,409890,26665598,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SatelliteOfLove,"A number of Wizardry-alikes get made, but it's a minefield even in this well-trodden ground. Too easy, too random (aka Wizardry IV :P), too self-referential, too many random mechanics, too cheap...but the folks at Experience have proven some of the best at this old game, and SoSC is one of their best.Stranger is on the harder, more traditional end of this company's effort; the music is epic and operatic, the monsters and the portraiture are moody oil paintings, the story is grim and mature, and the difficulty is definately nasty and intolerant of mistakes. This is a boon for those who don't usually like how the player characters of their J-DRPGs tend to be on the cute side.The character building system is well-made, providing a great sub-classing system that is at once both full of synergy yet not absolutely mandatory. Getting all of that with so few of them is really smart. I also found the Divinities system a highlight, allowing you to go with some real decision-making reguarding how you wanna fight and build, and allowing some ""tug of wars"" with the bosses. The Ambush system wasn't as rough as I expected (I expected rote grinding but it was great in small bursts with that delectable DRPG risk/reward).I did have a few problems with how automated combat works, how numbers flew up behind forward rows, and hotkeys function but these are minor quibbles.Altogether, this is a seriously great DRPG and a good buy for anyone looking to get another one experienced."
,Recommended,409890,23528492,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Atlas 141,"TL:DR - 7/10 Stranger of Sword City is my first dungeon crawler game and I'm quite enjoying it. It gets surprisingly fun and intense at times, with the only downsides being the sometimes insane difficulty spikes and the weird save system where you have to abandon wherever you are, trek back to the capital, and save. Which means you then have to trek all the way back. Definitely a JRPG in that regard. Definitely worth a purchase if it's on sale and you're curious.Overview:Stranger of Sword City is a JRPG dungeon crawler. As a new player to the genre this basically means that you build a party of 6 people and traverse the world in first person moving on a grid system. As you move through the world combat occurs through random encounters, which occasionally spawning 'Lineage' monsters. These Lineage monsters are basically just unique enemies that carry inside of them 'Blood Crystals', which are needed to boost you and your chosen God's power.It's worth noting that these Blood Crystals are also what move the story forward. So you need to make decent use of your Journal > Lineage List to make sure you haven't missed any in an area (as far as I know you can leave one or two behind, just be sure to gather as many as you can to hit the story chapters). Unfortunately this is also where the game can get frustrating at times due to the difficulty spikes and grinding involved, but more on that later.Story 8/10:The game starts out with you travelling on an airplane that mysteriously gets teleported from another dimension/world, where it crash lands. Shortly after you learn that you are a 'Stranger' (a human from Earth that has significant power in this other world) and meet Riu, the Commander-in-Chief of the Stranger Guild. Riu then explains the world to you, your power, as well as introducing you to the other characters who then set you off into the world to test out your power and train you.I'd estimate I'm roughly half way through the game at 30 hours and the story has kept my interest. I think the story is engaging, the characters are interesting, and the world itself - whilst distinctly JRPG - is also worth your time. The plot does a good job of holding your attention by slowly unraveling the mystery that is the source of your powers, the blood crystals, and why you're in this world. The political jousting between the 3 main factions are definitely unique and each has a strong pull to side with them. The game very much operates on a 'there is no right choice, only choice itself' mechanic, which is a nice change and definitely something that holds the game up.The story is effectively broken down into 'collect x Blood Crystals' to advance, which occasionally changes 'clear this area' or 'slay this'. It does have a contextual reason for doing all this though; the problem is that occasionally it can feel like you were told something, started it, came back the next day... and there's not really a detailed log of what you're supposed to do. So sometimes you can feel a little lost if you're not familiar with the genre. For example: I had received a key to unlock a new dungeon area, except I couldn't use it. I was told I could, but I couldn't. The reason was that I hadn't gone and defeated a boss in a totally unrelated section of the world. The problem was that I was trying to not to fight that boss because I needed more levels to fight him effectively, and I wanted to grind/explore a new area rather than tread familiar ground.Gameplay 7/10:The core gameplay mechanics for Stranger of Sword City comes down to building a party of 6 and then pitting them against the world. The classes can have several different 'jobs' which determine their roles in combat, such as defense, attack, support, heal, magic, etc. The classes all play differently and each have their own place in the world. None of the classes feel worthless, which is a good thing. It's worth mentioning that depending on where you are in the world you'll need to take a cleric/wizard due to certain support abilities they have, though.Each class and job has specific skills and abilities they can use, which you gain through leveling up each character. The powers do get more powerful and interesting as the levels go by, but it can take a very long time of you wishing you had a certain ability, only to get it 6-10 hours later.The good thing is you can 'auto-apply' skills/abilities in fights to quickly end both your and the enemy's turn. This enables you to blast through the same old fights.The downside to combat/gameplay is two-fold:1. The goddamn saving systemIf you want to save this game you either have to retrace your steps all the way back to where you entered the dungeon, or use a very expensive butterfly to teleport back to your capital where you can then hard save the game. So if you fight for an hour, and get randomly wiped out, all that progress is lost. Pretty old school. This can be a very frustrating problem because sometimes you'll be fighting in an area with enemies that are your level, just below, or just a bit above. Then suddenly a enemy with 15-20+ levels on you will appear out of nowhere and they will start one shotting you if you don't escape. There are teleport points in the middle of levels, but it can be a struggle reaching them when you're new to an area.There's a particularly annoying boss fight that is a real struggle about mid way through the game. You defeat her, only to be taken to another stage - without being able to save - where you then fight a second boss who is even stronger. And he will start one-shotting you immediately. All that progress wasted, pretty brutal (and annoying). It just means more, and more grinding, which you know, don't pad games out this way please.2. The difficulty spikesThe game itself is pretty hard as standard, you've got to be prepared to do some grinding to just make it somewhat easy. This isn't too much of a problem because there are a quite a few large dungeons to fully explore and clear, so you're not quite grinding since you're experiencing something new each time. But there are some fights where you've gotten as far as you can in the world without endless grinding and you just hit a brick wall of difficulty. It's not even about skill, if the boss senses weakness in levels/hp/abilities it'll just start KO'ing at will without mercy.So you're forced to grind to stand a chance, and even then you'll scrape through. The strange thing is that after that bit the difficulty will go back to normal levels, it gets frustrating and tiring.Combat is nuanced and there are many tactics and strategies you can use, but you've also got to build an understanding of how certain enemies fight. It's interesting and each new enemy that's introduced keeps you involved enough to keep going through what can at times be a grind.Graphics/Art 7/10:If you like that modern Japanese art style, the game is very well done. The character portraits are skillfully drawn and the painted backgrounds/environments in set pieces help pull you into the story more. The game engine itself however... well it's just there to run the combat system I guess. The game engine environments aren't pretty, but to be honest any PC can run this game and it is a dungeon crawler from the PSP, so you can't expect Unreal Engine. The engine graphics do the job, sometimes that's all you need.Conclusion: 7/10It's a fun game that will hold your interest and is definitely worth picking up on sale. At full price it's a bit expensive though if you're not familiar with the dungeon crawler genre. If you're curious just as I was pick it up when it's on sale, it's a good buy and it will keep you entertained so long as you overlook the difficulty spikes, the frustrating save system, and the forced grinding."
76561198060561480,Recommended,409890,24306652,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ROMEO,One of the best games I ever played
76561198086226140,Recommended,409890,28308461,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,NickM1,"Be warned: This is a game of immense frustration. This is the kind of game where you can spend up to an hour trying to find a specific boss only for it to one shot kill your entire team for its first turn. There is a permanent death system that will catch up with you sooner or later and put you in a very bad position eventually. Be wary of death, you may only revive so many times before your character is gone for good. Progression demands many long hours of level grinding and equipment grinding.Basically, this is an RPG with depth and requires immense patience, planning, and a lot of level grinding.If you consider those positives, this game comes reccomended.Other pros and cons include:Pros:Very customizable. Anyone with any knowledge of picture editing can upload custom sprites for their party members as well.A story with good lore and characters and interesting twists.An option in the menu to switch between two styles of art for story characters and CGs.ConsCan be very cheap and frustrating in general.Dungeons are extremely petty and mostly serve for boss hunting and level grinding.The music is mediocre to just alright in my opinion, but can be turned off if you want to listen to something else."
,Recommended,409890,24304500,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,gamehits,"Ok here it is...this game is very awesome _IF_ you're interested in playing an old school console dungeon crawler ala Shining in the Darknes (Genesis) or Arcana (SNES).  It's _NOT_ a modern PC dungeon crawler by any stretch...BUT if you are itching for that old school grindy goodness, this title won't disappoint.Graphics 8Music/Sound 9Control 6Overall 8.5+++++++++++++++++++++UPDATE+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++After spending 60+ hours on SOSC my review still stands with a caveat: this game is REALLY stacked against you. When other reviews say some pre-planning is involved...plan to restart this game a few times before you grasp what will work best for you.  Slogging around with your original party can be both fun and frustrating..."
76561197974961727,Not Recommended,409890,30324220,Posted: 4 March,all,Manu77,"Can't say I like it in short the learning curve is steep.A lot is dumped on you with the expectation that you can pick it up.Graphics are very average, the battles are annoying with the number of commands you have to issue (And I loathe the final confirmation: apply, fast apply or redo).Also the levels of monsters you meet is very random: you can face spellcasters very early on armed with a one-cast kill spell. Yes, you get some kind of escape spell but if a group block your return to the city and you can't fight it. Well, that's just bad luck and reload your last save.Bonus is that you can only save in the city so if you venture far off and got to quit the game, progress is not saved. While I can understand the idea, this is quite frustrating.Add some skills such as Concentrate with a description: ""Use skills which require concentrate"" and good luck guessing what they do.From the positive comments, people seemed to enjoy it once past the beginning but I don't get the charm of the game and grinding in the very start of the labyrinth really doesn't appeal to me (and it is very slow there). I do enjoy dungeon crawl games but not that one unfortunately."
,Recommended,409890,23424650,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,zimfier,Prepare to spend an hour hitting that reroll button.
76561198106165594,Recommended,409890,23429303,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Maximus,"I just want to say that I am really enjoying this game. SOWC is more on the difficult side, but I like a good challenge. As soon as I launched the game, the music instantly captured me. The music in SOWC is just so amazing! I like the art style, and the characters seem to have nice personalities. In SOWC, you will get to create your own party with customized characters including race, appearance, names, etc. You will explore dungeons, slay monsters, and find loot! The Blood Crystal system is very nice and you will be able to unlock a ton of abilities on top of your characters class skills and spells. I am also liking the story so far, a plane crash... It really brings the drama right into the game. So, all in all, I give this a perfect 10/10 IMO. It is exactly what I was looking for!"
76561197968891301,Not Recommended,409890,29466740,Posted: 24 January,all,Mindroth,Very pretty.  Gameplay is exclusively grinding.  Story is forgettable.
76561197988810433,Not Recommended,409890,30254036,Posted: 28 February,all,James,"I really want to like this game. I really do, And it seems to have a promising begining. The only problem is that I can't get anyt farther then the first map, without the game crashing.  And this isn't just an isolated case either. PLenty of people are having this problem too. I dunno. If there's an update or someone finds a fix, I'd love to keep playing this game. But until then...For the record, most of the people experiencing problems with the game constantly crashing seem to be Windows 10 users, so if you are one such person, buy at your own risk.Edit:I found a way to get it to run reliably. I have it installed on a drive that is not the same as my windows install (I guess for some reason that makes a difference)The game it's self is very fun. Lots of good artwork for the characters. Definatly very grindy, with regaurds getting gear, and levels. Having characters age, and permadeath is an interesting adition that seems like it could be neat, or really annoying. I haven't really played long enough to see how much of an effect it has on things.I guess technically I'm still in the tutorial bit of the game, but there seems to be a LOT of clutter on the headsup that I have no idea what it does. Which seems like not the greatest design choice either.  The bit that I played definatley seems to be good, but as of now, I still feel like The Etrian Odyessy Series (especially the remakes of the first 2 games, and 4) are much better examples of modern takes on FP Dungeon Crawling.But here's the thing. I doesn't feel like that great of a port. All of the button imput prompts are ""button 1"" and so on, if you are using keyboard and mouse, instead of what the default keyboard buttons actually are. And then, as I mentioned above, the sheer ammount of work that I had to go through to play thte game was a little annoying too. I just feel like there could have been more work put into making this a nice stable PC game."
76561198044087373,Not Recommended,409890,24460540,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,[WBW] Botched Attempt,"I wanted to like this game. It has so much going for it. The art is fantastic, the atmosphere is compelling, and the characters are (mostly) pretty interesting. But after playing through the first few dungeons, I just couldn't ignore some of the more annoying flaws with the game. Worst of all was how character deaths are handled.When you create each character, you decide how old they are. This determines how many lives they have (how many times they can die in combat before being gone forever), and how big of a stat bonus they get at creation. Older characters will have significantly higher stats but will only be able to die once before you lose that character entirely along with any equipment they had. So in order to have a character that can actually survive playing the game (because unless you want to grind out levels until you're certain nobody in your party can die to a certain boss, most of your characters will eventually die at least once), you have to sacrifice 5-7 levels worth of stat bonuses. That's the stat difference between a character with one life as opposed to one with two. The good part is that you can recover those lives if you choose to create a character with at least two maximum lives. This sounds great at first, but then you find out that it takes a VERY long time to first revive a fallen party member, and then it takes even longer to recover lost lives. The solution: have backup party members so you can switch them out with fallen ones to keep going through dungeons. This means that you have to do twice as much work maintaining backup members that do not gain experience unless they are in your party. All in all, there's just WAY too much inevitable grind in this game, and any minor character death feels like a game over.The game was fun for a while, but instead of progressing into being more challenging and rewarding, it just progressed into being more punishing and frustrating because of the amount of work it takes to catch back up after a character death."
,Recommended,409890,29403545,Posted: 21 January,all,void,"A good Wizardry-like game with a great soundtrack. Recommended if you like Wizardry, Elminage, or Etrian Odyssey."
76561198015869710,Recommended,409890,23521937,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,InSiddious,I very much like this! The freedom to build your own team and go dungeon crawling without having to deal with trolls and other poeple online.Great voice acting too.
76561198042024582,Recommended,409890,23529619,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Voitan_Rex,"Good Wizardry game, a little customization for portraits, and waifus."
,Recommended,409890,24017288,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Telaros,"As a huge fan of games like Etrian Odyssey, Shinning the Holy Ark and it's prequel Shinning in the Darkness as well as Demon Gaze and slew of others, this game fails to truly immerse me.Not to mention the spike in difficulty on a normal setting for an intro alone is exaggerated for what is a tutorial where a potion heals you for less than a silly goblin's normal attack deals you. You shoudln't feel worthless against a tutorial underling. The 'hydra' perhaps, but not a goblin. That's just plain sad when you're relegated to defend until the higher lvl stranger does all the work despite encouraging you to attack.The art is lovely, but the combat skill animations even looking ahead into what future abilities look like have me feeling as if this game spent most its resources on art and not much else. Game balance is important. Etrian may be punishing and grindy but it at least has charm. This game's story thus far is as minimal cookie cutter as it gets.I'm starving for good, challenging rpgs, but I don't feel I'm getting my money's worth and will likely seek a refund which I'll use to just get Star Ocean on ps4 until this hits a bigger sale of 15 bucks at best. 30 for now makes me feel like I'm supporting an RPG maker game with a lot of good yet inconsistently well made art.Some of the art look more like unfinished concept sketches than a final result.If you're looking for some RPG dungeon crawling I'd recommend the The Legend of Grimmlock 1 or 2 for what this game gives you. Or invest in a PS VITA OLED and just drown yourself in rpg dungeon crawlers or a 3DS. You may scuff at handhelds but they provide much more satisfaction these days than most anything found on PC or consoles if you're a fan of this genre.I will thank NIS though for bringing this nice looking dungeon crawler to PC. Not my first choice of titles they COULD have brought over but I'll pick this one up again down the road when it's at a more acceptable price range. It's just too simple and not well balanced imho.Gameplay: 5/10 AverageArt: 8/10 World and character art look amazing. Some character portraits have an unfinished or censored look to them however.Story: 4/10 It's pretty cookie cutter and starts off much like every anime ever. Very bland, no sense of mystery or intrigue. Very generic story telling.Combat: 7/10 Slow. Highly repetitive and clearly tries too hard to slow your progress needlessly. This coming from someone who played almost 200 hours on Etrian Odyssey on DS and spent far more time rpging amongst my customized party than any normal person should. ^^;Overall First Impressions Score : 6/10 You CAN find enjoyment in this if you invest the time grinding. Art is still pleasing to the eye and mobs are very well drawn. It's like what assests you'd expect to be the norm by now in a RPG Maker 2016 made game. Recommended to the most diehard of RPG fans.Final Say: A mediocre drpg with little substance beyond the random anime furries and overly exaggerated make and female archtypes that seek to try and appeal to anyone from a lolicon, furry, to those into bulging biceps and massive♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is typical in games and I've no problems with it usually, but in this case it all feels blatantly hollow.Good voice casting at least. No english as per the norm with NIS ports.*I heard somewhere you could upload your own art for character portraits though I could not find a guide for this. Perhaps I misread that one commenter's positive review?Disclaimer: This is a first impressions review and does not reflect my views on the game's later parts. I base my thoughts on gameplay, feel (immersion), aesthetics, and story.Is It Worth Buying: Wait for a sale of $15 or less. Not one of NIS' best so do please consider their other games such as the MUST have Phantom Brave soon to release or Disgaea.To Casual JRPG Fans: This isn't for you. I can only recommend to the most diehard of dungeon crawling fans for this. If you like anime and you go by looks alone you'll be sorely dissapointed. Do it for the masochistic challenge of surviving long enough to invest into this min-maxing of your stat management skills. If that doesn't appeal to you then look elsewhere. Not a terrible game, not a terribly good one either."
,Not Recommended,409890,23509278,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,FacepalmRunner,"I think the character level is too important in combat. There's no strategy would help if the characters' level are not high enough. And here comes the biggest issue of this game - THE LEVELING SPEED IS WAY TOO SLOW. You don't earn many more experience points from killing high level monsters, either. And there's a class change system which could be funny becomes a nightmare due to the leveling speed (Changing class halves a character's level).Don't buy this game if you don't have the patience for the long and boring leveling time."
76561198088596942,Not Recommended,409890,23533006,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,dellandu,"It’s not a bad game, but XTH series is WAY better than this. I could not believe how much dungeon crawler of Team Muramasa has degenerated.In XTH:It has different graphic for equipments that actually show on your characters.It offers class diversity (there is no class change in XTH, only a sub-class).It offers build diversity (you cannot max all your stats).It has a longer and more involved story.It features a Tamer class.It has more NPC/Boss and they are memorable.It does not throw random 20+ level higher enemies at you.IT DOES NOT CRASH!This is a watered-down version of XTH, so it’s not a bad game. But the lack of diversity and customization killed it (I can build a party with 6 99yo Wizards as tank/dps/cc/healer, what’s the fun in that?). They must hired a teenager to design this.Oh, and I just lost my 2 hours long play due to a random crash. Lovely!"
,Recommended,409890,24148379,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,S̶͖͐p̷̡̒ö̷õ̴k̴ÿ̵́,This game broke Jesse Cox. 11/10
76561197994581058,Not Recommended,409890,23536518,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,GenericName,"Alright, this game has beautiful images but is amateurish in its presentation.  In short the gameplay isn't so good.  The story is blah, nothing special but not horrible.The problem with gameplay isn't game breaking but it's frustrating.  The inventory isn't sorted for you so it becomes a complete mess over time.  You are forced to have three characters in the front row unlike you opponents, meaning that they will attack, almost exclusively, your weakest character.  Making all your weak guys in the back row move forward and get slaughtered.  The game doesn't explain certain aspects during the tutorial leaving you to figure it out, such as what all that greyed out stuff on your screen is about.  The easy area you start in only becomes easy once you've attained level 5 and had a few of your characters die a few times.  To some that may seem like a great challenge but really it's just poor design, having monsters spawn in in random numbers, one to nine, and with a level varience of 20, it's pathetic.  One fight you could be fighting one level eight monster and the next nine level twenty two's.  You do not level up very quickly either so that level five is going to take some time.  Grinding is very center stage in this game, you get little money over time leaving you with little options when it comes to purchasing items in game.  Items are very rarely dropped by enemies so you must conduct hiding actions in set up areas to ambush large monsters to steal there treasure chest, but you must be quick as they will run away after a few turns.  I really like this feature, but it feels like it may have been included so they could more legitimize the horrible drop rates.Ultimately this game feels like they delibrately made leveling up and item gains slow so as to provide fluff for a game that otherwise wouldn't be terribly long.  Add to that the rather random difficulty of battles and this whole game feels like it was made by people who didn't know what they were doing.In conclusion, it will frustrate you but it's not horrible.  Buy it on sale, or buy something else.  Anything over twenty bucks for this game is really not worth it."
76561197999169735,Not Recommended,409890,24110706,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zikh,"If you want a boring, endless grind with little variation, buy the game.You'll be spending 99% of the time spamming the fast auto battle command only to suddenly notice that your party got wiped because there was a suddenly 10 level higher monsters in the back row and their one AOE attack wiped your entire party. You just lost all progression and it's literally game over so time to load.The game mechanics, skills, items and leveling system are all extremely shallow and lack choice. There are hundreds of better games to grind in on Steam, pick any one of them instead. They are a lot cheaper as well.Try Faster Than Light, Invisible Inc. or even King's Bounty: Armored Princess and crossroads to satisfy your grinding needs."
,Recommended,409890,23681914,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Quorra,Totally great Dungeon Crawler Game !!!!
,Recommended,409890,33424049,Posted: 9 July,all,SCPantera,"If you love RPGs and JRPGs, are okay with old-school dungeon crawlers, and also fine with a game being unapolagetically hard if you don't bother to learn it's mechanics then this is a solid game that's worth the sorta-steep pricetag."
,Recommended,409890,28775311,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Scarlet Red,Good animation Good story Good for me~Personally I love this kind of design. Even if this game comes out 10 years later I will still buy it.
76561198314007822,Recommended,409890,29284149,Posted: 15 January,all,Mumen Rider,Would Re-roll Bonus Points to 2x for hours again. 10/10.
76561197991942615,Not Recommended,409890,24921712,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Faray,"It's a pretty game, that starts of fun, but then the grind and tediousness starts to wear in.You can’t save in dungeons (In fact you can only save at the base), so when you die (Which you will, as enemy’s have one-hit k.o. attacks) you will have to either reset and lose your progress, or wait a ridiculous amount of time for them to heal up, forcing you to use other characters, setting them behind on the grind for them to die again.There’s no fast travel to the dungeons, in fact once you find a dungeon that’s inside of another dungeon you have to go to the previous dungeon to find the entrance. There are items that let you escape, but they are limited. Now each dungeon has a teleporter, that allows you to teleport to that part of the dungeon, or leave from there. Sound great right? Well there’s a catch, randomly a boss will reappear and guard that point, when that happens you CAN NOT teleport using that. You have to go back, fight the boss, redoing part of the dungeon. Of course this happens after you leave a dungeon so if it’s a teleport that you need to use, have wasting your time.It’s a shame because this game had a lot of neat features that could have made it great, but in the end there’s so much stuff that I feel is added just to make the game feel longer than it is."
76561197974905520,Not Recommended,409890,30255197,Posted: 28 February,all,3D Lunatic,"Game looks beautiful, the artwork is breathtaking. The oldschool method of navigation (go forward, turn 90 degrees, go forward again) is not charming but forgivable. Unfortunately, the game crashed inevitably for me both in windowed and full screen mode. It happens at different points and without the chance to save. Therefore, I cannot give a positive review until it's stable.Artwork: 10/10Gameplay: 7/10Stability: 0/10Wait until they fix the stability issues."
,Recommended,409890,23427455,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Iskander,Really fun DRPG. Haven't encountered any bugs so it seems like it's a good port.
,Not Recommended,409890,23577683,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Omega Battle,to recover LP you will need to wait 4hrs in real life
,Not Recommended,409890,25519448,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Fume,The xp farming is so boring and didnt like the characters build up either.There arent many things to do apart from wandering and farming at the same places.
76561197984172954,Recommended,409890,31570926,Posted: 5 May,all,Thamor,Good old school rpg...
76561198065106126,Recommended,409890,23482720,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,mmoore0110,meh its ok
,Recommended,409890,23494145,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,トーマス,plz fix crash ;-;
,Not Recommended,409890,23638244,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Agranite (Luong),"Regardless of all the good reviews, I find myself constantly having problems with the game and I am not alone. The game does not work under Windows 10, if you use a gamepad, or using a laptop.Some major problems are:- Constantly crashes every 10 minutes or so, can't even progress through the game- The gamepad stop functionality often, so you can't use it until you restart the game- Inventory is bug. When checking or using item, the inventory will constantly change pages without stopping- Keyboard keybinds are very limited- RNG for bonus stats is just plain ridiculous. Be prepare to waste anywhere from 10 to 30 minutes rolling for decent bonus stats per characters. that's a total of at least 6 characters.Maybe under different circumstances when the game isn't so buggy, the game may be worthwhile but at this point, it is not. Especially if you are on Windows 10 or enjoy using a gamepad."
76561198268146394,Not Recommended,409890,34804615,Posted: 7 September,all,twoangrysherpas,"Gameplay was uninspired, controls were counterintuitive, character customization was lackluster, and difficulty was ridiculous on lowest setting."
,Not Recommended,409890,23455551,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,grimcub,It keeps crashing for me at random times on windows 10.Even if i just leave the game running without touching anythingI still haven't reached the first save point because of this.Untill this is fixed it's completely unplayable.
,Recommended,409890,32532446,Posted: 18 June,all,Strelok,A very fun dungeon crawler with nice graphic tile sets and custom import sets as well.Battle Hordes of demons with qt waifs.
,Recommended,409890,33605915,Posted: 17 July,all,I'm nothing,"This game suck,Oh !  just kidding story good graphic good sound good but it's hard sometimes (If you have bad luck) ,but  i don't understand sometimes. monster are level 10 but it's can kill me at level 18 and boss are low level than creep.(except lineage)"
,Not Recommended,409890,30260708,Posted: 1 March,all,FxckCaT,I do not know why the game always crashed in window1o.Even I cannot finish the process of creating character for three times.So bad !
76561198022023510,Not Recommended,409890,30286284,Posted: 2 March,all,LUpoKAttivo,game crashes every 10 mins. no devs who cares...nice
76561198058942812,Not Recommended,409890,23727435,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Snowryo,Awesome Artworks. But the rest wasnt really great.
,Not Recommended,409890,23446600,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,🐧 crow,"a combination of oldschool dungeon crawling and a terrible, but not oldschool, death system. wizardry was more lenient about dead characters than this nonsense, which fundamentally makes the game a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ grind where you must wait around tediously for people to stop being dead so yu can continue playing the game. ♥♥♥♥ this game!"
76561198060502964,Not Recommended,409890,24193088,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tides,"First play, i start up the game and make my character. I have no idea what this bonus roll is about but i try rerolling a few times (minimum at 5) and end with a 11. Good enough i guess, i have no idea.Instantly, i regret the name i picked and decide to make a new game.1,5 hours later i'm still clicking reroll trying to get 11 again.. I wanna kill myself"
,Not Recommended,409890,23685076,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mr.DelDongo #LFDates,Should be called stranger of crash city
,Not Recommended,409890,26680278,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kitemay,re-roll simulator 2016.
,Recommended,409890,33412607,Posted: 9 July,all,Dysoth,.
,Not Recommended,409890,30238893,Posted: 28 February,all,Adzmodean,"For starters, the game appears to run in windowed mode as default. The game's controller method is completely broken. The mouse cursor immediately disappears, and for an unknown reason the mouse is delivering constant ""move left"" inputs even when not being touched. As a result the control method is unable to be manually changed. A Proprietry XBOX controller does not work at all with the program.This title should not be for sale in its current state. I will be leaving a negative review. Steam; learn to QC."
76561198207980463,Not Recommended,409890,23427626,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nandrob,The game crashes constantly. I can't play for more than 10-20 minutes without encountering a crash
76561198295604614,Recommended,409890,23423126,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,armsgx,"good game. A bit confuse with Direction of where to go. Also How to save game, Anyone pls tell me"
,Recommended,409890,23571856,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,Runs at a solid 75 fps. Lets you add custom character portraits. A simplistic but solid dungeon crawler with a very nice art style.
,Recommended,409890,23480666,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,8/5 would reroll additional stat points again
76561198008427022,Recommended,409890,23471811,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,XT,"This is a good little dungeon crawler.  It has a permadeath system, but you get multiple lives that can be regenerated with time.  Of course, if you're not careful, you'll find that you've run out of living party members to field, though you can always opt to reset back to your last save too.The mechanics of it are rather interesting as well and you can change classes multiple times with a limited amount of skills carrying over.  You probably want to wait until at least level 13 for the skill token, though."
76561198005641507,Recommended,409890,23959996,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,WilhemFaust,"Good dungeon crawler with lots of things to do. Graphics aren't up with what a game released nowaday should be but the art works are gorgerous. Gameplay is classic for a dungeon crawler and get the job done. This game allowed me the relive the sweet nostalgia of when I used to play Land of Lore on my old PC - DX33 and just for that it was well worth playing it. I'm sure I still have a lots of thing to discover as I start the ""new game plus"" part of the game but the game already has delivered what I paid for before I had even finished my first playthrough and makes it a dungeon crawler that I highly recommend to those who love the genre but I should warn people new to this genre that this is not the easier game to start with as it's difficulty is indeed rather high."
,Recommended,409890,24039159,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,redpinky,"A beautiful dungeon crawler that I wanted to play so much, but too bad it crashes everytime on my system (Win10), hopefully the dev will come up with a fix soon."
76561198281568815,Recommended,409890,35255271,Posted: 27 September,all,Lonewolf Enoch,"Here is a personal review of Stranger of Sword City. (from someone who does not know the Anime)Hopefully I can be of a little help for you to decide on playing this game.=Long story short=If you like dungeon-crawling, multi-classing, grinding, and/or farming, get it.If you like spending hours and hours building your character up, get it.If you are a Wizardry fan, get it. Period.=Short story long=This is what you get.Portrait - very nice built in portraits, import custom portraitsAge - Age affects times of death (can always heal so no problem here) and bonus roll points for attribute. Younger have more life, older has more bonus points.Race - Human, Elf, Dward, Migmy (something like a Gnome in D&D), Ney (a cat/fox-human hybrid)Talents - Fortunate (bonus attribue points), Educated (better identify items), Invincible (no one shot death), Intuition (better identify treasure/traps), Wild Eye (better finding secret doors)Attributes - Strength, Intellegence, Piety, Vitality, Agility, LuckClass - Fighter, Knight, Samurai, Ranger, Ninja, Dancer, Cleric, Wizard (no class has attribue requirements)Character voice - Chose from 36 different voice (some good, some too mechanical). Attack, Damage, and Death voice.Name and Nickname - (if you cannot chose, just name them the same)6 equipment slots - Main hand, Off hand, Head, Body, Underwear, AccessoryThink this will cover the basic game system.Here are my 'personal' pros/cons:=Pros= (in no order)Artwork of portraitCustom portraits, importing custom portraits is just an awesome +Control is very easy, could use only keyboard or mouse throughout the game (can customize hot-keys)Interesting story lineAutomatic mapping, auto-run to point already explored (this is a great option!)Class change system (upto 5 times for a total of 6 classes)Many different equipments (including Unique one-of-a-kind items)Ambushing (or rather item farming - set up amush at certain map locations to steal chests)=Cons=Artwork of portrait (some artwork are mobs lol)Control - There are no hot-keys for combat options (example [A]ttack, [D]efend, S[K]ill, [S]pell). So you will have to mouse click or navigate with movement keys.Story line - The English text is very repetitive, don't know about Japanese. The plot giver (NPC) repeates the same thing in different wording many times. (my example: Make sure to give your mom a hug. Hug your mom, okay?. Don't forget to hug your mom before you leave. Huging your mom is showing that you appreciate her.)Many different equipment (but many becomes obsolete - just trash, the stat difference between some equipment are too great)One-hit-death, the critical strike (many people will think this as a con just because the mobs have it. But remember, you do also. Besides, there are skills and talent and spells that can protect you from them so not a big deal later on)Not enough spells nor diversity=Conclusion=A little clumsy overall, but that's the attractiveness that keeps me going.It's fun when you find a Dirty underwear +10 and think about wearing it because you have a Leather Undie +2.Very very enjoyable game and is highly recommended for it's genre.PS: don't forget to hug your mom =)"
