user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,409910,22055635,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Cablenexus,"Do you know that feeling? Keep playing games, extend your library and hoping for that one game that brings all your gaming wishes together? I have that often. Sometimes I see myself browsing the Steam library for hours just to find that one game that fits all my demands.Last year I discovered just a few of those hidden gems. I mention Thea: The Awakening because of the small team who managed to freshening a stale genre of countless 4x games around the same fantasy setting and around the same game mechanism. And more recently I discovered, while less complete yet and still in EA, Last Days of Old Earth. Like Thea it has some fresh new ideas and combinations of different genres (card game, tactical battles, turn based strategy) that fits well together.While browsing a Steam friend's library and wishlist searching for more of these hidden gems I discovered the store front picture of The Storm Guard: Darkness is Coming. I clicked the picture expecting some casual indie title on the same pixelated hex grid like the other thousands of rogue-like, dungeon crawlers etc that reach the Steam store because of fanatic Greenlight clickers.How wrongly I was when I decide to buy the game despite the ugly, embossed, unalligned font on the store front picture.Steam must be punished for hiding this game so long from my recommondations and hide it from my store page.Why they hide a title like this in a cellar beneath thousands of casual tablet games?So what exactly is this game doing right?First of all, and that is exactly why I compare it to Thea, the game is made to entertain you.That is clear from the very first run.An intro movie a la Blizzard style (when Blizzard was making games instead of pleasing stockholders).Fully animated artwork with dragons and a story told by a professional narrative.Next screen. A paper with a short story to make some ambience.Next screen. A little town with some heroes in front of a questboard. Tooltips all over to tell the player what all those buttons do. In a few minutes you understand how the game works and the town looks like a small town you wish you should visit it yourself in your dreams. Ambience is there. Music is fit totally in the setting and the artwork in Unity engine is high resolution and detailed.On the right side of the screen you have your hero/unit raster from where you can select a group of heroes you want to start questing. On the left side you can start your first quest within a minute.The quest generated is different everytime you play. You start on a kind of grid map with a random or procedural generated dungeon where every block you can walk into triggers an encounter. That can bring you some treasure, a monster encounter or just a short little story where you have to make a choice in the end.This alone already spoil some of the details you can find in this game. While in a few hundred of RPG, TBS games the last twenty years you can find a magic or a healing potion with only one effect, you find a potion with some effects AND some side effects. Why I did not see that in any other game? In turn one and two the potion is doing Y and in turn three and four the potion is doing X. Right.And so you continue to find so much detail in this game when you start your first turn based battle with your heroes against the monster army.While in every RPG or TBS game from the last twenty years you see skeletons, 2D skeletons, 3D skeletons, animated, pixels, sprites etc etc in this game you have skeletons as well. But what is different? The skeleton is really a skeleton. It raise from the ground before it even moves. It's animated not only after an attack but it's animated when battle start, when attacking, when defending. It's real! It's not just a statue.So in the last 300+ TBS games you played you can move from A to B no? In this game you can move from A to B as well. But you can move the way you want because it use waypoints while in a tactical turn based battle. So you can move your unit around an enemy unit and positioning your archer without the AI decide for you that your archer first have to walk in the melee area of the enemy while moving from A to B. Smart.And so the game use morale and adrenaline. Not just to raise some static stats. No it's used to trigger some real unique traits and abilities. Not only in the battle fought or in the current turn. It's a system used for a whole battle at once. So for the first time you really fight a battle instead of watching it.Tired of those games you shoot and miss while the AI have a constant critical hit? Here your hit change is always 100%. So again the game is not designed to punish the player but to entertain and to let you play a game. So it's easy then? No it's not. Because there are threats that lowers your hit change, lowers your damage done to enemies and traits that buff you even more or makes you invunarable for attacks. It's just more detailed and entertaining then the last 100 TBS games I played.So I highly recommend this game. Not only because what I told you above but because all those ideas, original approaches of the genre are settled in a smart, clean and nicelooking playerfriendly UI. Helpfull tips around your run. You can't move or you can't shoot and you don't know why? A small tooltip warns you and even those are fully voice overed.Besides of that the replay value must be great because of random encounters, everything have voice overs, mouse overs, tips, and detailed info on right click menu's. WSAD keys work normal for moving the map and Q and E for turning and if you don't like it that oldskool way you just use the mouse. Press middle for pan, press left for move the map and right to rotate. This game just does it allright.Final verdict: The game is some combination between the tactical battles like in XCOM games and campaign progress, character building and dungeon crawling like in Darkest Dungeon."
76561198053422627,Recommended,409910,20814508,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"I don't play a lot of these turn based RPG games.. but decided to give this one a try..It's pretty fun overall, and I sat and played it for three hours the first play.I enjoyed being able to hire new heroes at the town tavern and learned a lot about these turn based games in my first time playing this game.  After a while the battles seem to get a little repetitive as you find yourself making the same patterns of movements and attackss every battle.  I think i'd like to see a little more variation in terrain and rocks and things to help change up the battles a little, but maybe I just haven't played enough yet to see more variation.As you complete missions, your town opens up new buildings where you can buy potions of all sorts to take in your adventures, a shop where you can buy a few armor items per for each character with different attribues for different prices and a training hall where you can advance and upgrade each characters skills as they level up.  Pretty standard RPG stuff that any RPG fan will feel at home with here.Missions are the main way you level up and advance through the game, and each mission is a procedurally generated block grid that you can move your group through, each block having an random even happen, which could be an opportunity to help someone for gold (easy gold obtained just by clicking the right choice, etc) or it could be a battle.  Once you move through all blocks in a mission you can return to town to rest, upgrade skills, and hire new heroes if one died in your mission.The main goal of completing each mission is to lower the ""panic"" level of your towns citizens and keep them safe and happy it seems, and I found that you can rest your group for a day at a time to collect taxes and easy money to spend but at the cost of your towns citizens panic level increasing due to the outside dangers that exist.My biggest complaint with this game after my first three hours of play is that in the turn based battles, sometimes there are lag spikes that make the game feel far too sluggish, but then again that might have just been an isolated issue with my 5 year old gaming pc suffering my trying to play on the 3rd best graphics settings available.Overall, a fun game.. but because I haven't played enough of these turn based RPGs.. it's hard for me to compare this game to others of a similar price and style.If I had to give this game an early grade based on my first few hours, I'd probably give it around a 75-80 as I think it will offer a lot of RPG gameplay hours for the price tag.  I feel that there is plenty of content here to give RPG fans a good bang for their buck even if there might be better options available.This game gets my thumbs up as despite my few gripes, I think it offers far more positives then negatives.. and that's a great sign for the first day of its early access launch!"
76561198002567771,Not Recommended,409910,25564000,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Xenus Icelon,"The Storm Guard: Darkness is Coming is an interesting mixture of many ideas brought together in a single game, yet combining many good ideas is not always a good idea itself.I find myself conflicted, since I want to like this game, but I am considering to refund it while I still can. Nobody will see the screenshots and go in expecting good graphics, but I will say that the graphics and animations are actually quite decent. Though the screenshots featured put them in a good light, in game you will find that most models are less pleasing to look at close. That said, they aren't why I was considering refunding.The reason for that is that for everything this game does, there are other games who do it better. Nothing here is very bad bad, but nothing is exemplary or exceptionally good either. During most of my time playing this, I thought back to other games who did as this does but arguably better. Sure, none of those games combine all the features offered in The Storm Guard, but they focus on making those few that they do offer great.There is a village and narrator, Darkest Dungeon style. But less interesting to listen to, and the village appears less complex and with some interface quirks that are not very intuitive.The combat itself is interesting, but ultimately it just doesn't offer that much depth past 'Put the guy with a shield up front'. Maybe this will change further into the game, maybe not. I can't say I'll make it that far when it takes more than an hour to gain a single level on a hero, and with them potentially dying I would certainly hate to have to re-train them.Another thing you will quickly notice seems to be directly from Darkest Dungeon as well is the dungeon map system, except it simplifies it even further. Move from encounter tile to encounter tile, eat food along the way. Dungeons are simply encounters connected together through minimal narration- Like a DnD game ran by a newbie DM, rather than actual dungeons and a world full of story it feels like a string of random encounters, followed by a semi-random boss fight that often may as well be a regular random encounter.As a whole, and in individual parts, it just doesn't have the complexity to justify the overal average-ness of the game. It's certainly not bad, but I feel very much like there just isn't anything for me to do aside from positioning. Deciding what hero goes onto a mission didn't feel very important, and then there is no inventory for me to bother with either, nor complex armour or weapon management. The interface is slightly clumsy, that's not really an issue- You can learn the quirks. But one of the big things in a tactical combat game is that you need to see, at a glance, what's going on. You can't do that as there does not appear to be much of any indication that for example your hero's movement points are reduced until you get to his turn and find that he can't move as far. All the combats appear very similar, with no significant changes outside of scenery. Outside of combat the repetitiveness doesn't fare much better. All missions appear to be of the 'move to tile and kill stuff' variety, even if their description and reason for killing these things are different.In conclusion, I had expected a somewhat quirky turn based tactical combat game, one with interesting maps and a lot of interesting combat scenarios. In the end, I didn't get any of that. While I can see the potential, The Storm Guard is most alike a string of fights generated by a random encounter generator, with some narration about why this is happening and sometimes a choice which encounter you want to fight.Perhaps if it goes on a sale it's worth it, but there is no way I can recommend this for 20 euro.I think I just convinced myself to refund it."
76561198001784686,Recommended,409910,25199400,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Beaghan,"So where to start. If you like turn based strategy games in fantasy settings then this could be for you. I see some negative postings and the ones that I read seem to buy games and expect to not have to think. The guy that says that you can't save at anytime - yes you can unless you're in ironman mode, so you played ironman and couldn't save go figure. The guy with disappearing troops - if you give them town assignments some last more than a day, again go figure.Ok I bought the game based on the review by Cablenexus which really made me curious. Mine will be much shorter as I'm not a great writer.Pros - The difficulty will scale with your group. No easy ride here. Lots of surprises all through it all the way to the final fight which will test what you've learned. Many classes and a few races, many skills so 2 characters of the same class can be played totally differently with a different skill set. Different skills for different races too, a dwarf warrior will vary greatly from a human, dwarf priest and human will have totally different types of healing. Gear auto upgrades when you get something better, no packs full of gear, gear is rare unless you buy it which you won't because your gold will go to your men and skills. I liked that it wasn't some 8-10 hour play through. I had to restart twice early on because of major mistakes, part of the learning process, but I'd say I probably played 20 hours on my full play through, on EASY. The game is tuff, I played a few hours on normal and my graveyard was filling fast so I went easy which I found enjoyably but not easy. You might think that it is but it ramps up fast after about level 3.. ok other pros - random stuff - like if you help a guy one time that you meet on patrol and he gives you some cash, if you get the same encounter again maybe he attacks you and stuff like that. The story telling is good and the voiceover is done well, but I'll mention it in cons too. The dev is actively updating it too. I didn't encounter a single bug in my 27 hours.Cons - It can seem very repetitive. There is no autofight so even if you know that you've got a fight won you'll need to fight it until the finish. The voiceover is done very well as I said above but it's used too often, he doesn't need to say something for every hit. You need a in game manual if there isn't one, I didn't notice it so that's why I mention it. Graphics are ok, not the best but it's a one man team and they're decent but those of you that only like the ultimate graphics will not like it.Suggestions - add more, more of everything. More classes, gear, races, buildings in town, gear, write more quests to help with the feeling of repeating things, more unique encounter areas - you have more than I expected but more would be better, more different looks for the characters, more of everything.. Keep doing what you're doing. Oh achievements and cards are always cool too. Good work Markus.Ok so basically I don't think that it'll be for everyone but I enjoyed it and I'm happy with it - I paid full price too. I think it's a great little game with loads of potential to be even better. If you like the type of game and look at the screenshot's and videos and it looks good to you then give it a try. I found it addicting and I'll replay it too as it'll never be the same twice with different heroes, skills, etc."
,Recommended,409910,20922819,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Lynchden,"Very promising game.  Lots of content.  Hardly any bugs.  Developers must be working 20 hrs a day with all the feedback they give and changes they are working on.  It is permadeath, but you can reload an old save.  Turn based combat on a square tile set. You initially control a group of three heroes. This number will eventually increase to four and then five.  You can either move once and attack once or attack twice, though some special attacks will actually hit 2 or even 3 times.  You can also see exactly how far you can move (blue circle around you), the current range of any ranged attacks (red circle around you) how far the enemy can move on their next turn (blue circle around them) and how far their ranged attacks can reach (red circle around them).  You can also click once on a tile before moving there and the enemies you can reach with a projectile should you move to that spot are highlighted in red.  When in melee, you can attack from all 4 sides and all 4 corners.  Good variety of classes and powers. I feel like random numbers play a very small role in this game.  There are definetely dice rolls, but I never feel like I got screwed by the RNG gods.   They also do a great job giving you info via tooltips when you mouse over an object or right click.  For every attack, you can see your percent chance to hit, the points range of damage you will do, the crit chance & the exact hit points the enemy has remaining and the exact number of hitpoints the enemy will automatically lose at the start of the next round if they have a debuff (like bleeding) or how many hit points they will gain if they have a buff.  This can really help with strategy as you can know whether to spend an attack on an enemy or if the bleed will finish them off automatically.  I like the whole game of thrones/nights watch setting.  I like the narrarator's voice, he does a good job.  I will expand upon this later when I have more time.  For now, buy this game if you are on the fence.  It is well worth the money and is in a very advanced stage and very well put together."
,Not Recommended,409910,25471777,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,vmar,"It has it's moments, but suffers from being way too repetitive, with almost no tactics/strategy in combat. Almost every encounter plops you down right in front of the enemy group, and you just rush in and start using cooldowns. During my playtime I only saw 2 fights that didn't follow this formula, and in the end they didn't play all that differently due to being a long corridor rather than a giant square arena. The game feels like playing a turn based MMO, so if you're into that sort of thing, or if you're a huge GoT fan and want to RP as the Night's Watch, or if a nuXcom clone in a generic fantasy setting appeals to you, you may enjoy this.The game needs more combat zones, after awhile I felt like I was just going through the motions hoping for more depth or something more interesting. Combat is the meat of the game and it's far too simplistic, pretty much every fight is just tank n spank. The only real strategy is figuring out how to use your characters skills to synergize with each other, which anyone who's capable of reading a tooltip can do. It has potential, maybe a patch can add more unique encounters or something but right now it's just too repetitive."
76561198058732998,Recommended,409910,20873445,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dorrin,"So far i am loving the game, despite the initial difficulty. The dev has taken some time to quickly produce a patch to add a lower difficulty option for us. He did this over the weekend. To me that screams dedication. The dev has also been around all weekend answering questions and looking at our feedback. Really seems to care about the game and the enjoyment the community gets out of it. I'm recommending this one, my 20$ well spent."
,Recommended,409910,25153209,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,spectf,"Really enjoying this game so far. It's a lot like Darkest Dungeon, so if you liked that, this is a no-brainer. It's presentation is a bit different, there are no graphics inbetween ""rooms"". Instead you see a scroll which explains what is happening in each room you enter. If it's a battle, you are then taken to the battle screen, which is grid based, more like Heroes of M&M 2 instead of Darkest Dungeon.Also like DD, this game has a narrator that guides you as you progress, but again, not quite as well polished as DD.If you're looking for another game of this type, give this one a shot. $19.99 might be a bit overpriced when compared to DD, but so far I don't regret the purchase."
76561198094183775,Recommended,409910,31136699,Posted: 14 April,all,kusho,"TL;DR version:Great Turn-based Tactical RPG / Squad Building Game9,(9)/10Full Version:Build your party of (up to) 5 characters from 10 different classes and 3 playable races and embark on a mission. Missions present a grid of locations to explore, each location being an encounter - not necessarily a hostile encounter, you are usually given a set of choices via text that can modify the outcome of an encounter, where choosing ""Ättack the dwarves"" typically means you will fight (and lose reputation with) the dwarves.Each character has 8 skill slots and prior to starting a mission you can choose which skills (s)he will carry into battle (think Guild Wars). There is a good variety of skills available to each character class, most skills can be upgraded for stronger effects.Combat itself is really fun, your party/skill set setup really matters, and what you do on the battlefield actually matters too, you can kite melee enemies, you can flank your foes, most of the time you can use a lot of different approaches to handle a particular enemy depending on your party setup. Oh, and you are definitely NOT FORCED to use the typical (and ultra-boring) tank/healer/dps kind of setup, im generally doing pretty well with 4 dps and a hybrid healer/dps (on normal/ironman, which is the highest dificulty in game currently)Seeing a lot of other reviewers tend to compare this game to Darkest Dungeon (yes, these two games share a lot of similarities) i just have to throw in my 2 cents on the matter.Combat in SG is far more tactical and depending on what the player actually does on the battlefield. In DD you are basically pitched face to face with your opponent, spam your skills and PRAY to RNGesus and Lady Luck not to miss and not to get a fat Crit in your face. In SG you have a fairly large grid battle map you can use to outmaneuver and outsmart your enemies (the AI in SG is btw quite decent, far better than the AI in many AAA titles). Id say combatwise SG compares DD like Heroes of Might and Magic would compare to Disciples, whoever played those games would instantly know what i mean :P. While there is still RNG - you CAN miss or crit - it is very manageable, and you can eliminate the chances of missing by using certain abilities, flanking or disabling you enemy, or by just having a plan B (which you actually CAN have in SG).There is no stress and no randomly aquired negative perks in SG.Town management is more interesting in DD, you cant build or upgrade buildings in SG. In SG you generally spend your gold on buying/upgrading skills and buying gear for your heroes in the armory.To draw the line, both SG and DD are good games, and probably most ppl that like DD will like SG too and vice-versa. In my opinion however SG is by no means inferior to DD like other reviewers say, and is actually much better in many aspects."
76561198128840035,Recommended,409910,32052943,Posted: 29 May,all,mike.xulima,"Very fun turn-based party RPG.   If you're looking for a good tactical RPG you should like this one.   All of the polish goes in to the classes and turn-based strategies you can deploy with them.   Some parts of the game are no-frills, like your view of moving around the dungeons and interactions therein.   But the combats have nice graphics, you can fully rotate the camera and zoom in/out of the action.   The classes are fun and fairly well balanced.   The game rewards strategic thinking, in both the battles and the way you develop your crew.   Not a ton of content but it took me about 35 hours to finish the game once so not bad either."
76561197991253649,Recommended,409910,25679800,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Not Anonymous,"Never reviewed games but this one is so obscure i felt like at least it needed a hand:After my 24th round of useless queue exploring i came around this little game... BINGO!Finished it ( took me 50 hours while learning and failing twice, Ironman that♥♥♥♥♥♥) and, as a Turn based addict, i can say; this game, rough around the edges as it is, is lots of fun!Game has two dificulties; Easy and Normal, with optional ironman (but not your regular console peasant ""Normal"")No idea how hard  ""Easy"" is, but be warned!, in Normal you need to understand what you are doing if you want to keep playing after level 3 (end game is at level 6-7), the game has a lot of flexibility to allow you to keep playing even after one or two inconvenient deaths in the roster (you recover the total value of gear spent in that character) but if you just *click thing to do stuff* im sorry, you wont go anywhere. Patiently scroll around your skills and choose the best combinations for your party to face the diferent kinds of enemy groups as you progress, you are always mostly at a disvantage and sometimes (due to randomization) runing away from encounters its the best option (at least during the first levels).The plot is terrible...The ending is terrible...This is a rpg for the ""mechanics"" focused kind of nerd (hi there!)I wont get into details, in short: it has a mix of others games (mostly blackguards and dark dungeons), look at a video and you will know if you want it or not!"
76561198062265037,Recommended,409910,27378208,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AlterEgo45,"This was one of those games that as soon as I loaded it for the first time, I immediately thought, ""Ohhhh... I'm gonna like this!"". And I was right. It's a great game.I'm gonna assume you know what Darkest Dungeon is. It's just like that, except:Combat is grid-based instead of the Final Fantasy type.It doesn't place stupid limitations on what characters can go where. So if your only rested characters are level 3 and you want to send them into a level 1 dungeon, you can do so.There are nowhere near as many classes, although I might not have uncovered all of the possible types yet.You can backtrack in dungeons at will with no penalty, although it does use some food.Gold isn't as much of a problem. You do use it all and you do need it, but you don't feel like you're constantly starved for it.Darkest Dungeon has more atmosphere IMO. The DD narration and story is better too.I'd rate them about the same overall. And both are among my favorite games, so this is a strong recommend. Pick it up."
76561198044619825,Recommended,409910,23400583,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mcmorris23,Great throwback turn-based-combat game! You just keep telling yourself this is the last mission before bed. Then you realize at 3 AM you've over-committed and will have to call in sick to work. I want to see more games like this in the future.The concept is simply but you really have to use strategy to win battles. You also have to be careful to choose the right missions or you will lose characters you have been working hard to level up. Save often. Part of the fun is the learning curve.
76561198140257724,Recommended,409910,28036533,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mimer,"This is a hybrid RPG-manager with small-scale tactical combat where decisions matter and everything is turn-based. There are strategic elements as well, all wrapped up nicely in a fantasy world. The UI is very intuitive and graphics/sounds are quite pleasing. Most of the game will be spent in the tactical combat view, and I find myself going ""one more turn"" until 1:30 in the morning.So you are the commander of the Storm Guard and from the town view you have a number of strategic choises to make. Who to train, who to send on missions, who to recruit and such. Nothing too complex, unfortunately. Once you've selected your mission (could have been a bigger variety here), you send your forces out in a map that resembles a dungeon crawl. On each room you enter (doesn't have to be a room, but the map looks that way) you get an event, some are fights while some are choises to make. The choises aren't too complex either, but they do affect your gameplay so they do matter more than they do in most game that claim that choises matter.Each character has a race and class and you get the usual bunch here with dwarven berzerkers and warriors, elven hunters and magicians and human warriors and healers to mention a few. Each class has skills to learn and train, and most can be used in different ways. I personally don't like games with class systems, but Storm Guard manages it well and gives each class at least 2 different viable ways of using each character. Which character you bring will also affect events on the missions - if you have a dwarf with you, you'll be better at negotiating with random encounters with other dwarves. Still, the system feels a bit static to me.The enemies are nicely varied with scaling difficulty, at first you'll encounter mostly melee enemies but soon you get deadly skeleton archers backing up werewolves or goblin skirmishers and trolls. Simply put, the enemies are the usual supsects in a fantasy game - zombies, orcs and a dragon as boss. The AI is good enough to use different units with different skills in an acceptable manner.There's some nice voice acting in the game, where the narrator gives descriptions about new enemies and generally inspiring words upon completion of actions. Sounds in general are good, and graphics are pleasing as well as clear - you never have to squint your eyes and set up gamma to see what's actually there. Most things about the UI and visuals are very well functional. If I'd complain about anything here, then it's that ESC doesn't bring up menu by default and SPACE doesn't switch to the next character by default. It's also a bit too easy to accidently reorganize the roster while assigning tasks.A minor complaint would be the difficulty settings, as I find the options too narrow and static. I'd prefer more options available, preferably full customization.All in all, the Storm Guard combines a number of different features. It doesn't really excell at any of them, but the combination is really appealing to me. Well worth the pricetag and deserving of more attention."
76561198032794688,Recommended,409910,22592279,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,greyfox452,"Very well done so far.  Tons of content and a lot of attention to detail.  The dialog could be better written as it tends to be redundant and you hear the same lines over and over, but the gameplay, and the fact you can turn the narator volume down, makes it irrelevant.Only encountered one bug, though I saw it a few times.  Had to reload the game as it would get stuck, but the autosave feature always returned me right back to where I was.  Seeing only one bug in an early access game and only having it be a minor inconvenience is great.The game is great fun and well worth the $20 they are asking.  Must have if you like the genre and if you aren't sure you will, this is a great representative to start with."
76561198036019166,Recommended,409910,22945184,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,tictactoe_13,"This is a fun game so far.  It really does take me back to the days of RPG on older systems.It is well done though, no mistake.  Seems balanced and it moves along at a decent pace with somewhat appropriate consequences for poor judgement.It also crashes every so often and there isn't anything you can do about it.  Something else that used to happen in old RPGs.It's good enough to get a fair review even in EA.  I recommend it!"
76561198000079180,Recommended,409910,25423778,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Otown,Its tough to categorise this game because it will bounce off a lot of people. Im a huge TB game fan and its combat first and foremost  I consider. This game has it in spades the shear tactical depth is off the chart sure you can role with the same group each time and get familiar with the play style (you wont you will get cocky and get mash faced by taking on one too many battles at too higher level). Or play on easy and think its a grind...grind? to what end I play this purely to try to get through a high level run intact prioritise your characters and skills to try to cover the range of battles in each dungeon its not easy.Worth every penny and then some but I only play hard and the challenge curve is perfect.Give it a go the developers have really done a great job on this if you like TB games you wont be let down.
,Recommended,409910,26719213,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,papajack99,"This game just have everything I am looking for ..turn based , rpg , strategy , tactical combat ...a lot of battles ..and not burden by tho wall of texts to read ...once in a while you do get a little gem like this ...go and give yourself a nice  early Christmas gift ,,buy this game ...highly recommended"
76561197968907104,Recommended,409910,31772867,Posted: 15 May,all,TheSHEEEP,"tl;dr: Look past the graphics & mixed sound, it's worth it. Good, hard, turn-based tactics.Let's get the negatives out first:- The graphics are, obviously, not top notch. This is a game that was made on a budget, and it shows. Low-poly, somewhat stiff animations, little effects, etc. Then again, if you play a turn-based tactics RPG for the graphics first, I don't really know how to help you. However, the art style/direction itself is at least mostly consistent.- The audio is a mixed bag. While the (only) narrator is really quite competent, it is only one, and his remarks do get tiresome after a while. It's just a bit much of the forced grittiness. Some sound effects (I'm looking at you, Harpy Wilhelm) are also hilariously out of place and/or lack weight. The music pieces in the background are fitting, though.- There are some design issues, like the RNG being able to completely screw you without anything you could do against it. Some encounters are simply impossible, especially early on. I would not recommend Iron Mode for any but the most masochistic people. Also, some town features (like the busywork you can send idle characters to do) seem to be more of an afterthought.But now, let's get to the good stuff:- The AI is rarely surprising, but overall surprisingly competent. Especially when meeting new enemies, or enemies of a higher level, their new abilities really do show and a previous pushover enemy might suddenly use an ability unknown to you yet to great effect. I also have not seen the AI comitting any completely suicidal action and if there is an obvious opening in your position, be prepared that it WILL make use of that.- Many classes, all of which are clearly different, allowing for different tactics and play styles. And due to the leveling system, a class can even be played in (not totally, but still) different ways.- An incredibly detailed and well explained UI, that helps tremendously with gaining knowledge about the game's various rules. I cannot stress this enough: All you need to know is in the game, laid out well in menus, right-click popups, etc. No hidden mechanics or gameplay obfuscations. Nice!- The big one: The combat system, the core of the game, was obviously well thought out before it was implemented. Positioning is VERY important as is knowing your characters' abilities and learning those of the enemy. Blindly rushing in WILL get you killed. This game is hardcore in the truest of senses and you actually need to apply tactics, but the game is - except the above mentioned RNG sometimes - not unfair at all. I don't really want to go into much detail here, the combat system is something worth discovering for yourself.I really do recommend this."
76561198045503284,Recommended,409910,29538973,Posted: 28 January,all,max.savenkov,"This game is surprisingly OK for a clearly amateur effort. It's not a very polished game, but at least it successfully avoids a lot of traps other indie games tend to all into. For example, a lot of novice developers make turn-based combats extremely slow due to long, unskippable animations, which quickly tire the player, but persist in making the game slower. Here, the animations are long, but at least there is an option to speed them up, which makes the combat much more fluid (although it seems to me it works somewhat inconsistently, with some animations not being sped up, but those are few and far between).Also, I liked the non-linear nature of heroes' abilities. There is clearly some though behind them: a lot of side-effects or conditional effects make the game much more interesting than the generic ""X damage for Y mana"" fireballs. Not all abilities are equally usefull, but you will find that the different combat situations call for different pattern of abilities to be used, which is very, very good.Now, for some less well-done parts. Economy feels rudimentary. It is there, but it don't feel like an interesting part of the game. Character equipment is boring and feels like a slapped-on feature without any depth. This is mainly because you can't actually choose equipment for you characters: they just wear everything you buy/find, getting additive bonuses. It's a simply system - maybe too simple for my tastes. If the same amount of thought that went into abilities design went into equipment, the game would be better off.The combat is relatively difficult, even on Easy difficulty, so you won't be too bored even by the end of the game. The final battle is done competently, if not brilliantly. At least, it's much more fun than the disaster at the end of Dragon Age: Inquisition :)The graphics are nothing to write home about, but for such a small team this could be forgiven easily. At least, there are no major problems with contrast or colors. Using more-or-lesss apropriate locations for all encounters is a nice touch - props to the developers for taking time to create a large enough set of combat maps.All in all, this is an OK game which I recommend to get if you need a diversion for a few days.P.S. I did not play The Darkest Dungeon, so I can't comment on similarities between these two games, but from the description, they seem quite different."
76561198034387750,Recommended,409910,29589379,Posted: 30 January,all,Findanniin,"It's impossible not to make the comparison with Darkest Dungeon, which seems to have directly inspired a great amount of mechanics in 'The Storm Guard';So, for the purpose of the review;Have you played Darkest Dungeon? No? Get that instead, it's the better game.Yes? Great, this will scratch much the same itch, but wil tread more familiar ground while doing it; Grid-based combat where yo move units around, status changes and counters - all the usual.A more than adequate game for the price, about 15-20 hours to see all content - solid 7/10 average title."
,Recommended,409910,20905857,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BladeOfKitta,"THOROUGHLY enjoying this one so far! Narrator voice is quite good, and quite present, I like the choose your own adventure-y map movement a lot, the gfx are better than you'd expect lately in a roguelike, and the dev is on top of things. Can't wait to see more of it!"
76561198032237009,Recommended,409910,33293688,Posted: 5 July,all,avpuli,"This is the baby of FTL, Diablo, and Xcom. Simple map to travel and make choices on (FTL). Upradeble town and party members (Diablo). Great and sometimes harsh turnbased combat (Xcom). A good game with a reimagined approach to turn based combat."
,Recommended,409910,33725339,Posted: 22 July,all,Sheepify,"(Please note majority of my gameplay takes place offline, which Steam does not track)A must-have for fans of tactical turn-based games.The Storm Guard appears deceptively simple, but if you get past the one-man-studio Unity graphics, the production value is rock solid. Not that I find anything to hold against the graphical presentation. It does not have AAA polish (duh), but it is far beyond the ""least amount of work required"" some failed game attempts implement. In fact, watching your Guard members' appearance change as they slowly accumulate equipment pieces is one of the many small, but thoughtful, additions to the game, and certainly shows the love and care clearly put in this game.To the point, though - the game is NOT a ""story-mode"" RPG. The story is pretty generic and serves no other purpose than a window dressing on the real focus of the game - the tactical combat. And boy oh boy does the Storm Guard deliver.There are enough classes to run into (while you pick from a randomized recruit roster, the availability of specific classes is random) to give enough replayability for several runs if only to learn the strength and weaknesses of each class. Some combination (or just classes in general) are better than others, but the balance between them is mostly preserved well enough that you will can efficiently utilize most of them.There are more combat skills than you can ""equip"" for each mission, and figuring out the best combination of them for your personal playstyle is, for me, a large part of enjoyment of the game. Sooner or later you will realize the need for counters specific against particular enemies. It speaks of the intricacy of the combat system that you WILL need to plan ahead to handle any of the enemy archetypes - and there are enough of them that a single cookie-cutter approach, without tactical planning once you hit the map, will result in a party wipe.Another challenge comes from the more strategic layer of the game. There is a fine balance between improving your characters' skills and equipment and retaining sufficient funds to benefit from random events during missions (or just having enough food early on). Along with timed missions that expire if left unfulfilled, and a ""panic"" meter that decreases your funding if you fail to keep to your duty of protecting the imaginary kingdom, you end up with having to make constant decisions on priorities. It definitely adds to the ""Bad Things™ are coming!"" feeling of the game.As for specific mechanics, you have the full set available. You will recruit new members at the inn. You can assign those that do not go on missions to handle one of four base-specific tasks, or let them rest and recuperate. As soon as you clear appropriate early missions, you will train their skills and buy new pieces of equipment (and the ability to see the gear improve as more model elements are added is a really pleasing touch).In the end, though, all of it is merely accessory (albeit a very important one) to the core of the game - the tactical combat. And that part is fantastic.Do yourself a favor and do not skip on this one if you enjoy tactical turn-based games. It is definitely worth the asking price."
76561198080123570,Recommended,409910,28123597,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,willsama974,"Quite a nice turn-based party-based game with a light management part.Each class has its own gameplay and party combinations are quite important.I have only played on Normal difficulty and it is a nice challenge already.One more plus: The dev is still adding stuff and squashing rare bugs.I wish there were more text based events and/or random outcomes for each possible decision.Expect to either lose some units or use the Retreat mechanic in some cases.Overall, i like The Storm Guard and hope the dev will keep at it for a while more. I'll be looking at his future project as well if he decides to go for a sequel/DLC/new turn-based game."
76561198081390656,Recommended,409910,25199098,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,chong.ong,"I had Storm Guard in my wishlish for quite a while (as it was in Early Access stage), so I was quite eager to try it out when it was fully released.So far, it seems like a great game. It feels like a combination of Conquistador: Expeditions, X-Com and Monster's Den (Storm Guard is a turn-based squad game). The combat is challenging and interesting - and the A.I. is ''out to get you'' (instead of just brainless high HP monsters).There is a superb variety of (well designed) enemies ... and some enemies are rather terrifying. There are quite a lot of different heroes and skills to choose from - Ninjas with katana, kama, shuriken (can be used for ranged/melee) ... Warriors (tanks), Dwarven champions with hammers (excellent for knockdowns), Hunters with bows (high damage and also can cripple), Healers etc ...These days, it seems like we are in a golden age of gaming - where independent developers make excellent & challenging games without having to waste time & money on eg: expensive cut scene videos that don't really add to game mechanics. Storm Guard is an excellent example of how a game that is almost ''no-frills'' (but focuses on excellent principles) -  can be extremely entertaining to play."
76561198010122800,Recommended,409910,28233489,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Tom,"Great game here for turn based combat fans!  I can't believe what one guy can build in his spare time.If you like turn based games with a little challenge and strategy, this is for you.  I'm close to finishing my group up to lvl 6 to take on the final map.  Few more hours to get a character leveled as I made a mistake that cost the life of my Dwarven Champion.Pro's -- Turn based combat on a small/medium map that gets you right into the battles- Good amount of selection on skills and Chatacter types- When you find/purchase more equipment you see the changes to the hero's outfit- That, ""One more battle before bed"" feel that makes you stay up too late- Graphics are good for a one man Dev team- Can save at ANY point in the game so when the wife needs you it doesn't cause domestic issues!Con's -- Would like more map types- More scenarios when adventuring- Need more members on the dev team to continue to polish the game and add more content.If you like these kind of games just get it and have fun."
76561198014103119,Recommended,409910,26345848,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kennethsw,Liking this game a lot more than I expected too. 10 hrs in as I write this review. First attempt had no idea what I was doing made all kinds of dumb mistakes while learning the system finally got crushed and start a new game. Went normal difficulty ironman mode - i figured I knew what I was doing by now .. HA !!! - got crushed again this time with no way to back up so started 3rd game  got further but still got beat. On my fourth try now playing more cautious doing better have not beaten it yet. The randomization system is excellent it is different every time even when you get an encounter you have seen before and think you know what is going to happen it can fool you and do something different. Much better than most indie games  excellent replay value.
76561198000138634,Recommended,409910,25223745,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Eskaton,"Its a fun game.Comparisons to The Darkest Dungeon are apt, but I think its a little more forgiving. The combat is on a full grid system and it can feel a litle slow but speeding up the animations fixes this. You get 2 actions per character per turn much like X-com etc. There is also more of a narrative than with DD - some stations in each ""dungeon"" are scenarios where you make choices in response to events and don't always lead to combat. You can even pick up extra heroes for the party as a consequence of this.There seems to be a decent variety of classes and enemies and the upgrades system is satisfyingly deep, as well as giving you a nice sense of increasing power. There is just one single resource (gold) for upgrades and there seems to be a bit more of this to go around than in DD at least at early stages.Some minor criticisms:1) I would have liked it to be more clear at the start that certain missions will unlock upgrades such as extra tiers of buildings and extra party slots as this just kinda happens without much fanfare.2) Sometimes the balance seems a little off with some of the choices you are given - like an npc will offer to buy 5 food for 20 gold and 10 food for 25 gold and similarly It seemed to me some of the choices in the Steward's office (where you can send adventurer's on your roster who are not in the main party on little tasks - similar to Thea) are not balanced in your favour.Overall I really like this. Not sure about the late game yet, but its already worth a full-price purchase from my point of view."
,Not Recommended,409910,32375701,Posted: 12 June,all,TheJoat,"I enjoyed it at the beginning as I struggled through the combat...but meeting the final boss 108 times was just a bit too much.    (The dragon keeps coming back from the dead and unless you're in the right spot with the right character types you're basically doomed.)Basically, just not worth it."
76561198037647158,Recommended,409910,21821338,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,PeachesGhost,"This game screams potential.  Even just in early access, there is a nice assortment of random ""events"" that can occur on every mission and each result depends on the choices you make for your group of characters.  Think pen and paper RP where the game is your DM and the decision to investigate those ""...strangely out of place rocks"" lands your poor group face to face with a lava golem.  I'm certain the gravedigger and that golem are in cahoots!There's talk on other boards of the game being to difficult in the beginning and unbalanced.   I agree with some of it to a point but most is exaggerated.  Each combat where you meet a creature for the first time has a nicely detailed explanation of what their strengths and weaknesses are.  Be distracted at your poor group's peril.  This is a game where  tactics matter.  Terrain, distance to targets, movement range, positioning, available attacks; they all come into play when you're hanging on by a thread and the reward for getting your group through th efight is much more than the gold and XP.  There isn't an RPG out there where the creatures don't love a rambunctious, ""CHARGE!,"" player eager to give that dang gravedigger his quota.  See mention of golem above...I've never been a fan of permadeath but when it fits the difficulty and ""death"" can largely be blamed on my own ""mistakes,"" I don't mind it at all.  It builds character.  Or in this case, it ends character(s)?  If I must fault this game as it stands right now, I will say that combat does seem to run a bit slow.  It can become monotonous.  However, realizing that you don't have to wait for one character to finish an attack before assigning another task to a different character seems to compensate for the monotony.  Still, I fear it may be a sadly distracting side-effect of the game to a few who would otherwise be fans.I thoroughly recommend Storm Guard: Darkness is Coming to anyone even slightly curious about it.  It is enjoyable, entertaining, and if you don't play it on that wimpy ""easy"" setting, its a nice challenge for an RP experience.  I'd curse that golem again happily as it toasts another of my groups.Enjoy!"
76561198007215017,Recommended,409910,25805363,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,telamiina,"After an 60min. of play it is clear that game has some serious goodness in it.Good tactical combat, WITH TURNS, and loads of good ideas of own and maby borrowed from others put together.Lack of budget shows a little , but hey, it is not exepencive game.PS. if I am correct game is done by one man, if true there is some serious dev skills here :PIf you like the genre, buy it! If you dont buy it just for supporting one man company!"
76561197993200909,Recommended,409910,25220606,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Samson,"Great and challenging game but needs so much more.Darkest Dungeon meets typical turn based strategy.Pros: Great combo set ups.  Classes and abilities play off each other. (just like DD)Very challenging.Great narration.Great encounters.Cons: The game doesn't seem to scale.  If your lvl 4-5 guys get killed then you can't do the lvl 4-5 missions that expire in X amount of days then you suffer huge penalties. Then you're forced to grind patrol missions where the monster lvls scale to your parties lvl.  Losing heroes is much less forgiving than DD.  There needs to be a larger variety of mission lvls when you get further in the game.Neat classes but needs more. Necro's, enchanters, engineers.  The enemy has guns, I want some too.Can't lvl your base.  I hate comparing this great game to DD but they are the same.  I want to lvl my bases or add towers or port guards.Your base needs to get attacked.Needs more maps.Gold doesn't seem to scale.  Buying armor and upgrading abilities are too expensive for the rate you go through your heroes.  The mission lvls get harder too quickly for you to keep up with your heroes.Desperately needs a hero sorting function.  Sort by class/lvl/constition/health etcNeeds quick save.  And while saving, I need to be able to see my other save files.Great game.  Needs more."
,Not Recommended,409910,29286226,Posted: 15 January,all,Mikefield Salviae,"I was very excited to play Stormguard but my first hour of gameplay made me regret the purchase, leading to a refund.Here is the TL;DR of the review, pinpointing my main issues with the game:- Clunky interfaces (ugly and slow city screen, plain and boring dungeon map screen)- Buggy, easily explotable AI which tends to make unacceptable decisions for a 20$ game- Slow, plain, unrewarding combat with very little variety and no flavour- Almost non-existent itemization: no loot, bad design of items- Horrible stat system which removes anticipation from evolving your characters and unlocking new gear (what gear?)- Hideous visuals; the game should have been done in 2D as 3D just makes the overall experience even worseStorm Guard welcomes you with a very clunky and unfinished interface; everything feels slow and delayed (and I played the game on a high-end rig). Just pressing the buttons makes you feel like the game is an unfinished early access product. And it gets worse.The city screen welcomes you with a few customisation options and unveils that the game is a Darkest Dungeon clone with some key features taken out (item-based character customisation reduced to oversimplified upgrades purchased at the forge, poor spell leveling system and a lot more of clunkyness accompanying whatever you do). Since the game has nothing to offer but combat, it was quite a bummer to find out that the loot is basically non-existent and was replaced with some basic character-bound (and locked) items which do not add any additional depth to the game.Then you get to combat part and this is where it gets VERY disappointing. Fights are buggy and very basic to say the least. The bugs are numerous: monsters just pass their turn for no particular reason, freeze and do nothing for 20s and then pass their turn, walk around and do nothing etc. while the game sometimes fails to remove AP from the player after they use abilities and autoattacks in quick succession. Starting positions never vary, AI is poor and easily tricked on the hardest difficulty while the monsters feel like they're just not balanced well enough. You would expect some depth in combat, some interesting ability combinations you can utilize, complexity introduced by the terrain, anything really but it's just not there. Animations are slow and clunky once again, even on the 'fastest' combat speed the game just feels extremely 'off'.The stat system is poorly designed, leaving much more than to be desired to RNG and since combat is much slower-paced than Darkest Dungeon it is not that favourable to leave everything to blind luck. The player is left with very few informed choices and quite a lot of luck to rely on. When the fights finish the rewards are very little for the effort and time spent in combat (also there is no real loot due to horrible itemization).Then you just realize that this is everything the game has to offer: horrible, unresponsive UI and plain, buggy boring combat which feels like a chore. This game is nothing like Darkest Dungeon, it is not thrilling, it's poorly designed and just really underdeveloped for a 20$ product."
76561198035248147,Recommended,409910,22261501,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,curtyuiop,"Okay, i'll take time to review.  It was just the game I was looking for after toning it down from the high enders.  Good graphics, in depth powers, armor, ect. upgrading.  Hard at the beginning, then level up, I'm powerful and things are great, but all of a sudden boom.  The enemies are hard to beat towards level 4 and 5.  If you make a couple of wrong moves, you will lose a hero, I just cant go on right now, must get back to playing..."
76561198042521134,Recommended,409910,22009585,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,largepaw,"Nice Turn Base Rpg. Like where the game is headed. Dev is very supportive to us playing. I think the game needs more content but it is in EA atm. Also there are alot of random encounters, that could be toned abit, but it is a hell of  a grind at times. Support the Devs on this 1, looks promising. My 2 cents"
76561198022423407,Recommended,409910,25446128,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Knightweb,"I love turn based. This game really threw me for a loop. I thought it was alot of fun. Some of the creatures were like the Monster Manuel come to life and that made me so excited. I like the varation of classes. I enjoyed the choose your own adventure type dungeon crawls that could turn into combat or something good. Best part is it isn't always the same outcomb so when you think you have it learned it could be something random.The skill system is fun and forces you to be choosey. I also liked the little details like the ability to change portraits and names.I did think the game could use some more maps and a ""real"" mage class. I enjoyed the witch but there is nothing more satisfying then throwing a fireball. In the meantime I used the dwarf priest as a mage. He was highly effective ;)Keep up the great work. I even bought a copy for my friend because I enjoyed this game so much. I wanted to share.All the best!"
76561198006660339,Recommended,409910,25196889,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Luke,while the graphics leave a bit to be desired the tactical play is sophisticated and the tutorials aspect are done very well leading you quickly into the game. There appears to be a lot of depth and subtlety under the hood. At first it will seem pretty easy but things will change ;-)
76561197968811649,Recommended,409910,23735383,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lord Snow,"I almost rage quitted this game after 3 hours of gameplay... Really glad I didn't.This game is a bit misleading at the beginning. First patrol mission is too easy, and you might think that sets the tone for the rest of the game...How wrong I was. I didn't spend my first accumulated wealth wisely, and because of that, I suffered. After a few days, panic alread reached DEFCON 5 levels and I had to choose between starting over or dropping this game.Fortunately, I chose the later, and met no regrets. This game is really good if you play it smart, and once you understand its mechanics, nothing can stop you. After reaching level 4 with two 4-man parties, I never lost again. But I need to always use tactics to my advantage and have a well balanced party, consisting of a healer, a tank and a archer, at n least one of each.This doesn't mean that there is only one single way to win in this game, on the contrary, it encourages you to try your own thing, and because of that you always have a great experience.Summing up, this is a very good game, with a tematic that feels like home, and an engaging combat system. Recommend!"
,Recommended,409910,27615246,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sku11knight,"I really enjoy this game, but I experienced a game breaking bug where my shield flew off screen and I couldn't select a new room for my mission.But if you like Darkest Dungeon you'll love this game. The visuals are pretty mediocre, but the gameplay is great."
76561198031750260,Recommended,409910,24503116,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,FeriteKnight,"Not bad overall. Mostly 2D game with 3D turn based combat. I think probably the 2D aspect actually makes it slightly more entertaining as missions tend to involve choices. The downside and upside is there is no main character. Upside because your heroes die, but you can hire new ones and continue on.Some interesting limits. I find the max 10 heroes/soldiers limit a little tight personally, and 3 max on missions as well. The interesting part with the missions is rescues can get you an additional hero that will accompany you for the remainder of the mission.Very easy to have heroes die as well, if you make the wrong choice on a mission. Chasing down a Harpy or something for example, as you end up facing a much more challenging encounter. Some other interesting aspects of choices, is having those who should be allies attacking you because they mistake you for an outlaw.The graphics in the 2D could use a little work I think. The map is mostly just a system of square connecting tiles, and the paper style is sort of old, thick paper, which is kind of cool. Still 3D elements to it, with page movement and the like, but I think maybe adding some additional text style might be nice, as well as having highlighting text look less like a link on an old web page would be good.The map could possibly use some cartographic elements around the edges, and possibly including old depictions of forests, mountains, rivers, and the like, similar to older RPG maps, even having little to do with the actual function of the map itself. Just make it a little more interesting.Game mechanics seem to work well, and it plays smoothly. Could do without highlighting of buildings on the town, (also 3D, and somewhat interactive), but that may be a personal choice. When you select one, the view shifts to a close up on it, and I think that's enough.Interesting, will play again."
76561197989626101,Recommended,409910,22292889,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Tuskan,"Could this be the game that i have spent month's looking for.   Easy to pick up and play,  well made and good fun.    this coudl be it"
76561197978125838,Recommended,409910,25218405,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Silentouch,"Though I admit some of the game mechanics are similar to Darkest Dungeon, it's different enough in story, tone, and actual gameplay that I fail to grasp the need for comparison. Tactical, turn based, grid map battles. You select a party of three to run missions, you go from square to square on a map representing random locations outside of your base and resolve random encounters, often leading to battles with monsters. Your characters don't really have an inventory, but if you randomly find some equipment one of them can wear they auto equip it. You can check what they are wearing at the armory in town and also buy any equipment you don't have or feel like waiting to find. One thing that I find a bit annoying is the roster is limited to 10 and so far I don't see any way to expand that. It's a solid game, definately room for improvment, but very enjoyable. Usually when sacrifice becomes a tactical choice a game has my attention as far as being a challenge and this game has that. Also ninjas. Ninjas exist. They don't really make any sense at all with the theme or setting, and there are elven assassins which fill a similar roll and seem a better fit witht he fantasy asthetic, but yeah, ninjas."
,Recommended,409910,25316126,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Xird,"I bought this game because of the obvious GoT inspired themes, and I need a fix before the next season.  That said, aside from some of the naming similarities, the world or gameplapy itself doesn't relate much to GoT (which I didn't mind).The turn based combat is fun. It can be a bit repetitive, but there are a variety of hero types with different skills that can vary the combat.The story is ok, pretty cliche. But that's not the focus here anyway, it's the gameplay.  The voice narration, too, is cliche, but done well enough. I did find a charm in that and didn't tire of it.Overall, recommended if you like turn based tactical combat."
76561198157714160,Recommended,409910,24382147,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,specter4432,"I doth findeth this  quest of arms against yon evil forces to be both noble and fun,i speaketh from mine wisdom of many days of yore fighting on similar quests,thy gold would be wisely spent upon this quest.Rise up heroes killeth yon damned dragon! free thy brethren from evil tyrany.I wish thee well..now fellow knight i return to mine own fellows to once again slayeth that f*****g dragon!!!"
76561198048010899,Recommended,409910,31773342,Posted: 15 May,all,f.filliaert,"This game is really cool and fun ! It's hard but you can train in easy mode to familiarize with the game mechanics,the atmosphere, quests and characters are nicely done and immersive."
76561198034966966,Recommended,409910,27971059,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,liquidstars07,"Well Put together for an Indie Game...Build your Team in Town and take Them on Grid Turn Based Missions....Start With 3 People for battle and progress to 5...ProsVoice over (Not Awesome) however sometimes he would say some encouraging words that really made me feel like: ""OK I Got This""I always Like Picking your own teammates and renaming themNice Little Mini decisions Making choices in the Dungeons. I was surprised with the variety of unexpected results both Good and Bad.ConsYou have to use Fairly small display settings i.e. 1080 x 720 etc if you want to read or see iconsWish on the battlefield you could have more distinction between classes i.e. two ninja's but very different skills it would be nice to put one ninja in a different color armor etc.I prefer when your character gains more levels than 5. In other Games I often play saying ""I want to take on this mission so i can level up and get xy and z...Each new Level Brings motivation, opportunity, and rewardStill Worth a Look...Perhaps on Sale!"
,Recommended,409910,26670145,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,xstrych9x,"This was a pleasant surprise and I tip my hat to the dev, great work! I've spent way to much money feeding my gaming habit only to be dissapointed so it's a real treat when I stumble upon a title like this one.Reminds me a bit of the older RPG's from my Amiga days and really has that 'one more turn' feel going for it. Bit rough around the edges but at the same time some really nice creature models. Very impressive for a one man show and I whole heartedly give my recommedation.*To the dev, in the off chance you see this, you have made a fan and I look forward to your future endeavors!"
76561198024080920,Recommended,409910,23655599,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Inzu,"A rough gem.  Runs well even though still  in EA.  Haven't had any issues with stability or bugs.The game is mostly about small party, tactical turn based battles loosely based on a story.Missions are a combination of randomly generated encounters ( that can be wildly unbalanced ) and set encounters that advance the story.Missions leave from a homebase with features (armory, tavern, shop, etc. ) that unlock the more the story advances.From a roleplaying perspective, there's not much depth.  One warrior looks much like another.  Gear upgrades are the same for every character of that class.   All skills for a class can be purchased by any member of that class.  Most of what limits you on purchasing skills is a lack of funds.None of these things are bad things, but if you are looking for a roleplaying game with lots of shiny loot and decisions that alter the game world, this isn't it.Battles are turn based - one side going, then the other.  As the game progresses, there are a good selection of skills to choose from in both offense and defense.  Not all classes and skills are as useful and powerful as others.  This leads to the main difficulty with fully recommending the game.  The game suffers from being very unbalanced at times.Some battles your heroes will steamroller over your opponents, other battles your opponents will steamroller over you.It can be a source of major frustration if you've limited your hero pool to a few highly trained and well equipped individuals and then they are wiped out by an unbalanced RNG encounter.  You do have the option of loading an earlier save from before the battle.Graphics are bit dated  ( like an older Baldur's Gate without the same attention to detail ) but serviceable - as is the sound.  The in-game narrator is surprisingly well done.In its current state, I give the game a reserved thumbs up.  If you are into turn based battles and don't mind the occasional ""impossible"" battle, give Storm Guard a try."
76561198200192485,Recommended,409910,33751201,Posted: 23 July,all,tbouhome,Enjoyable game. Great feel and my kind of genre. Finished satisfied.
76561198019959406,Recommended,409910,23087832,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Tandgnost,"I like the game but i experience often that during combat the game suddenly wont switch turns. Its not crashed, I can click on characters and so on but I wont get my turn or the NPC wont get its turn again so I have to reload and start from last saved game. Dont know if its my pc settings but its quite annoying and maybe others have the same problem?"
76561198162359924,Recommended,409910,23150703,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,mi8soldier,"Great combat system, nice graphis, open ended, unlimited potential.  I look forward where this game could go, in particular, additional character models, potraits and monsters/enemies, plus battlefield locations.  I was surprised to see an actual dungeon location in the Black Knight scenario.  The longer I play, the better this game gets.  What a pleasant surprise.  So far, very good.  Yes, I encountered some bugs that required a restart."
76561198028082006,Recommended,409910,33317389,Posted: 6 July,all,Kungadin,"great turn-based strategy game for mature xcom/civ lovers. Simple to learn and enjoyable classes. Personally appreciate chance to save game cause not ironman fanatic - if you have other life than computer screen too, you might like that aswell. Game is short, but hoping company make more content in future. Found summersale and fully worth it."
76561198007117942,Recommended,409910,28242252,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,schoem,Excellent concept. Really enjoying it thus far. Highly recommended.
76561198038896333,Recommended,409910,30260307,Posted: 1 March,all,KingKoontz,Great turn based combat and party building game!
76561198210386856,Recommended,409910,24242331,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,moga babbler,An upgraded concept of the darkest dungeon :D
76561197983301475,Recommended,409910,25140720,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RabidUrko,A great turn based fantasy dungeon type crawler.
,Recommended,409910,30371149,Posted: 7 March,all,Cuchulane,"I'm loving this game. All I can say  is that I find myself drawn back to play ""just one more mission"" repeatedly."
76561198066041228,Not Recommended,409910,25171957,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,cjg0571,"At current stage, I can't recommend. I have played for two hours (hoping can get refund). So far I have lost 4 characters when I finish a mission. It usually the tanks that no longer show up on my roster. Even if I find them in the mission roster and I drag them back to character roster, they disappear. Last save was a hour apart and 3 of my 8 just disappeared after the mission. Not sure if its a windows 10 issue.Otherwise I do like the concept of the game, just hating having to pray my characters didn't disappear after the mission. And no they didn't die or have debuffs on them because they weren't even in the grave yard."
76561198018269021,Not Recommended,409910,30929291,Posted: 3 April,all,ManyAz1,"this is very simplistic, you just go from battle to battle, minimal story, and boring battles with limited strategy"
,Recommended,409910,29348570,Posted: 18 January,all,aa,"This game is not DD (darkest doungeon) tho it does come close. so for all those people saying ""if you like DD u might like this"" no stfu if u like this u might like that♥♥♥♥♥♥RNG game. this game takes skill is like ♥♥♥♥ing birds eye veiw skyrim♥♥♥♥♥on a turn based level. this game will make you ♥♥♥♥ing cringe and scream out ""why tf am i playing this"" then youll continue and play it some god damn more cause you know you had some damn fun. Im telling you rn make a new game play on normal difficulty (hardest one) and iron man mode. IF U DONT HAVE IRON MAN ON ITS LIKE PLAYING X-COM WITH NO IRON MAN. WHATS THE POINT?? youll be clearing some levels and be like wow this is easy i have a sick plan i cant lose! NEXT THING U KNOW U GOT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AMBUSHED AND ITS ACTUALLY A CHALLANGE. telling yall str8 up good game if u got some ♥♥♥♥ing balls"
76561198092431729,Recommended,409910,25170307,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MORROGANDER,"Welcome back, commander!"
76561198000703525,Recommended,409910,24897019,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Jedi Master Congas,the game is ♥♥♥♥in amazing. just started and loving it!
76561197987606560,Recommended,409910,21009902,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,PizzaPL,Very good game.
76561198039894350,Recommended,409910,25498346,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ben,FANTASTIC
76561197980974856,Not Recommended,409910,25361060,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,leonidas480bc,not fun not finished too repetitive
76561197987850921,Not Recommended,409910,28557311,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,nisseperlemo,"Quite simply. Darkest Dungeon is a better game. If you havn't played that yet. Buy it instead of this game. If you loved Darkest dungeon and want more of the same, this might be it. Warning though, the uniqe atmosphere in DD is unique. This doesnt even come close"
76561198008778965,Not Recommended,409910,25170037,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CromX,"This game is not worth buying. It's actually unecessarily frustrating. Lets start with the obvious you CANNOT save anywhere you want. Meaning you can lose an hour or more of progress easily...and routinely. Add to this the autosave feature which saves AFTER a turn has completed. It does no good whatsoever.Lost a healer I had since the beginning of the game due to a damage over time ticking for 1/3 his health. Try to load the autosave, and it just loads the same scene over and over where he is dead. You can always opt to reload a save from town and lose all the time and anything you found in the dungeon. Then again you could opt to just not waste your money on a game with intentionally abnoxious game mechanics included.If you are looking for a nice RPG where you can develop a party of adventurers look ELSEWHERE. Besides the aforementioned problems the game is shallow at its core. And the panic feature is nothing but a doom counter, so if you hate doom counters you will hate this game.I find nothing redeeming about this game. The only thing I wanted from it was character development and RPG like features. It not only fails to deliver, it intentionally makes it frustrating to play in this manner. I wholeheartedly recommend you DO NOT buy this game.If I could get  refund( I am hoping) I would, but at the very least I can hopefully stop at least a few others from wasting their money on this garbage. I wish steam would vet these games more. The glaring thing that really pisses me off is that the developers are selling it as a RPG like game with character development for the money, but actually created a game that makes it possible to lose all your characters in often unfair, unbalanced situations....or of course you can reload a save from town which might be an hour or more of progress lost.Awful the developers ought to be ashamed."
76561198286538113,Not Recommended,409910,26056541,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,dmoondogm,the balanceing is horrible
76561198145312716,Not Recommended,409910,21061046,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dylan Kleblaze,VOICE ACTING IS TERRIBLE. I SAT THROUGH 11 MINS OF GAMEPLAY WAITING FOR THE VOICE ACTORS BALLS TO DROP I MEAN COME ON!
,Recommended,409910,34871268,Posted: 10 September,all,Wolfbane,Quite simply.This game is a pure gem.
76561198040711515,Recommended,409910,35220230,Posted: 26 September,all,mrbunnyban,"This is a tough one to review properly. The game is really quite basic and the graphics are horrendous. But somehow... I enjoyed it enjough to play to the end. Hrm.Compare this game with Legend of Eisenwald. Legend of Eisenwald is better made in just about every way. Graphics, story, tactical battles, voice acting, Legend of Eisenwald is leagues above this title. However, I couldn't bring myself to complete Legends of Eisenwald due to the game removing my troops my troops every other map thus wasting my efforts in levelling them up. (I detest grinding) And yet I played this game through to the end? Doesn't that say something?So I'm giving this game a begrudging recommendation. It's really unpolished and many aspects are more of the same with not much variation. So once you've completed it (IF you complete it), don't expect to want another playthrough or to spend more time on it. I enjoyed my time with it and even defeated the extremely cheap final boss, but I probably won't pick it up again.And don't listen to the singing in the ending credits. You were warned."
