user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,410110,19185057,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Tony,Hotline Maxico
,Recommended,410110,19185870,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,|N| JiB...,"FUN GAME. I was a little worn out from my CS:GO regime and decided to switch things up. This game literally came out today so I thought hey why not.PROS: deceptively challenging. It looks easy, however I definitely got frustrated at a few spots. Cool soundtrack, it is a bit repetitive after awhile but still enjoyable. Story line is.. weird? But in a good way. Multiple guns as well as reload mechanics make for some tricky engagements. Fun game. Also found a bug and they patched it within a couple hours.CONS: Short :/ I read mid-high skill levels would be 4-6 hours and I beat it in 2. Perhaps I'm a badass? Granted I didn't kick over every single stone.. But I shot every guy that I saw and read the subtitles.Summary: Was it worth $9? Yeah. Will I play it again? Probably not. I was hoping to have a HARD difficulty unlocked once  I beat it on medium but that was not the case. I like to think some indie guys made this game and this supports them in making more awesome games, and for all the money I waste on big titles it was a nice change of pace. They're right.. 12 is better than 6."
,Recommended,410110,19237232,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Survii Gecko,Hotline Miami 3: Wrong country
,Recommended,410110,26258021,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,LeadPotato,like hotline miami but with mexicans
,Not Recommended,410110,19408007,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,dzdncnfusd,"12 is Better Than 6 is a top-down shooter in the vein of Hotline Miami if they had decided to channel Westerns such as Dead Man and The Wild Bunch instead of Cocaine Cowboys. It is an admirable, but ultimately flawed attempt at trying to translate the top-down shooter to the Wild West. It is uncomitted to anything more than the base mechanic of reloading, which while interesting and potentially nailbiting once you get the hang of it, isn't enough to get you excited for what in store.The game itself has many interesting ideas throughout, such as reloading and priming your weapon manualy as opposed to just slamming down on LMB. While this makes some firefights pretty tense, more often than not, it makes ducking in a corner and waiting all too viable of an option. Stealth is also flawed at times, given that you default knife has the ""potential"" to not kill enemies in one hit once alerted. Melee, while limited to one or two section in the game, is also, a bit of a gamble, with you hoping to hit your opponent before he retaliates. Thankfully, your survivability is a tad higher here than in HM (Even more so with an upgrade.) and like said game, continues are unlimited, but the time between resets is so disconnecting that it can be a little disorienting. Combos exist, but the only reward for getting them is hearing the main character spout the same lines over and over. There's literally no motivation for slaughtering multiple enemies barring your desire to read an obscuring text bubble over and over.The story is also borderline nonsensical, with you taking control of a Mexican with a bad attitude in search of his lost memories. What starts out as as a stereotypical introduction turns into a jumbled mess of plots, where you fight no less than five factions due to your actions. Motivations are never established and unlike, ""you know what"", the underlying gameplay and is lacking that pizzaz and allure that would carry the convoluted story through to the end. Also of note, various flavor dialog is untranslated, minor spelling and gramatical erros abound. I normally wouldn't be so peevish if everything else was well executed, but as you could assume, it isn't.The art at times, while an interesting stylistic choice, fails to convey much of what your doing while in action and often looks like you stumbled upon an eight grader's Western fan-fic. Despite this, the it's probably the games biggest strength due to the immediate contrast a la ""Madworld"".I admire the developers for being so adamant and dilligent with fixing various game breaking bugs, especially running this on a Linux system. I sincerely hope that the developers are able to refine their craft in the future, because 12 is Better Than 6 definately has something about it that screams wanting to be good and at ever fleeting moments, achieves it. Nevertheless, at ten dollars with little to no replay value, I can't recommend it without some serious caveats or discounts. There are worse games out there for sure, and it's not a malignantly bad title, but at the current price point, it is nothing more than a mildly interesting curio."
,Not Recommended,410110,28396777,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,EvilLost,"""Neither yes or no""; Steam ratings need a ""neutral"" recommendation option.A simple game much in the style of ""Hotline Miami"" except mostly with gunplay rather than melee+thrown items. The gameplay itself is basic and clean, but poor level design, a lack of progression, and a pointless money mechanic lead to a confusing experience overall.Overall, its barely an OK game for $3 or less at best.PROS:-A few different guns that need to be operated correctly ♥♥♥♥♥♥the bolt, re-load, etc).--Weapons are: Knife, 6-shooter (pistol), double-barrel shotgun, and rifle.-Gameplay is fast and clean. AI is tough but not cheap.NEUTRAL:-There is a story of some kind but I skipped past it. The story was told entirely through text and ruined the rapid pace of the action gameplay.CONS:-Environments are re-used almost verbatim.-""Random"" encounters are pointless and annoying. You will get interrupted between travels to get attacked by 1-3 enemies. (complete with load screen before/after the encounter)-Money in the game serves no purpose. There are upgrades to buy but they only appear at certain points through the adventure and next to each vendor is a guy that offers you unlimited ""mini missions"" for bonus money so you can afford the upgrade. A pointless grind....just give the upgrades for free and ditch the money. NOTE: There is NO other purpose for the money (you do not buy bullets etc).-Gun looting mechanic makes no sense. You can NOT take bullets out of dead enemies guns. This means it usually makes more sense to drop an empty gun and pick up a dead guys gun rather than to reload because if you reload and run out of bullets, you can not take the bullets out of the guns on the ground (??).-The ""12 is better than 6"" upgrade which makes you dual wield pistols is BUGGED. You cannot reload the guns normally (your bullets just disappear, they DO get used up but no reload happens). Instead, you need to switch to your knife and switch back to your pistols to get them to auto-reload. This is especially embarassing considering this upgrade is literally named after the game.-Dead enemies leave their hat behind. Since the game is 2D top-down view, it can be difficult to distinguish living enemies from dead ones in the middle of a fight.-Similar problem to above, but sometimes its simply hard to SEE the enemies. The art style is a very simple black-and-white line drawing and the hats have almost no variation/distinction to them."
,Recommended,410110,29285789,Posted: 15 January,all,Sparta,Hotline Texas: Wrong Sombrero
,Recommended,410110,23840153,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly Goes Hotline MiamiAlright, 12 Is Better Than 6 is done and dusted. It’s hard to know for sure because of IM, but I’d say my total play time was around 6 or 7 hours. Initially, I died a lot, but as you go on, get upgrades, and especially as you get dual wield pistols (the 12 in the title), you pretty much become an unstoppable force.StoryThe story was pretty silly overall, and yet you still want to see it through to the end. Basically, you are a Mexican ex gang leader seeking revenge and trying to find your lost memories. In fact, you are known simply as “The Mexican.” You have no love for the white man, Indians, or even other Mexicans! Basically, you are just angry at the world. However, you do have a sense of humor still (and that comes out nicely in the dialogue), and despite basically having no good intent, you still manage to do some good as you wander around Texas.I feel the story merits an 8 out of 10 overall. Although a bit sparse and heavy handed, it is also compelling and effective.GraphicsThe art style was awesome: nice black and white world with red highlights (basically, any blood spilled). It was very cool looking, especially for a top down game. I will mention this a few times, but 12 Is Better Than 6 pulls from the obvious blend of Hotline Miami and The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly influences to craft a stunning worldThe graphics get a solid 10 out of 10.They could not be more perfect for this one.GameplaySo, it is similar to Hotline Miami in a lot of ways, but far more forgiving. You can hide from aggro’d enemies with more certainty of success and, as long as you keep moving, enemies will miss with their weapons more often. It’s still twin stick shooter goodness though. You can use the environment to your advantage in both the applications of stealth and of violence.The gameplay itself was seamless. I encountered zero issues throughout; no clipping, no weird physics, no stuttering or freezes or crashes. In every way, it performed immaculately.I give the gameplay 9 out of 10. It is fluid and nearly perfect.SoundsThe music was awesome. So much so that I bought the OST today. Really was perfect for the game, and generally awesome anyway. You could jam to this with no regrets while driving or running or whatever you choose to do. Not to keep bringing up Hotline Miami, but the soundtrack for this game is to Westerns what HM’s soundtrack was to…well…Miami (Vice era).The soundtrack is an easy 10 out of 10. Some good stuff there.VerdictI think overall, I would give this game 9.3 bullets whizzing by your head as you drink tequila and plot your revenge out of 10 possible.By the way, there is an endless mode after you finish 12 Is Better Than 6 (you can probably play this before, but I didn’t) called Purgatorium Mode, where you have been condemned to a hellish undead existence and must kill all the other sinners. Check it out if you can.You can find this and other reviews/articles athttps://www.ticgn.com/"
,Recommended,410110,22608871,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,anywher,"- Somewhat buggy- At times unforgiving and unfair- Art style can be disorientating- Reload mechanics are cumbersomeBut...When you're running around with bullets flying, the music pumping and the bodies piling up.... None of that matters.Excellent fun."
,Recommended,410110,23730004,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Ink Stain GamesPublishers:PinkAppInitial release:Oct 2015Genre:Top Down/Twin Stick Shooter, Action, Western#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and Summation12 is better than 6 is a interesting take on the well established “twin stick shooter” genre.Take Hotline Miami, stick it in a western and give it some stylized art direction. What makes 12 is better than 6 unique aside from its visuals is the mechanics of each weapon. There are 5 in total and each handle rather differently. The revolver requires you to fan the hammer. The rife requires re-cocking after each shot. You must also reload each bullet for all weapons types including the shotgun and the bow as well as the weapons mentioned before. There is also dynamite for when things get too hectic.The visuals create a stark contrast between the environment drawn with purple lines on a paper aesthetic from the vibrant red blood strewn down from your bloodlust.The campaign is roughly 4-ish hours long and has a decent story and seems mostly satirical. There is also an arena mode that is quite enjoyable. The campaign features some buyable upgrades should you acquire enough money to buy them such as attaching dynamite to rats and having them seek out enemies. There are also some side missions that personally I found quite challenging to earn some extra bucks.Another thing that makes the game mechanically more interesting is the light stealth mechanics. You can knife people silently or use the bow. Obviously having someone see you or have the dead body be found sets off an alert, not an actual alert but a search is started near your last seen location or near the body.The game is very fast paced, death and comes in one hit or a couple of grazes, respawns are fast, sometimes so fast I ended up firing and alerting everyone to my location. But the respawns are so fast it was no matter at all.THE GISTReally good twin stick shooter with a unique twist. Visually and mechanically.Follow my curation for more"
76561197977485957,Recommended,410110,22771373,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Entity325,Good presentation is better than fancy graphics.Great writing is better than abundant voice work.Solid focus is better than massive budget.12 is better than 6.
,Not Recommended,410110,22971595,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Jåzzy,"A bit more broken then hotline miami, firearm mechanics that only make things tedious, and an art style that makes it really hard to tell where the enemy is in relationship to yourself.Also the things characters say in this game are really weird, like stripped right from some fanfiction. The main character, known as ""the mexican"" does emotes in his dialog. What I mean by that is the main character will talk like ""Hey, fat pig gringo, you better do what I say or I'll cut you *puts knife to gringo's throat* .""I'd expect that♥♥♥♥♥♥from a 13 year old's Roleplay fanfic. Can't take it seriously at all."
76561198197753937,Recommended,410110,26269850,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Puke Skydancer,Pros--Awesome Soundtracks-Great Artstyle-Different ways to complete levelsCons--Short-Expensive-Gets Repetitive
,Not Recommended,410110,19462602,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,reaskon,"Its a fun game, but there are so many issues... Its not hard, its frustrating. You can skip dialogues and side missions / upgrades without having any idea that you did, because there is no clear indication what will trigger the next mission and what wont. Walking near an npc automatically triggers any dialogue that he has, so if you stray to near them you can suddenly find yourself in the next area.Weapons are fun - the rifle, the pistol and the shotgun all feel nice to use, but since the rifle has the largest clip size off the bat and the best accuracy/ range, all other weapons feel lacklustre. Melee weapons... don’t go there. Its not clear what will be a kill and what wont, and the missions where you are forced to use melee weapons are just annoying. You also have dynamite, which is so inconsequential and useless that you’ll use it once or twice and then just stop. You CAN use a knife at any point, and you can silently take down enemies, but what’s the fun of that? Finally, the cocking mechanic. Instead of just hitting LMB to fire, you first have to hit RMB. Thats the gimmick. Just that. Its doesn’t really add much to the game-play, and while it can make some sections more tense, having enemies that arnt dumb would work just as well.Enemy Ai is... weak. basicaly they walk towards you. so sit around a corner and just stand there moving down anything that walks past. Alternativly you can use the rifle, stand waaaay back and just pick them off while they stand there like ducks.Art style looks nice for a while, but gets old VERY quickly, and while the music is easily one of the best things about this game, it just doesnt work well enough to be of any real importance. You might get a kick out of the music and the story, but if your looking for any replayability or a good top down shooter, this game has 0 depth.DO NOT pay the 10 euro for this game - you can find better ones for free on newgrounds for crying out loud."
,Not Recommended,410110,20043607,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,schwem00,"Great idea, awful execution.The reloading system is confusing at first and never really explained by the game, and picking up weapons is often glitchy and not well shown. The knives make no sense, sometimes an enemy goes down after being stabbed once, sometimes they take 4 hits to the face and don't die. The art style is cool, but because all you can ever see of an enemy is their hat, which stays in the same position when they die, you can't easily tell who is alive and who is dead. Not to mention, you can't tell what enemies can and can't shoot over very easily. Sad, I loved Hotline Miami 1 and 2 and heard that this was basically Western Hotline Miami with a different art style.Yeah, its western Hotline Miami, with an awful and not well explained reloading system, enemies who sometimes die in one hit and sometimes don't, and hats that make it impossible to tell if someone is alive or dead."
,Recommended,410110,22423724,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ionox,"Pro: Solid gameplay. Where Hotline Miami is more about strategy and speed (level layout and hitting people fast) this game is more about tactics (using the right weapons and bunching up foes). Lots of fun, good music, good art style, unique reloading system.Con: Reloading and ammo picking up system is slow and gets burdensome near the end. The art style sometimes hides enemies who kill you. The view is a little too zoomed in and the jerky screen often left me a little disoriented.Neutral: The plot is pretty silly, but not more silly than your usual western, it fits, it's not exceptional or terrible."
,Recommended,410110,20414049,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,951Jimbo,"I was really excited to play 12ibt6 after I thoroughly enjoyed Hotline Miami.  Somehow, it’s not quite as good but still worthwhile.This game gets a lot right: The music is great, really great - the art is very well done - the combat is fast as it should be - everything seems right, but somehow it’s not as captivating as Hotline Miami.  I always had fun playing the game, but I never felt like I had to come back to it.  That being said, it’s still a fun game."
76561198053014819,Recommended,410110,29652965,Posted: 2 February,all,dirtyfridge,I like Hotline Miami so I like this game.Good dialogFun gameplayKickass soundtrackI got it on sale...
,Not Recommended,410110,30603970,Posted: 18 March,all,Swoopy McScoopyDoopy,"bad.See the thing is, Hotline Miami uses a very creative color scheme. Red is generally avoided, as well as white, so enemies and especially DEAD enemies are easily noted at a quick glance, while the rest of the game can remain bright and vibrant.The idea of a handdrawn style at first was very appealing, but in execution, without color, it makes the game much more frustrating. That's my main gripe. The style wasn't well executed, and interferes too much with gameplay. Would work better with either a more distinguished art style, color, or a different gameplay style. Sadly, it just doesn't work here."
76561197987116308,Recommended,410110,23400524,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,[ORF] Wayna Pawiasek,had a problem after an update - quick response from developer - good service!
,Recommended,410110,34640612,Posted: 31 August,all,feelgood77,"This game offers very contagious playstyle with original sketch-like design.Pros:- Addictive gameplay- Challenging levels- Fun to play again- Original controls- Original design- Fast action- Stealth-mode friendlyCons:- Sometimes repetitive levels- Short campaignOverall, highly recommended game :)"
76561198013197255,Recommended,410110,29952986,Posted: 15 February,all,JayKay,"Do I recommend this game? yes but with a pinch of saltSo what we have here is a top down shooter set in the wild west. that works on a 1 hit kill system (think hotline miami), most of the game is ""here is a area, now go kill your way to the exit"" and how you commit the killing is dependent on what the enemy has. the weapon system works on a sorta wishy washy ammo system with field stipping (taking ammo from dead men's guns) but the guns might change one a dime making all that micro management feel like a wasted effort.But shooting them feels good, most of the guns are lever action or bolt action meaning you gotta♥♥♥♥♥♥the gun before shooting, and due to the nature of the guns reloading is a bullet at a time. It does get tense, well... when your not hiding round a corner waiting for them and poping them one by one.Now about that plot/story. you are jesus (not that jesus) running for your life from lots of uh.... ""gringos"", the game is admrable for sorta talking about the more dark side of the wild west when it comes to race, but most of the time it's very ham fisted.""me no like you mexicans"" ""me no like you, gringo"" ""grr we shoot you now""Yea...The game also has ""Acts"" which flow about as well as your first minecraft man made water feature, Its stops and starts and i'ts filled with holes patched with what you could find. It also suffers from one of the most stupid things i've seen to make a game longer. As you travel from town to town (with no input from the player) you get into RANDOM ENCOUNTERS. random encounters that happen Wayyyyyyyyy to much.Art style? eh, Its a ""take it or leave it"", It looks good but it takes getting used to. Word of advice: grab flux or something that will tint your monitor to a yellow shade, looking at blue & white for extended times does not help your eyes.What about that music? I hear you cry. Its good but there needs to be more of it, one particular track will be burned into your mind with how often it's used, however until that point its pretty great.All in all, buy the game for the shooty part, the best part, everything else is just things that glue the shooty parts together, and it's painfully obvious at times.P.S. Dont name your game 12 is better than 6 when dual wielding is a lategame unlock, thats just a♥♥♥♥♥♥move"
,Not Recommended,410110,19832026,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ashtrail,"This is not a bad game, but the thing is everybody is giving a good review (at the moment the users review are very postive) and this game is not perfect. The devs are still working on it so perhaps I'll be changing this to a positive review soon.Let's start with thegood points:The game has got a great soundtrackHotline Miami like gameplayThe whole cocking the gun thing is weird at first but pretty immersive after a few tries, you feel like a realcowboypistolero.Nice graphic (even if sometimes they will get you killed because the black and white can make ennemies hard to spot)So to sum up it's a fun game. I would actually recommand it, except I wanted people to know what's not great about the game, to be warned. As I was saying it's fun BUT let's get to thebad points:Melee fight : you have no range, and you don't OHKO if you don't aim perfectly (unlike HM) so sometimes stealth is a real pain in the buttWhen you die to reset the level you have to click, and there's a short lag so some people like me will spam the click, and when they spawn shoot, destroying stealth, getting caught and killed, starting again, being mad so clicking even more, leading sometimes to 5 missions failure in a row for nothing. Why don't the devs just put it on R like every die and retry in the story of humanity? (of course you can't change that control).The story (I mean you're a racist mexican killing people to find back your memory, I've seen better)Well it's not really in the game but some updates destroyed my saves, which is pretty sad.The reloading is really weird, ennemies don't drop ammo but guns and you can't transfer ammunition from one gun to another so you have to take the gun with the most amo in it. As for the reloading mechanic after over 10h of gameplay it still doesn't make any sense to me (I mean it's reloading how hard can it get, shouldn't it be : take ammo from the ammo stock to refill gun, substract the amount used from the ammo stock? Not randomly reshuffle the ammo in the gun and the stock sometimes loosing some in the Great Void). So basically you use a gun until there's no more ammo in it and go grab another one. You might say ""well it's the same in HM and it's not a problem"" but as I said, in this game melee is very poor so without a gun you're dead, and if you're going to put a mechanic in a game, might as well make it at least a little useful.Last thing there's a cool feature that allows you to chose among several hats, which is fun BUT the games put your sombrero back at each level so you have to pause, go in the menu and put back the hat that you like (and you don't have an overall view, you can only click left or right to see the next sombrero, until you find the one you want). That's a pain so you just stop customizing your hat which is a shame.Without these bad points I would recommand this game 100%.Unfortunatly on top of the rest, two of the good points of this game (my favorite parts) can be found otherwere (on Steam) :Hotline Miami's gameplay -> well inHotline Miami, and it's better in HMFar West feel -> inCall Of Juarez : Gunslinger"
,Recommended,410110,24066259,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nixxen,"Positive:Entertaining ""hotline-style"" gun-play-Ok story.-Nice hand drawn graphics.-Fantastic soundtrack.Mediocre:-Derpy ending. Came very sudden and felt a bit like those games where the development was cut short and they just had to end it before it was done. It's not BAD, but it just didn't feel right.-Game gets a bit too easy with all the perks you can buy. Perhaps not all the perks, but the ""take two hits"" perk essentially doubles your health, and give you a free ""get out of jail"" card for when you mess up and should be dead.All in all:I loved the game.It could have been longer, and the ending less derpy, but it was a great game.Got it during the 2016 summersale for 70% off. Seeing how it was to play I would probably have bought it for 30% off even, but at the time I had no prior knowledge to the game and went in blind."
76561198180274566,Recommended,410110,34775205,Posted: 6 September,all,/pol/,"Ok, first thing, i am a fan of the hotline miami serie so don't take too seriously this review since i might influence it12 is better than 6 is first of all a hardcore game, this means you will need a lot of practice (or perhaps just 5 minutes if you have played hotline miami and finished all chapters with A+) to familiarise with the game's controls and mechanics, for example you have to♥♥♥♥♥♥your gun before every shot or that a backstab is an instant kill while knifing in front of the enemy will result in your own death.This is my long preamble now let's start with the real reviewPros:-Graphics: the game graphics looks like a comic, everything is in black and white, except for the blood which sticks out thanks to the white background-Music: the game's music tracks are really good and are settled well for every scene. However there aren't many of them-Difficulty: as i said this is a hardcore game, while for many it could be a bad thing, for me it's funny since i like challenges. Ah yeah, for some parts the game is trial and error and that could be a little bit annoying but this is also a feature of hard games-Price: the game's really cheap for what it offers, anyway I recommend you to buy it while it's on sale because of the short plotCons:-Plot: the plot isn't the main focus of this game so i am not surprised by its unoriginality. Moreover it's short, really short.It's the first time i see a game about a mexican in a western game though (ah yeah, sometimes the main character insults some npc in spanish, so thumbs up since I have watched Narcos and I know a few of spanish insults)-Game: it can be repetitive in some parts, there is no change in the game mechanics and moreover you could get tired of the same weaponsOne last thing: This game is going to bring you either fun or rage. (If you are the latter one, i will say one only thing:""Git gud"")This is my review, I'm sorry for my English, it's like my third language so...maybe i should git gud in studying English"
,Recommended,410110,24959541,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,mercury,"Nice game - fast paced, cool story and stylish graphics - I like it.(But the German translation is from hell - e.g.  even ""Deutsch"" is spelled wrong in the settings => ""Deutch"" - for more see the screenshots I uploaded.It also took me some time to find out that ""Trainert"" should mean ""Tutorial"" or what the difference between ""Fortsetzen"" and ""Fortfahren"" is :-D )"
,Recommended,410110,24095651,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Player,"Relaxing top down view shooter with great pencil painted graphic and variety of weapons, each is operated another way. Many levels to play. Similar playstyle toHotline Miamibut way better. And a Mexican guy."
,Recommended,410110,24159459,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Toasty,"Let me just say this right now, I lovedHotline Miami, andHotline Miami 2to a less extent, so when I found this game I immediatly fell in love with it. And comparing this game toHotline Miamiisn't a bad thing, that game was incredibly awesome, so this game being compared to it in a positive aspect is good. And I am very happy with my purchase, so what's good and bad about this game?ProsConsGreat Art Style choiceGame isn't good at explaining conbtrolesFast Paced and funWonkey ControlesFun AchievmentsThe Auto TargetingThe Lovable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ protagonistA somewhat weak storyA nice variety of weapons---------"
,Recommended,410110,32943561,Posted: 28 June,all,JunQoo,+topview shooter+speedy gameplay-shallow story-hard achievements6/10 decent game considering its price.  Reminds me one of those newgrounds flash games I used to play back in the day.
,Recommended,410110,20467597,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Maguro,"For fans of hotline miami or other fast-paced shooters this game is a must own. Great art direction and soundtrack, you can tell a lot of love was put into this game."
76561198006541362,Recommended,410110,21526447,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,stranger1982,"You're an escaped slave with no memory of your past, all you have is your sombrero and a revolver as you set down on a journey to find out who you are and what happened to you.A top-down shooter with a peculiar art style, 12 is better than 6 is pretty short and has a simple gameplay but comes out as a pretty fun and engaging game.PROS:-the hand drawn style works really well-the soundtrack is quite nice-controls and gunplay are quite responsive most of the time-while there's only an handful of different weapons (revolver, shotgun, rifle, bow) they all have their pros and cons and feel useful in different situations-offers a good challengeNEUTRAL:-writing and story are somewhat bland overallCONS:-enemies will sometimes be hard to spot when the action gets frantic, either lost in the background or amongst corpses-reload mechanics can feel slightly unwieldy at times, same goes for aiming ( I feel a straight line rather than an aiming reticle'd have made things much easier)-gameplay can get repetitive in the long run-a few minor bugs-pretty short at 3/4 hours to completehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=63458928412 is Better Than 6 is often compared to Hotline Miami and I can see why, you get missions where you kill scores of bad guys while trying to not get killed unless you want to restart the level from scratch: the gameplay isn't as refined as Hotline but it works well enough to provide a fair amount of fun. If a section gets too frustrating you can also drop the difficulty to low so that you won't be instakilled most of the time.The art style is truly nice and original, the black and white world is only coloured by any blood you spill, and the soundtrack is quite good. The actual gunplay is interesting and has you having to ready each shot for most weapons with one mouse button before you can shoot with the other: I must say there were a few times where I felt the controls wern't as responsive as hoped and I died a few times due to that. The gameplay also never strays too far from stealth around/ kill everyone so don't expect much else, even more so if you consider that the characters and story are pretty meh.Even if it's not perfect 12 is better than 6 is more than decent and has enough character going for it to be a worthy purchase if you enjoy the genre, even more so if you consider it can go as low as 3$ when on sale."
76561198006934852,Recommended,410110,30682688,Posted: 23 March,all,-- ExotixisT -- (eks-ot'i-sist),"Hotline Mexico.Fast-paced action, stylish top-down carnage, with an interesting story and satisfying gunplay.- Skinny from the Fat B*stard(curator link)"
76561198187788558,Recommended,410110,23677311,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,MiniMenace,"12 is better than 6....A unique title for a unique game. Let me start by saying this is not for everyone. If you enjoy top-down shooters it is obviously worth a buy, but if not, this should help.STORY:Meh. It is not the best, It is not the worst. But it is there. I would not say it is a drawback, but it is not where the game shines.GAMEPLAY:This is where the game shines. IT IS HARD. Even the easiest difficulty will be a nightmare for some gamers. But if difficulty is something you spit on and willingly take up the challenge, then you could have a great time. Ok stealth gameplay. Thinking and planning defintetly required. Trial and error, with skill and precision involved.I am not a fan of top-down shooters, not a person who loves a hard game, and yet i still found this quite enjoyable. For full price it may require some thought and opinions. On sale, decide if you like what you see and act based on those feelings."
76561198070616266,Not Recommended,410110,24583984,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Master Of Bodyshots,"To be honest, when I played this game for the first time, I simply loved it. To its hand-drawn aesthetic, to its gameplay that  is greatly inspired by a popular game known as Hotline Miami. But as I continued to progress through the storyline, the game started to slowly get boring and bland as the time went on. Before we get on to the negatives on the game, let's first start off with its pros.+ Its Art StyleUnlike other games, 12 is Better Than 6 values its hand-drawn environment the most. It's unusual art style really adds to the uniqueness of the game which makes it stand out from the crowd from games that rival Hotline Miami.+ The Reload SystemOn several occasions I have frantically panicked to reload my gun to pop off another shot, only to then get killed by a mob of enemies. The reload system is basically the saving grace of this game. Compared to Hotline Miami where it's one mag and yoathis game is different. You actually have to load your gun manually, bullet by bullet. This can lead the player to create many memorable moments where the player may have fought off 10 enemies with a six-shot revolver in an open area. Because of this system, it adds to the experience of being in the Wild West.Now, the wretched cons- Enemy encounters and repetitive levelsThroughout the middle of the game, you'll be traveling to different destinations. Now you can't choose where to go, the game does, so this limits the player's freedom in the way. However, as you travel, you can get random enemy encounters, and your job is to somehow escape from these 'vile beasts.' At first, this could be seen as a wise decision from the developers of the game, to keep you focused on the action, rather than just waiting to arrive at your next area, but as you travel more and more, it just gets repetitive and the game starts to lose its touch. After getting encountered by enemies countless times, the levels start to repeat itself over and over again, until you start getting annoyed when you get yet again, another enemy encounter. The repetitive levels aren't just for random encounters though, because they happen every other time you do a mission for one of the townsfolk in your area. It's gotten to the point where I've almost memorized every level layout the game throws at me every time I do a job for more money, just to get a single perk. Speaking of the perks...- The PerksMost of the perksdon't benefit you in anyway, and just end up hurting you.are what I call barely an upgrade once you buy them off of the shelves. I've never ran into any moment while playing this game, where I thanked one of my perks for saving me in a vicious gun fight. For example, (minor Spoilers)loading two bullets at once. This perk doesn't really benefit you in any way, considering that you would be spamming r to reload your gun in a fight in the first place. Having to wield two revolvers at once, hence the title of this game. It may seem cool, but again, it doesn't really benefit you, as it encourages you to waste more ammo, rather than shooting accurate shots at your foes. Finally, having the ability to attach a stick of dynamite to a rat. Once deployed, the rat would chase any enemy that it's closest too. But this perk itself is a simple debuff to your character. Way before I got this perk, I used to kill 3 or 4 people with my throwable dynamite, but now with this 'upgrade' I only get to kill one(end of spoilers). Therefore, the gameplay just remains bland and dull with its boring stages.- Its disappointing endingThe ending to this game was beyond disappointing. I won't spoil anything about it, but the ending was just confusing and so sudden that just made me think, ""Is that it?"" I can't really say anything else; just unsatisfying.- Its short playtimeAs shown from my playtime, I finished this game in about 3 hours, all in one sitting. For a 11$ you would expect something longer; and to that I would say... NOPE. All there is at the end is an endless survival mode, and because of its ending, you wouldn't even want to continue the game. Due to my cons listed, my total experience wasen't very pleasent indeed.In the end, I can't recommened this game, to its repetitive levels to its terrible perks, I would suggest to get this game on sale rather than to buy it at its full price. However, if you're begging for a Hotline esque game and don't care about these cons, this game would be for you.EDIT: Aug 8 2016With the latest update to the game, my progress with the game has now been deleted automatically for some reason. A costume of mine is gone, and now all of the acts that I have previouslly unlocked are now no longer avaliable for me to play, since I have 'started over.' None of my opinions have yet to be changed with this game"
,Recommended,410110,26446922,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dan Peculiar,"12 is Better Than 6¿Te gusta lastimar a otras personas?Developer: InkStains GamesYear: 2015Genre: Action, IndieFranchise: N/AEngine: IDKTL;DRImagine that Hotline Miami is a racehorse. It's fast and slick and stylish, and it gets you across the line with an elegant simplicity. The sequel is like a recently retired racehorse, still fast and slick and stylish, but it gets you across the line with a lot of excess wheezing. This game is like a camel. Sure you can ride it just fine, but it has several excess humps and it limps a bit. For under 5 New Zealand dollars it's a fun little distraction on the way to the grave.REVIEWStory:Woof. The game purposes to be about an escaped Mexican slave trying to regain his memory but it's hard to pick up through the layers on layers of edge. Profanity laden and clumsy, the dialogue and exposition feel like a deviantart port of Hotline Miami's genuinely disturbing and hard-edge story. With that said, you are allowed and encouraged to skip dialogue, so no big deal. 4/10Graphics:The sketchbook aesthetic is all well and good until it comes to combat. Looking at small black and white enemies on a black and white background can be disorienting, especially when you are dealing with long ranged foes. The only colour is blood, giving an interesting contrast, but differentiating the enemies from the background would go a long way. 6/10GameplayNow on to the aforementoned humps. A big part of what makes these sorts of games so special is the fast paced action, killing without having to take breaks. This game makes the bizarre decision to have every weapon be manually loaded, which at best adds a level of authentic tension and at worst ruins the pacing. Enemies are far too accurate and can track you endlessly, but it seldom feels overly unfair. The gore leaves a lot to be desired, with no discernable difference between killing an enemy with a shotgun and killing them with a revolver. Ammo is frustratingly rare and the melee combat is far less fun and useful than it needs to be. Everything feels muted, like you're in a Wild West themed LARP rather than a true firefight. Overall, 6/10Overall:12iBT6 is a fun, if flawed, little timewaster with trading cards. If you have some spare cash after purchasing something else and it's on sale, by all means check it out. 6/10Til my next review!"
76561198044439923,Recommended,410110,19972419,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,=EBS= Vichand,"This game reminds me a lot of Hotline Miami with the graphics toned down to a pleasing ballpoint pen aesthetic. The actual gameplay is very similar as well. You point, you click, you die, you try again, you progress a little, you die again. The one major change is managing the firearms available. Since you are dealing with weapons as a constat and not as an exception, it is imperative that the mechanics are solid. And in this case they truly are perfect for the purpose. Each weapon handles in a different way. The revolvers must be cocked with RMB, for example, and this addition of something minor and simple can make a massive difference to the gameplay. It can be frustrating to know that you died because you forgot to♥♥♥♥♥♥your revolver, but you know that it was your own fault. This also makes the eventual successes that much more meaningful, because you've actually had to improve as a player to get there.In short, the game is a very good top-down shooter with a pleasing aesthetic, and pleasingly tricky gameplay. Also, you can rule over dynamite-rats who do your bidding. What is there not to like?"
,Recommended,410110,19909323,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,grimfate,"Watch the trailer and, if you think it looks like your sort of game, I recommend buying it.The game is a top-down shooter, set in the Old West, with a hand-drawn, pen-and-paper art style. The game looks great and plays great, for the most part. The game took me 6 hours to complete, which I feel is good for its price and amount of content. I just have a couple of small issues:-No Controller Support:There doesn't seem to be any controller support. Keyboard and mouse work well, but it's still the style of game I'd prefer to play with a controller.-Locked Frame Rate:The game is locked to 40FPS for some reason. Don't know if 60FPS would make a huge difference, but the fact it was locked with no option to change is disappointing.-Forgettable Story:I didn't care much about the story. I didn't find the protagonist very likeable (or any other characters), the amnesia angle wasn't very interesting, and overall I just couldn't get into it.-Per Weapon Control Schemes:Each weapon has its own control scheme required to fire it. I liked this, as it made each gun feel different, but when getting used to the game, and while in the heat of battle, it was frustrating to hit the fire button only to realise I needed to do something first to make the gun shoot.-Method of Picking Up Ammo:I wasn't paying attention when the game told me how to pick up ammo, so this could be wrong, but it seems you need to empty your current weapon and pick up another weapon of the same type with ammo already in it. This means it's extremely dangerous to pick up more ammo during a fight.-Difficulty Picking Out Enemies: I died a few times because I had failed to pick an enemy our of the environment, because everything in the game is white with blue lines. It would have been good if enemies were decorated with different colours, or had bolder outlines, or something. Thankfully most of the time you can spot them with ease, though.-Melee Weapons Suck:The start of chapter 4 sucked! You start with a shovel that hits things beside you rather than in front of you, you have dogs that you can't sneak up on (thankfully their barks don't alert enemies), and you have no chance of killing an armed enemy face-to-face, so the first level of that chapter is frustrating until you finally get a gun again (and hopefully don't die before moving onto the next level.) Thankfully I don't think melee weapons had to be used outside of that level. (This excludes stealth kills, which are generally one hit kills, although sometimes it can be difficult to line up a melee hit properly.)"
,Recommended,410110,20907768,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Nex,"This game is a unique take on the Hotline Miami formula. Unlike Bloodbath Kavkaz, this game is pretty good, with a decent western tale and solid combat. It isn't as good as Hotline Miami, but it's a good time if you've bled Hotline Miami and Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number dry and are still hungry for brutal, fast-paced top down action.+ Great music+ Hotline Miami gameplay + need to (hold) right click to shoot. If you don't right click before you try your shot, the enemy will shoot first and you will die+ Classic genre that doesn't see a lot of representation in the modern day+ Repeatable tasks for randomized fun- Melee  is often not a one hit kill- Can't deal with large swarms of people the way you could in Hotline Miami, which makes each map slower and each death is more time lostRECENTLY (AS OF 2015-02-02) THERE IS AN IMMEDIATE CRASH TO DESKTOP PROBLEM FOR MANY (ALL?) PLAYERS USING STEAM BETA CLIENTS. IF THIS HAPPENS TO YOU TRY OPTING OUT OF BETA."
,Recommended,410110,22959190,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,GameGuru,"Do u like Hotline Miami?Do u like Western Games which are not many?Do u like Top-Down Action?Go on Gringo, One of the best indie game for u!!!8/10"
76561198369353551,Recommended,410110,34519778,Posted: 26 August,all,dave098828,Picture a western Hotline Miami!! It's a great game with tons of story line but doesn't interfere with game aggravatingly. This is the first game I bought on Steam and was so bummed when I finished it.  You will not regret nor refund this purchase!Great game!!!!
,Recommended,410110,20023808,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SwissArmyKnife,"Disclaimer: Only at Act 3 of 4, have not played Endless Arena yet.Steep learning curve when working with different guns and working out aiming well. I made it through almost the entirety of the first three acts (only at Act 3 now) with only the knife because it was far easier to stealthily kill everyone. Working out which way a person is facing is a bit of a pain because the shadows don't give away their FOV. Running in a circle around a shotgun wielder while stabbing him to death is amazing.Cocking the pistol after every shot was weird, as was the rifle. The bow can only be drawn when an enemy is on screen which was also weird. Recovering arrows is a nice feature and the long-distance stealth is great. Shotgun blasts are extremely effective until you get the double-shot perk and realize you've just blown both barrels at once.Reloading and gathering ammo is a weird mechanic. Current ammo is on the left, max capacity on the right. Hold reload to empty your gun, swap guns to pickup a full gun and the emptied bullets are added to your current capacity. I had trouble figuring that out at first, even with the tutorial. I ended up spending most of the time emptying my revolver and swapping it out or knifing everyone as a result.Pros:Stealth combat - Knife and BowFast combat - Guns go dry in seconds when you get comfortableMedium Learning curveMultiple paths on most levelsDeath comes easy and fast - single shot killsGatling guns and mortars!Dynamite deaths aplenty, though it seems to be limited to 4 kills at onceOnly 1 gun can be equipped at a timeBow and arrow is very limited - strategic usage requiredCons:Very limited graphic optionsExit level to access optionsNo resolution optionsSlow rotation of Gatling gun makes it useless in some mapsBarber is terrible at defending the backAwkward ""pause"" interfaceWeak Story - stopped caring around Act 2Clicking skips the dialogue still being displayed rather than displays it all at once, missed some story because of this feature/lack of a featureSometimes spawning straight into kill zones (repetition quests)"
76561197990961284,Recommended,410110,25482616,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DareDevil,"Hotline Miami's Not So Evil TwinCampaign Length: 4 HoursScore 7/10Pros:Unique Art styleStrong Sound TrackEnjoyable AI for This GenreCons:Difficult to See EnemiesNot That ChallengingLack Luster StorySummary: With AI that does not play unfair, a great sound track, and unique visuals this game is a good way to spend 4 hours of your time. However, there is a ton of sleeping enemies that are a breeze to kill off and only one level offered me any real challenge.If you are out of games to play on your wish list or if this game goes on sale you won't be disappointed with your buy but there are better games out there to play."
,Recommended,410110,24045734,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Пупок,Black and white version of Hotline Miami in a Wild West theme. Blood looks gorgeous.
76561198112866114,Recommended,410110,25067003,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,kyzka,"Everyone mentions the fact that this game is like 'Hotline Miami', but most fail to mention the more memorable moment when you meet 'Johnny Depp' in the game for the first time. Seriously! There is a hand drawn character that could easily pass as 'Johnny Depp' (hence female gamer interests are satisfied), but there is no mention of his stardom being used in credits. I see a lawsuit brewing...'12 is better than 6' is also mistaken by many to be referring to the fact that 12 bullets are better than 6. It isn't referring to that at all. It's actually an old saying that means to have 12 in a jury is better than having 6 people carry your coffin. In other words it's a world where it is better to kill than be killed. This is the mentality of the character you control Juan who seems to be quick to pew pew his gun in this hand drawn world. Where ultimately the goal is that your hat has to kill all the other hats, to be the dominating hat in town.Your adventure starts with you (Juan) who has a loss of memory as to who he really is, gunning down a bar patron who recognises his mug from a WANTED poster. As you continue on trying to evade attention, you eventually make your way to a church where a pastor requires your help as it seems that the church has become surrounded by bandits. You try desperately not to get yourself involved, as you don't need the extra attention, but the bandits won't have any ear to your case. Your guilty by association, and you will be gunned down whether you like it or not. Defending yourself against this group of bandits, which strangely includes one Indian (explained later), your then greeted by the knowledge that the men you just defended yourself against was actually the sheriff’s men, and now you’re REALLY in trouble.With the corrupted law now against you, every bounty hunter is hot on your tail and soon the enlisted help of military, Indians and Chinese workers are also trying to kill you. It seems that every hat in this Western world is a 'bad' hat and even some hats that you thought were good to you, at the conclusion of the game will be hinted to have you outwitted. As all the npc's are playing with that same '12 is better than 6' mentality as you are.The hand drawn art style is simply gorgeous and is what benchmarks this game as something completely different, it also was made with the game maker studio prog which really dropped my jaw to the floor. The musical score is very fitting for a spaghetti western game and will have you bopping along like your some type of invincible Clint Eastwood.The mechanics of the shooting can be infuriating at times especially in the 2 bonus levels. Often i found that the knife stabs in the game would not always register, regardless to the fact that I was standing on top of my opponent. Likewise even some of the long range pistol fire would not always be accurate, even though my cross hair was directly on top of my enemies sleeping head.The weapons have their pros and cons...The knife is silent, but miss and you'll find that your alerted enemy will kill you in a heartbeat. The pistol is good for long range kills without alerting huge amounts of enemies, but come across an army and you could be in some serious trouble. The Shotgun mows down any enemy with its fragment spray, but alerts practically everyone on map. The rifle is more accurate than most and has more bullets, but again is very loud and will have a huge amount of attention directed your way. The bow and arrow is a silent deadly weapon, but the ammo is sparse in some areas. Shovels and pickaxes are longer and quicker striking melee weapons, but again they seem to have the same troubles as the knife. The turrets will mow down anything you point at, but alerts everyone when used and if they make their way to your turret from several different angles you could find yourself quickly overcome.There are also two bonus levels available...Arena - This requires you to make a stand against various waves. After 3 or 4 of them you then get greeted to a different landscape, and if you die you can continue from that particular landscape. This allows you to build up on your total wave tally, but if you ever completely exit out of the 'Arena' then you have to start from wave 1 again, as the game does not register your progress. This means because of the level of difficulty, the Arena will be seriously fun for a very limited few people who either cheat or are crack shots.Purgatory - Your dead and the only way to come out of the state of being dead is to kill people and collect their souls and return them to an altar as they were all sinners. This really doesn't make any sense whatsoever and seems to be an attempt by the developer to say ""sorry I made a game with such a terrible ending"". There are 13 locations in this bonus mode and if there is an end to this you will unlikely ever see it as there is no saved progress. Since the games detection of aiming can be dicky and one mistake can be very costly, plus the fact that the ai in the game are always super triggy happy and you will at times be spawned into a 'bad' position again makes this particular bonus level fun for a VERY, VERY FEW people. You again either have to be a cheat, or a master crack shot to progress anywhere.There is also DLC which involves an art book and the soundtrack, but in all honesty I thought this should have been bonus material for the game itself more than extra costly dlc.In final a unique shooter made by ink game studios which will grab your attention for quite a few hours. The below video will show you the two bonus levels quickly and then I try to see how far I can get in the story mode of the game without killing anyone. It’s not far and the developer seems to have made it that way on purpose as the whole story is based on the fact that you kill those sherrif men. Still it was further than what I originally thought i would get and is enough of a sample of the game for you to work out if this is the game for you. Thanks for reading...https://youtu.be/HEm64g9ecRw"
,Recommended,410110,30497981,Posted: 13 March,all,I'm A Real 1.,12 is better than 6.
,Recommended,410110,34796937,Posted: 7 September,all,Villermen,"Short but interesting top-down shooter.Pros:- A lot of levels in the campaign.- The weapon controls are unique and you really have to think differently about them than other games.- You can really think out your approach before you make a move, and have stealth kills at your disposal. So there are two styles to play.- Enemies are on equal footing, you will die if you aren't quick to react.Cons:- The enemies and weapons are hard to distinguish from each other and the background due to the monochrome art style and little movement.- The 12 is better than 6 upgrade for the revolver kills how fun the revolver is to play with for me."
,Recommended,410110,20037728,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,StorzOO,"12 is Better than 6 is a really good game, plays much like Hotline Miami.  This is a really amazing game with top-down black & white art along with awesome western-sounding soundtrack and responsive keyboard/mouse control, although at times it may hinder your ablity to find enemy that blends in with the black-white enviroment if they are not moving and you are not accustomed to enemy's hat shape.  There are bunch weapons, including knife, revolvers, rifles, shotguns, bows with ability to throw dynamite sticks.  The cocking of the gun before shoting part you will get to use to, and I find it is not difficult after initial learning curve, plays like second nature now.  Sometimes it is better use knife to silently take down enemies, but sometimes due to the top-down nature of the game, you may get disoriented and stabs  air due to wrong facing and knife's short range.  There is also a endless arena in the latest update in case you can't get enough of shooting the bad guys."
,Recommended,410110,21501367,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Barricadas,"I am not a fan of topdown shooters, maybe its because I suck at them but 12 is Better Than 6 was one of the most enjoyable indie games I've played for a long while. It is tense, creative and offers a good challenge which you can approach in many different ways.Pros:- Incredible soundtrack. It is excellent, fits the game perfectly and gets you going all the time.- Manual bolting and reloads add so much depth to gunplay thus makes the game rise above the other topdown shooters.- Story. It does not have so much depth and certainly not a piece of high literature but it shows that developers have analyzed the tropes of western genre thoroughly and executed the story with a good sense of humor.- All the weapons feel unique and your weapon of choice impacts your gameplay greatly, which makes more than one playthrough a viable option. Especially bow and shovel work quite unexpectedly well which is a nice change from the usual guns (revolver, rifle, shotgun)- Upgrades are well thought of and they all serve a good purpose, unlike filler upgrades in many other shooters.- I am not an expert on topdown shooters but stealth being a viable option most of the time is pretty good.- When talking about stealth of this game, I have to mention the knife. The way they designed the knife is amazing. If the enemy is unaware of you, you will kill him with one knife hit if you are close enough to the head and two hits if you are a bit far. If the enemy noticed you, you have to get behind his back and it will take four hits to kill while front hits won't do any damage. Simple details like this greatly increases production value of the game- You have to manage your ammo and know when to reload.Cons:- A few minor bugs which usually causes you to get stuck in a place, but it is nothing to worry about.- Tutorial part is not very good, while it teaches you most of the basics, I did not understand how to reload and ammo count for a while.- A few random chatboxes were not translated into English and were in Russian but I have encountered this for twice, so it's ignorable.- Game has enough content for its price, but a co-op mode and workshop support for user made levels (which should be easy enough I'd guess as the dev made levels seem to have include a small amount of assets) could have increased the longevity of the game.I think 12 is Better Than 6 is a must play for everyone in its current state, therefore I shall give a final score of 8/10."
76561198037382064,Recommended,410110,23299128,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DarkFearX35,"The things I like about this game are blood&gore deriving from intense shooting with nice music coming from the background. You come to the mood gringo, and shoot everyone's hats off while having fun! One of the better birdseye view shooting games on steam. It can be seen, it's inspired from Hotline Miami, but with taking its better aspects and blending it on this game. So much better than other hotline ripoffs. So get it right away gringo even with the deserving full price."
,Recommended,410110,24244599,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,pzoranni,Adrenaline junkies look here! This top down skill based shooter is chock-full of satisfying kills and fast paced gameplay. I barely blinked in the 4 to 5 hours it took to play through. The wild west version of hotline miami was a fun filled blast!
76561198148743615,Recommended,410110,25539247,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,M3ta1Drummer,A very fun Western Top-Down shooter witha funny story line.
,Recommended,410110,34653390,Posted: 1 September,all,Respecter Of Women,9/10 not enough sombreros.
76561198025115243,Recommended,410110,22880459,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,V__M,"Fine fast-paced top-down shooter, such as Hotline Miami, set in the Wild West with a good soundtrack. Simple but pretty visual style.Few bugs here and there."
76561198152987178,Recommended,410110,22890073,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Peanut,This game is unforgiving and amazing. A must buy
,Recommended,410110,33837189,Posted: 27 July,all,RPD_Hunter_482,"This game is pretty good.I love the music, such asVais ConmigoyEspiritus Del Diablo.The gameplay is great. But some mechanics are weird, like knifing. The artstyle is beautiful, and the story is good. I would still recommend buying this game on sale, but thats up to you."
,Recommended,410110,35146475,Posted: 23 September,all,fidace,"I'm ticking recommend because there's a lot I like about this game, but holy hell does it have some issues.I understand the idea of the balck and white and blood combo, but there needs to be better signposting, especially as to which direction enemies are facing.Dying from off camera is highly snnoying, and I have drawn the line at the train level.When it's humming and you're combing shots it's very good, but a whole lot of polish needs to come before it hits a wider audience."
76561198016046537,Recommended,410110,35147126,Posted: 23 September,all,Tapparella,"This is a very cool game, unfortunately too short.I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the story. Perhaps the music is too repetitive.Looking forward for the next episode."
76561198075592013,Recommended,410110,29759825,Posted: 7 February,all,Psychomaji,Awesome game. Bags of fun with a cool art style and very easy to get the hang of.
76561197979986960,Recommended,410110,19941099,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Avid Horizon,Worth a buy just for the music alone. Brilliant score.
,Recommended,410110,21487916,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,R-iel,+ cool looking+ less frustrating then Hotline Miami+ enjoyable shooting- fps cap at 38 (no joke)
,Recommended,410110,21196382,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mason_clark_source,"Hotline Miami, set in the west, with hand-drawn graphics?F**k. Yes.+ Awesome soundtrack that only SOMETIMES gets old+ Really pretty graphics+ Fast-Paced Hotline Miami gameplay+ Really cool story that I definitely did not skip through for the achievements.The only thing wrong with this game is it feels kind of wonky, but it's made in Game Maker : Studio, so I'll let it slide.9/10"
76561198198975166,Recommended,410110,29155689,Posted: 9 January,all,mimsmere3,"Interesting game play and story, but impossible on MacBook or any laptop with out separate right and left mouse buttons for the simple reason that, if you cannot hold one and click the other at the same time, you're going ot hae trouble shooting. I recommend using this game on a desktop or perhaps using an external mouse if you desire to play on a laptop without distinguishable left and right mouse buttons."
,Recommended,410110,29368490,Posted: 19 January,all,French Vegeta,Fun top down shooter.
76561198071828346,Recommended,410110,21447321,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Seigi,"Etremely enjoyable game. It's a mexican Hotline Miami with a peculiar black and white style except for the blood, which is as red as ever.As you could expect, the game is very fast paced and brutal, especially during certain levels of the Campaign (4 Acts)Some of the levels can be approached stealthily and the game has a reload function for your weapons, twisting a bit the gameplay.Story and dialogues are nothing special, but they give some context to the campaign. The package is completed by an arena mode where you survive waves of enemies as long as you can.My main complaint is that the FPS are locked at 38 for some weird reason and there is no way to tweak that.In just more than 6 hours I have completed the main story and got every achievement, so the game isn't particularly long, but for the price it's worth (especially if on sale).I thoroughly enjoyed the game. so it comes with a recommendation."
,Recommended,410110,21531747,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Arckeiner,"Hey amigo!Do you like westerns with good guys, bad guys, ugly guys, and a hero who is all of them in one mean mexican package?Do you like westerns with really good music that just goes so well with the action?Do you like westerns with a rather unusual graphic style, conveying just what it needs to, without cluttering the space?Do you like westerns with a lot of action, or a lot of stealth, or a lot of both?Then Amigo, get yourself a good dose of 12 is Better Than 6! It's cheap, it's good, and it's all of the above!PLUS! It comes with an Arena, letting you kill (or be killed by)  tons of banditos/rangers/indians/chinese-rebel-slaves/dogs/pilgrims again, and again and again!"
76561198044799192,Recommended,410110,22916496,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,110TheDream,"12 IS better than 6.This is by far my favorite top down shooter. The western theme is great with excellent art design and music. Story was ok, but the gameplay just got me so excited to continue I found myself wanting to skip the story. I only wish there was multiplayer, but overall for a few dollars it is definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,410110,29277830,Posted: 15 January,all,jirigracik,This is an avesome masterpiece. I admire you for making it trough even though the indiegogo campaign was a disaster.
,Recommended,410110,29311746,Posted: 16 January,all,gaL,"I like this game, quite fun since we could shootin' bad guys, collect hats, get drunk, and shootin' more bad guysbut I expected more complex story from it. And there are a lot of bugs that need to be repair (for example : The character  stuck inside a barrel). Well, overall this game is awesome."
76561197990570457,Recommended,410110,30377672,Posted: 7 March,all,BigdanSMASH,Fun little game that requires strategy and sometimes some pretty quick reflexes. Some dark humor and a unique graphical style. Plays smooth with simple controls. Recommend to pick it up on sale if you like top down shooter with elements of strategy and stealth. 6/10
76561198119288965,Recommended,410110,20108757,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Clad Plays,"I have not played this game for so long, meaning that I do not have the right to rate it in the early stages of playing this game, but this review is not negative.When I started the game I was brought to a 2D and yet 3D world that had the main character as a cowboy, shooting other cowboys. And to be honest it has a really cool concept. I am still debating on whether we are fighting mexicans (As In some gang war situation) or that you are mexican killing other mexicans or something.But overall the game is really cool with all the different cinematics, the storyline is interesting and the surroundings are quite fun."
,Recommended,410110,20199411,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,zobatch,"The art style gets in the way of the gameplay. It's very fast-paced and in open areas the field of view is so tight that you'll get shot before you know there's anybody there. The RMB->LMB mechanic, particularly for the revolver, is finnicky and often failed for me. I was taught that if you hold R you can pick up the ammo from a weapon, but it seems like that never actually works.The story is adequate but the motivations of the bad-guys are confusing. After you fake your death (spoilers?) why does everybody still shoot at you? And why do you still go around shooting people? It seems like that should be the end of the narrative.When the game is in towns with lots of buildings and cover the game is a blast, but there are quite a few frustrating bits. At 50% off it's totally worth it. Full price... maybe.6/10 from me."
,Recommended,410110,21039874,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,mornal,"Amazing soundtrack, great art. Gameplay is slow stealth sections that devolve quickly into chaotic madness if/when you get spotted. Excellent for scratching any itches that Hotline Miami left you with (or if the neon 80s aesthetic just isn't your style)."
76561198064556625,Recommended,410110,21469345,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Eyelord_Cakeless,"i'm only on act two. and i have crashed so, so many times. sometimes its failed memory problems, or the game just decides to freeze randomly when i press too many keys too fast. normally this wouldnt be too much of a problem. but this is a very fast paced top down shooter. and slow isnt much of an option. Frequent crashes aside this is a very fun game reminiscent of hotline miami. the problem is that it experiences so much slowdown when there are a lot of things on the screen at once. even on lower resolution! This is a fun game. not flawed by much gameplay wise. but because of all the frequent crashes it makes it hard to really get into the mood of killing people."
,Recommended,410110,21545556,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Der dasMann,"Im not a expert in writing reviews but here are my 2 centsThe Good-The story is good, not the best but you want to know what happens next-The Difficulty is also fair (atleast for me, i played alot of hotline miami on hardmode)-The gameplay is pretty smooth, from reloading, cocking your gun and throwing dynamite-The AI is what you'd expect from a topdown shooter with stealth elements-The characters are memorableThe Bad-The game can be unfair sometimes, with ammo and respawn points-You sometimes hit the corpses from the enemy that just died and is still in the dying animation-There are situations were you mistake living enemys with corpses (hats'n'stuff)-!!!Spoiler!!!The Ending is a bit too suddenThe Ugly-Im not the only one who ""Runs out of Memory"" or gets somekind of code error, this is acutally the only thing that pisses me off the most in this game, hope it gets fixed in the future (not a big deal in the story mode, but in survival...)All in all its a great game with a great soundtrack"
,Recommended,410110,22107892,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,mananlak,If you like Hotline Miami then you'll like this for sure.
76561198000738765,Recommended,410110,22810408,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mystery Mongoose,"I'm an idiot and should be publically shamed. I havew various opinions about this game, but I've got to give a reccomendation for being a dumbo about game crashes. This game crashed a lot for me, but after doing a couple things like restarting my computer and running the game in low res it was alright, and only crashed a few times."
,Recommended,410110,24096993,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Communist Walrus,"Wow. I almost beat the game and all my game's data reset. Is this just me or what? The game is bootiful though. Story is kind of like Breaking Good and combat is enjoyable. But it does help to know a good emount of Spanish, I guess?"
,Recommended,410110,24118465,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,lordmcfuzz,I got this on the summer Steam sale. Great game!The shooting macanics take a little getting used to for each gun but everything is amazing!The story is alright and the layout of each area is great and challenging.I love the balance between melee and ranged combat.You should play this game
,Recommended,410110,24311075,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,cs.money Madz,If Hotline Miami had a tougher and drawn Brother who was born in the western world. This would be himThis game will get you locked and loaded for action. It plays like hotline Miami. with a nice spice of western. from the gunplay. to the drawing of the world. it makes for fantastic entertainmentPros:Hotline Miami like gameplay. but with a western TwistThe plot is told perfectly throughout the shootouts and small conversations you have with people you meetGunplay is spot on. besides a bit of quirkiness. (has been fixed with the 60 fps update)Upgrade's for your character. especially The12 is better than 6 upgrade which allows you to duel wield revolvers.The soundtrack get's you in the zoneHat collectionsmall breaks in the local towns where you can hunt for outlaws and get cash. which can be spent on upgrades.interresting mode calledpurgatoryonce the game is completedCons:The quirkiness that the 30fps lock that the game originally had when i bought it.There's no form of gameplay+ were you get to keep the upgrades you farmed money for.The game all together gets a solid9/10from me. sure it has some flaws which i have not stated. but the game is so much fun and delivers so much intertainment that i can't help but give it this fair rating
76561198280061902,Recommended,410110,22836322,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Anthonishere,"Hotline mexico, personally, not so much. Hotline miami is better, waaaaay better, More fast pased and polished. But I enjoy my time with this, the soundtrack is really good, the art style is beautifull even if it looks unfinished for me and the gameplay is also diferent, but its more frustating than hard. The story is pretty weak although the dialoge is hilarious, it has character but no big plot. Overall, pay Hotline miami first and if you like it try this one, if not, dont even bother cause its hard to spot enemies ad their A.I. is too OP. I can safely say that this is the second best top-down shooter of 2015, after hotline miami 2 of course.6/10"
,Recommended,410110,24283077,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[Psi-7] Quin,"Good game! Great mechanics; only problem I have is that if you look too far away with the SHIFT-look thing, you can't move your character and will likely die.9.75/10, would play again"
,Recommended,410110,25447188,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Areola Grande,"The dialogue/emotes are absolutely cringeworthy (*puts knife to gringo's throat*), but it's a fun game.  Not quite the same feel as Hotline Miami, but I enjoy it.  I'd say the pace of combat is definitely a bit slower with manual reloading.  Either way, it's an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,410110,24240719,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Garracuda,"If you enjoyed both Hotline Miami and Red Dead Redemption, this will definitely appeal to you."
,Recommended,410110,31699289,Posted: 12 May,all,₵૨ค𝔷𝔂λ𝒻λ,"History:6/10 -(it is just an background story to justify your actions, nothing more)You are a mexican imigrant who kills everyone he wants and is trying to ""survive"" the ""new"" western-type of life , where you will meet bandidos, gringos, corrupted sherrifs, etc.Gameplay:7/10 - (the best of the game)An top-down shooter, different types of guns (revolver, shotgun, rifle, dynamite, etc.) with okay movimentationGraphics:7/10An black-blue and white style of Visual, some minor details on the enviroment, nothing surprising.Sound:6/10Nothing serious, just an wester-old-fashion background music, nothing surprising.Summary:7/10An ""okay"" game to waste your useless time when you are boring."
76561198076128244,Recommended,410110,29195931,Posted: 11 January,all,DarkCthulu,"It's simple but really fun, takes a few tries to learn the mechanics but when you do the game is a blast to play in short bursts."
,Recommended,410110,22771935,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Skylar1146,"I've never played hotline miami, which this is apparently based on. 12 is better than 6 is a joy of a game. I haven't felt this intense action in a long time. The game feels right at home on the mouse, a perfect extension of it. The gun system is tight, controlled and doesn't get bland. It really puts you right in the feeling of a cowboy on the run. If you are here looking for a game with deep lore or a story, look elsewhere, as this game is all about mindless killing and action.The goodBeautiful hand drawn artHeart pounding combatTight Controls7/10 Level designClever gun systemThe BadText Overlay system always gets in the wayLevels don't seem to be that varied so far.Provides no feedback of getting money or items-You don't know it happened most of the timeRandomized enemies on some levels defeats the purpose of formulating a strategyStory is bland and not interesting, it didn't have to be there and shouldn't have beenYou have to go into the menu to see how much dynamite you have, assuming the game doesn't seemingly randomly strip you of all of it. This can cause you to try to use it and die, with you assuming you still kept some.Hard to see the enemies, no distinction in a pile of dead enemies.You can get killed in dialouge and there is nothing you can do about itThere is a system where you pick up other guns and take their bullets. It is strange, not very fun, takes you out of the action and is hard to understand. I'm still not sure I understand it, but thankfully you can ignore it.Overall, the combat alone is worth it, but there are a few things that I gripe about. Just because their is more cons vs pros doesn't mean they outweigh each other. They are just small things I nitpicked, which ""The Good"" heavily outweighs."
76561198192010411,Recommended,410110,28209967,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Keladran,Good game but is very repetitive
,Not Recommended,410110,25477429,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pagno non mi bannare,"only buy if it's on sale for 1$ or less, this game wants to be hotline miami western version but fails miserably. the level design is hideous and leaves almost no possibility for a stealth approach to the stages, despite the fact that stealth should be one of the game's most prominent features according to the steam description. the shooting mechanic is lousy and unreliable, the enemies have deadeye accuracy and can shoot from across the map without missing a shot whereas you need to stand right in front of your target in order to hit it otherwise you WILL miss. on top of that the topdown view combined with the white & blue only graphics style makes it really hard to tell apart the enemies from the environment at a first glance."
,Not Recommended,410110,24725136,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Goose,"Interesting variation of Hotline Miami with really nice graphics and overall theme.However, the controls are really tedious and often frustrating. Let me give you two examples:1) In order to fire your revolver, you have keep it cocked (hold the right button). Similar for the rifle and so on. Yes, this improves realism, but for a quick & easy gunfight it's a bad thing. If you expect fast shootings as in Hotline Miami, just in the wild west, you won't find them here.2) The knife was a powerful weapon in Hotline Miami. Here, you can't get to the enemies from their front, as their revolver or rifle keeps you at a distance. WTF!?As was mentioned here several times, the gameplay gets really repetetive, even after a very short time. If you liked Hotline Miami, its controls, and its pace, please consider carefully buying this game. I am very disappointed."
76561198165477350,Recommended,410110,19258117,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ZOMBEAR's modern life,reminds me of hotline miami but now its all wild west type100/100
,Recommended,410110,32733807,Posted: 24 June,all,KoenBo,very fun game but it gets hard VERY quick6.5/10
,Not Recommended,410110,20880598,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Niandra Lades,imagine if hotline miami was capped at 30fps
76561198079296964,Recommended,410110,21431415,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,DENzel,"Дааа, за такую игрульку и денег не жалко. Классная, прикольная, дешевая, побольше таких)))"
,Recommended,410110,21437490,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,toyimp,Great action shooter.
,Recommended,410110,21484156,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ezhikov,"Perfect things in this game:Drawings. Not so much in cut-scenes, but all ingame objects are great.Rats.Birds.Music!!!Game bit hardcore, with strong laguage, violence, (black) humor.This is very sad, that you can't use gamepad.PS: I bought new sombrero."
76561198044154059,Recommended,410110,21512428,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,キャリー :3,Sick game :D
,Recommended,410110,21540965,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SilentZero,"Introduction:12 is Better Than 6is a top-down (bird's eye view) wild west-style shooter set in Mexico and Texas in the mid-late 1800's.  Many players make a comparison toHotline Miami, but I haven't played it (yet) so I'm unable comment on that.  What I can do, however, is give you a rundown of the good, the bad and the ugly that I've experienced in this game.TLDR Highlights:++ Music++ Artwork+ Attention to Detail+ Gameplay/Controls- Storyline/Plot- Potential Rage-Inducing Repetitive-ness= Very fun and definitely worth a try, just don't expect it to have a very deep story!Review:PROS: The first thing that comes to mind is, by far, the music.  Non-stop throughout the game I simply could not get over how great the soundtrack was.  It's even possible that I performed one of the best mariachi air guitar solos ever while watching my brother play for a bit, just sayin'.Next up is the artwork and, as a bonus, the attention to detail.  Everything is hand-drawn with pen and paper and the effect is pretty amazing, in my opinion, especially when combined with the sharp contrast of all the bright red blood that is spilled in epic western shoot-em-up mayhem.  Plus, it's the little things, the tiny details added that catch your eye occasionally, that make it all the more special.  I can't tell you how surprised I was when I saw my character spit on the ground (patooie!) for the first time.  I mean, who would think to add that?  Awesome people, that's who.As for the gameplay, while the controls can be a bit tricky initally, the difference in shooting mechanics between shooting a revolver versus a rifle versus a bow and arrow, etc, is actually quite cool and adds to the fun.  Not to mention how very smooth it plays and how fast it reacts makes for a great gaming experience.CONS:  Sadly, the story leaves something to be desired.  Sometimes I didn't even understand what was going on, and by the end I still had more questions than answers.  Maybe this is intentional -- upcoming sequel or prequel?? -- but I kind of doubt it.  It was okay, but I certainly wouldn't have minded more text and/or cutscenes (or even a longer game) if it pulled me deeper into the story and made me feel more invested in what was going on.Finally, I should add that12 is Better Than 6contains a healthy dose of challenging gameplay where bullets are deadly and the enemy rarely misses.  Most of the time this is fantastic and makes the game very enjoyable, but on occasion it can be very frustrating to repeat a level over and over and over because you keep getting killed at every turn.  Some people thrive in moments like this, and others simply do not.  Personally, I don't find this as much of a ""con"", but I watched my brother curse and rage in a couple levels, so I thought I would add it here.OVERALL:12 is Better Than 6might be a bit on the short side and lack a little in the story department, but there's no doubt about it: the game is a whole basket of fun and mayhem!!  I'm quite impressed and definitely recommend it for its entertainment value, just don't expect it to be incredibly deep story-wise."
76561198286141386,Recommended,410110,21846505,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,AwkwardRhombus12,"A cool top-down western with a surpisingly adept story and interesting combat.  Fun, challenging, and very artistic."
,Recommended,410110,22490187,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheSithElite,"Simple fun, quick action game. Didn't get much out of it but it was fun while it lasted. Discount worthy."
,Recommended,410110,24421707,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cartof,The game is nice (made in Gamemaker Studio) and the action is not bad at all. Can get frustrating at times because of the shooting mechanic.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdBLjnmMxv8
76561198108139127,Recommended,410110,26692149,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,✪ Adam,Fun lil indie game
,Recommended,410110,27382723,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zatevay,Ya krytoi paren'!
,Recommended,410110,27622940,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bled,12 is better than six is a quality game that brings a lot of interseting and addictive mecahnics into play. super fun 10/10
,Recommended,410110,28120438,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Banana,Short easy game (atleast it was for me) good gameplay cool graphics good story but disappointing ending
,Recommended,410110,28927976,Posted: 1 January,all,dotzerozerosix,"12 Is Better Than Six. Simple, beautiful, kick♥♥♥♥♥single-action desperado fun with perfectly awful writing (really, I love it) but maybe the worst soundtrack ever. It basically sounds like fifteen seconds of an unreleased Soundgarden song repeated infinitely. I bought a bundle for this game specifically and I'm glad I did. If you're a fan of top-down insta-death trial and error games like Hotline: Miami or Bloodbath Kavkaz check this out. My two complaints are the soundtrack and a lack of a keybind menu, or at the very list a listing of the set keybindings."
,Recommended,410110,21396009,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,sawerin,"This game is so much fun! Makes me smile every time I start it. Nice mood, great and simple idea and badass hero. What else do you need? A must have even if you do not like westerns, for any kind of reason. Very recommended, especially now, for just 1$! This is one of the best ways I spent a dollar on smth. Also, for you, achievement hunters, a real pleasure to play."
,Recommended,410110,21396625,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Tortelett,Pretty fun game. Make sure to get it when it's on sale though.
,Recommended,410110,21411278,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,mcvpn,"best buy you can imagine for 2,49€ in sale."
,Recommended,410110,21492541,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Iron Pig,"12 is Better Than 6 Review:-----------------------------------------------------.Pros:+Amazing gameplay, never gets old shooting wild west baddies. The shooting mechanice works great since you have to count how many guys there are, and how many bullets you have. You have to plan out what you do, before you go in guns blazing.+Pretty catching story. Keeps you in long enough to enjoy the game.+Decent graphics.+Great music, catchy.+Interesting but easy upgrade system, the game only consists of about 6 upgrades..Cons:-While the music is catchy there is only so much of it, and it only gets played so many times. For instance, if you were fighting indians then a specific song for fighting indians would come on. And I also bought the soundtrack so I shouldn't feel like there is not enough music in the game.-I know the style they were aiming for is the ink on paper feel, and in most ways that works perfectly. But personally, it hurts my eyes after playing this game for more than an hour at a time, like would it kill the creators to put some color in it? Adding color would also help me identify who is good or bad, you spend most of your time running around and shooting people, so it would be nice to know who I should shoot and who I shouldn't, so I don't waste that ammo I need.-Minor glitches when it comes to picking up items. Nothing big though.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Conclusion:Besides a few ticks and minor gameplay issues. This game is deffintly a keeper.Action, music, guns, explosions, and a pretty neat story keep this game going. Its like hotline miami in the wild west.Its totally worth 3 bucks on sale.For 10 bucks? Eh...thats up to you.My Score: 8/10"
76561198275779372,Recommended,410110,21512229,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ManusAdFerrum,"Excellent game, good story, amazing art, really nice gameplay.I love using the bow and picking up the arrows i shot, so infinite ammo in some way.A must have piece of art!"
,Recommended,410110,21620012,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,KnightQC,"Good game, a little short (around 3 hours) and not a lot of replay value. If you can get it with a good rebate, worth it.7/10"
,Recommended,410110,21689466,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,waqak,fun
,Recommended,410110,21696437,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Stain The Bed™©,"Overall the game was awesome, funny and just fun to play.But the ending was♥♥♥♥♥♥ LIKE UTTER PANTS and the game was over far too soon :(We need other games like this"
,Recommended,410110,21753622,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,T O N Y,Hotline Juan.
,Recommended,410110,21784979,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Steveus_Bujesus,"Glitchy as ♥♥♥♥ but fun as hell play, it's like hotline miami but a western."
76561198195036314,Recommended,410110,24169667,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Champignon,"Nice game, the blue graphics makes it a bit confusing sometimes.The gamepad play is a quite nice feeling.The music is really nice.Runs well on SteamOS.Only problem, no Steam cloud saves.Well worth the $1.Not worth 10 bucks."
,Recommended,410110,25469473,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,I love Joe Strim and Lithuania,Really good shooting mechanics. Close resemblance to Hotline Miami. Pick it up.
76561198060257700,Recommended,410110,28120236,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Diency,"It's basically western hotline miami but a little different.Guns are a little more complex (You use right click to pull back the hammer on the revolver and then fire while right click is being held down, then must let go of right click and hold it down again to pull the hammer back again, repeat.)While the shooting I just described may sound tedious and confusing, it's pretty easy to get the hang of and it makes combat much more frantic. You always feel halfway inbetween keeping your cool and being in absolute panic, since combat is fast and deadly.In hotline, once I got the hang of combat it was still fun as hell don't get me wrong, but I wasn't really getting that feeling of panic.If you want a semi-short intense top down shooter with interesting gun mechanics and a western theme, this game's totally got you covered!"
,Recommended,410110,28130210,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,K.I.A.,As already mentioned by many. This game is a Hotline Miami in Wild West. Awesome music while blasting trough enemies. Really pumps you up!
76561198189509385,Recommended,410110,28174703,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ekim8car,güzel.
76561198005081258,Recommended,410110,29129477,Posted: 8 January,all,Daniel,"This game is obviously heavily inspired by Hotline Miami, yet with surgical changes to the mechanics the devs created a game that not only different enough to stand on its own right but, by my humble opinion, surpasses the original. I'll repeat, the gun-play in this game is better  than in Hotline Miami. If this is your genre, check it out."
76561198120351234,Recommended,410110,29721505,Posted: 5 February,all,G@y R3tArD,"I never knew I wanted to play mexican hotline miami, but when I did it felt right"
,Recommended,410110,29939734,Posted: 15 February,all,TRISTANfH,"I like the story. I like the stealthy gameplay. I like the non-stealthy gameplay and also the artworks and music.The controller and mouse gameplay feel very different, keep that in mind and pick your weapon of choice."
,Recommended,410110,32653656,Posted: 22 June,all,giv me ur moms credit card numbr,"Basically a slower paced and more tactical version of Hotline Miami, but its good on its own right"
76561198050478688,Recommended,410110,32967516,Posted: 28 June,all,Grichka Bogdanoff,"Great connection of well thought shooting mechanics, hand-drawn graphics and really catchy soundtrack. Some story is included, but this isn't the main aspect of the game. Only downside is it's length - I completed all achievements in 5 hours.If you still have some doubts about buing thisthe soundtrackwill surely help you make the right decision."
76561197969059105,Recommended,410110,21431993,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ldierk,Looks fun but lacks controller suppport.
,Recommended,410110,21542851,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kylenki,"I love the game, but there is currently a large game bug. Basically, the game freezes white or negative colors. Alt-tab out, and there's this ""Out of Memory"" dialouge box that only says OK on it. Press that, and the game process is terminated. Happens about every 10-20 minutes, and sometimes back to back within about 5 minutes. Aside from that, fantasitic fun."
,Recommended,410110,21807436,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,stipriuss,♥♥♥♥♥your revolver!
,Recommended,410110,21815644,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,WTFBERGKASE,"After completing Hotline Miami 1 & 2 I still had a need for violence. This game satisfied it well. This game is in essence anotrher Hotline Miami in all but name and music. The unique selling point here is that you have to make sure weapons are cocked before using them (seeing as this game is set in the wild west) which can be somewhat annoying, but you'll get used to it eventually. The sound strack is great and for the asking price I'd say it's worth it, just don't expect the same amount of polish with the HM series."
76561197982702610,Recommended,410110,22208811,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr Whiskers!,"Run and gun/spray and pray won't work in this game.When I first played this game, I hated it. I wasn't really in the mood for it, got impatient, and thought I could get by running through and shooting my enemies, I got killed, A LOT. I uninstalled it and went onto other games.I came back to it later and like it quite a bit. I discovered being stealthy and using my knife, especially on sleeping folks, makes the game a lot more fun. It's hard, and you don't have a health bar. You get shot, and you'll be done for in most cases. Sometimes you get winged and can continue until you eat another bullet, but don't count on it.The protagonist isn't likeable-no one is. The whole game is birds-eye view and done in simple black and white excluding blood. There is currently no controller support, but I've learned that keyboard/mouse works great anyway. The art style, spaghetti western mood and setting, and gameplay are refreshing.I recommend picking this one up, particularly if you like killing gringos (who doesn't)."
,Recommended,410110,24181735,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,UnwarierSupidAss,"Very fun top down shooter. The story is hard to follow at times but I didnt really play for it. Getting ammo is confusing at first(you pick up the enemies gun after you kill him, hold R and then pick up your gun). Unforgiving gameplay. I reccomend playing it in short bursts. It has amazing hand drawn graphics and solid gunplay. Definately pick this up, I bought 12 is better than 6 on sale but it is still worth full price."
76561198211764197,Recommended,410110,24238481,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bin Laden,Great game but you must buy it on sale like now.The reloading mechanic is a great edition to the game.It adds so much dept to the gameplay when you get the hang of it.It was going to be nice if there were more weapons like more types of revolvers and it was going to be awsome if the lenght of the game was longer.Also  can someone tell me how to throw TNT.
,Recommended,410110,24374298,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Genda1ph,"This is an extremely simple game: you see someone, you shoot him. If you're not fast enough, you're shot to death.And yet this game brings its simplicityto the limit, making it comple amd enjoyable: you have to♥♥♥♥♥♥your relover. You have to reload every single bullet. You have to wach out for ammo. You have to plan out your shootouts. You have to watch out for patrols. You have to think before gutting someone with your knife.Moreover, this game has an actual story! Yes, it's cliche, but it gives you the reason to shoot almost anything that moves.Although, controls are frustrating at times, I really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,410110,25426456,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,LARGE FARVA,"Great top down action, great graphics, great controls, great game!Def worth the $5 I paid for it, once I play through we'll see if its worth the $20 tag."
,Recommended,410110,26610201,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sir Fabulous,"overview12 is better than 6 is a special game, it looks nice, plays nice and theres some humour.storydont know much of the story aside from you are an unknown Mexican simply named ""Mexican"" until halfway through the game who shoots stuff. im sorry this part is lacking, i didnt really enjoy reading everything.gameplaythe gameplay is basically a slower Hotline Miami. the reason i say this is, the only guns you have are rifles, shotguns and revolvers but you have to press mouse 2 to aim and fire which doesnt allow much running and gunning. the revolver makes you hold, the rifle you can just press it and thats it, the shotgun you can just shoot and the bow and arrow is like the revolver but you have to charge it.The Mexican is pretty slow i think but there is a combo system that doesnt do much aside from some quotes like ""holy trinity of dead men"" and theres lots of perks you can buy like rat bombs and so on.graphicsthe graphics are great, its hand drawn which is pretty original. the only colours you will see is red from blood. you can tell different enemies by hats and thats pretty clever.musicthe music feels like its from a western film but some tracks feel more modern but still maintain the western feelachievementsthe achievements are mainly progress based, complete chapter 1, kill x amount of enemies with a weapon, kill 100 animals. some are more optional like the 10 repetitive tasks and some are just for searching for the multiple hatsoverall, they arnt that bad, under 5 hours i nearly have them all and i wasnt even trying so i think anyone can easily get themthe pros-though i said basically nothing about the story, halfway through it gets interesting-gameplay isnt that bad, its slow and makes you think about a next move-the graphics are nice and the idea of only knownig the difference between you and the many enemies is your hat-the idea button hold/press with certain weapons is actually pretty interesting because if you have to take down 3 guys you have to be quick.-the music isnt generic western film/game music, its orginal and sounds greatthe cons-the story isnt that interesting for the first half-sometimes the enemies can see you through a slightly open door which baffles me-where enemies can stand to be killed or kill you is really weird, hard to explain but you can be against a wall and they wouldnt even have to go around. this could be because of hats.-the hats can be confusing at times like i said in the last point-some parts of the game take you into the middle of nowhere and theres lots of plantlife so seeing enemies is harder than it should beconclusionthough i have more cons, i still think this game is really well done and original. its not super hard but it can be annoying. everything comes together nicely.i would give this game a 7/10"
76561198024627980,Recommended,410110,26926900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,psycosis,Truly awesome game
,Recommended,410110,27320723,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Facho,"Awesome game, 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my gun againIf you liked hotline miami and you thought you were a decent gunslinger just because you play mccree then get you're gonna love this."
,Recommended,410110,27566597,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Joshko,"Similar to Hotline Miami, with cool story and unique design. Fits really good in wild west era and I like that each weapon is handled a bit differently. Only issue I had is that you can't pick up bullets from dead enemies."
,Recommended,410110,28293449,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,爱阔少,"It looks like Hotline Miami in the trailer, but doesn't really plays like that game.- Seems like enemies reacts quicker in this game. Try to attack a guard from front and I get a 50% chance of getting killed first.- Not simply Click to Shoot. Every weapon has its own control, and you have to get used to it. For example your first weapon revolver: hold RMB to♥♥♥♥♥♥the hammer, and LMB to shoot, release RMB for the next shot. Very immersive after you get the hang of it.- More stealth elements. Kill some one and run as fast as you can, enemies will lose you, giving you a chance to sneak attack again.- One minor issue: you can see in the screenshots that everybody in this game is just a HAT because of the top-down view. While I like this artstyle, sometimes it's hard to tell which direction an enemy is facing just from the hat. And in some maps with a lot of bushes and rocks, I find myself hard to distinguish these HATs with environment(rocks, cactuses) at a first glance.Overall a good experience if you enjoy Hotline Miami and top-down shooters. Just don't give up before you get used to the quirky control."
,Recommended,410110,28981472,Posted: 3 January,all,Aegon,"A mexican stand off, its stands off with the art, wild west brawling and shooting, stands down in ""plot"" and seriousness. A revolver and a hat, is all you need in this game, it tests out your quick reactions and it brings to life the quickeness and boldness of whe wild west gun duels. Gun yourself into this game if you are looking for an action game!"
,Recommended,410110,29054273,Posted: 6 January,all,thesunscreen,"Excellent game with a fairly high difficulty-setting, as well as not telling you all tips and tricks - you'll have to figure them out yourself.A few repetetive scenarios the dev. could get away with randomizing a bit, but it's not too much or too frequent.As well as the money earned, offers very little to spend on so that game-mechanic is underutilized.When reloading, if you hold down reload-button, the game seemingly offers you the chance to pre-load another magazine on some weapons. But this does not seem to function the way I thought, perhaps someone could explain?Storywise its a tough badass meeting a lot of other badasses, so mainly skipable but you have to click through the dialoge.I've had only a few crashes, a few freezes when loading new levels/transitioning into being flanked while travelling, so fairly stable.Its a fun game, its not easy and you will have to make use of some quick-draw skills and well-aimed archery!"
76561198077641140,Recommended,410110,29124540,Posted: 8 January,all,G3,"A step down from Hotline Miami. However that being said it still may be worth your time and money if you've finished both Hotline Miamis and want more. The gameplay is a bit toned down and the storyline is all over the place, jumping between goals at an instant. I would recommend this game when on sale, but not at full price."
76561197971795602,Not Recommended,410110,29125319,Posted: 8 January,all,CrazyGoblin,"You know what Hotline Miami really needed? A turret section. Specifically, a turret section where a random number of the enemies would glitch out and not actually approach the turret, so you'd have to leave your spot and venture out into the blank not-intended-for-play wilderness to try and find them.If Hotline Miami had thought of something like that, it might've been truly great... Almost as great as this game.12 may be better than 6, but it's not better than a lot of other games out there. The story might have been interesting, but it's riddled with poor translations (""I must recharge my revolver""), along with an absolutely schizophrenic route through the various places and plot elements, and sprinkled with hilarious amounts of racism. I honestly can't tell if the devs put it in as ""period accuracy"", a plot element, or just because they don't know how else Mexicans are supposed to act.  Or gringos, for that matter.The trailer boasts ""skills!"", as though there's some matter of choice in how you develop your character. This isn't strictly a lie, however the choice in this case is simplified into ""yes"" or ""no"". ""Yes, I will purchase this one upgrade that is available at this place and time in the story"", or ""No, I will not purchase this upgrade because I am allergic to upgrades"". At various stations in the story, you'll find yourself in some town-like area where you will find a person offering a specific perk upgrade for an amount of cash you almost certainly have managed to scrounge up by that time, and a fellow offering a randomized replayable mini-mission you can keep running in order to grind up the cash to purchase the upgrade; if you happen to be a bit skint for some obscure reason.There doesn't appear to be anything else in the game that you can use money on, so... Yeah. Might as well by the upgrades. Also, you can't go back to a town at will, you can only visit each location as fits the storyline, plus random encounters while you're moving from set piece to set piece. As such, if you *don't* buy the upgrade, you will never be able to change your mind and go back to get it... Heck, I don't even know if the next part of the story opens up until you've purchased the upgrade, I didn't test it out.So with that rambling out of the way, what's the actual gameplay like? Well... It's a bit... Eh?  Sure, it's always nice when you manage to gun down a bunch of gringos, but the weapons are honestly a bit of a pain to use, and in a few places you can just sit behind a corner and rapidly stab every idiot that comes running around to see what all the fuss is about, thus avoiding all of the game's gunplay entirely.In an effort of making things more ""interesting"", the guns need to be cocked while firing. For a revolver, this means you need to hold the right mouse button before every shot. For the rifle, you need to tap it once after every shot. This means the revolver, which is supposed to be your ""fast-acting"" gun, is an absolute turkish duck when you're trying to fumble between the mouse buttons, since you need to release and then re-hold the right mouse button for each bullet...Now then, reload mechanics... You'd probably expect something this ""realistic"" to have an in-depth reloading system, right? Well, that's probably what the intention was... However, in practice, you just mash ""R"" repeatedly until the gun is in perfect condition again. There doesn't seem to be any kind of ""down time"" when reloading, and you can easily shoot down more enemies while you're in the process of jamming bullets into the gun.Speaking of weapons, there are five of them. The knife, which you always have with you, a revolver, a repeater rifle, a shotgun, and a bow. That's it. Those are your options. Luckily, there's a quick and easy method of stockpiling ammo for the one gun or the other, so you don't have to keep swapping out all the time during combat. All you have to do is hold ""R"" to pull all the rounds out of your held weapon and put them in your pocket. If the new number of carried rounds exceeds the number of bullets you can keep in your pocket, the excess bullets will be consumed by the eternal darkness hidden within mens' souls... That, or they just disappear because the game didn't think to leave any in the gun.Once you've done that, you can move over to an enemy's gun and then swap yours with it to see if they had more ammunition chambered than you did on your last one. Rinse and repeat, and you've got full ammo for the gun of your choice! Hurray!Oh, right, I almost forgot Dynamite... You can pick up stacks of dynamite which you may then throw at enemies taking out entire groups of them at a time.  This is balanced by the fact that the game will randomly delete the number of dynamite bundles you're currenly holding, and/or just prevent you from actually activating the ""throw dynamite"" key. Maybe you've had a bit too much tequila and you just can't remember where in your poncho you hid the explosives.Individual levels are about 50% too big to show all of it on-screen at once (exploration!), but they tend to be strung together in somewhat janky assemblies that go on for 2-3 of them at least... So there's that.Also, the music is a bit... Bizarre. There seem to be two, maybe three tracks, and they vary between ""pumping electric guitars and drums"" and ""pumping electric guitars and drums, plus something inspired by native American chanting"". I suppose that's close enough to a traditional Western soundtrack for a contemporary game like this.Sadly, I wasn't particularly inspired to keep playing beyond the 111 minutes I put into it. Sure, I purchased the game at a significant discount to its already quite reasonably price, but... Yeah. Still want my money back.Even having the game glitch out halfway through and give me infinite revolver ammo wasn't enough to keep me going long enough to learn the true story of The Nameless Mexican, who ends up getting several names as the game progresses.Final review: 12/6, would not recommend unless you really, really hate gringos."
76561198212963616,Recommended,410110,30517494,Posted: 14 March,all,thebiz.movies,Very cool game.  Visually enticing and fun shooter gameplay.  Impressed this was created in GameMakerStudio.  I scored this on sale and it was well worth it.
76561198063794048,Recommended,410110,30579384,Posted: 17 March,all,cammando205,An excellent game all around and an example of how epic 2D Top Down Shooters can be.
76561198144013876,Recommended,410110,33039205,Posted: 30 June,all,Matso,10/10
76561198261675137,Recommended,410110,20784835,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,zlatan0slagbar,"Beautiful game! For only 10e this game is a real achievement, its drawings are totally gorgeous, and what about the soundtrack ... an utter pleasure. There is also a real difficulty which can sometimes be annoying. I really advise u to try it despite the numerous translation mistakes"
,Recommended,410110,21433761,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Using the right mouse as the lever for your rifle and hold it to♥♥♥♥♥♥the pistol( love the shooting mechanics)Hotline Miami style gameplayThe way to reload and pickup ammo is cool( you reload each bullet per button press; gets tense when you have to reload mid fight)What You Need to Know:Picking up ammo is done by picking up the dead guys gun and empty it to collect the bullets, neat idea.Story is bland and can skip all the dialogue( which there is alot)You get money to get perks with them all being good and usefulLots of levels start looking the same( some of the levels are actually the same used over and over)Get this game if you want more Hotline Miami style gameplay with some cool shooting mechanicsMy Score:BPaid: $2.50Completed in: 4 hoursGames similar:Hotline Miami( still the best)Call of Juarez Gunslinger"
,Recommended,410110,22658596,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,dhoubrechts,"Very nice game.  Works perfect nice simple but great design, gameplay and music. Played with keyboard and mouse, it takes a little time to get used to the♥♥♥♥♥♥en shoot system. It took me about 10 hours to end the game. The achievements are possible without playing to extremes so I would encourage other deveopers do to the same."
76561198103709166,Recommended,410110,28145435,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,carnelianmoonstone,"This game is very good, especially for £6.99 because this game is very good. It has a unique art style with  a control scheme reminiscant to Hotline Miami but is very, very different. It's very fast. You really have to think properly about what you are going to do. The game is strategic. The violence is very extreme but will not scare the squeemish. The controls are excellent and the game is very realistic with its speed and guns. It also has an amazing soundtrack that is worth buying on its own. Atmospheric experience for a great price!"
,Recommended,410110,32435730,Posted: 15 June,all,Broken,Brilliant
,Recommended,410110,33071660,Posted: 1 July,all,Fox,"I bought this game looking for something like the Hotline Miami games that I absolutely loved, but with 12 is better than 6 I got something different, which isn't a bad thing. The play style was similar to HM however the art and storyline made it feel like a completely seperate genre. It's a great old-style western revenge story that I grew to love. My favorite parts about the game were :+The shooting mechanics which helped to prevent misfires.+The AI having wicked fast reaction speed and movement to make the game more challenging.+The settings were very well drawn and heavily varied.+♥♥♥♥ing bomb rats.+And of course, the BLOODSHED.+Fun to get achievments that are somewhat challenging to get.+Great soundtrack, but it can get a bit repetative at times.Now with every game, this one had quite a few flaws and slight bugs that I couldn't help but notice.-Very little variety in weapons with only three hand held guns, a bow, and 3 melee weapons other than your knife.-Enemies can't see through windows but they can see perfectly fine through doors and will often shoot you through them?-As a person who uses heavy language and swearing quite often, even the dialogue was a bit over the top for me. I understand that the main character is supposed to be a badass Mexican but I feel like he could go one conversation without saying dropping an F bomb or calling people names(In Spanish of course)-You can randomly get stuck on boxs or walls forcing you to restart the entire level.-The bow is the strongest weapon in the entire game. It's completely silent, had no reloading time, and holds a ton of ammo. This is problematic because the ammo is completely reusable and you can take out tons of enemies from a distance without a problem.-The only problem with the bow is that you can't shoot it when you're standing next to a wall?With this information, even though there is an overwhelming amount of cons compared to pros in my opinion, I would still reccomend you play it, especially since it's currently on sale. Even if you're just searching for easy acheivements you might as well get a decent story and gameplay along with it."
76561197991759684,Recommended,410110,21047237,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,D Enhanced,"I purchased this game purely for the soundtrack, boy was I not disappointed.This is one of those charming little games you will always remember with a little smile.I cannot say enough about the wonderful audio this game presents. Every track fits perfectly within the theme, and it's just a real treat for the ears.Absolutely worth a regular fast food meal's value."
,Recommended,410110,21453799,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Wacky Zingoz,Shut up Gringo.
76561198110473037,Recommended,410110,24363383,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Aralex,"Great gameplay, simple and elegant, love the drawing style, a bit challenging but gets fun in the advanced stages. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,410110,31735117,Posted: 13 May,all,Grizzly Coward,"It's like Hotline Miami, except it's a western game (you know, cowboys, dynamite, lever-action guns; that kind of stuff) and it's hand drawn."
,Recommended,410110,33005001,Posted: 29 June,all,Props,Not the most polished game but it is very fun and has a great aesthetic
,Recommended,410110,34334089,Posted: 18 August,all,WhaT@FrA,"This game is a top down view adventure set in the far west in which you'll have to follow the story of Jesus, trying to find out why everyone wants him dead. In order to do that, you'll be going through the levels by basically shooting everything that moves. Of course, be ready to die a lot.There are 4 available weapons, each with a slightly different shooting mechanic, some perks that you can aquire to make things a little bit easier and also a nice set of collectibles.In my opinion, the setting is very well done, the drawing-like art style (where everything is either white or covered in blood) is superb, the soundtrack is nice and fitting. I think the story is a bit secondary in this game but I found it enjoyable anyway.The only thing that bothered me a little is that ammo is not very common to find and in some levels you will use A LOT of bullets so, at some point, you might end up picking up half empty enemy guns, just to have something to shoot with.To sum up, I definitely recommend this game, it's cheap, it's good and very entertaining. Especially if you're looking for something to waste time (but you still want to waste it in a decent way) and/or you like the western theme, you should totally try this out.Sidenote: In case you guys are planning to make a sequel, PLEASE no more shovel levels!!!"
76561198165424599,Recommended,410110,20872971,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,raducu83,"Hi , after last update I get alot of out of memory crashes"
,Recommended,410110,20364403,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tunakka,Western version of Hotline Miami with different graphics and good gameplay.
,Recommended,410110,24835702,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,シセル Shiseru,"[Buy on Sale] This top-down Western Themed shooter is by no means as good as Hotline Miami, but it's still pretty decent in terms of fast-paced gameplay and music but the game lacks in content. The story isn't very interresting, but it's quite rarely important in a Western. I would recommend it at 50% of its price."
,Recommended,410110,22777105,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Zwiebxl,This is a great hotline miami like top down shooter
,Recommended,410110,22927475,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,"Please forgive me, Dr.Volga!","a fast paced shooter, the music is great."
76561198064184650,Recommended,410110,28883820,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,3D G0D,Wild west meets hotline miami. 6.5-7/10
,Recommended,410110,29216224,Posted: 12 January,all,Clairvoyant,"First off, this game would have been a hell of a lot easier if Trump wasn't elected. My mexican amigo wouldn't have had it so hard.This game caught my attention because of the lack of color and I thougt it wouldn't be any good, but it exceeded my expectations. It's a fun game to play through for a few hours and earn all the achievements10/10 would hop the border again"
76561198278438189,Recommended,410110,28895607,Posted: 1 January,all,Gang,"It's a fun game, beat it in a few hours"
,Recommended,410110,29529708,Posted: 27 January,all,yohansbeanprout07,"If you are ""Clint Eastwood"" fan then you must go for it.Pros: It has no cons.Has the best cowboy music.Cons: It has no cons."
76561198054223072,Recommended,410110,32978145,Posted: 29 June,all,Gumgum,Doing this for the free stickers
,Recommended,410110,29025778,Posted: 4 January,all,Artyom Havok,great art style. fun gameplay. jammin western tunes. pretty good post release controller support
,Recommended,410110,32388059,Posted: 13 June,all,[hswak] Sebb7y,Good:-Unique gameplay that's worth a try-Cool artstyleBad:-Difficult (especially with many enemies at once) and gets boring after a while-FramerateConclusion:-Pick it up on a sale if it looks like the kind of game you would enjoy-I wouldn't pay full price
,Recommended,410110,22806808,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,OP3NGL,- Sometimes buggy- still no controller support [has been fixed]- At times unforgiving and unfair...- Language settings not saved & screen sliding not saved every damn time- Reload mechanics are cumbersome- worthy for discounted price
76561197983439201,Recommended,410110,23788904,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Glimp's PUBg,"Played only Act1 and a few rounds Arena so far and i can tell i will love this game.It has the same nice and fluent gameplay as Hotline Miami while it can be quiet challenging, too.Love the fact that you have to c-ock the guns in order to shoot, so you cant spray and pray that much like in Miami.Way better than this crappy bloothbath kayak or however it is called again which was just horrendous.Edit:I finished the game just now and i would say one needs about 4 hours to end our heros story.While on journey you encounter enemies rather frequently which can be annoying. Unfortunately these level repeat themselves rather fast which is the only con. Still good invested money if you ask me. The Purgatorium is okay, since its very simmilar to the arena mode.If you still want to c-ock your revolver you dont want to get the ""12 is better than 6 upgrade"" which obviously allows you to dualwield them. I kinda miss it not to do it anyome.The devs seem to care about the game with free content updates and fixes. Props for that!"
,Recommended,410110,23338409,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Professional Dank Meme Snorter,"This game feels extremely clunky at times,but I really like it. The story is rich with narrative. But if you're looking for story depth,as in Hotline miami,you won't find it here. However,it is similar to Hotline Miami in other aspects,except there's less blood (Not that I have a problem with that)."
76561197964482259,Not Recommended,410110,24904020,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ginocide,"I bought this game because it seemed like a budget spaghetti-western knockoff of Hotline Miami and I'll be damned if that's not what I got.  While they gameplay was decently emulated the quality suffered in writing and controls.  Identical to Hotline Miami you can hit shift to extend your view away from your character and this is something that is effectively required in many parts of the game to hit distant targets trying to hit you, unfortunately in this game if you look sufficiently far away from your character they cease moving leaving you a sitting duck.  The writing is short and relies alot on it's offensiveness and ""tough guy"" edginess that goes beyond what you might see in a western, frankly it is bad.  The reoloading and hammer cocking is nice touch, but ammo pickups and hammer cocking sometimes seems unresponsive and unintuitive.  While the visuals are stylistic, the lack of color sometimes feels as though it wasn't so much a style decision as it was that they ran out of money or something, which is to say that the lack of coloring or shading holds the visuals back, even within a niche style.  Last but not least, with the problems in controls and visuals, it's just not that fun to play.  Whereas the AI in Hotline Miami feels intelligent and aggressive this AI just feels aggressive, albeit with better aim.  All in all the game felt like tedium when trying to progress and so I doubt I will play it through to completion."
76561198013203874,Recommended,410110,25229607,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lamorah,"Got it from sale, 4-5 hours of fast gameplay. Time and money well spent for a quick action western."
,Recommended,410110,19400656,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,john ッ,"Really fun, fast paced game. If you are a fan of Hotline Miami, you'll be a fan of this game, you gringo."
,Recommended,410110,22843901,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ronkarr,"amazing visual style, love it!"
,Recommended,410110,20488021,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ - csgopositive.com,Amazing game!
,Recommended,410110,28701880,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ForceMagic,"Fun game, cool graphic, the style is slick and the music are really good. Although, the story fall a bit short IMO, but for 3$ in sale I can only recommend!"
,Recommended,410110,20942243,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Garabato,Nothing beats the old fashioned murders of a Mexican in the Wild Wild West.(If you like/love Hotline Miami then this is the game for you)
,Recommended,410110,23541902,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Clara,"12 is Better Than 6 is a hand-drawn Western Hotline Miami with tricky but satisfying firing mechanics. Strong language warning in some spots, but kind of relevant to the setting. A bit short, but fast-paced and fun."
76561198012965925,Recommended,410110,23893357,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GyroGnome,"Good game, decent story and gameplay.Expect not to have all your questions answered by the end."
76561198140442560,Not Recommended,410110,33573016,Posted: 15 July,all,IAmThePonch,"This is one of the few games I've ever reviewed without finishing, but honestly, I feel that I've seen enough to not recommend it.You play as a Mexican outlaw who has no memory of why people are after him, yet he still wantonly murders a whole bunch of people. The story is told out of order and is quite frankly, all over the place, and for every thing it does right, it does something else wrong.Take, for instance, the art style. It's gorgeous hand drawn pencil art that feels very Western. The monochromatic style makes all the blood you spill really stand out. If it was based entirely on how pretty it is to look at, it would be an absolute recommendation. But the thing is the art style makes enemies blend in to the environments. It's presented top down style, and every single enemy in the game wears a hat. It makes it very difficut to tell what's an enemy and what's not, meaning an enemy can very easily take you by surprise.In another game, that may not necessarilly be a problem, but this game tries to imitate Hotline Miami. And you know what? Good for it. Hotline Miami is truly great. This game, though, fails to understand what made HM work. An enemy getting the jump on you means certain death because you die in one hit from just about everything. So do enemies, which mean precision shots are the name of the game. The thing is that this game has old weaponry, and you must manually♥♥♥♥♥♥your gun every time you fire. It requires a very deliberate approach versus HM, where you rush in and improvise. And another interesting wrinkle is that stealth is viable, as you can sneak up on enemies who are sleeping or have their backs turned to you and kill them silently, unlike in HM where ai is immiedately tuned in to your location. But it's very tough to figure out which way people are facing half the time.It's constantly at odds with itself in just about every way. It wants you to throw caution to the wind, but the fact you need to manually♥♥♥♥♥♥your gun each time means you need to be very deliberate and choose your shots. It tries to have a surreal, strange story told in a fractured way like HM, but instead the story is underwritten, confusing as all hell, and contradicts itself. The point I stopped at was at an Indian camp. They said the Mexican needs to fight their warriors for story reasons and he says he doesn't just kill people for no reason even though on the way to the camp you kill a group of Indians for no real reason at all. Not one I could see, at least.On top of all that, the game is buggy. Frame rate issues are very common (I only have a laptop but I've played more technically demanding games on it with nary a hitch). Hit detection feels inconsistent (the level I stopped on, I was peaking in and out of cover and kept on trying to hit a guy close to me, but it got caught on an invisible hit box for the box I was behind). And the game explains things very poorly, as well. Reloading your gun and getting more bullets in reserve is a pointlessly tedious task, one I had to consult a message board for. You can apparently purchase perks, but I guess only at predetermined sections?? There was no explanation for it, I was suddenly in an area where I could buy a perk that doubled my bullets but none of the other ones that are available. There are side missions you can take on, but also only at predetermined times, which means if you want to make extra money you have to do a bunch of side missions at once. I stumbled across something I think was a side quest (?) where I hd to defend a barbershop from bandits for seemingly no reason.In other words, this game is an absolute mess. I really wanted to enjoy it. I LOVE Hotline Miami and it's clear the developers do too, but the thing is that the devs took a bunch of elements of HM without any understanding of what makes those work and the end result is a game that is simply all over the place. At the end of the day, though, I'm going to have to go with a no on this one. There are simply too many flaws to ignore and I felt absolutely no desire to push ahead because the story was a total cluster♥♥♥♥ (in a bad way), and the gameplay wasn't compelling or well executed enough for me to want to see what lay ahead."
,Recommended,410110,31428993,Posted: 28 April,all,Azamat Bagatov,"Hotline Miami in the Wild West what's not to like ?I really like the art work, very minimalistic compared to the LSD induced world of H.M.“I know what you’re thinking. “Did he fire six shots or only five?” Well, to tell you the truth, in all this excitement I kind of lost track myself. But being as this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the world, and would blow your head clean off, you’ve got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk? ”12 out 6 would use Clint Eastwood quotes again"
,Recommended,410110,21664156,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Rarky,🌞🕛🌞🕛🌞🕛🌞🕛high noon hIGh no౦n🔫🌞 it's hIiigh nooN🔫🔫 right there🌞🌞 if I d0🕛🔫ƽSAү so my self 🔫 🌞thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: step ʳᶦrigʰtᵗ up) mMMMMᎷМ🌞 🌞🕛НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒwdy 🌞🌞🌞🌞🕛🔫 🌞 🌞 🌞 🔫🔫 High noon
76561198110226900,Recommended,410110,21054603,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Spol,You're a mexican and you shoot people... it's just awesome
,Recommended,410110,22971973,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,4qwee,Awesome game!
,Recommended,410110,24332731,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,kamzukowski,"Ola Gringos! Welcome to the WILD West. Better watch out for your pockets and your back, cause Jorge is here! $#%!I was flabbergasted with this title. Firstly I thought it's gonna be another simple and short dumb shooting game without any idea for the story. Damn I was wrong. I was positively surprised.12 is Better Than 6 is very similar to Hotline Miami serie, but placed in another time (19th century) and place (Wild West).PROS:+ WILD West theme :)+ short gameplay+ simplicity+ difficulty level+ developed with the help of kickstarter (quite an achievement)+ Steam Greenlight's choice+ idea of game's graphics (top-down display and hand-drawn grey layout)+ pricing+ Steam trading cards+ game's dynamic+ unstressful kill-everyone shooter+ story of the main character+ a lot of blood and cruelty level for older amigos :)CONS:- not to well solved shoot mechanics of pistol- notwithstanding Hotline Miami is far more better and addictingRating: 7/10"
,Recommended,410110,26444409,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Shagarat,"Don't know why, but it is ♥♥♥♥♥en awesome!"
76561198039394097,Not Recommended,410110,20021371,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nitro,"A russian made game with terrible translations, a hefty amount of stereotyping and racism, and a decent serving of gameplay that tries, and fails, to imitate hotline miami. With gun mechanics that take forever to even get the basics of, a poor tutorial, and being so zoomed in that you can see the equivalent of one hotline miami room onscreen at a time, you will find ALOT of frustration with this game, i get the feeling ALOT of the good reviews were ""Fakes"" as they showed up minutes after the game appeared on store."
,Recommended,410110,22332641,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,killbot gamma,"Good, but very buggy. trying to enter the menu in certain levels crashes the game."
,Recommended,410110,24249328,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,QickGuard,Good game
76561198096073112,Recommended,410110,25413979,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SoboScartz,Buy this game if you wonna stay alive gringo.
,Recommended,410110,26566804,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Midnight Animal,Like Hotline Miami with cowboys and harder.
,Recommended,410110,26722666,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Showdonn,The math doesn't lie.
,Recommended,410110,27327152,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magie,A hidden gem.
76561198095886028,Recommended,410110,28428191,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Schubi Dubi,Great story - but so shortGreat graphicGreat gameplay
,Recommended,410110,28568661,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Roblox boi,its about a maxcian dude who kills people.idk more about the story because I dont care.its just a good game for the money.
76561198057321625,Recommended,410110,28597534,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mrmuk,"Wanted to give it a negative review first. The game is quite unpolished with several glitches and bugs and also feels 'incomplete' at many points. The story is horrible and the ending quite unsatisfying.Still, I'm recommending this game because the gameplay was quite fun. Got as great as Hotline Miami, but similar, and the combination of shoot, load and reload gives an unique and fun experience to the game. The soundtrack was also pretty great, which further enhanced the fun.Well, get it during sales."
,Recommended,410110,29197341,Posted: 11 January,all,Vualire,if u like hotline miami u will like this
76561198103839440,Not Recommended,410110,29582496,Posted: 30 January,all,Skullbro,"This game had bad dialogue, no way to pick up ammo, just the guns or empty out your own then reload it. there're only 4 guns in the game plus a bow and arrows. the melee weapons are meaningless as there's no damage threshold. it's either you're alive or dead. that's it. one shot or stab and you're dead. same for the enemies, unless they're animals.with the game being white with black i was hoping the blood being red would see a lot of fun and effective use like someone bleeding out or a river of blood as i have seen with other games before but they hardly touched up on the idea. it really coulda made this game special. the story is nothing interesting. you're a mexican that kills 'gringos' because he killed some gringos before and needs to clear his name by killing more gringos. that's about it. oh and he lost his memory. fun.the name of the game comes from a perk (one of 5) which you buy from a merchant. the first time you even see the merchant is about half way through the game. if you miss buying a perk the first time you see him sell it and continue the game thinking you'll rack up enough cash to get it and go back later... well too bad, he doesn't come back and sell the same perk. and the specific name of the game perk is the second to last one he sells near the end of the game with a hidden mechainic for the game (dual wielding) which can only be done with the revolvers and isn't that great to begin with.oh and the perk guy is the only merchant too. you have a knife and 1 gun (or bow) of your choise and dynamite. the gun you finish the last level carries over to the next level. meaning if you finished the last level with only 2 bullets in the gun you're holding and barely got through the last level because of the lack of ammo piles in the game then you'll have to carry on through the rest of the game with it untill you can pick up another off a dead guy. good luck getting through 8 guys with guns coming from all corners when you've got 2 bullets left."
,Recommended,410110,32873657,Posted: 27 June,all,m44x1m,Noice!
,Recommended,410110,22771420,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Aethez,dis da biggest western i seen
,Recommended,410110,22865125,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Alexander,"If Cummings played this, he would saybreak onetwothreefourfive pigeonsjustlikethat-------------------------------------------------------------------- JesusBA-ANG I WAS A HANDSOME MAN"
,Recommended,410110,23825150,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,shapes345,"seems very simple at first, but quickly becomes very fun once you get used to the incredibly fast gunplay. also ive always been a fan of the ""no color except for blood"" art style"
,Not Recommended,410110,28744167,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GUN-Gormez,"NOT a spiritual successor to the Hotline Miami franchise.This game is quite unique in play style, but lacks objective.It is not a fast-paced top-down shooter, but rather a slow, somewhat story driven, colorless adventure with a revolver theme.If you are into noir, art-house, fast pace and retro 8-bit, this game is definitely not for you."
76561198071663943,Recommended,410110,29174859,Posted: 10 January,all,Thiago Rangel,Really great game.
,Recommended,410110,33138912,Posted: 2 July,all,Vinny,amazing handrawn game
76561198042757315,Recommended,410110,34066036,Posted: 6 August,all,SamuraiCupcake,"So take Hotline Miami,Take out all the color. All of it.Great, now you can't make out any of the important things. Enemies blend in. Great.Ok, now make it a western. Clunky♥♥♥♥♥weapons with clunky controls. Awesome.Now, a story. You're a badass mexican guy that shoots everyone. Epic.So HM had hard levels... lets make it harder. And remove the door bashing mechanic.Stealth?! Really?! Fine... here's a little knife. Now here's a crowd you gotta kill. GOOD LUCK! (here's some dynamite)As for the music... let's stick to 2-3 tunes for all the levels. That's plenty.For what its worth, I had a good time. But it got way too repetitive and hard as balls too quickly. It was an exercice in frustration, but without the pumping kickass soundtrack and pleasing visuals.However, the weapon reloading mechanic, while clunky and frustrating, was novel and realistic. And the action is pretty intense!I would say get it on sale. I played an hour and a half and I don't regret my purchase, despite its flaws."
76561198034396876,Not Recommended,410110,34616858,Posted: 30 August,all,Blue,"This game, as a concept, looks good. But it's immediately revealed to be a bug riddled mess. Launch issues, blackscreen issues, and certain weapons having broken reloads all immediately spoiled my experience. When the dialogue was revealed to be hamfisted and cringe-worthy, I had to bail.What's there looks really promising (which is why I bought it), but the barriers to entry are too painful for it to be worth it, in my opinion."
,Recommended,410110,22231077,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,adjoiningchimp6,Intresting game with intresting controls and story line
76561198214936888,Recommended,410110,24163377,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Don Juan,this game may be pretty short depends on your skill it is worth the $1
76561198119479511,Recommended,410110,25484257,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ArsenicKv2,great
,Recommended,410110,30238665,Posted: 28 February,all,donzw♡,♥♥♥♥♥♥ godlike
,Recommended,410110,19323253,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,✔,"Bugged and repeatable as ♥♥♥♥, but worth buying if you're a HM fan."
,Recommended,410110,24050415,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tay,Meh. Unique style but the gameplay becomes repetitive quite early on.
76561198081450332,Not Recommended,410110,34754901,Posted: 5 September,all,Iso Koala,"Too much of a Hotline Miami clone, with too little own ideas. Music is good, but otherwise the game is rather unmemorable.Not fan of the black&white graphic style either; the story is more of a spaghetti western than classic B&W western of John Ford. But Spaghetti Westerns were very colourful, not bland like this. Due everything being B&W, the enemies are also often very hard to spot from the scenery, which will kill you countless times.First the game felt fun, but while each and every stage in Hotline Miami has its own characteristics and is tied to the story in some way, in this game you feel that you are playing the same stage over and over and over again. It gets really repetitive, really fast.  While contantly dying in Hotline Miami gets your adrenaline pumping and addicted you to it, here it only annoys you after a while, since never you get the same feeling of a ""reward"" as you get when completing a hard stage in HM. You just move into another identical stage and continue shooting baddies."
76561198021195207,Recommended,410110,19230167,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Pc Toby,"Do you like western?Do you like shooting people?Do you like great blood effects?AND DO YOU LIKE ALL THESE THINGS WHILE SOME SWEET MUSIC IS PLAYING?!Then you will love this game.So far I will give it 9/10 (I would wish the game voices so I didn't have to try ""voice acting"" when I record... xD)"
76561198043495262,Recommended,410110,23889414,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Red Pyro,Your enemies are just as strong as you are . You can one shot them and they they can one shot you . İt's a nice and short experience . The only problem for me was the power ups which you could buy with in game money. They made the game much easier which took the fun out of it .
,Recommended,410110,28576196,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,.koval,"Art looks great!But gameplay itself is far from Hotline Miami :)Worth to buy it on sale, if you like such kind of games."
76561198196172082,Recommended,410110,28491275,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,✪Barbulinho,Hotline Miami western versioneAt the final of the game i got fatal error.(Nice way to close the game)
,Not Recommended,410110,20015947,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,UXM266,"Tutorial wasn't enough help for me to figure how to shoot properly. The rifle didn'y work one time, and didn't tell em how to reload. When i restarted the tutorial the shot killed the scarecrow.Even with bullets in the chamber my gun wouldn't shoot, ultimately led to my demise. Tons of potential, fun concept, interesting atmosphere, but overall it's not for me.As a few people have mentiuoned it's frustrating."
,Recommended,410110,19907495,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[B.A.B] F A T H E R M O C K E R,Do you recommend this game?Yes
76561198131966905,Not Recommended,410110,20567328,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JESUS IS COOL.,"if your looking for hotline miami, youve come to the wrong place.unlike hotline miami, the game has no controller surport, its locked to 38 fps and cocking the the revovler is just a pain.i understand, that this game has only been relaseed relatively early, but, this is inexcusable.- if they added controller surport- and got rid of having to constanly having to♥♥♥♥♥♥your gunthen i would play itbut, at the moment, i would suggest playing hotline miami!"
,Not Recommended,410110,24126347,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pupper Paladin Zergoth,"Western Hotline Miami? What could be better than that!?Answer: Anything.I really wanted to love this game. It sounded amazing from the premise but it falls flat. The artstyle isn't nearly as appealing to HLM. I do not want them to have a similar aesthetic, I just want 12>6 to have a STRONGER aesthetic. The black and white above art style looks charming in the trailer, but in action, looks bland and uninspired.One of my biggest problems about the game is the soundtrack. I'm a big Western fan, and westerns can have FANTASTIC music. I'm not expecting Hang Em High levels of music, but the generic blues rock doesnt really feel involved, and rather just slapped on.The controls feel a bit finicky and awkward, but not terrible. I kind of like the single-action revolver mechanic.The dialogue leaves a lot to be desired, and feels weird to read.Overall, if you're looking for a great western action game, look elsewhere.Though the developer has some cool ideas, and I'd definetly check them out in the future."
,Recommended,410110,22812332,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,☣Patient Zero☣,A Western Hotline Miami
76561198025305749,Recommended,410110,23778196,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Black Crimson Dragon,brutal and fun
76561198046153785,Recommended,410110,23788533,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SleepiestRanger,"Fun game, I love the hand drawn, paper style art"
76561197982371705,Not Recommended,410110,24195739,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,vizualartist,"The theme is great.  Very similar to Hotline Miami.  But the characters could really use some shading/contrast, or at least make the ground a darker shade.  This wouldn't stray from the style, they shaded the artwork on the Steam page and cutscenes, just not in the game itself.  And all the enemies are just hats, and good luck telling the difference between a hat and a dead enemy or a bush.The enemies are extremely accurate, but are also extremely limited in their AI and will just charge you if they see you or hear a gunshot, but as soon as you are out of sight they do nothing to find you, and they all die to 1 shot, no bosses or anything, so it's hard to stay interested in the gameplay for the 4-5 hour campaign.The worst problem by far are the controls, oh wow, they are atrocious, especially melee.  You can't really target what you want when more than one enemy is on screen, and sometimes you'll swing, sometimes you won't, sometimes you'll swing twice, it's really awful and probably why they don't punish deaths at all.  I played with an xbox controller, maybe it's better with mouse and keyboard.I was expecting a twin stick western shooter with a cool hand drawn style and fluid controls.  I got a 1-stick 2-color shooter with clunky controls that dragged on for too long with little variety.  It was a great idea, executed poorly."
76561198145326492,Recommended,410110,19197478,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Darius,"Awesome mix of artistic visuals and fast-paced action. You probably already heard this analogy a thousand times, but it really is ``Hotline Miami meets classic western movies``.It's also funny that this game is rated AO (adults only) by the ESRB..."
,Recommended,410110,19296224,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Indie88,"It's a decent game - yes it's a Hotline Miami-a-like. I certainly wouldn't say clone, enough effort has gone in, it's just in the same genre. If you can pick it up cheap I would - it's challenging, but when you die it's your fault not the controls. One downside is that it feels like ""wild west hat simulator"" sometimes - you can't tell the difference between a live guy and a dead guy because they both just look like hats.They should proabably change the colour on dead enemies. I'd like an option to zoom out slightly, almost like an FOV slider, without breaking the game. You can press a button but sometimes you'll get killed by a hat that's barely on screen and therefore 12 feet in front of you.Music is good (not exactly thematic but still) and art style is interesting if nothing else. A little colour wouldn't hurt! As I said it's challenging, I haven't even completed the first act (of 3 I believe) in an hour so I'm happy with the pricing. If there's ever an update then some voice acting would go a long way for immersion too.I've said a lot negative, but I'd buy it again having played it. If you like HM buy it."
,Not Recommended,410110,23875730,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pseudo,"I am a huge fan of Hotline Miami but have not been able to get into this game. Movement is clunky, the gun-cocking mechanics make the game a struggle, and overall it just really rough around the edges."
,Recommended,410110,30799273,Posted: 28 March,all,Richard B.Riddick,Played it for 6 hours straight! (I didn't skip the story)Fun little game.Characters aren't easy to distinguish from the scenery.
76561198074841140,Not Recommended,410110,31448393,Posted: 29 April,all,Vro,"Just not a fun game. The 'realistic; aspect of manual cocking is pointless as well as annoying. The developers basically took everything that made hotline miami good, stripped it away, and repainted it. The enemies are somewhat buggy, the movement is clunky, and everything looks the ♥♥♥♥ing same from a top down perspective. You simply can't use a minimalist art style in a top down shooter, and this is exemplary of that concepts failure.I really like these devs but they should have just made another hotline. This sucks"
76561198145873150,Recommended,410110,32980420,Posted: 29 June,all,Lorc,.
76561198108479195,Recommended,410110,19676424,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Slick Digby,"Very enjoyable game with a fairly unique aesthetic, good soundtrack, familiar gameplay to hotline miami players and a decent narrative to keep you playing through the 4 chapter campaign. I like that each weapon has its own cocking/loading mechanic which gives each weapon a style."
,Recommended,410110,22728330,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,A sort of Hotline Miami clone but with original setting and some original gameplay moments.P.S. You play as mexican guy with sombrero and guns.
76561198069541912,Recommended,410110,25246115,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Anton The Outlaw,like hotline miami in the wild west
76561198018775954,Recommended,410110,19338831,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SuperJim,Good Russian Game =) 7/10
,Recommended,410110,20057104,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,oof★owie,apparently there's hotline miami for your gardener now.
,Not Recommended,410110,24172181,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,WhaarGaarble,"This game gets old quick. It's difficult but it's difficult in the way that you have to check your mag eveytime you die to restart at the checpoint (beginning of the lvl), you sometimes get loaded into an instant shootout situation type thing. The dialogue is insipid, the jokes are groan worthy, and the gameplay is repetitive and boring. At least I got it cheap so I'm not out much money, I guess."
,Recommended,410110,19366158,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Clubbins,"The Hotline Miami of the Old West. The combat mechanics are more complex and add more challenge to the player's approach. Although some don't enjoy its lack of colour, I think it sets the standard of its intended setting. An old, black and white historical setting that is smeared in the blood of your victims; Juan is certainly making his mark on the land of 19th century America.Why don't you spare a few pesos for this, Gringo?"
76561197986432926,Recommended,410110,19500889,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lawroboros,"9/10 would kill paper gringos again.12 is Better Than 6 is essentially a Wild Western take on Hotline Miami.However, its charming pen-and-paper minimalist artwork, sizzling steel-string soundtrack and sharp-shooting enemies (seriously, a lot of these guys would win gold at the Olympics) make for a unique, yet accessibly familiar, and thoroughly enjoyable experience (once you've got the hang of staying alive).Virtually all pros for me, the exceptions being:- a very rare collision-detection issue (got stuck in a door I don't think I was meant to enter)- one mission requires using weapon x to kill y enemies. If you kill y-1 enemies but have killed all the rest by other means, you have to restart the mission manually as you're then stuck- reloading weapons is rather hit-and-miss, and you often end up throwing bullets on the ground for no good reason"
,Recommended,410110,22655456,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,Great game the bad reviews i'd like to say are little kids who got a spraying trigger don't fire off a shell ♥♥♥♥ing kiddo you gotta hold down the mouse button. Great game worth full price shoot those people and kill all those gringos with a angry revolver crazed mexican.
,Recommended,410110,23254710,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,mar4enkoev,Fine game!
,Recommended,410110,21542015,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Den,"It's okI mean, it's a bit hard and some lines in the English version are Russian, but it's ok"
76561198309555398,Recommended,410110,33128505,Posted: 2 July,all,MEME_LORD,GOOD Game
,Not Recommended,410110,24221536,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,fri_freeman,"Sadly I must not recommend this game. It got really cool artstyle, and interesting shooting mechanic, but...- I understand the artstyle, but they should've give more contrast between enemies and background.- Shooting mechanic is unique and hard to learn, and might get annoying for some people, and what the heck with the completely unintuitive way to get ammo from enemies. I understand how to do it, but I still don't get what's actually happening in game as you push the buttons to get ammo from your enemies.. Completly contrast with the weird but intuitive shooting.- It's pretty hard, but I guess it's those kind of games. I was actually hoping for a more arcadey game, but turned out this is a ""try stage again and again to check the layout and enemy placement to get the perfect strategy because you're dead in one hit"" type of thing. I personally don't mind.- The english is really bad. Honestly, this is the first time I downvoted a game because of its translation. The writing is awkward. Technically it is english I guess, but lots of it is hard to understand because of the awkwardness, and it even got emotes in dialogue boxes like this! *fri_freeman sighs*. What is this, a livejournal?Seriously, I'm actually embarassed that I actually downvoted an action game because of writings. Who care about writings in top-down action games? Usually I don't care on typos or slightly awkward translation by non-native speakers and such, I don't know why this game's bug me so much. Maybe because it distract me so much that the nice artstyle and unique shooting mechanic becomes annoyance as well."
76561198028220732,Recommended,410110,26064840,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Duck Nuckem,Great game. Is a little slow at first but once you're done with the beginning it's all action.
,Recommended,410110,19402464,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Salty Catfish!,"12 is Better Than 6 is a top-down western shooter that manages to overcome its limited length and repetition through fun shooting mechanics.You play as an unnamed Mexican blazing a blood-soaked trail towards recovering his identity and his memories. The story elements are sparse and only vaguely interesting, but I was intrigued enough to see the Mexican's quest through to the end. Gameplay is mostly comprised of ""get to point A alive"" levels with a small handful of hub-like areas that offer upgrades between missions. You may have read it already, but the comparison is worth repeating: the shooting aspects of this game are very similar to Hotline Miami. Enemies are lethal, aggressive, and high in number. To survive, you'll need to be quick, stealthy, and smart about positioning for engaging your foes. I particularly loved that you have to manually♥♥♥♥♥♥your gun (via right clicking) before firing again; not only does this add an extra element to gunplay, but you'll feel like a true gunslinger fanning your hammer between shots.My one complaint is that the game will occasionally require melee combat. Certain areas give you a pickaxe or shovel and force you to engage in a handful of melee encounters, which involve little more than backing up while clicking madly and hoping that your blow connects before the enemy's. For a game with such satisfying gunplay, it felt almost criminal to abandon it.Overall, though, I enjoyed my few hours with 12/6 and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a watered-down but nevertheless satisfying desperado version of Hotline Miami."
,Not Recommended,410110,22985250,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,RagdollRalph,"One of the first games ive really regretted bying, maybe there is some value, but I am yet to find it and I dont feel like playing anymore.Also, why would a game like this restrict your ability to fire your gun when enemies are not around, is this a Hotline Miami clone or is it kindergarden? That choice honestly baffled me."
,Recommended,410110,23854431,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,misingleters,"Absolutely fantastic once you understand the controls, which are both brilliant and responsive, while also needlessly complex. It's 3 bucks on sale. Definitely worth it."
76561198043716338,Recommended,410110,23854252,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sullen cucksrus.com,"So first off, let me say that if you identify as the 50% of Americans who hate white males, then I suppose this game is for you?But on to the actual review, 12 is Better Than 6 is a top down shooter (much like, but not ♥♥♥♥ing IDENTICAL to Hotline Miami) where you only have one life then you restart at the begining of each level.- Weaponry is pretty typical for a western style game; revolver, db shotgun, lever action rifle, and a bow. atleast that's all I've come across.- As before mentioned, there's only one life, so it can be rought at times. It's not impossible, but it's a challenge.- The controls are fine, a bit sensitive maybe for some, but pretty standard for others. Again, if you've played Hotline Miami, you should be able to understand 12iBT6 pretty easily.- Story isn't mediocre, but it's just kind of rushed, or more pushed to the side. But I haven't exactly completed the game.- Art style is really nice.And I guess that's about it. From what i've played, it's a pretty decent game.I'm not IGN, but it's a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,410110,23885042,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SnD | Hamo,"Great game, I like the art style, gamplay and music. It has a couple of modes you can do, It's definitely worth a few dollars/pounds/rubles/euroes. The ending is a bit flat though, but that's okay."
,Recommended,410110,28712838,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✎SirAndy,I'ts look like hotline miami with drawing worldI will rate it 9/10
,Recommended,410110,28710354,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Player,отличная игра чтоб отдохнуть ну или наоборот)
76561197993767882,Recommended,410110,31040122,Posted: 9 April,all,tony1000,Cool game.Enjoyed playing it.Visual style and shooting are cool
,Recommended,410110,25161861,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,A Crazed Gunman,holy hot tamale this is like Hotline Miami on tequila
76561198121718704,Recommended,410110,25065915,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Jabobomb,"This is a really nice game. On top of its awesome art style which is somewhat unique it has great controls and has also a decent learning curve.The games score (aka music) is great as well, this is a really stunning indie game."
,Recommended,410110,25075699,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,WrenTheRam,This game is actually incredible. Easily worth double the price it's set.
76561198089935513,Not Recommended,410110,35150486,Posted: 23 September,all,Fistful of Fros,"This game bores me on so many fronts. The music gets boring, the story is boring, Environments are repetitive and bland, and the gameplay....It's so disappointing. Having to manually reload every bullet makes it feel so unfair to lose because it's not fast and fun gunplay at that point. It's slow 'hope i don't run out of ammo on this six-shooter so i have to reload almost every bullet of this gun' gunplay. This sounds petty but, when the whole level is after you because you shot ONE bullet, it just feels like what's the point in even using guns then?And that's another thing, some levels force stealth so immediately you can't use all the features provided because otherwise you get ripped to shreds by the shear amount of enemies. That's coupled with the fact that you can get shot off-screen and due to the poor art, sometimes you can't tell if enemies can see you behind cover.I get what the artstyle is going for, but adding colour would have made it more clear what objects are what and gave the player better depth perception (using dark colours for shadier places instead of sad looking shadows) or maybe I'm wrong and they didn't have the budget.tl;dr:All in all, this game is tiresome to play: the characters move sticky, the weapons are frustrating, the story is pretty cliche (and not in a cool way, some people make it work), boring environments with reused background assets so it becomes repetitive, gameplay is uninspired feeling and forces your hand IMO. If there's on word to sum it all up it's just BORING. boring to slog through."
,Not Recommended,410110,33275958,Posted: 5 July,all,JackWackem,"Broken launcher for windows 10. Once you get around it, its a mildly dissapointing game. Poor attemp at a great concept."
,Not Recommended,410110,33899629,Posted: 30 July,all,chewfeather,"It's competently programmed and has a unique aesthetic that is a significant plus, but overall the gameplay feels somewhat shallow and unsatisfying, and the story is ultimately forgettable; the only memorable thing about it is its aggressive edginess."
,Not Recommended,410110,30629750,Posted: 19 March,all,EnduroDoug,"Wanted to like playing this game as much as I enjoy looking at it and listening to the music. Sadly, the UI was confusing and searchable items, ammo, guns, and other pick-ups weren't as easily recognizable in the line-art style. Death came quickly, and life was usually immediately returned via instantaneous continue. Except whe it wasn't. And then you'd stare at the ""You're Dead"" splash for 40 seconds wondering when/if the game would let you revive.Nice idea, but too raw."
,Recommended,410110,20532854,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Classicsniper00,"Wasn't really my kind of game, controls felt weird and I didn't realize it was meant to be about stealth. I refunded it but I'd still recommend it to other people out there who I'm sure would enjoy it. I liked the music and the gun sounds were superb.I'd give it a shot if your fan of hotline miami or similar games and want a western theme."
,Not Recommended,410110,22797905,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,2Joe,"Remember Dead Ahead in Hotline Miami 2, the worst level in the series?That's more than 80% of this game with the rest being sections with really bad melee combat or hubs with nothing to do in them.I'd only recommend this at a 50% off sale at the most."
,Recommended,410110,28763320,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fraa Jad,If you can get it on sale ($3) it is worth the buy.
,Recommended,410110,19243040,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Mr. Jelly,"Holy wow! This game is fun!!! I only have a short amount of time playing this but holy wow this game is fun. It's really hard which makes it just that much better. If you enjoy top-down shooters, then this is the perfect game for you."
76561198285173467,Not Recommended,410110,22789578,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,EnduroRider,Pros:* Decent artwork for top-down shooter* Good soundtrack/music* Setting/Atmosphere/Idea is decentCons:* Their latest Controller Update ERASED saved games.. Total buzz-kill.. Some frickin bang-up job you are doin Devs..* Story gets weaker and weaker as it progress.* Gets repetitive real quick* Way too easyConclusion:Erasing saved games with update literally stoped me from playin EVER again.. This was a huge mistake on Devs' part. Game deleted... Absolutely not recommend.. Game needed work but was playable.. But apparently the Devs need work on their logic before the game gets it's needs.. Get your head out of your six Devs..
76561198150641511,Not Recommended,410110,30342876,Posted: 5 March,all,The Unnormal M8,"7.8/10 ""Too much white""- IGN""Also needs better Controls""- Me"
,Not Recommended,410110,26469176,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Nelzord,"This game is broken. Everytime I start the tutorial, I am greeted with a frozen screen.I have gotten no support from the developers or forums."
76561198002442301,Recommended,410110,19384985,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hajda,"New map- Stealth moding through the whole map, ""60"" people on the map, 59 down, 1 left.- Stealth mode over, let's blaze that last ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ down!- You are dead!Starting over!-Stealth moding through the whole map, ""60"" people on the map, 59 down, 1 left.-You know what? Let's glue this dynamite on this very well trained mouse and send her to that guy! Like Jeremy Clarkson would say, what could go wrong, right?-You are dead! (wasn't well trained at all)aaaand....starting over!Summary:Lovely graphicsAwesome sountrackSimple, yet great combat systemStory that is inconclusivly closed (you will get that when you finish)10/10 would BANG again (from a gun you pervs!)"
,Not Recommended,410110,22765643,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,acmd,"While I appreciate holding RMB for each shot as a unique game feature, the inability to switch from knife to gun with RMB is just bad. It works in 'no weapon' mode though, but why introduce this mode in such game at all?"
,Not Recommended,410110,22785208,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ragtag,"I really liked the graphics of this game, and it played smoothly on my machine without crashing, but that's about it. The game play is more of a chore than fun. You die a lot and try again, until you make it through a room, and then it's basically the same in the next room.I could live with that if the writing and dialog wasn't so cliche and plain awful.  It feels like it's written by a 13 year old teen trying to sound cool. It's not funny nor interesting, and it makes you care even less about the characters and story of the game...such as it is.All I can say is I'm glad I got it on sale."
,Recommended,410110,24104815,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,grd,10/10 Breaking bad reference
,Recommended,410110,31251924,Posted: 20 April,all,the puffy dragon,Lololo AWESOME game
,Recommended,410110,19369237,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TheNarrator,"So far , really fantastic art style.  Truly remarkable. Plus for the current price, you can't beat it."
,Recommended,410110,19465021,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,forgemaster,I say its good because I just love stealth and western based games. Also its good in its genre i rate it 10 hats.
,Not Recommended,410110,27829177,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[SQ]Noname,"Awful gamepad support that has been tacked on after release. The tutorial fails to properly explain the different buttons and switches between keyboard/mouse bindings and gamepad bindings. Very confusing. And they didn't even manage to implement simple menu navigation, you have to move a cursor with the stick to the menu entry you want and then click on it. Sorry, not worth my time - returned it after 11 minutes."
76561198087713157,Not Recommended,410110,34911791,Posted: 12 September,all,Argyle,Game feels like Hotline Miami at about a twelth the speed and with a hundredth the intrigue. Combat is very sticky and the combat is really all there is.
76561198034683430,Not Recommended,410110,34315640,Posted: 17 August,all,Gorlami,"Right now, the game won't launch for me.If I can fix this or it gets fixed then I can maybe change this to a thumbs up :/"
,Recommended,410110,19371089,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Yudovskiy,"Good game like Hotline Miami.Excellent graphics, dynamic gameplay.The story is not interesting, it does not understand why it is necessary to kill so many people.Tasks of the merchants do not want to perform.Shoot from a revolver is not so simple. You get tired to hold the right mouse button.Story 1/10Graphics 8/10Gameplay 7/10"
,Not Recommended,410110,25204813,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,comrade_cylon,"This game does not work. Simple. With or without gamepad, can't move, shoot, or reload. This isn't even counting the numerous times that animations stop completely while the game is still apparently running as the sound plays as if it's still going. Ugh. I have tried literally everything to fix the issues I'm having and it's just not functional. Sorry."
76561198011203008,Not Recommended,410110,25434922,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,vasari1212,"gamebreaking bugs let me not play any part of the game, freezes and crashes happened in the main menu already no solution found anywhere"
,Not Recommended,410110,25474006,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tactical Bacon,"Hotline Miami with bad controls, awful music, broken grammar, inconsistent weapons, and the word ""gringo"" about 30 trillion times. Oh, and it keeps the nauseating screen tilt."
,Not Recommended,410110,21112910,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,s_,"Its a good game, but its so buggy. A lot of the time you cannot tell if the enemy can see you like you can in Hotline Miami. The knifing system is a joke, especially when you're out of ammo, its a complete death sentence. There is constant screens of white, crashing, ""out of memory!"" errors, and much more. This game needs more polish, it isnt finished yet."
76561198105283414,Not Recommended,410110,25493183,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,cigaro158,"Deinstaled it after about 1.5 hours of playing because of edgy but sometimes overintensive controling.Recently I played both puplications of Hotline Miami and had no handling-problems, could play fluently. With 12 is better than 6 this was impossible.Defenetly not worth 7 bucks!"
76561198117367651,Not Recommended,410110,21137630,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,joe,Game constantly crashes between levels
,Not Recommended,410110,21472954,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KinnikuHentai,基本上是简化版的西部风格热线迈阿密。。。优化不是很好（至少对这样一个2D游戏来说），玩起来卡卡的，高特效平时就十几帧的样子，低特效有爆炸的时候也很卡（话说你的爆炸不就是播放一个动画吗？）我笔记本配置确实不是太高，CPU i5 显卡 7600M的水平。。。但是也不至于卡成这样啊 如果是因为玩法而不是画面/西部题材被吸引的。。可以去尝试热线迈阿密 不太建议购买
76561198252344116,Recommended,410110,22792967,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,dual pistal,cool  its fun
,Recommended,410110,31750818,Posted: 14 May,all,RandomSanity,"Got this in a cheap bundle and had a blast playing it for a few hours. Would not recommend it at full price, but for a buck or two it's a yes."
76561198088509193,Not Recommended,410110,34632522,Posted: 31 August,all,Nice Shot Goose,"This is Hotline Miami with terrible controls, bad weapons, bad enemy design (it is very easy to just not notice an enemy because they blend in). I feel terrible for whoever made the excellent music, as it is the only good part of the game."
76561198273679890,Recommended,410110,23454183,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,BalLouiZ,nice
76561198136070968,Not Recommended,410110,22543119,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,brandon.brigance,I will change my recommendation when controller support is released... the default controls suck
76561198265131463,Not Recommended,410110,20510849,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mdmartin1996,the game keeps playing the audio but wont show anygthing. every time i pull it up it wont do anything the screen just freezes but the audio keeps palying
76561198066787945,Not Recommended,410110,25601052,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kash,"So I've had this game stored in my game library for a while, finally decide to fire it up and give it a go. It crashed right off the bat, in the tutorial as soon as I move the game dies. I tried the other two modes and the same thing. I've tried in both the high and low settings. It still crashes.  I fired up other higher perfomance games to makes sure it wasn't issues on my end and they were fine.However, based off other reviews I suppose it does work for some people, so if someone can suggest a possible fix I will be willing to give it another shot otherwise I don't recommend. To get me to write a review is kinda a big thing since I never bother but I am quite dissapointed as I had high hopes."
,Not Recommended,410110,33905168,Posted: 30 July,all,Null ARC 11,"Hope you boys and girls enjoy the soundtrack on the trailer cause you're gonna be hearing it a lot...This game is what I hoped would be a Hotline Miami experience except with ""Old West"" guns and themes mixed in, and oh boy was it terrible.You play as an overly edgy and stereotyped mexican on a somewhat flawed and difficult to follow personal mission. The dialogues were down right aids and the art style (all be it showed in the trailer) gets quite ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and flat. Enemies are able to detect you through walls and shoot you through doors.But hey, THERES CUSTOMIZABLE HATS LADS!!!This game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy it. Already refunded mine."
,Not Recommended,410110,25299741,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Poofie Love bird,"Insalled 2 times, get stuck in tutorial for some reason. Too late for refund."
76561198049828989,Not Recommended,410110,25498489,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,*****,"Does not work. Freezes in tutorial or on first action in the other modes, after that no matter how many buttons you press, all you get is .. nothing. At that point you have to kill the game via the task-manager."
,Recommended,410110,23452769,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,wrt.,Laggy as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198035951256,Not Recommended,410110,21485162,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,forceanature,12 is better than 6 is a textbook example of a completely ruined good idea. Good graphics are impossible to enjoy when the gaming is running at a slugish 30fps and a lack of v sync leads to giant jagged lines across the screen. And if that wasn't bad enough the combat is unbearable and forces you to mash buttons to fire subsequent shots.
,Not Recommended,410110,21559242,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mad Mike,"i'd just rather play hotline miami 2, i couldn't get myself to enjoy it for some reason."
76561198060318406,Not Recommended,410110,21633651,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Robert De Niro,"Great Idea. Terrible execution. I was hoping for Hotline Miami set in a wildly violent spaghetti western story but got clumsly dialogue and stale gameplay. The soundtrack is completely underwhelming and doesn't even fit the game's style and pace. The art style is interesting but then ultimately ends up frustrating because all you see is hats instead of actual people. Why is the game called 12 is better than 6 if you cannot dual wield weapons? Do yourself a favor, if you were looking to buy this game go checkout Hotline Miami. It does an infinitely better job than this game."
,Not Recommended,410110,28934990,Posted: 2 January,all,Konrad,meh
,Not Recommended,410110,21487278,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,[VSF] Migel,"I regret buying it. It's like a really bad HM ripoff, but it's Notline Miami. Shooting feels bad, levels are either too easy or too hard, some key elements glitchy, the tutorial doesn't tell you sh*t and the game only has three colours, White, Black and red, which makes you have to SEARCH your character on the screen before you can start playing. There is also no story, it just tells you that you want revenge... for...  no, there isnt anything, you just want revenge like that. Someone probably stole your Tequila or something.If you want this, buy Hotline Miami and Westerado, very good games.Just don't give these guys money for their Hotline Doodlejump ripoff.Or just play some flash games...2/10 - Nice idea, poor execution.I will be ready to rewrite this review if they make major changes."
76561198004170881,Not Recommended,410110,28424582,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Galatolol,Didn't like it.
,Not Recommended,410110,32891278,Posted: 27 June,all,Big Boss,"Clunky controls, very sparse and vague tutorial, cringe worthy dialogue. Admittedly I only played through the tutorial and the first level, but I feel like that's telling enough. I started the game over quite a few times actually, just to see if multiple read-throughs would be beneficial to learning the game, but I was proven wrong. The way characters talk is completely ridiculous, and some scenes come across as if written by young children. The ""Mexican"" is only Mexican in the way that he looks, and that he calls everyone ""gringo"".Also, ""fa ggot""? Is that the best insult they could come up with for a Mexican in the Wild West? The era ended around 1895, and the use of ""fagg ot"" as an insult wasn't even thought up before 1910~1915. The modern use of insults really only hampers the ""immersion""."
,Recommended,410110,25879588,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PeacefulPitbull,THIS GAME IS  A BADASS ENRAGING COMPLIATION OF GUNFIGHTS AND TALKING AWSOME!!
76561198279212151,Not Recommended,410110,21168941,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,jingwx36,Such a big bug:Out of memory!!!! Alway!!!Shi  TTTTTTT!!!!!
,Not Recommended,410110,21433582,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Tartrazine,"A bad ripoff of Hotline Miamiwith ink drawing graphics that make it hard to see what's happening, and a REALLY awkward interface that is just intolerable in such a twitch-based shooter where a single mistake gets you instantly killed. Unlike every other Western themed game I've ever played, your main weapon is a single-action revolver that (like in real life) you have to manually♥♥♥♥♥♥the gun's hammer after each shot which is ""realistic"" but also a HUGE nuisance (especially without clear visual or vibration feedback to confirm that your gun is ready to fire), and your enemies allunrealistically have perfect aim and kill you instantly with one shot. Manually cocking a revolver's hammer might be a fun way to add tension to a prolonged gunfight in a slower paced Western game like Secret Ponchos, butNOTin a game like this that's all about lightning reactions, and trying to figure out how the devs intended you to beat the mission. Oh, and did I mention you also have to mess around with manually emptying the bullets out of your dead enemies' revolvers? Because you do. And it's annoying. Sure, by all means make things more realistic than letting me suck the rounds out of guns on the floor by getting my magic bullet-absorbing boots near them like in most games, but don't add such annoying busywork to your game!"
,Not Recommended,410110,27892355,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,inaneHELLRAISER,"Not hotline miami in the west. hotline miami is great, this is terrible"
,Recommended,410110,19663451,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Belmont ™,Bean and cheese burritos have nuthin on dis!(easy achievements too)
76561198032865614,Not Recommended,410110,21410131,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Judge Bredd,Cringey♥♥♥♥♥♥like <puts knife against fat ♥♥♥♥s throat>game was ok2bolby/12corn
76561198047469426,Not Recommended,410110,21506939,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zalachenko,"This game sucks. It's too easy, specially using a gamepad, the graphic is really lack luster, the history is cliche and boring as hell.If you are looking for something like Hotline Miami you'll be very, VERY, disappointed."
76561198267198963,Not Recommended,410110,21544893,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Felkan ★,you need to have windows 7 and i have windows 10 and i cant ♥♥♥♥in play it
76561198141384201,Not Recommended,410110,29286481,Posted: 15 January,all,Afrokitsune,This game is ok it's just a simple cowboy off shot from hotline miami. The shootouts are fun but there are no selective key binding in game if your trying to shoot your gun with a mac mouse so i had to buy a difference mouse cause of that. Warning: there is a bug in game that wont launch the game and will just give you a white screen. The bug comes at random.  If its still on  it will run the game time. if it does this refund the game quickly. The devs said they fixed the problem in a update but i seem to still have it the problem with this game. Another thing about the game is the sound track which sound fantastic but when you buy it it doesn't show up in steam music which is still disappointing. DO NOT BUY THE SOUND TRACK!!! Cause if you keep the sound track it automatically ties in with the real game time and can't refund once you have found out its not there. ITS A SCAM! I now am stuck with a broken game that won't launch and no sound track. Its waste of money. All i can say now is TRY IT BUT DON'T BUY IT or just go to the forums and read reviews.Im just trying to make sure people don't make the same mistake i made. Just wait till the devs fix it...
,Not Recommended,410110,34726170,Posted: 3 September,all,BROODX,"Inherently evil gringos want to imprison a mexican dude with amnesia. Then he goes on a killing spree. All that, in the most terrible english imaginable."
76561198054703608,Not Recommended,410110,21126077,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,kduyb7,The game is not as good as it's looked. Too violent and boring :(
,Not Recommended,410110,21392881,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Saint iGNUcius,"A couple of issues prevent me from really wanting to spend a lot of time with this game:- Crushing difficulty, right from the beginning, before I really have a good grip on the gun mechanics.- While I like the artstyle, it makes it really hard to discern where enemies are since they blend in to the rest of the art. This could be as simple as making all enemies ""black hats""."
,Not Recommended,410110,19283512,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TwistedGears,"I played for all of seven minutes before quitting, uninstalling, and requesting a refund. If you're hoping for something like Hotline Miami, this ain't it. It feels a lot slower and due to the style it all just kind of blends together. The writing is presented poorly, I spotted a number of missing spaces between sentences and apparently you denote how someone speaks using apostrophes-Disappointed' Not at all what I was hoping for, in general first impression is that the game just isn't up to scratch, let alone comparable to Hotline Miami. 'finishes review and hopes refund goes through'"
76561198100446726,Not Recommended,410110,22837756,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,To Asgaard,"I actually just started playing the game for a bit, havent quite finished it, but I just wanted to put down my initial thoughts as well as a video of some of it if your interested in seeing it.  Tbh it plays kinda like Hotline Miama, but with some wierd alerations and so far at least I dont feel like the story is as engaging or well written.  As for gameplay, some things I dont like is the whole hold right click then hit left click to shoot.  It just feels wierd and makes combat feel clunky at first.  Also the reloading is like hit r,r,r,r,r,r,r to reload your revolver.  Cant say I'm a huge fan of that either.  And lastly the biggest issue to me is that the enemy AI is really really bad.  A lot of parts where Im just left thinking ""wtf are they doing?""  But aside from those things, the gameplay at its core is fun, and some parts of the game are semi funny.  But at the end of the day I would suggest Hotline Miami over this game tbh.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNeyYHdmA04Edit: Also worth noting, today I got to Act 2 Episode 3 and now it just crashes everytime I try to start up that episode and wont let me continue past it...  so thats another complaint, lol."
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,410110,21397069,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Scribbles,"The gameplay is much shallower and less engaging than the videos would suggest. If you want a game that does this style of quick shooting well, get Hotline Miami. The levels here are extremely short and very boring. I bought this on sale and actually felt ripped off and ended up returning it, and it wasn't even entirely due to the mediocre gameplay. The absolute worst part of this game is the writing, something the devs claim is immersive and engaging. It's actually so garbled that it's hard to tell what's actually being said. I don't expect historically accurate dialog but I could barely figure out what people were even saying to each other. The English is such a complete mess that it feels like the game was run through Google translate about a dozen times. It wasn't just nonsensical (even the tutorial misrepresented the controls the English is so bad) it was really, really weird. I get they were trying to make the bad guys really racist and homophobic, but modern slurs in a cowboy game were more jarring and weird than anything else. It didn't develop anyone's character, it didn't add to the atmosphere, it didn't even make me want to shoot the bad guys, it just made me pause and wonder how old the developer is.Verdict:  It actually felt worse than an Armor Games flash game. Don't even buy on sale. It's just a hot mess. Get Hotline Miami instead. The only reason to buy this thing is to laugh at some of the worst writing you'll ever come across, outside of some dumb teen's creepy Sonic fanfic. It's just so weird and bad. It's so bad.I feel really bad for the people who buy this thing at full price. It's not even worth a dollar. Thankfully, Steam is willing to hand out refunds these days."
76561198129656729,Not Recommended,410110,22848495,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BossManBobRoss,"This game is like Hotline Miami with an emphasis on ranged combat, which doesn't really work all that well. The shooting mechanic - one mouse button ♥♥♥♥♥ the weapon, the other fires - is novel at first, but gets real old, real fast. The stealth approach works alright to a point, that point being one where you can't stab the guy you're standing next to because his gun is in the way. It's also fairly racist. I get the impression that maybe the developers were trying to make some sort of commentary, but it comes across like a middle schooler trying to be edgy. Not recommended at full price, but maybe on sale."
76561198091114262,Not Recommended,410110,31174878,Posted: 16 April,all,SK RaZoR,"You can't bind any useful keys outside A-Z.For people just copying over Hotline miami, re-skinning it and just adding spice. How can you screw up the control scheme?Just unacceptable."
76561197973472816,Not Recommended,410110,31922583,Posted: 23 May,all,Bludgeon,Terrible gimmick that make the game frustrating to play.
76561198202288644,Not Recommended,410110,24048336,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Goofaco,I really would like to play this game but it keeps freezing every time I start the tutorial or arena.
78883999100209911,Recommended,410110,25908559,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,พี่ปั๊บ,hell yea
76561198105055681,Recommended,410110,26244630,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,KaHk,Great game
76561198082959567,Not Recommended,410110,25409445,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,BurgerKrieg,Not line Miami.
76561198348074557,Not Recommended,410110,28365892,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MemeKing7776,gay af
76561198360243864,Not Recommended,410110,30499498,Posted: 13 March,all,Litfamthiccthigh,The controls suck and the white is too bright for my eyes.Go get Hotline Miami instead. It's a game that is 100x better than this white trash for the same price.
76561198119603056,Recommended,410110,26204105,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Atomic_Beverage,>Insert description here<
76561198138978299,Not Recommended,410110,30070169,Posted: 20 February,all,Patchy the Pirate,"Yeah this is a horrible game, glad i bought it on sale"
76561198045161839,Not Recommended,410110,19224482,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,FlameStrike,"The concept is nice, the soundtrack is good, gameplay is ok, but it crashes every change of chapter.... a shame, i really felt like supporting this guys, now i just feel it was a waste of money."
76561198097728754,Not Recommended,410110,19239833,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Malinhaz,"Terrible game, does not work in full screen mode, if you throw more than on granade the game stop"
,Not Recommended,410110,19254119,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TimPark,hard to control and need improvment of animation and camera effects.I only played 5mins and deleted
76561198096720582,Not Recommended,410110,32420318,Posted: 14 June,all,Midnight Fury.,pro: go sub to my minecraft channelcons: not in mexico. Its actually in USA
,Not Recommended,410110,19186035,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ThatHacker4Chan,"This is basically a western Hotline Miami, without the flair that made Hotline Miami great. The shooting system is new, and it looks pretty nice, but the gameplay gets repetitive pretty quickly, and the writing is cringe worthy.  The AI is a little buggy, and you don't need to do what the protaganist says ( I got by the stealth portion of the first act guns blazing). This isn't neccisarrily a bad game, but It isn't that great."
,Not Recommended,410110,19187771,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ＢＥＲＮＡＮＡＳ,"It's not Hotline Miami, and it's not really a western either, but it's trying to be both. The game doesn't play very fluidly, and the way the guns are controlled is very strange. I like the artstyle, but maybe not for a western game. This trend of games that would have been high quality newgrounds fare 5 years ago being put on Steam for 10 dollars annoys me, and this game plays just like one of those. I will give the developers props for trying to make a western themed game, and I hope more follow suit. Just maybe not like this."
,Not Recommended,410110,19226072,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Goblet,"I hated the game so bad, I didn't want to play it after the first mission."
76561197998645395,Recommended,410110,19332701,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Harlow,"EDIT :Nice game, love the design. The gameplay looks like Hotline Miami.OLD REVIEW (Problem fixed u can map all the actions now) :an azerty keyboard is mapped like this :first row AZERTY...second row QSDFG...So to move i have to map ZQSDIf i do so, each time i go left i swap weapon as i cant remap ""swap weapon""So key binding is not fully functionnal"
76561198005845119,Recommended,410110,25395313,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Zardoz,"Fun game.  The main story is on the shorter side and isn't too difficult as long as you take it slow and use your head, but you'll have more fun going in guns blazing.  There are survival and endurance modes to keep you busy after you've collected all the hats and achievements.  The dialogue is funny and the music is so good I'm buying the DLC.  Espiritus Del Diablo!!  If you are a native Spanish speaker, you may notice some inconsitencies in the MC's vernacular; I am not, but a quick search to discover the meaning of a word our Mexican MC is found of using appears to be a European Spanish phrase instead of Mexican-Spanish."
,Recommended,410110,25393223,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,cortexke,"It's a fairly entertaining game, it's very easy to die so you've got to watch out! The music is very good,get's you into the mood to slay the gringos. It says it's got a full controller support, however I couldn't get to work with my Steam Controller. Still a nice game, bought on sale, totally worth it!"
76561198138121485,Recommended,410110,24702961,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Fives,"Just filling the void until Midnight Animal or Hotline Miami 3 comes out. It's a fun game, and has cool graphics. The guns work kinda funky and can be confusing. It's worth the buying if you liked Hotline Miami though."
76561198238513750,Recommended,410110,24811101,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Red Fox,"It's a fun little game that can actually challenge you. I found the controls difficult to accustom to, but the top down gameplay and fun western story kept things alive."
,Recommended,410110,32730097,Posted: 24 June,all,Gankis Khan,Complicated shooting mechanism but worth it when used to. Nice gunslinger feeling to it.  I'd recommend it to Hotline Miami fans or/and western genre fans.
76561198057755677,Recommended,410110,32097045,Posted: 31 May,all,BirbMemes,BangIf you get white screen or black screen you must make it compatible with Windows 8. It may not work on 10.
76561198122351815,Recommended,410110,21410807,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,legodj16 BoostedBanobo,"Great fun, it may seem like an Hotline Miami clone but its not!"
,Recommended,410110,33664754,Posted: 19 July,all,WOLFGEIST,"Truly a brilliant little game! Fast paced top down shooter with varying mechanics between weapons (hold RMB and click to fire each shot from your repeater, press R to reload 1 round at a time just like a real single action revolver, for example). Much longer than I expected it to be, challenging, and fun. Great music too! Check it out if you love western games."
,Recommended,410110,35239116,Posted: 27 September,all,Ble3azy,"Correct, 12 is better than 6. but it's not better than Hotline Miami!not bad if you already played the hotlines and you need more of that. pick it up on sale."
