user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,410380,25626277,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Praise KEK,"The purpose of this review is to help you determine if HEX: Shards of Fate is a good fit for you. There are a number of quality games on Steam that receive negative reviews simply because they don’t fit the head-shape, budget, and/or difficulty level of certain players. If you really want the TL:DR of this review, go and look at the number of hours played by the positive reviews compared to the number of hours played by the negative reviews. I am a 41-year-old professional with a full-time work schedule. As an avid PC gamer that can no longer keep up with the demands of traditional MMO play times, HEX has been a blessing for me. I have been absolutely enamored with the game’s PvP and PvE and I have been steadily improving thanks to a very helpful community.THE PAY MODELIn order to make a proper determination whether or not HEX is the game for you, you should first understand what this game is and how the pay model works. HEX: Shards of Fate is a trading card game with various PvP and PvE formats. The client can be downloaded without making a purchase and some basic cards as well as all PvE formats can be played free of charge. Additional cards are purchased in packs on a per-pack basis just like real world trading card games like Magic and Pokemon. Cards can be traded among players and bought and sold on the Auction House for either of the game’s currencies. There is Platinum which is purchased with real money and used to buy packs and VIP time, and Gold which is earned by participating in PvE. HEX is not intended to be a Free to Play game. It is a virtual trading, collectable card game that shares aspects of real life card games. In order to fully utilize and appreciate what HEX has to offer you should expect to invest a significant (but reasonable) amount of time and money.THE ECONOMYCards can be bought and sold for both Platinum and Gold on the virtual Auction House. Platinum is originally purchased with real money and is used to buy packs and VIP time. Gold is earned mostly in PvE.  Gold can be used to buy auction house items, Stardust to make cards ‘Extended Art’, and to ‘roll’ on treasure chests which are obtained by buying pack and completing PvE tasks. The HEX economy very nicely allows players with varying preferences of PvP and PvE to exchange desired virtual items. The modest VIP program is free of any Pay-To-Win rewards. Also, you should be aware that there is a robust ‘unregulated’ secondary market where players can sell their collection for real world cash. It’s unsanctioned by Cryptozoic and provides a way for players to receive some of their cash investment back if they decide to move on. This might seem shady at first but it’s akin to going in to your local hobby shop and buying and selling cards there. I put $400 in to Hearthstone and ended up hating the game but since you can’t freely trade cards, I have no way to get any of that back.PLAYER VS. EVIROMENTPvE in HEX currently features two modes of play. There’s a Campaign where you can pick a champion, explore the map, and raid solo dungeons. The other mode is the Frost Ring Arena where you compete with AI controlled champions. The AI difficulty level in both modes is intentionally set at ‘easy’ to ‘medium’ in my estimation. The ‘dumb’ AI is a negative for some players that want a more challenging PvE experience. For most players however, PvE is a form of grinding and the challenge is to figure out deck and equipment designs that can farm the quickest. My favorite aspect of PvE is the Equipment system. Champions can equip certain pieces of armor and weapons that give cards in their decks powerful attributes. It’s a brilliant system that allows for the design of fun, powerful decks in PvE without creating balance issues in PvP.PLAYER VS. PLAYERHEX has a number of PvP formats that appeal to a variety of players based on their tastes. There’s Constructed modes that allow a player to use any PvP eligible card in their collection and there are Gauntlets and Draft mode where players use only cards that are obtained by opening packs. Constructed Mode is highly competitive and since players can use any card in their collection, you will need to make an investment to earn the cards that will allow you to be competitive. You can design budget decks that will help you advance up the ladder but you’ll need to invest and collect some nice cards to be a solid competitor. For players that prefer a more ‘level’ competition there’s Gauntlets and Drafts. Cards in this mode are obtained directly from packs that are opened for that tournament. The cards obtained are completely random for each player and it’s up to you to design the best deck possible. After the tournament concludes, the cards obtained are added to your collection and can be used or traded as you see fit.THE COMMUNITY AND DEVELOPERSThe community is one of the major selling features to me and is why I enjoy HEX so much. There are a number of excellent guilds <Insert Shameless Plug for Cornerstone> and well-produced guides in the form of videos and blogs. The players here are mature and helpful. Any game with PvP will attract♥♥♥♥♥hats of course, but in the two months I’ve been playing, I can count on one hand the number of rude comments that I’ve encountered in chat during a match. The Twitch/Youtube community is excellent and quite often coordinates with Cryptozoic Entertainment. For instance, during the latest patch, a second, pre-patched server was set up so streamers could highlight the upcoming changes during down time. My perception is that Cryptozoic communicates with the player base often and they understand the concerns, needs, and wants of players. I like their transparency regarding their policies and I think their financial model is fair and well done.CONCLUSIONLike many of you I suffered a long period of MMO’s that became P2W and games that were released too early. I’m truly grateful that I found HEX. Cryptozoic Entertainment is a smaller developer and there’s content and quality of life improvements that all of us want sooner rather than later, but at the end of the day, this is an excellent product. If you’re looking for a hobby to sink your teeth in to or you’re considering trying your first TCG, this is the game for you. HEX is Grade A, bonafide Trading Card Game with gorgeous artwork and easy to learn, difficult to master gameplay. I hope you give it a solid try!Edited for length conformity."
,Recommended,410380,29912937,Posted: 13 February,all,Monk,"HEX is by fantastic example of what can be achieved by a true trading card game in the digital space. The quickest way to descibe the game is Magic: The Gathering with a threshold based resource system and unique mechanics that would only be possible in a digital TCG.You preserve everything offerred by physical CCGs such as complete open trading system and third party support and add to it a digital auction house, in-game tournament support, ladder system and a respectable single player experience (although admitiedly still shallow compared to their Kickstarter promises) which adds a somewhat viable way to enjoy the mechanics without spending any money.That is to say, HEX's F2P avenue requires an extreme amount of luck or time if you want to construct some of the most potent PvP decks via only the PvE content. Time in grinding the PvE content until you have enough of the PvE currency to trade for sealed tournament entries and luck in that you do well enough in those sealed tournaments via wins or opening cards that sell well to pay for the next entry fee and make a profit.To give some perspective to that a sealed tournament entry costs generally $5 and gets 2 boosters ($2 value each) with the potential to get 3 more boosters if you do well enough. Simply getting 1 win gets you an additional booster so that already would put you ahead on base value in addition to keeping the cards you open. In additon, there are multiple rare cards that sell for $1+ and some of the top end cards can go for $20+. If you get lucky enough to snag some of those and sell them on the AH or on the Trade channel you can keep yourself running tournaments for a good while.I have always been a stickler for dropping money into an online game and not having anything to show for it if I stop playing, but since HEX fully supports trading and third party sites if you ever want to cash out your account you can and depending on how much effort you want to put into selling off your collection you could even turn a profit.In the future, HEX has promised to flush the single player experience out into a full multiplayer PvE experience with raids and dungeons for players to team up against. Not sure how far off this is and a number of Kickstarters are salty about the delay (rightly so), but as it stands now I fully recommend HEX as being the only digital TCG out there that has a comprehensive feature set, friendly community (Twitch & Reddit) and enjoyable complex strategic gameplay."
,Recommended,410380,29812731,Posted: 9 February,all,ledeir,"I am a F2P Beta player, and have spent many hours grinding the PVE content to build my collection. I have tried a lot of different card games, and Hex is currently my favorite.GAMEPLAYIf you know how to play MTG, you know how to play Hex. It is your standard “mana” driven TCG. It fully takes advantage of its digital nature, summoning cards from outside your collection, permanently modifying cards, and even completely changing cards in play. This adds a huge layer of strategy as deciding to kill a 1/1 creature by doing one damage or giving it -1/-1 matters when the card remembers its stats even in the discard pile!ECONOMY / COSTThe game has two currencies, Plat (real money) and Gold (in game money). The only time you need Plat is when entering tournaments, everything else can be bought with Gold.The game has an auction house and the ability to trade with other players. It is a true TRADING card game as opposed to a COLLECTIBLE card game. You can turn Gold into Plat by trading with other players or selling cards in the auction house.It is easy to grind Gold, you can challenge the AI in the Arena and get progressively larger rewards for winning (and even if you lose, you keep everything you won up to that point). You also have the campaign which continually rewards money and cards.STABILITY / LAGFor the most part, the game is stable with reasonable performance. When a new release or event begins, the performance may suffer due to the increased load, but the developers usually handle that fairly quickly and increase the capacity. In my time playing, the performance has gotten better over all.A few deck strategies are also particularly taxing on the game, such as spider based decks which create massive amounts of creatures. This can be mildly annoying, but usually isn't game breaking.TOURNAMENTSThere are regularly occurring constructed and sealed tournaments. There are even queues which you can enter and play at your leisure over days instead of playing all at once. Entry fee is inexpensive and winning gets you packs.Constructed - This is your standard tournament. Build a deck and play to win. I avoid this as those who spend money clearly have an advantage.Draft - A fairly well designed mode though there can be a lot of waiting involved. Players draft from a common pool of cards so everyone is on equal ground. The problem is you can have players who simply take the rares for their collection.Sealed - This is my favorite type of mode as everyone starts on equal footing and you keep all the cards. It is particularly fun to play in “Gauntlet” mode as you can play your 3 to 7 games over however long you want, the pool of opponents constantly refreshes.PVE / Adventure ZonesLast but not least is the PVE content. You choose a race and class which grants you special abilities and a starting deck. You then travel the world facing various challenges as you help your faction win a war. You can also hire mercenaries which provide you with even more options.You can play this fairly effectively without spending any money. The opponents are interesting, and there are special PVE cards which are much too powerful or random for PVP games. This also earns you gold which can then be used to buy packs or enter into tournaments.I strongly recommend Hex!"
76561197990877253,Recommended,410380,28225479,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Iona,"Short Review:This is a great TCG with interestingly designed cards and a unique PvE mode that is finally starting to grow into its potential.Detailed review:Hex is a 'full depth' card game with a priority system that allows you to react to almost everything your opponent does with any quick card or power. There is a lot of fun and interesting card design, many of which exploit the digital nature of the game (i.e cards whose effects would be painful to nigh-on impossible to keep track of in a physical card game, but which work fine in a digital space as the client does all the book-keeping for you). A good example of this is a fun deck archetype which can implant large numbers of different types of eggs randomly in the opponents deck, which spawn spiders for you when drawn (or milled).A unique side of the game is the PvE, where you have a character who levels, with various skills to chose which have various effects on your deck, or give you various powers you can use while in battle. You build a deck for your hero, using any of the normal PvP cards and also a wide variety of PvE only cards, which are allowed to have slightly more wild effects. In addition, you can equip your hero, with each equipment improving one specific card in your deck. This allows an incredible variety of deck ideas to be explored, which is one of the most fun aspects for me. Until now this mode has been a little underdeveloped, but is now really starting to take shape with a much larger campaign and the addition of mercenaries. You can choose a party of them to accompany you on your travels and build individual decks for each (utilizing their unique powers), and use either yourself or one of your mercs to play with when trying to beat an encounter.The client has had a few problems in the past, but is pretty solid nowadays. I'd highly recommend this game to any card game fans, but in particular those who enjoy coming up with and trying out new deck ideas as the PvE side provides so many more crazy deckbuilding possibilities."
,Recommended,410380,22654842,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,PLSZ,8/8 would spend money on virtual card again
76561198081281200,Recommended,410380,29638739,Posted: 1 February,all,Kill3R,"Hex is just brilliant TCG - if you have played Magic and you are looking for something that will be on similar complexity level, Hex is exactly the right thing. There is so many deckbuilding options you will be overwhelmed and in PvE campaign you can use equipment that significantly alters your cards and gives you even more options. Additional deckbuilding options are given by Champions, PvE characters or Mercenaries with various game changing abilities. If you love deck building you can be entertained for years.There is also standard Limited with Sealed deck variants and draft.Be careful this is no Hearthstone though, so initial learning curve is quite high and gameplay is quite complex with a lot of stops even during opponents turn. Other players and streamers should help you though! :)As Hex is TCG, getting cards is harder than in other games especially if you are free to play, but your cards do not lose value, can be traded on AH and or even for real money outside the game (plenty of demand if you go down with price).Not to be overly positive there are issues with relatively low speed of development since HXE is small studio with no previous PC game experience and communication with developers is also not stellar.See you in game!"
,Recommended,410380,29749613,Posted: 6 February,all,stardustdragon258,"Amazing game concept and allot of fun. I highly recomend giving it a try.Pros:-Free to play-Campaign mode is beautifully built-Colliseum is a good way to get gold, which you can use on  the auction house to buy cards, armor, and other things you may need from other players-Complex and exciting gameplay-Allowes trading with other playersCons:-Requires real money to enter tournaments."
76561198026610111,Recommended,410380,22699223,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Pedro Ivo,Love this mix of TGC and MMORPG still need the RAIDs but waiting for this
76561198012751313,Recommended,410380,22564654,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,New Mad Hatter,"Bring up the fact that this game is like Magic the Gathering and you will see the chat become a rage... but its nearly identical. This is of course a good thing if you are a fan of Magics mechanics. The game does make use of the fact that it is played over an electronic medium by allowing light card customizing with gem sockets that give your guys buffed effects (so long as you have the mana on board), equipment for versing the AI, and various other effects that simply cannot be done in Magic or physical card games. The game has good graphical polish, with very nice art through out.In terms of this game being Free to Play? you would probably have better luck in Hearthstone. You could def do very well with out ever spending money in the 1 player modes by slowly grinding gold and purchasing powerful commons and uncommons but don't expect to come out a winner in most PvP matches against powerful constructed decks. Further on the note of 1 player mode, there are still some features missing from the game, and some bugs in the Frost Arena mode (buffs not activating).Would I reccomend this game? It totally depends on the type of gamer you are and what you expect to get out of it."
,Recommended,410380,30090058,Posted: 21 February,all,navymonk89,TLDR: 4/5 Recommended but don't expect greatness from turn one.As a life long TCG player I can confidently and strongly recommend this game to people that enjoy Hearthstone and MTG. Anyone else that has played both knows that they are fairly different and this seems to take the best aspects of each.The single player campaign is very fun to play through. The matches range from simple punt the opponent to how the ever loving crap do I beat this. The skill trees are fun to tinker with and the different races feel unique in the game and familiar in mechanic to players of other TCGs.If I were to have any complaints on the game it would be in that it takes a long time of grinding to get a good PvP deck running and that their is no multi-player matches. Please understand for the second one that I mean multiplayer as in 2v2 and/or 3/4 person FFA. There are tournaments you can throw your concepts at and no one deck seems to be the pure winner from my experience.
76561198018848427,Recommended,410380,29511145,Posted: 26 January,all,Kerredai,The surprisingly extensive and enjoyable single-player campaign acts as Hex's greatest differentiator; the best single-player experience you're likely to find in any TCG.
,Recommended,410380,30025435,Posted: 18 February,all,Antics II,"I find it interesting how certified critics seem to rate and review this game very well, yet many Steam reviews negatively review HEX. Just maybe, this is saying that these player reviews don't even review the game, just something related to the game. If I were to ACTUALLY rate the GAME, I would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,410380,30036418,Posted: 19 February,all,Lucky,"This games is very addicting. I never thought an online battle card game could be this fun!Pros: Beautiful graphics. Great story line. More control of your cards during battle. I love how you can advance your character with skill trees and customize your deck and character with socketable cards and sets of gear.Cons: The battle can be a bit tedious at times, especially when you are first starting out. There is not a way to cancel or change your actions before finalizing them (or at least not one that is readily seen).Overall, this is the best card battle game I have played. It is a bit complex and challenging, but the balance of the complexity and story line/game content is well enough that the player stays engaged."
76561198161268717,Recommended,410380,29674509,Posted: 3 February,all,dosily,... just in case I have NOT writen one in the past year .... I highly recommend this game for any one from those new to TCG's and Vet's alike ... fun and challenging .... why are you still reading this?  PLAY it already ... hahaha
76561197997061346,Recommended,410380,29772476,Posted: 7 February,all,TheRectinator,The card gameplay is a blatant ripoff of MTG.  Its a good thing. If you like MTG you might even like this better because its got a much better single player campaign and RPG elements.
,Recommended,410380,29837140,Posted: 10 February,all,Kanye Best,Easily one of the best online TCGs.- Balanced- Great mechanics- Crazy cheap compared to other TCGs- Amazingly well-written
76561197994225729,Recommended,410380,30103383,Posted: 22 February,all,ZOMG LOAF,"Even though it doesn't feel like I've been playing for long, I've sunk 33 hours into this without regrets. I loved MtG, so when Wizards fell flat on their face delivering a meaningful experience there on the PC, and started throwing around litigation against the attempts by fans to make something out of that wreckage, I just sort of thought of card games as dead.I played Hearthstone, but I hate the Warcraft schlock and faux-animu oversaturated art style. With all the fancy magic particle effects gimmicks flying around, cards shaped like balls, etc., it felt like they were trying too hard to make itnota card game at the expense of players who just didn't care.I played and still play Eternal. I love it, the AI is fantastic, the UI is perfect, but something feels like it's missing. There's almosttoo muchpolish, I feel like I'm on rails while playing, and too many games come down to pure chance while the strategy feels as complete as it's going to get.I'll jump straight into Hex then:Pros:Tons of cards. Plenty of room for expansion. They don't appear to be afraid of the balance question, which is a false dichotomy anyway when you can just bring in new content - something Wizards understood with MtG and yes, cashed in on. But the real draw to this is you can build strategies on woobie cards people don't use and don't expect.Campaign mode is fun. The advantages the AI get are tough sometimes, but never impossible with the right deck. The bonuses your character can get feel like substantial bonuses without being game-breaking (well, except maybe for Ranger, hehe)Games can last long enough to work in everything from epic stall strategies to 3-4 turn blitzes. As far as I can see, you will never have a 1-turn win. Maybe that will change as I gain access to more powerful cards.The art is varied and impressive, and gives each faction and race a lot of character. I wouldn't say all of it is fantastic, but overall it's never distracting nor flat ugly.Cons:Mandatory,excruciatinglyslow tutorial mission. Why?WHY?HEX, for gods sake, look at the negative reviews you're getting, look at the number of hour(s) they've played, and put two and two together. If they never get past your tutorial - and really, the game explains itself as you play - maybe you shouldremove the tutorial. Have it something people can come back to. I nearly didn't.AI needs work. Eternal impressed here, this does not. It makes up for its faults by using interesting per-encounter abilities, but there were a few cases where I almost facepalmed at the opponent basically giving me the game by killing a troop I had in play for that purpose.UI is slow and clunky. This was the worst part for me - turns not completing when no one has anything to do, animations playing for too long, every single match opening with that annoying 30-second coin flip. No clear way to cancel targetting or using a card, and sometimes this appears to be different per card. Providing some options to shorten these transitions and cut out some of the glitter would be nice.All that said, Hex is probably something I'm going to be playing for as long as it's alive. It scratches the itch of MtG without the crap that Wizards tried to hoist on older PC gamers. Highly recommended."
76561198014604142,Recommended,410380,29854538,Posted: 11 February,all,jayjay,I played a bit of Magic and Solforge. I've given Hex a try and I really like it so far.
76561198322243998,Recommended,410380,29839259,Posted: 10 February,all,McFrickenNuggets,"It's alright, story kinda boring and unnecessary. Other than that it's fun. But hey, at least they went through the trouble of making a story. GG on that."
76561198304991423,Recommended,410380,29918143,Posted: 14 February,all,Wizard,Fantastic card game!
76561198162035788,Recommended,410380,22686520,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Den Reaper,its realy plase  like magick the gathering
76561198302016536,Not Recommended,410380,30113105,Posted: 22 February,all,dasbrrr,They sell more than they can deliver.  Just an overhyped game with a focus centered more on making players invest money with a mediocre upside at best.
76561198041348334,Not Recommended,410380,29773768,Posted: 7 February,all,Tarphy,"I am on a 1yr old computer running Win10 and this game crashes so often, I couldn't even make it through the entire tutorial. I decided to just load it and try to play a game, but it wouldn't even load. From what I could gather, its a typical TCG but with story background."
,Not Recommended,410380,29886451,Posted: 12 February,all,Kychen,Hmm i have kickstarted this game and wow it sure promised a lot and barely delivered.... not to mention whatever they delivered they did so so so later than promised.... Might give it a go and check some 'new' features but in general there is nothing really exciting here... I have a lot more hours beside Steam as a Kickstarter.
76561198358768833,Not Recommended,410380,29585234,Posted: 30 January,all,Awesome32127,it took me 2 days to download it by the time i played it the mae sucked. it took a minuet to play a card
76561198081334137,Not Recommended,410380,29905698,Posted: 13 February,all,ali,Trailers give you so little detail because..... THERE IS NONE. Do you like hearthstone but think it's too cheap (rofl)? do you enjoy MTG but think it's not complex enough (meh)? Do you enjoy terribel epixel art that if you play on a good pc you want to kill yourself? then this game might be for you.
