user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,410320,24489750,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Moinky,I blew up the city to stop the aliens from blowing up the city
76561198008720262,Recommended,410320,32105159,Posted: 1 June,all,Masterhow,"Some of the most exaggerated and insane battles I've ever played in a video game, I recommend 10/10.Also,The game comes with offline split-screen and offers 89 missions. Lots and lots and lots of content here folks."
,Recommended,410320,24401321,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Mistawankas,"First. If you played Insect Armageddon and hated it. At least try this game, as IA was a terrible game in comparison to the other titles in the series.Simply put this game is amazing. Single player is fun and split screen or online coop is awesome. With a cheesy story and b tier graphics, sound, and pretty much everything, the game still manages to be plain fun to play. Very few other games can be this mindlessly enjoying. Destructible environment and hundreds of enemies on screen at once create a hectic experience that is better to play yourself than watch a video of.Collect new weapons and increase armor across four classes while stomping alien invaders and their bug friends to bits, the only good bug is a dead bug. Each armor pickup gives your class chosen a small bit of armor for the next time you use them. Each weapon pickup has a random chance at one of hundreds of weapons per class you were when you picked it up.  The game allows multiple playthrough by offering harder, faster, stronger enemies as the difficulty is increased, not only by playing later missions but also a selectable difficulty option per each mission.  After obtaining more powerful weapons and increasing armor, you can then take on those harder settings. On those hard difficulties comes higher loot tables for better weapons. Across over more than 80 levels, there is a lot to see and even more to do.With each player class playing different than the next, you are guaranteed to find one that suits you and your playstyle.- An all around Ranger with assault rifles, missles, rockets, shot guns and snipers to name a few. A decent all around character. Has evasive rolls and decent armor. Can select two weapons for a sortie.- A vehicle summoning and air strike calling support infantry Air Raider. Has building sized vehicles, or small tunnel crawling vehicles. Has health fountain support to heal allies and missile guidance support to help kill.  Has claymors, mines and auto turrets. Harder to play than a Ranger, but rewarding and unique. Same evasive rolls and same decent armor as the ranger. Can select two weapons/support at once and one vehicle for a sortie.- A guerilla type high-damage dealing Wing Diver. Using a jet pack and constantly recovering energy supply. You fly in, while managing your energy, deal massive damage and back off to recover. Weapons also use this energy, when you over use it your jet pack fails and weapons can no longer reload until your energy system cools off. Very light armor means certain death when you run out of juice in bug city. Can select two weapons for a sortie.- A Fencer. A high armored walking vehicle-like humanoid suit. Can use incredibly large weapons. Hammers, spears, swords, shields, artillery, missles, etc. Can select two sets of two weapons at once, capable of switching between each set on the fly. The fencer has a jump boost or forward boost depending on his equipped weapon and his armor is unmatched.The opposition ranges from acid spewing black ants. to tough armored red ants that grab you. To flying alien spaceships and wasps. To giant walking robots and walkers. There are plenty more but I won't spoil any of that. Plenty of variety in alien and bug opposition, to keep you always changing your loadout and tactics.There isn't much more to say.After hundreds of hours in the series (100+ on 2025, 100+ on 4.1, 200+ on 2017, 200+ on MA+GDF+EDF2) I will spend hundreds more on this pc version. It runs smooth and is by far the definitive version to play. New to the series or not. It seems to run very well even on lower end hardware (jokingly played it on a Surface Pro 1, and it actually worked at 800x600).  Controllers recommended although mouse and keyboard work fine, I can see the controls are skewed to controller..If I run into any bugs (lel) I will let people know by adding them as comments. As of now I have no complaints, as they have been fixed by the August 4th patch..Oh and one more thing. EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24402336,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Alex,The game's great but there are a lot of bugs.
,Recommended,410320,32717825,Posted: 24 June,all,Taek,Pros:I can kill giant bugs from afar.I can fly over the bugs.I don't necessarily need to be close and personal with the bugs.At least I get to fight robots in the later levels.Cons:Sometimes the bugs get too close.Like really close.Like to the point where you can see their gross legs and mandibles.So I just close my eyes and shoot blindly.Overall:The game is pretty fun.  I just have a personal issue with interacting with any insectoid looking thing.
76561198060413144,Recommended,410320,28620804,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Glitch,you level cities to save cities from insects trying to level cities
,Recommended,410320,24426259,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Espio0{CT},The only game where it is acceptable to blow up your entire neighborhood because there was a spider on your wall.
,Recommended,410320,24440654,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Tobias,Get the full experience of living in australia without being robbed by meth heads
,Recommended,410320,24617363,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DocHobo,I fly around as an anime girl shooting giant bugs with a laser chainsaw while my friends call in giant tanks and massive airstrikes and then I got in a skyscraper sized gundam and punched godzilla in the face.  Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is the most fun I've had with a video game in ages
76561198007622141,Recommended,410320,24469587,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,fat4eyes,Serious Sam if it was made by Japanese people. With Michael Bay. As they were watching Pacific Rim. While on crack.This game is awesome.EDF!! EDF!!
,Recommended,410320,24492117,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,DrunkenScoper,"This game is amazing fun. If you want to compare it to something, mix Dynasty Warriors, Starship Troopers, Pacific Rim, and all the old Toho Godzilla franchise movies into a blender with a dash of Helldivers. The buildings are all destructable, all four classes are fun to play, and it gets really intense in co-op.During one of the tunnel operations my team and I killed so many bugs we couldn't advance until their corpses started to de-spawn. The tunnel was packed floor to ceiling with a solid plug of corpses, and we could hear more of the enemy trying to dig through them.10/10 would recommend again."
,Recommended,410320,25391203,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"Imagine a mix between starship troopers, war of the worlds, and hints of pacific rim.Now imagine it's a 90+ episode anime.Now this anime gets turned into a hilariously fun 3rd-person shooter game, with coop, 4 uniquely fun character classes, and 900+ unlockable weapons.Oh, and it's also been dubbed over using a script that was translated by google, and gives you access to a fairly advanced sound board as a means of communications (voip available too).It's good. It's fun. It's worth your money."
,Recommended,410320,26676264,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Huffman Dickings,"Young people all over the globe are joining up to fight for the future!I'M DOING MY PART.I'M DOING MY PART.I'M DOING MY PART.They're doing their part... ARE YOU?!Join the Earth Defense Force and SAVE THE WORLD! Service guarantees citizenship.Out of the ashes of Neo Tokyo first comes sorrow.. then, anger!THE ONLY GOOD BUG IS A DEAD BUG.We must meet the threat with our valor, our blood, indeed with our very lives to insure that HUMAN CIVILIZATION - not insect - DOMINATES THIS GALAXY NOW AND ALWAYS!Everyone is doing their part... are YOU!? The war effort needs YOUR effort: at work, at home, in your community.We have the ships.We have the weapons.We NEED SOLDIERS.WE NEED YOU ALL.JOIN TODAY! SERVICE GUARANTEES CITIZENSHIP."
,Recommended,410320,24401601,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kordesh,"EDF?!Seriously though, the quickest of rundowns:If you're only familiar with the other EDF game on Steam (Insect Armageddon) IGNORE EVERYTHING ABOUT WHAT YOU KNOW OF THAT GAME. Nearly every other EDF game before and since has been better than that mistake so don't let that run you off of this one.Regarding the port:- Graphics options are fairly limited. Resolution setting, AA, and that's more or less it.- It runs smoother than any EDF game has a right to. (Reference: 8GB RAM, i5-469K, Geforce 970 at 1920x1080) It has been perfectly smooth with all the usual EDF nonsense on screen.- Controller support and mouse and keyboard support appear to be solid. I personally started with a DS4 so I didn't check for things like remapping but overall it seemed to be a pretty straightforward keyboard/mouse setup for third person shooting.- All the usual dumb fun of shooting at, blowing up, and otherwise destroying giant bugs, critters, robots, space thinigies, feeler doodads, and things ragdolling all over the place still remains.- Can confirm chanting EDF works (very important).So far so good.Now that that's out of the way...EDF, EDF!, EDF!!!, E D F!"
,Recommended,410320,32736530,Posted: 24 June,all,H.EXE,"Much like Goat Simulator, the bugs in this game are a feature."
,Recommended,410320,32062941,Posted: 30 May,all,uncolober,"+ Different classes play really differently.+ The sheer scale and variety of what the game actually offers is almost unbelievable to newcomers.+ Multiplayer is great.+ Split freaking screen multiplayer is there too.+ Online is also great (although there may be problems for everyone if some players have really old hardware).+ EE DEE EFF! EE DEE EFF!~ Hardest modes are ""balanced"" to be almost impossible with low level characters and equipment. As a result, sometimes it feels that you're not getting better at the game but are simply getting stronger guns. Wait a second, no, it's actually still great.~ Some missions drag a bit too long. Some other missions are a tad underwhelming due to low production values, like the first godzilla appearance—ha ha, kidding, they're all freaking great.- Wing Diver is more viable in the majority of situations, so picking other classes sometimes feels like handicapping yourself on purpose rather than making a tactical choice. But I hope you didn't take that seriously, because wing diver is waifu andamazing.- Fencer is different and interesting, but can be a bit of a chore to play.Not. Fencers are the best and, indeed, the only ones who truly are able to save our mother Earth from any alien attack from vicious giant insects who have once again come back."
,Recommended,410320,24418043,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,[MM] WMan22,"Ever wonder what sex is like in video game form?This game has the answer.-On mission with literally hundreds of ships attacking my best friend and I on harder difficulty-He's playing a wing diver, I'm playing air raider-We're playing random hype music playlists on youtube, Bonnie Tyler - Holding Out For a Hero is on-We're getting our♥♥♥♥♥♥wrecked, we have like 20 health left collectively-My mobile fortresshttps://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/1061472/edf_41_ps4_009.0.jpgis FINALLY available to drop into battle at the last second, just when we're about to die (It has like a 5 minute wind up time)-As it drops down, a cacophany of ship explosions happen, leveling 2 buildings in the process as they are crushed under the might of superior EDF ordinance-By pure chance, Eye of the Tiger is next on the random youtube autoplay playlist, and it starts just as I punch 10 ships out of the sky in one punch and justLAY WASTEto the rest of the ships in true kaiju fashion-Friend and I are literally screaming in excitement at the screen loudly enough to wake my neighbors as this spectacle of pure ♥♥♥♥ing clutch and chaos ensues-Win mission-Get very high level weapons-High five my friend as we're coming down from one of the biggest gaming highs we've ever experiencedThis is a moment in my gaming history that I will never forget for as long as I live. It was one of the most awesome things I have experienced in relation to video games in over a ♥♥♥♥ing decade.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llkWz4OBfX4http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=728604138"
,Recommended,410320,25125396,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Enron Hubbard,"PREREQUISITES(1) A friend or two or three(2) A healthy sense of humour and taste for the absurd(3) A juvenile appreciation of titanic explosions, godzilla-scale destruction and B-moviesEDF is one of the most entrancing yet mystifying series in all of video games. A mechanical analysis of the game would center around its most prominent 'flaws':- 80 missions with no coherent context, featuring similar city-scape sandboxes and nonsensical underground burrows- Glitchy physics where giant bugs are propelled across the sky by your explosive weapons- Hundreds of unlockable weapons and vehicles, many of which are broken to the point of being useless- Voice tracks of screaming soldiers and moronic scientists that have no correlation to what's happening on screenAn analysis of systems and function would pronounce this game a dismal failure, and leave it there.But only someone with no joy in their soul could miss the forrest for the trees and misdiagnose this game as anything other than a spectacular success. Every glitchy giant ant that you propel into the stratosphere is cause for mad giggling. Every weapon unlock is a thrilling lottery - you might find an orbital ion cannon painter that vaporises swarms of bugs, or you might be gifted a hilariously useless assault rifle that sprays two lines in a horizontal V pattern. Your vehicle unlock could be a colossal megazord mech that punches the freak out of elastic Michelin man alien robots, or it could be a motorbike with a side-car featuring the worst turning of anything ever coded. But in the spirit of mad experimentation, you'll jump into it anyway with your friends, and barrel into swarms of hopping tarantulas, cackling like maniacs.Somehow you'll survive, with the city you've been entrusted to save now just flattened rubble. All civilians massacred. Your commanders over radio will declare your mission an unqualified triumph, and you will be whisked off to your next mission. Alien orb motherships loom ominously in the sky, dropships spew streams of ants, moronic attack drone swarms bumble and richochet off buildings as they attempt to strafe you with lazer globs. But you will hang your head high, knowing that you have nothing to fear. You are the EDF - the finest Earth has to offer against the alien menace. And you will emerge victorious.Play this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561197983367080,Recommended,410320,32745395,Posted: 24 June,all,Mr. Spongecake,"This game is so stupid.The voice acting is garbage, the dialogue is garbage (""The giant insects have been underground this whole time. Does this mean we've been living above them???""), The story is garbage.But I love it. I love all of it. This game is so stupid and I love it.Gameplay is a blast. Giving you four different soldier classes with tons of different weapon options to use to tackle missions gives a lot of replayability to the game. I've only played up to the 5th mission but from what I've played there's generally a ton of enemies on the field at any given time. The game is challenging but it doesn't feel unfairly so. If you support your team (even the dumb-as-bricks AI) you should be able to come through the mission no problem.I haven't tried online gameplay just yet but I do so look forward to giving that a try.I don't know if this game is worth the normal $50 price tag to me (I got my copy on sale for $30) but I don't doubt it will give fans of Starship Troopers or people that like mowing down scores of enemies a fun time."
,Recommended,410320,24447611,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Loki,Sees last ant on top of skyscraperCalls in artillary strike on itDestroys entire city blockEDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198066673957,Recommended,410320,24638992,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Epic Murph,"Game crashed, asked me if I want to debug.I WAS ALREADY DEBUGGING"
,Recommended,410320,24632280,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Upy-Shoe,"It has giant bees, giant robots, and a giant heart. This game was made with love, and it shows."
,Recommended,410320,24501673,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Oskulock,"This is literally the best Gantz video game ever made, if only it had more boobs it'd be perfect.+ Ridiculous amount of content for the price. (98 missions and 6 difficulty options.)+ 800 different weapons and their variations.+ Over 30 different enemies.+ 4 Classes (Ranger, Wing Diver, Air Raider and Fencer.)+ Entirely focused on gameplay, ditch the story out of the window because this one is all about killing stuff.)+ Supports single-player, 2 player splitscreen and 2-4 player online coop. (Online netcode is really good.)+ Mouse & Keyboard controls work well, no mouse acceleration or anything like that.+ Runs mostly at 1080p/60fps with the recommended system requirements. (Although when you have 4 Air Raiders in online coop and all of them launch airstrikes at the same time you're going to be in for a pretty bad time. :D)+ You can pilot a mile high mech and punch a Chinese Godzilla ripoff in the face.- The game is hard locked at 60fps, unless someone fixes this it's gonna stay as a negative.- Very limited graphic options, you can basically only choose between the resolution and having the game in fullscreen or not.- If you like to have a good story in your game then DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME! STAY FAR AWAY! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!I honestly can't figure any more negatives about the game. Even my girlfriend who isn't huge into gaming absolutely loved playing this for over two hours in splitscreen. If you like killing stuff and games purely about gameplay then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,410320,28643338,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hououin Kyouma,"*clears throat*1.To save our mother earth from any alien attack,From vicious giant insects who have once again come back,We'll unleash all our forces, we won't cut them any slack!The EDF Deploys!2.Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe navy launches ships, the air force sends their jets!And nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF Deploys!3.Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF Deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,24666194,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mister Metokur,"I was worried that the last good EDF experience I was going to have would be 2017 back on the Xbox 360.  With the garbage fire that was Insect Armageddon I thought the series was going to run into issues with outsourcing that would leave it dead and ruined.  Once 2025 hit I had hope that maybe that wouldn't be the case after all but issues surrouding screen tearing and frame rate drops made me hold off on picking it up.  Now we have the port of the remaster of that title and it's just as good as what I remember playing back in the day.For those that haven't played the series imagine a 1950s sci-fi movie combined with an arcade game and you basically have what gives EDF its appeal.  You're placed smack dab in the middle of an alien invasion by robots, insects, kaiju, and space ships and it's as amazing as it sounds.  Nothing beats the feeling of trying to murder giant ants while you ""accidentally"" level an entire city.With 89 levels, 4 classes, 5 difficulties, 100s of weapons, online and split screen co-op this is the type of game that will end up eating a lot of your time.  I've already put in 20 hours (15 in single player and 5 in online multiplayer) and I'm nowhere near being worn out on it.  I know that some may feel hesitant about picking up a title like this based on the way it looks coupled with the price it is asking but I'd recommend watching some gameplay videos of it on Youtube to help get the idea of what it really is offering.For those that played 2017 and loved it this follows in its footsteps faithfully.  Tons of fun and well worth the price.  There have been some having issues with running it on certain hardware configurations so I'd also recommend looking on the forums first to see if you'll encounter those issues, what workarounds exist, and when the devs have had a chance to fix any of the problems.  I'm using an i5 and 970 and the game has run flawlessly for me.."
,Recommended,410320,24583407,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Super Fight Man,OUR COMPUTERS CAN DOTHISWHY HAVE WE NOT MADE THEM DO THIS EARLIERWHY IS THIS NOT THE ONLY THING WE MAKE THEM DO
76561197975015916,Recommended,410320,33690652,Posted: 21 July,all,Strix,"Possibly the greatest game series of all time, and it deserves way more publicity than it gets. Most AAA developers would probably focus their efforts on general polish, idiot-proofing everything, and crafting a balanced, finely engineered, and extremely bland experience. These guys have their priorities straight: hundreds of weapons, swarms of enemies, and complete mayhem. Many of the weapons are unusably bad, but taking a new gun into a fight and discovering it only shoots sideways is part of the fun. And despite all the chaos and laughs, skill and strategy really count. You will sometimes find a map is absurdly difficult until you coordinate with your teammates and change tactics. This is as good as co-op gets."
76561198137646937,Recommended,410320,30394173,Posted: 8 March,all,Taffer,"Do you like having fun?Even want to just have fun?No concern for a beautiful story, graphics, or any logic, just have fun?Buy this game.Jumping on top of a 50ft building to mow down hundreds of giant ants, only to have a swarm of flying ships surround you on all sides, only to get batted down as you boost straife away firing flak and piercing the sky with a pneumatic spear doding all their lasers , pausing briefly to leap 100 feet in the air and mow them down from within with duel miniguns, is some of the most fun I have ever had. And things only get crazier from here.Ugly graphics are quickly forgotten as you choose the weapons perfect for each level, before jumping into the frey and having a blast. Do anything from playing on easy just to relax, enjoy some chaos, and feel like a god, to playing on inferno for some of the most difficult challenges of your life. Coop only enhances things that much more.Not necessarily perfect, but I'm not understating anything when I say that it doesn't have to be. This game is just a blast. Have a friend over and play some split screen, play alone and go through the campaign, with each difficulty level adding something new so that replayability is 100%, try all the different classes, each one offering a unique, and awesome experience.Just get this game. It's so much fun the most callous of humans would light up with glee by the third level."
,Recommended,410320,24401665,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Blue Jean V. Debs,TO SAVE OUR MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACKFROM VICIOUS GIANT INSECTS WHO HAVE ONCE AGAIN COME BACKWE'LL UNLEASH ALL OUR FORCES WE WON'T CUT THEM ANY SLACKTHE PC PORT IS GOOD!
76561197997475375,Recommended,410320,24871839,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Old Gus,"This is the self-aware B-movie of videogames that knows you are here to blow things up and watch them spout pretty colors.It's what happens when Tremors, Godzilla, War of the Worlds, and Cloverfield have a slew of babies, send them to a special preschool in Japan, and forget about them, allowing Lollipop Chainsaw and Moe Michael Bay to become their teachers.This game took one look at the Mass Effect series, and said ""Why you gotta be so serious?"" before tap-dancing on the doomsday switchboard.This game attempts to answer the question of when its ok to use weapons of mass destruction in the most ridiculous way possible, and knows it.  And subsequently makes Harry Kissenger cry.It is the one case where the best option of saving friends under fire is by first exploding them and everything else in 10 city blocks.It is Left 4 Dead with cute enemies, more catharsis, and co-op play that will leave you screaming for more fireworks.It is a bullet-hell game where you and 3 friends make the hell with your bullets.In short... BUGS!!!! ROBOTS!!! ALIENS!!!! MONSTERS!!!!  BOOOOOM!!! KSHKSHKSHKSHKSHKSHK!!! BANG BANG BWOOOOOOOF!!!"
76561197991484333,Recommended,410320,24792714,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Friendly Dad,https://youtu.be/HRqxc8ewnC4
,Recommended,410320,31966667,Posted: 25 May,all,Omnius,"To save our Mother Earth from any alien attack!From vicious giant insects who have once again come back!We'll unleash all our forces, we won't cut them any slack!The EDF deploys!"
76561198024439400,Recommended,410320,28011832,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hazard,"There are two series of games that have instantly enthralled me with their character. Those series areMonster HunterandEDFNow I know what you must be thinking:""This game is $50 and it's how old? What a rip off! I could get so many tendies with that kind of money!""I know, I thought the same thing. But a few hours of gameplay in and a few nights without tendies taught me that an old game can actually still be worth $50.PerformanceWith most PC games you can usually run a game with minimal issues even if you don't meet the minimum requirements.Not with this game you can'tEDF isn't famous for destroying consoles for no good reason, the horizon will beblanketedwith enemies, and explosions willcrushweaker machines. I tried to play this game on my laptop and if I was lucky I could get into a game, only for it to crash when♥♥♥♥♥♥really hit the fan.MAKE SURE YOU CAN RUN THE GAME AND YOU'LL BE FINEI have a GTX780 with 16GB of RAM and consistantly run it at 60FPS.My buddies who have weaker PCs than me also have consistant frame rates.Gameplay (multiplayer)Amazing.If you have friends willing to play this with you It's pretty much amust buy.The weapon variety and synergy between the 4 classes bring about a lot of amazing moments in the multiplayer, and even if everyone wants to play the same class, you can make that work too. The scale is huge, the destructability is reminiscent of Mercenaries 2, and every aspect is just over the top. Ever want to drive a baneblade that gets sent backwards through buildings everytime it fires? Well this game has that and a whole bunch more crazy stuff.Also the voice acting is hilarious. Every time an NPC says something me and my friends always can't help but snicker.I should probably also mention that the game is done in ""missions"" that each can take anywhere from a few minutes to roughly a half hour, giving both plenty of missions for drop in quickplay or long hardfought battles.Gameplay (singleplayer)It depends how much you value the style of the game.If you love crazy B-movie story/voice acting/fights a lot then I would say this game is still worth, even if one of the classes aren't very good for singleplayer (Air Raider).However if you're looking for an in-depth third-person shooter with gripping singleplayer then this isn't the game for you, at least not at full price. This game is best played with other people, and there are plenty of pubs.StoryHow much you enjoy the story depends on how much you can appreciate the cheesey style of an alien invasion. The game mixes a lot of cheesey comedy with actual dark themes, such ashaving everyone die.Which is a perfect mix for me. However if you want a very dark and edgy story of doom and gloom then this isn't really for you.Japanese menusHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥the menus are bad.I'm not kidding, they are by far the only downside to this game. It's very clear the developers are new to PC ports.You will have to get used to using the arrow keys a fair bit, as they are really the easiest way to navigate the menu screens without considering taking a 9mm asprin.Conclusion/TL;DRGreat multiplayer gameplayAlright singleplayerCharming character and theme that may or may not be for you. (So bad, it's good!)Awful menus. Menu autists stay away."
,Recommended,410320,25744347,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ErickaUnlimited,"OverviewEarth Defense Force 4.1: The Shadow of New Despair, or more commonly referred to as EDF, is a third person shooter that puts you in the shoes of an unnamed soldier of the Earth Defense Force that is tasked with locating and eradicating giant insects and robots from across the globe. Your mission is simple – kill everything that moves.You’re given four class options before starting: Ranger, Fencer, Wing Diver or Air Raider. Rangers are your typical versatile infantry class, able to equip a variety of guns, sniper rifles, or a plethora of explosives and specialty weapons. Your next option is the Air Raider, a class that has the ability to call in buffs such as shields, turrets, healing modules and heavy armor, such as tanks, helicopters and a slew of different mechanized vehicles. Your third option is the lightly-armored, agile and swift-moving Wing Diver, an all-female crew of airborne infantry that use energy weapons and jetpacks to quickly move about the battlefield. Your final option is the Fencer, EDF’s dual-wielding tank, comprised of thick armor and massive cannons at the expensive of maneuverability.The entirety of the game will pit your class of choice and a handful of NPC AI against hordes of insects, robots, dragons and ships as you battle your way through every level. An improved feature over previous installments is the presents of your AI counterparts, which brings a greater feeling of an army, rather than just you versus the world. Some levels lack a sufficient amount at the expense of a higher difficulty, but overall the game doesn’t feel as void of human life as it once did.There’s not much for plot aside from the simple “save the world” dynamic, set in a cheesy Japanese monster movie environment. I cannot stress this enough:this game is cheesyand it is meant to be. The dialog is ridiculous, over-the-top and for all accounts just plain goofy, but the game knows that and plays it up all too well. I never felt the game suffered from a lack of plot or bad dialog, as I was far too enthralled with the sheer amount of destruction I was causing in every level to really care.While progressing through the level, you’re only real task aside from dishing out death while avoiding it yourself is pickups you get from enemies in the realm of armor and weapons. Armor drops increase your overall character’s “armor” rating, which stands in place of a traditional unit health. Weapon drops give you a random chance of finding a new or upgraded version of a weapon you might already have. However, more often-than-not, you might find yourself with two dozen of the same weapons you already own, which can be rather annoying.This process of grinding is necessary for higher levels and increased difficulty settings, so expect to replay levels to gather extra armor and weapons so you can tackle particularly tricky levels. During my time playing I never felt that grinding was particularly time consuming, nor did it break the momentum of the game either; EDF is just too damn fun so any issues I ran into didn’t damper my enjoyment at all.ProsMultiplayer – Lobbies are easy to set up, join and play in. Very few, if any connection issues.Weaponry – There are weapons; tons and tons of weapons. Some are jokes, some are DPM monsters. All of them add to new and refreshing builds.Replayability – EDF has this in spades and with 146 levels comprised of single/multiplayer and DLC map packs, EDF will keep you coming back for hours to come.The “cheese” factor – This game is cheesy. The NPC’s dialog, your commanding officer’s, the fact that you can sing while being dead, but it all adds up to a hilarious and amusing time saving the world. That’s just EDF’s inner charm.ConsClipping – EDF has issues with enemies [particularly spiders] attacking you through solid objects. This also applies to dead enemies, in which an enemy attack can clip through a dead enemy, but a player’s shot is blocked by the same dead enemy.Vehicle controls – EDF has always had a notorious reputation for stiff and unforgiving vehicle controls. I felt they did a decent job with ground control vehicles, however helicopters are atrocious and feel nearly unplayable.Overall, EDF is a tremendous amount of fun. It’s easy to pick up and play in short bursts, or for long marathons. If you haven’t played any of the past installments, you won’t be missing anything by picking up this title. I highly suggest it if you are even the least bit interested; give it a try. You won’t regret it."
76561197970742992,Recommended,410320,24516924,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,wololo,"1st minute of the game   :""what is this game?""30 minutes later              :""o wow not bad""1 hour later                      :""holy %#$#""tommorow                       :""EDF!!! EDF!!! EEEDDDFFFFFF!!!""THE GOOD+ Destruction everywhere!!!!+ Dozen giant enemies in your screen!!!+ Map is pretty large despite being mission based+ Sense of scale is amazing (spider with size of your house, giant robots, huge spaceship etc while you are just a regular human size)+ Over 500 weapons!!! (divided by your character class)+ Over 50 missions with 4 difficulty+ Simple and solid gameplay, run shoot loot thats it!+ Online mode (4 times the fun)+ Splitscreen+ Solid 60FPS!!!+ May cure your insect phobiaTHE BAD- Somewhat grindy (if you want to collect everything)- Mission based (personal oppinion)- Weapon only drop according to your current class (using ranger? ranger drop only, no other class)- Average graphic (dont expect anything from this one)- Highest difficulty maybe impossible for some people to solo (thus the online mode)- Some people is cheating in online mode (nothing harmful but YOU could endup with high end overpower weapon and buckload of armor thus destroying the fun factor)- May worsen your insect phobiaTHE EH?? where is the english sub? (if you set japanese voice dub)? engrish here and there? lackluster option (its there but nothing advance)8/10 high fun factor and long replay value EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24754643,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Zeddy,"The most videogamey videogame of the decade.In the last decade, that was EDF2017."
,Recommended,410320,30522928,Posted: 15 March,all,Bolshave Klanish,"I will never forget the first time I took down an Erginus (Definitely a Godzilla) while taking control of a Fortress Balam (A literal 'Giant Robot').The sheer size of the mech as it drop down from the sky.The change of view as I stand on a shoulder of a giant.The inertia I felt when it takes the first step.The clunky momentum when swinging my (iron)fist against that lizard and how it stumbled away.(At this part, my inner child is screaming inside my head like a bloody lunatic)The moment I say something so cliche like ""Come on, get up!"" while trying to stand up after the lizard knock us off.At last, the cheer from fellow NPC chanting ""EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!!!!!!"" as we finally smash the beast to the ground.Thank you EDF for the best nostalgic trip I ever had."
,Recommended,410320,24759412,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Dakks,"I've been playing the EDF series since the very first game in 2003.EDF 4.1 is one of the best games ever made when it comes to pure fun, and now it's even better on the PC with a incessant 60 frames per second, a first for the series.If you're new to the series, here's a quick rundown:Giant alien insects and robots/aircraft are invading the earth to exterminate all human life.They are all several magnitudes larger than a tank, and there are an insane number of them. Seriously, there are anywhere between 30 to over 100 enemies in a group at a time.It's up to you, faceless soldier, to destroy them all. It's essentially B-Movie, the game.You've got 98 missions, 800 weapons, 4 classes, and 5 difficulties.About 20 different enemy types including giant ants, spiders, hornets, 30ft tall robots, 50ft tall tripods, and a 300ft tall transformer robot, the Motherships, alien aircraft, and so on.Don't listen to other people when they say the game is a 'mindless shooter.'Sure, it can be on the lower difficulties, and that's fine.But once you try Hardest/Inferno with 4 players online, EDF is far from mindless. Only players with peak reaction speed, communication, situational awareness and tactical planning will succeed.One word of warning, the first 10 missions of the game are slow and not representative of the whole game.The progression starts off small with giant ants and boring weapons.To really understand what EDF is like, you're likely going to have to play way past the 2-hour refund mark to have access to orbital satellite strikes, fight Godzilla, pilot Pacific Rim Jaegers, use laser snipers, napalm grenades and a whole slew of bad♥♥♥♥♥content.It is well worth it.EDF is a testament to the fact that most of the time, the simplest games are the best ones.Nothing since Doom has demonstrated that better than EDF. It's a beloved series, and if you're even slightly interested, you simply owe it to yourself to give it a try.Get this game. There is HUNDREDS of hours of entertainment, especially online with 4 players.Just ask any newcomer to the series and 99% of the time, you'll see their unbridled, quickly attained burning love for it."
,Recommended,410320,26527568,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ReidMorris,"This is one of those games where, on paper, you'd say ""eh, that's not really my thing..."" - it's an arcade-y shooter with middle-of-the-road graphics, B-movie voice acting, painfully literal japanese to english translation, and repetitive missions.HOWEVER, something works with this. It's an amazingly fun, addictive, difficult but fair game. This is my third time buying this game; I bought it on steam after putting 50+ hours on the 360 version, and 30+ on the PS4 version. I've played it over and over again - there are four unique classes to play, and the game changes drastically with whichever you play as, and even which weapons you choose (there are 100+ unlockable weapons/items/tanks/mechs/lasers/ion cannons for each class)."
,Recommended,410320,28534253,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Div,"It’s a chaotic, challenging game with a fun gameplay, bizarre story, highly destructible environments and criminally low sales. You definitely should buy it if you are into: fight with a whole alien army, along hordes of fully dissectible giant insects, slaying the dragons, bringing an AT-AT style quadruped fortress to its knees, blowing up a Death Star inspired alien mothership out of the sky, punching “Godzilla” in the face, stir up the 50-story hornet nest and then evaporate it with a satellite blaster strike, performing a regicide of Queen of the Ants right in her chambers, challenging King of Spiders, Death Queen, and Dragon King, sometimes all at the same time.EDF is one of the best games for co-op play out there, it shines the most with 4 friends playing and coordinating their actions. You definitely should buy it, if you are into killing thousands of giant insects (solo or with friends) that want to conquer the Earth and destroy humanity.You can de describe this game as ""Destroy the Earth to stop aliens from destroying the Earth!""Gameplay has a very simple formula: you're a soldier (solo or part of co-op squad) and your task is to kill every alien invader on the map.But with fully destructible city environment, fully dissectible insects (given enough firepower) and means of destruction like plasma cannons, laser lances and laser chainsaws, thunderbolt shotguns, bazookas, rotary grenade launchers, high-caliber sniper rifles, powerful shoguns, rocket turrets, landmines, carpet bombings, artillery strikes, ballistic missiles, self-propelled railguns, mechs of various sizes, and a possibility to call an orbital blaster strike, you can't help yourself but smile with each new gib flying around and each piece of city’s' architectural heritage tumbling down. And if you like to get close and  personal, put on the power frame and double-wield Gatling guns, or arm cannons, put a martyr or a guided missile launchers on your shoulders,  slide through hordes of your enemies on the wave from your vibro-hammer, slice them expertly with a force-field blade and deflect their attacks right into their faces with a trusty shield, all while dashing on your rocket boosters like crazy (dash cancelling technique required).There are four available classes in the game:Wing diver — very low armor, fast speed, high damage, can fly, but dies fast. She is swift and deadly glass cannon, emergency support, that can fly from one side of a map to another in a moment or die in a second if you don't know what you're doing;Ranger — medium armor, medium speed, medium damage, can't fly, but can drive vehicles. Effective in almost any battle situation;Air raider — medium armor, medium speed. It's difficult for him to fight regular enemies due to lack of proper equipment, but he gives hell to powerful ones. Can call for devastating support strikes and order vehicles for delivery to battlefield. Can drive. Dies fast if you don't know what to do or if your teammates don't care about you;Fencer — heavy armor, either fast as bullet (with dash cancelling) or slow as a sloth taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥(without dash cancelling). Also heavy damage. His main purpose is to get really close and personal with an overwhelming / overpowering enemy, he also usually has enough armor capacity to recover fallen team members over and over (not from the start of the game, though). The only class capable of melee combat;The game also has a story, which takes it's inspiration from classic alien invasion / monster rampage movies. It's delivered properly, without taking you off of gameplay and doesn't overstay it's welcome. This story mainly supports quick pacing escalation: from small packs of your regular giant enemy ants, to the alien long-range artillery robots covering overwhelming swarms of whatever alien genetic and technical engineers came up with this time. They can get really creative at times.EDF offers 98 online (or 89 offline) missions in main campaign, and 22 + 23 missions via DLCs, so you'll have plenty of gameplay to experience most part of alien invasion situations you have imagined.Forget the zombie apocalypse; it’s time to repel an alien invasion!P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
,Recommended,410320,24446312,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Luna,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attack,From vicious giant insects who have once again come back,We'll unleash all our forces! We won't cut them any slack!The EDF deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their JetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,31263015,Posted: 20 April,all,Peg Pelvis Pete,"TO SAVE OUR MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACKFROM VISIOUS GIANT INSECTS WHO HAVE ONCE AGAIN COME BACKWE'LL UNLEASH ALL OUR FORCES, WE WONT CUT THEM ANY SLACKTHE E.D.F. DEPLOOOOOOOOOOOYS!"
76561198040776446,Recommended,410320,24423040,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Uncle Stoopnixie,Don't buy this game if you hate video games.
76561198055394667,Recommended,410320,25875487,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Poisoned Salami,"I thought ""There's no way this can be worth $60.""I was wrong."
76561197970332549,Recommended,410320,24476247,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Morag,Dynasty Warriors meets Starship Troopers with giant robots on acid.
76561198122055878,Recommended,410320,34495845,Posted: 25 August,all,Kori_Kitsune,A low budget game that is hours upon hours of fun to entertain you unlike all the high budget games hardly capable of being fun for an hour.
76561197993347183,Recommended,410320,34239522,Posted: 14 August,all,Youma,There's a minigun where each barrel is another minigun...You can have one in each hand...11/10
76561198008307996,Recommended,410320,24478936,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Three60mania,"playing air raiderrequest helicopter, place claymores on rotor blades. they actully stuck.fly towards giant ants, smashing into every building on the way.claymore laser detects enemies, starts to detonate.thanks to being on the rotor blades the claymoresexplode facing backwardskilling my team insted.EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,32888901,Posted: 27 June,all,Böpë Doïï,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24756784,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sir Pooty Poot,"A absolutely great and satisfying game, you got massive hordes of enemies, a HUGE amount of weapons, 4 playable classes, a ton of missions...and so much more! It's great, go get it!"
,Recommended,410320,24420748,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sololoso,"I was skeptical about EDF when I first booted this game up. ""Okay,"" I thought, ""killing giant bugs by the boatload could be fun."" Then I discovered how large the maps were. ""Killing giant bugs by the boatload in a giant city, nice!"" Then I found the Fencer class. ""Killing giant bugs by the boatload in a giant city while wearing power armor! Sweeet!"" Then I found the Fencer's vibro-hammer and shoulder-mounted mortar.I am become Death, destroyer of worlds. I mean bugs. Destroyer of bugs.(8/10 - 9/10 on release, one point loss due to the visuals not aging so well. Great game though.)"
76561198009531968,Recommended,410320,34635134,Posted: 31 August,all,799,"EDF is most ""game"" that game can ever be, it does not care about real world problems. only thing it cares is about making game a game. I play mostly Air Raider. switch is fun as hell, you can be squads personal insane engineer that tries out new experiments on battlefield for enemies and selfs utter destruction.Heres some of my discoveries:- Plant turrets top of turret that is on turret that is on tank.- Turrets wont care about your sense of laws of physics what to shoot.- Limpet guns are weak on higher difficulties, but decent lower difficulties.- Put normal claymores to walls to point upwards for AA Defense.- Like turrets Claymores wont care about ur sense of direction when u plant them on vehicles.- Put turrets on ambulance and be agressive pacifist.- Drive a vehicle on running shield carrier and become satellite.- Enemy robots know how to dance when faced with enough kinetic force.- Fill your slots with C-4 and take helicopter. drop to gozillas neck and plant them all.- Dont even try dogfighting with red bees.- You can enjoy great view of japanese city from dragons mouth.- 150mm Airstrike cannon is fastest way to get assumed to be spam cheater.- You can lift railgun trough roof and shoot enemies. or plant railguns tip with turrets and lift the gun trough roof and activate turrets- EDF Is PvP game after ""mission complete""- Buy dlc and see some green stuff and die.- Two words of ultimate destruction: ...Buster...Lord...- If you see something silver that jumps,  you will be ""threated"" badly.- If you manage master helicopter controls in this game you should consider joining real world airforces.- Free laser therapy engame maps.- You learn to sing a lot when youre dead.- If bug has not dismembered its limbs. shoot twice. check again."
,Recommended,410320,30866201,Posted: 31 March,all,Spooky Skeleton Nightstar,"This is every Humanity video game trope in existance in one game. If you find yourself enjoying playing humans in other sci-fi or fantasy games you'll love this.Tropes you may like include-More Dakka-Macross Missile Massacre-Gatling Good-Our Weapons Will Be Boxy in the Future-Powered  Armor-Tank Goodness-Humongous Mecha-Jet Pack....among others.On the other hand, if you're a xeno-loving heretic scum you'll love getting shafted by the Ravagers arsenal of-Beam Spam-Kaiju-Zerg Rush-Ray GunsMake them regret being alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Highly Recommended."
76561197962752811,Recommended,410320,34078966,Posted: 7 August,all,N1blett,"""Gimme the nuke""""You trying to be a hero, Watkins?""""Just trying to kill some bugs, sir.""""No-one here in the AQZ knows exactly when the invasion of Klendathu will occur. But everyone's talking about it, and the talk says ""tomorrow"".""""They're doing their part. Are you?Join the Mobile Infantry and save the world.Service guarantees citizenship."""
,Recommended,410320,25246289,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Grim,I blew up the city to stop the aliens from blowing up the city
,Recommended,410320,24420891,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,kileak,"Dear Diary,Today was my first day in EDF.I was nervous because I have never shot a single gun before in my life, and all I ever wanted to be was to be an COBOL software engineer in a bank where I could have a steady job, a pretty wife, cute kids, and a fluffy pet Pomeranian. Unfortunately the giant ants came, and destroyed the city square where I was applying for a job, took my childhood crush away, and ate all the dogs in town.With nowhere else to go, I went to sign up for EDF because I heard they give free packets of dried tropical fruits, in which papaya, pineapple, cempedak, and durians are my favorite. I used to eat them when I was a kid, and it would bring back childhood memories of squatting in the back of my dad's farm while flipping through his stash of pornographic memories (mammaries! ha ha ha!).They gave me a free officer's welcome on my first day! Although it was a video on Youtube, I felt really special because they greeted us with warmth and care, and I never felt so important in my life before. We were given DVDs each to watch for weapons training, but since my DVD player is broke due to me rewinding to the special moments of Basic Instinct, I crashed my newly found EDF buddies place to have a ""Weapons Training Party"". We even got NERF guns to follow along with the instructional video, which I highly recommend, as it really made us feel like we were part of EDF!I noticed that the EDF folks are really fond of yelling EDF! EDF! and I can see why. E, D and F are the easiest alphabets to read out loud in public, and the cheering of Walking Fortress BALAM while it stomped past the troops (sometimes killing some of us, but that's a small price to pay for something as awesome as BALAM). I practiced this day and night, when eating the tropical fruits, when brushing my teeth, when taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥in the loo, before I went to sleep, when talking to random girls in the bar (girls really dig the alphabets E, D and F by the way).On the second week, we were deployed to secure the very city square that I applied for my job!!! Needless to say, I was pumped, because I really wanted to get back my USB drive containing all my special memories (mammaries! ha ha ha!) collection that I borrowed to the boss because he said that he doesn't get much sex at home due to all the weird sounds the giant ants make. The officer was really friendly, and he gave us some really sound advice : ""CHARGE FORWARD FOR THE PRIDE OF EDF!!!! PICK UP AMMO OFF YOUR FRIEND'S DEAD BODIES!!!""I got so pumped that I started practicing my special roll skill that was taught in the instructional video. With enough practice and work out, I have toned my body from man-mammaries to iron manbuns, and whenever I roll into small objects, they get destroyed now! How awesome I am, ha ha ha!Anyway, the giant ants came, and they brought their entire family tree with them. I could tell that they brought their aunts/uncles/grandmothers/first cousin once removed/sister in law/second cousin in law once removed to the fight, but man, I pity them. If they faced any other defense force (like the Fire Defense Force, Waifu Defense Force, Mars Defense Force), they might stand a chance, but no. They faced us, the EDF!I think I saw my new friend Bob get eaten by a giant ant but I was so caught up in the moment that couldn't help but shout EDF! EDF! EDF! while Bob became kebab by burning in the flames for the giant ants. Apart from Bob (I miss you Bob), we mowed them down with our so powerful arsenal of devastating rocket launchers, limpet guns, pistols and tropical fruits that they called out their friends, the Spiders!I am scared of spiders ever since that day I was spanking my dolphin in the small cabin where I used to live when I was young, and one of them crawled onto my man-bone. I almost cried like a little girl when I saw the giant spiders but surprise! EDF has a spider mech of our own!!! Bob's brother in law came into action with one of them new spider mechs and blasted all the giant spiders to bits!!!I wish I could write more but I think it's time to sweep the streets (I brought my own broom today!) to clear up the alien gibs.TTYL Diary!"
,Recommended,410320,32945886,Posted: 28 June,all,Corey,I think im a bigger threat to the city than the bugs are.
,Recommended,410320,29661959,Posted: 2 February,all,Λғғєҡs,"Best of the best when it comes to self aware games, it is basically Starship Troopers the game."
,Recommended,410320,31432239,Posted: 28 April,all,Superscooter,"On one hand, it's an absolute grindfest - a test in repetition and how well the individual can handle such a thing. On the other hand, you shoot and blow up gigantic bugs, robots, spaceships, UFO's and kaiju. Recommended to play with friends. If you don't, know beforehand that Air Raider is useless in single player.I really just summarized the whole game."
76561198006294884,Recommended,410320,24451898,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ZeroSum716,"Swarms of hideous insectoid beasts numbering in the hundreds, dropping from the sky in an unholy rain from vast alien battleships that blot out the sky. Explosions erupting everywhere as whole city blocks are leveled to stem the onslaught.Not a single noticeable drop in framerate.This game is the prime example of a console to PC port done right.And it. Is. Glorious."
,Recommended,410320,24457349,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,sd-KSed,Japanese Michael Bay Simulator 2016
,Recommended,410320,29073506,Posted: 6 January,all,Tom',This game makes me fundamentally happy everytime I play it.
,Recommended,410320,30569801,Posted: 17 March,all,[TAW] CanadianZebra,"Oh Boy where to start with this game. The vehicle controls are terrible and it is probally easier to fly a helicopter in real life than this game, the story is barely exisiting with bad voice acting and The graphics arn't terrible but not next gen (graphics don't really matter for me).However This game is what games should be, stupidly fun. You can play 4 different classes on 89 different missions with 5 different difficulties with 800 weapons. You fight everything from bugs to giant death robots to fricken Godzillas. You go doing missions in different enviroments with a suprisingly amount of variety. I first thought this game would just get repetitive but it doesn't, it keeps a great amount of variety in every mission with new enemies, new places and new objectives. Oh and also practically every building is destructable. Level the city with giant mortars, Call in a giant pacific Rim mech and punch buildings and crushing homes WHILE FIGHTING GODZILLA. This game is also pretty challenging and not a walk in the park game, later missions require strategy especially if you are playing solo. I highly recommend picking this game up with friends though because Co op is way more fun than solo. If you wanna spend countless hours in a game with co op friends and have a insane amount of fun, buy this game. Full price is worth the amount of things in this game."
,Recommended,410320,25058966,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,☣Chaos☣,"Scientist - The data indicates that the giant insects have gotten stronger, but don't worry so have we. You can definitely defeat the giant insects.Soldier - The data was wrong! The giant insects are way tougher! We definitely can't defeat them!The final evolution of giant insects... Dragons!!!They walk wherever they want. They wouldn't even flinch at bad roads!Progress faster than science is impossible!Why did you get married? - For justice!"
,Recommended,410320,29974706,Posted: 16 February,all,<N0hva/>,Send Help.*Teamate has requested an air strike*~5 seconds later~*looks up*NOTTHATMUCHHELP*entire team and enemy force dies with the force of an explosion big enough too sink the entire state of California into the ocean**bright red and yellow screen**game crashes*9000/10 would overkill again
76561197988891317,Recommended,410320,25486141,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ZeroGravitas,More bugs than the entire Bethesda back catalogue.
,Recommended,410320,24655875,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Scopedog,"As Spinal Tap said, there’s a thin line between clever and stupid.It is not clear which side of the line Earth Defense Force falls, or whether it deftly straddles the line before falling on it’s head. EDF has the beating, unconvincing latex and ketchup heart of a B movie, and every component of the game is below par. The graphics would have been primitive ten years ago, and the animation truly needs to be seen to believed – a jumbled mess of spazzy death animations and clipping errors, assuming the enemies get that far and don’t just vibrate repeatedly against a poorly rendered tree for the whole battle. To the game’s credit, nearly every structure in the game can be destroyed, and the buildings fall apart with all the force, dynamism and realism of a Styrofoam jenga tower.And yet, it all works. The extraordinary level of jank on display is entirely in keeping with its B-movie inspirations. The terrible voice acting is absolutely spot on in both languages – every actor sounds like they’re reading their lines for the first time with a mixture of confusion and disbelief, and every line has only the most tangential relation to the last. It sounds like a conversation between two concussion victims, and it is glorious.The game itself has been described as Dynasty Warriors with giant insects, and that’s a pretty on point comparison. Whatever the mission claims to be, you have one objective – kill all the red blobs on the radar. There is a surprisingly excellent variety in enemies, even with the inevitable palette swaps, and despite the jank the controls are responsive and tight. The four classes have admirable variety as well, from the nimble jetpack enabled wingdiver (taking to the air sans breastplate and trousers, ostensibly to reduce weight) to the vehicle summoning support class air raider. There’s a huge variety of weapons available to each class as well, and in co-op building a balanced team is key to survival.Whether or not I can recommend EDF to you will depend on your circumstances. As a single player, EDF is enjoyable but repetitive and lonely, and the difficulty is very uneven with some enemies being a breeze for one class whilst being a nightmare for others. It’s obviously built for co-op, and this is where it’s manic gameplay shines – getting one shot by a superlaser 90% through a mission is annoying but hilarious when a friend can drive over and revive you, but utterly infuriating in single player. The class based gameplay and ridiculous excess are at their best when enjoyed with inebriated friends, a playable Mystery Science Theatre where the enjoyment comes both because of and in spite of its budget and limitations.Unfortunately on the PC version at least, the game is plagued by cheating, and cheating players can permanently screw up your save file. The cheating is so ubiquitous that I cannot recommend playing with randoms if this is your only multiplayer avenue. With a friend or three and a suitable level of intoxication/brain damage however, the game is a blast and absolutely worth the surprisingly hefty outlay – but this is not a situation that everyone is lucky enough to be in."
,Recommended,410320,28229277,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,skeeter boy,The fact that this is an EDF game with a better framerate is enough of a reason to buy this game.
76561198025116262,Recommended,410320,24425283,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Doresh,"To save our Mother Earth from any alien attack...~EDF is some jolly, campy, arcadey fun. Imagine a cross between Starship Troopers, Mars Attacks (minus the Martians) and Dynasty Warriors, and you might get a rough idea what you're in for.The game offers almost a hundred missions that will either drown you in giant insects as if they're bullets in a bullet hell shooter, or have you duke it out with a horde of giant robots that can easily stretch across the entire horizon. Not to mention truly gigantic bosses.In contrast to the earlier game Insect Armageddon on Steam (same series, different developer), EDF 4.1 returns to the typical Japanese insanity of the classic series. Health power-ups and weapons are now again gotten solely through loot, for that little bit of Diablo-style weapon farming.EDF 4.1 also returns to having much shorter missions, but offering a whole lot more of them. And the hectic action of EDF really works best in short, but intensive bursts.While Insect Armageddon wasn't the most liked in the franchise, it is nice of the original developers to honor the IA team by adapting the two new classes introduced in that earlier game to the classic-style of EDF, cranking them up to 11 like everything else in the game.So aside from the versatile Ranger and the flight-capable Wing Diver, we have the support-oriented Air Diver who makes up for his lack of direct-fire weapons with mini-turretsand the ability to call in air strikes and vehicles (mostly tanks and mechs, some of which can get pretty huge, as in Godzilla huge). The Fencer with his power armor on the other hand is essentially a man-sized Armored Core, dual-wielding ridiculously huge guns and able to equip melee weapons with literally earth-shattering results.Performance-wise, the port is very, very well done. Gameplay is smooth (even smoother than in the much older Insect Armageddon it seems) and can handle a crapton of enemies without a noticable slow-down. I did turn off shadows though, seeing how much enemies you typically face in this game.Controls are very good and responsive (though I do miss the sprint button from Insect Armageddon). Can't say much about keyboard and mouse controls as I'm more of a controller guy for these types of games.Long story short: Get this game. EDF! EDF!"
76561197994674609,Recommended,410320,29202197,Posted: 12 January,all,Herald_UK,"BEYOND AWESOME EDF EDF EDF ! ! !That's really the best you'll get out of me when asked to describe this truely brilliant, underplayed and undervaluedTeam AmericameetsStarship Troopersmeetsoverly violent, plotless Japanese nonesense, shooter. I honestly can not remember the last time a game was able to put such an immovable♥♥♥♥♥♥eating grin on my face. EDF is just a pure joy, instantly playable (The telling hallmark of all would be classics), instantly impressive and constantlyFUN.Not sure whatSandlotwere thinking when they dreamt this masterpiece into existence, but I for one am sure glad that they did. In a world of proper naff games that take themselves way too seriously, with awesome graphics but drab mechanics and forced plotlines. Along comes this little sparkling gem to remind everyone how it is done. And also to remind everyone that gamers are supposed to be thoroughly entertained and to be getting some level of enjoyment.EDF delivers this by the bucket load, with a plot so ridiculous and as over the top as the action that is thrown at you, full force from the screen. You take the roll of one of four classes of soldier, determined to thwart the onslaught of an alien invasion. These invaders, although many in variety, really come in just two simple variations. The ones that are many in number and the ones that are massive in size. The size of the enemy waves and the size of their largest units can only be seen to be believed. They are many and simply HUGE. It's unreal the scale of some of these things and the numbers in which they attack. It is literally that impressive.Luckily you have a huge arsenal of over the top, quite inventive weapons to choose from.800in all, ifSandlotsspiel is to be believed. You start with a set of basic stuff, but you then unlock various random items after completing each mission. The harder the difficulty you play that mission, will depend on the quality of the rewards at the end. I at the time of writing this, haven't even unlocked a fraction of what's potentially available. And Some of the stuff I have managed to equip is so damn ludicrous, but all necessary for what awaits you in each successive battlefield.I did read in the review section on here from a fellow Steam user, that EDF was a game where you ""level cities to save cities from insects trying to level cities"" (and the rest heh). And that is about as accurate as a description of the general ins and outs of the game as you're going to get. The scale of the destruction that you rain down upon the invading alien army is phenomenal. Watch gobsmacked as entire city blocks from small holdings, homes, to huge towering skyscrapers get utterly demolished in the wake of your defensive measures, as you try to save planet Earth from the onslaught.Of course such incredible amounts of pixels, bouncing around the screen does come at the cost of graphical quality, at least compared to most games these days. But they are functional enough and despite whatever is lacking, it still looks great. You won't have time to be worried about the lack of polish here and there, when there is so much polish in every other aspect of the game. And with that said, the graphics are very clean cut, bright and cheerful. Setting a real wild contrast against the doom laden scenerios that you will have to face.EDF also features something of a very rare occurance for PC games, in the form ofSPLIT SCREEN CO-OP. As well as a four player online Co-Op mode and of course, the usual Single Player campaign. All levels are interchangable between each mode and there are plenty in the base game alone to be getting your teeth into (Around 80 I believe). Then there's some great value DLC to go with that. One offering a massive 50 level extention.In terms of the Multiplayer aspect, it seems a shame that EDF 4.1 does not boast a very large community (or so it seems). With the playerbase split between who has what gear. It does appear that high end veteran players, seem a little reluctant to backtrack and give aid to the noobs, more than likely because of the reward / loot system that's in place. Which does feel like this could be a bit of let down. Especially if you're just starting out in this incredible title. So having a few friends on board to Co-Op with may be a bit of a necessity (to begin with at least).As with all games that feature some sort ot rudimentary levelling system. The starting gear isn't really all that great for any of the classes. And the first few levels aren't really all that much of an introduction to the fiery Heck that awaits. Giving you just a hint of the shear insanity that's around the corner. Hanging in there will reward you with one ""WTF"" moment after another. As you'll stare in wonder and amazement at just how on Earth you are going to win the day through all the bullets, giant insects, giant robots, spiders and all the other mental creations that will inevitabley end up in your crosshairs.To go along with the scale of the battles that are occuring, this also means that you're going to need a lot of space to move around in. And some of the maps are of quite a decent size in order to incorporate all the action. And the missions themselves will take a decent amount of time to complete, for the most part.Besides the possibility of a splitscreen partner or Full Co-Op team, you will never have to fight alone. Not even in Single player, as there will be other EDF soldiers on each level to fight along side you. When prompted by a simple arrow pointer above an individual unit or squad, you can take charge of them. Using a very simple point and click mechanic to issue simple ""go there"" or ""attack that"" commands. You can also communicate with your fellow troops through a basic chat wheel. In which your squad mates will more than likely respond. As well as constantly chatting amongst themselves with some brilliantly witty and instantly quotable one liners. Such as :""If you want to eat tonight, you'd better win !""As well as the constant shouting of ""E D F"" and the hearty singing of the EDF anthem. Which is so cheery and uplifting in the warzones that it just doesn't ever get old. This basic chat wheel, along with a few other options, can also be used to send basic messages, instructions, greetings and warnings to your fellow Co-Op players too.So finally !You can just take my word for it, watch some videos on Youtube or ignore this completely. But if you even consider yourself to be a gamer in any respect. You really should not miss out on this wonderful, crazy, beautiful game. Get your hand in your wallet and get this diamond title purchased. Sales are always good (always). But even at full fare, this is one of those rare occasions where it might actually be worth every single penny spent. And will be more than worth every minute wasted on this brash, bright, noisey fun soaked game.Just get it ! I can't think of any other game of late, that is more deserving of aperfect 10 / 10than this.It is quite simply, that ♥♥♥♥ing great.That ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" Steam review score is there for a reason...EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDFThe EDF Deploys...F**k YEAH !"
76561198042341943,Recommended,410320,24647377,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Barrel,this game is crack send help.
,Recommended,410320,32666838,Posted: 22 June,all,Fartlek Spizzle,"Cheesy monster movie styled storylines, fast-paced Smash TV styled gameplay and tons of campy acting are what made EDF great on consoles.   Not sure about the $50 price tag on PC, but this is the same brand of over-the-top fun!"
,Recommended,410320,24402254,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,cbass,"This is the third time I've bought this game (the original EDF 2025 on PS3, EDF 4.1 on PS4, and now on Steam) and I don't regret a dollar of it. There's not much story or lore to speak of, just you, up to 3 friends, and a bunch of crazy weapons that get crazier the more you play. My personal favorite is the Wing Diver's Laser Chainsaw, a close range laser sword that lives up to its name; it cuts through the hordes like a hot knife through butter. But no matter how strong the weapons might seem, the game is more than willing to one-up you with a new enemy or with hordes that make Dynasty Warriors armies look tiny (if you play a melee Fencer you won't be able to see your character on screen sometimes, just because of the jittering, writhing mounds of bugs--but when you swing your Vulcan Hammer and they all explode into clouds of juice, it feels *so good*.)Note that while the game calls the Fencer the most difficult class to use, for my money it's got to be the Air Raider, who has almost no ability to directly attack and has to rely on sentry guns, stickybombs, and vehicles with weird, squirrely controls. But if just blasting your way through the game is too easy, you've got these advanced options to play with, and it's what keeps me coming back, trying to beat levels with unconventional weapons. EDF sets you a goal--destroy everything that moves before it kills you--and leaves the rest up to you. It's not open world, but in pure fun factor and ""did you see that???"" moments it's up there with the likes of Just Cause 2 and Saints Row 3/4."
76561198148921733,Recommended,410320,34095657,Posted: 7 August,all,Neopolitan,12/10 A game where you be the measly soldiers in B-Movies and win against the alien threat!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,32895260,Posted: 27 June,all,The Doc,You can blow up bugs and save the city by leveling it entirely with a barrage of coordinated missile strikes. It's the perfect game.
,Recommended,410320,25970769,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Davidn64,"Everytime I see an ant or wasp flying next to me, I pull out my bazooka and scream ""E.D.F!"""
,Recommended,410320,32828501,Posted: 26 June,all,Sonic Horizon,"This game is great!  It really really is.Its your very own B Movie simulator!  Giant Ants!  Giant Spiders!  Giant Wasps... wait?  What?  Hell no!!*hides**whispers"" You're gonna love this, 800+ weapons, over 80 missions and online AND Local Splitscreen CO - OP... plus, side note, it don't half get 'ectic!   Ive been in a couple of missions where I simply cannot see for the sheer amount of corpses and alive bugs.And the weapons, INFINITE AMMO, well, on most.  If you want a quick pick up and play and realise 3 hours later that you are still playing, this game is for you."
,Recommended,410320,24497562,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sensei-tional,It's like playing a Godzilla game but from the point of view of a Soldier.. And Godzilla is now every monster ever.
,Recommended,410320,24404858,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Blattdorf,"EDIT: I've beaten the game after twenty hours, but that's just the beginning. Multiple classes, hundreds of cool and weird weapons, multiple difficulty levels, online co-op forcing different tactics than solo play.  I just can't get enough of it! If this game is your jam, you'll get a lot of bang for your buck.---Fans of the series told me repeatedly that Insect Armageddon was nothing like mainline EDF. They said things got wild in the game pretty damn fast. I didn't really believe them at first.Then I played this game.Let me tell you, the devs know how to escalate things pretty damn fast. Not to spoil things, but they know how to make you feel tiny compared to the behemoths you'll have to fight against.This game is like Independence Day and Starship Troopers rolled into one and multiplied by a thousand. GIANT INSECTS come out from the ground, from the sea and from the sky. They crawl along the streets, on the buildings, over your dead teammates and your leveled cities. They spit, weave, chew and sting you into oblivion.But hey, you're EDF, the toughest, meanest, baddest dudes on the planet that can stop any GIANT INSECT from terrorizing the world. You blow them up, you riddle them with bullets, you shower them with missiles or roast them with your flamethrowers. GIANT INSECTS have no chance-And then you look up the sky and see A GIANT ♥♥♥♥ING MOTHERSHIP SO BIG YOU CAN'T EVEN SEE THE WHOLE THING AND IT DROPS EVEN MORE ANTS AND BEES AND SPIDERS AND DRONES AND TRANSPORT SHIPS WITH ANTS AND BEES AND SPIDERS AND OH MY GOD LEAVE MY BUDDY ALONE ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHIn short, it's very much worth the asking price. Especially if you like to shoot GIANT INSECTS with your buddies. You'll get dozens of hours of GIANT INSECTS with multiple difficulty levels with different enemy layouts and challenges.All at a blazing fast 60FPS in Full HD whenever you're not completely swarmed with GIANT INSECTS.Join EDF now and help us stop the GIANT INSECTS."
,Recommended,410320,34010295,Posted: 4 August,all,WITNESS TRUE POWER,"We did it, Patrick!We saved the city!But really, it's a great game with friends."
,Recommended,410320,24789068,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Haven92,"This is the only game i've ever played where farming for weapons is actually fun and not tedious.When I first bought this game I thought it was just ""pretty cool"".  My gf and I were playing it together.  We both thought it was aight for the first bit.  5 hours later we both were absolutely addicted.  We keep going back to older levels trying to beat the harder difficulty settings.  The replayability in this game is amazing.  You actually want to go back to old levels and try them harder.The weapons are incredibly varied, fun to use,  and completely change how you approach certain levels and difficulties.When you play this game on Normal (and sometimes even Hard) it's pretty mindless.  On these difficulties you can easily have a conversation and breeze through a level.  On Hardest and Insane however you better focus like a muh fug because poop's about to get real.  My GF and I (and some time local with my roomate)  have already sank 16 hours into this and we are only on level 17 because of how much we go back and play the higher difficulties.This game is so sick it's ****ing disgusting.Oh and I did play Insect Armageddon on the PS3 and this is WAAAAAY better.If you like fast paced action, and are looking for an amazing Local Co-op game then get this.  (I have yet to play the online.  I will in the future).9.25/10 (So far)"
76561198040837514,Recommended,410320,24420794,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Brudda,"Earth defense force 4.1 is a very fun arcade shooter.  I highly recommend this game to anyone that has an interest in this game and never played it before.There's barely any story, you go from mission to mission and the only objective is to kill all bugs in that level all the while collecting new weapons.  Each mission last about 5-10 minutes depneding on difficulty and skill level.The controls are fairly standard for third-person shooters, WASD to move, left-click to shoot and you got some other extra keys to press for various actions, but nothing too extravagant.There are 4 different classes you can choose from.  Each one of them has their gimmicks and special weapons, but in the end they all kill the same by blowing up bugs.Will you get your hours worth for the current price?  Definitely.  Theres a ton of replayability in this game, gaining levels and finding stronger weapons.The game will eventually get repetitive, but the fun is just watching all the explosions go off.  If you don't like repetitive gameplay, I would not buy this.  But if you're one that does enjoy farming, this is definitely a game for you."
,Recommended,410320,24499942,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Yal,"this game is fun, stupid fun. Its simple, action packed, loaded with content, not $60, and FUN. Buy a copy and play it. When your done buy 3 other copies for your friends.My objective was to destroy a walking fort. instead I flatend the town and killed all my teammates. the walking fort left the area and i was told, Mission accomplished.EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,34191728,Posted: 12 August,all,B̡̀͜͞B҉̶̴͜͝Q҉̛,"While I do recommend this game, there are a few things buyers should be aware of in advance:The game can be cruel at times, and is punishingly difficult in later stages.Taking a hit will impede your character's movement.  Taking multiple hits at once or in a row will simply root your character, guaranteeing death.Both armor and weaponry must be grinded for to be geared enough for the next stage and higher echelons of difficulty.If this doesn't bother you in the slightest and if you like overcoming insane odds with addictively fun bro-op, then you'd do well to throw your money at this game.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,410320,26172229,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Kiki162,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cBxPg4j1B4&feature=youtu.beHonestly, enough said."
76561197979963271,Recommended,410320,32177739,Posted: 4 June,all,Sekshunate,What you say!? We killed all the bugs long ago!!
,Recommended,410320,24456145,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,CrazyIvanTR,"Okay, this is a PC port, so it should be reviewed as one and not a game in and of itself.What they did right:Skippable introsSkippable cutscenesRebindable keysStable framerate (as it should be, graphics are like PS2 era)What they did wrong:No windowed fullscreenSome sounds become really annoying and they're also too loud like the woman screamsDoes not have mouse cursor, you can navigate menus with the mouse but it feels sluggish, keyboard works perfectly well in that regardBad texture quality (come on, hire a few artists make an HD DLC at least)Always enabled voice chat in multiplayer (at least a push to talk or mute option is a desired feature on PC)Anyway, overall solid port from a company who had NO experience whatsoever in porting games to PC. They did pretty well and could do better. The game deserves its price point in my opinion and I'm new to the series. It does feel a bit repetitive and if you can't complete a level after collecting a hundred case drops it all goes to waste, which is unfortunate but not really a bad design philosophy.Recommendation level: Absolutely recommended."
76561198045411455,Recommended,410320,31083409,Posted: 11 April,all,Thunder Ducks,10/10 would defend my mother earth from any alien attack again
76561198040600970,Recommended,410320,31915596,Posted: 23 May,all,Vamphaery,"SummaryLow-budget, highly repetitive yet addictive, B-movie-esque, third person shooter with thousands of weapons to unlock, waves of hundreds of enemy bugs, robots, dragons, and more to mow down, destructible cities, tons of levels, extreme quantities of content to unlock, health and items to grind/farm for, with both single player and co-op campaigns. Up to hundreds of hours of content if you enjoy the basic premise and gameplay on offer.Who is this game for?Anyone who doesn't mind repetitive, mindless third person shooting action.Anyone who loves tons of weapon unlockables.Anyone who loves poorly translated, B-movie-esque (think the original Resident Evil's, ""Wait! DON'T, OPEN, THAT door,"" & ""It might be helpful if you, the, MASTER of unlocking... took it with you,"" but set against an, ""Aliens are invading Japan!"" backdrop) dialogue.Anyone who likes simple arcade shooter gameplay.Anyone who doesn't mind grinding/farming for health and weapons.Who should steer clear?Anyone who demands storytelling.Anyone averse to repetition.Anyone who dislikes grinding/farming for health and weapons.Anyone who isn't a fan of tongue-in-cheek silliness.Anyone with severe arachnophobia.What is EDF, anyway?Do you enjoy shooting giant ants? Do you enjoy shooting giant spiders? Do you enjoy shooting giant ants AND giant spiders? What about huge hordes of them? Do you enjoy shooting enormous hordes, hundreds at a time, of giant ants and giant spiders? What about doing that in completely destructible cities, where every single building can be demolished by your rockets?Do you enjoy games that allow you to unlock weapons? Do you enjoy games that allow you to unlock HUNDREDS of weapons? Completely ridiculous weapons like inflatable blow-up doll decoys, and missiles that move so slowly through the air you can outrun them on foot, but when they eventually detonate, make enormous insane mushroom clouds?What if there were robots mixed in with the insects? What if there were GIANT robots, taller than skyscrapers, mixed in with the insects? What if there were mechs, flying saucers, drones, and dinosaurs mixed in with the insects? What if some of the insects could also fly? What if they were bees, or wasps, or godzilla? Giant hordes of hundreds of wasps, godzillas, flying saucers, robots, ants, spiders, and more, in tons of levels set in destructible cities?What if there was super cheesy, poorly translated dialogue, too? What if your NPC allies kept saying things like, ""It's YOUR turn... bro!"" or, ""If only you freaks had never come here!"" or, ""EDF! EDF! EDF!"" while you were fighting the giant hordes? With the hundreds of weapons. In the fully destructible cities. Possibly in your own giant mech, sometimes.Would that be fun?That's Earth Defense Force in a nut shell. 4.1 is the latest iteration of the series, and the first (from original developer Sandlot, at least,) available on PC.If the above scenarios sound at all enjoyable to you, my recommendation is: buy the game. Buy all of its DLC. Buy any future DLC that comes out for it. Then play alone or hop online with your friends, start on the lowest difficulty, and work your way up to more health and better weapons, until you can survive on the harder difficulties. Do it now. The Earth needs Defending. EDF! EDF! EDF!Er...Ahem. Where was I?No, but seriously... WHAT IS IT?EDF is a third person shooter in which you choose one of several character classes, and battle against waves of progressively more challenging alien invaders consisting primarily of insects and machines... with some surprises thrown in.Generally, you will begin the game at the lowest possible difficulty, and then play through an enormous number of somewhat repetitive but increasingly difficult levels, while farming for armor (HP) and weapons. You can replay levels as many times as you like, finding those best suited for farming, to better prepare for future levels.You can then play through the levels on higher difficulty settings, which will result in new and better weapon drops. This continues until you reach a point where you are capable of beating the game on the hardest difficulty, where enemies move faster, do (and soak up) more damage, and kill you more quickly.The first few levels are nothing to write home about in terms of the number of enemies on screen. Eventually though, you'll be facing huge waves of spiders and ants, backed by flying saucers that drop yet more enemies, flying drones, huge mechanized walking fortresses, giant robots taller than buildings juggling you through the air with lasers... you get the idea.Trust me... it gets I N S A N E...Visuals are very ""meh"" by design. This is part of a simple, low budget series in Japan, intended to provide the most content possible at the lowest price. And in that regard, provided you enjoy the game, it definitely delivers. You can spend hundreds of hours in this game, and the quantity of enemies, weapons, and the sheer levels of insane, at times overwhelming action, are a lot of fun.It's an incredibly simple premise, but the result in practice is a very challenging, enjoyable shooter that will keep you busy for a long, long time... possibly for years.PROSExtreme amount of contentExtreme challenge in later levels, at high difficulties, demanding practice, patience, and grinding/farming to surviveHUGE numbers of enemies on screen at a timeRidiculous assortment of weaponsRuns great on fairly low-end to mid-tier hardwareFull controller supportActive online playerbase, albeit somewhat smallFully functional online AND offline co-op.CONSSimplistic graphicsCan be extremely repetitiveNo real storyline to speak of, apart from brief level introductions and radio chatterCan be VERY challenging, and VERY time consuming if you plan to 100% the gameFrame rate dips may become common on lower end hardware during the largest enemy wave spawns (this has become a staple of the series though, so for some this is a good thing...)All in all, the ultimate B-movie third person shooter. I love it. I've been playing the series since 2017 on Xbox 360, but it goes back further than that.NOTE: If you'd like a game with the same basic premise, but more of a ""Western"" feel, and some more polish, check out Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon, made by a different developer, in consulation with Sandlot. Sandlot are the developers of the originals, including 4.1, however. Personally, I prefer Sandlot's games - including 4.1 - but I did find IA enjoyable for what it was, too. Check it out if you're intrigued."
,Recommended,410320,25126991,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Sgt. Shivers,EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,30633086,Posted: 20 March,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"Dale Gribble's wet dreamEDF 4.1 continues to tell the epic about a small team and their dream to become the greatest exterminators known to man.An actual serious review(?) below. More of a like, overview, but, whatever. I've mostly played 2025 on ps3 and 4.1 on Ps4. Only recently bought 4.1 on steam.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDF 4.1 is a remastered version of 2025 with additional content such as a few extra missions, few new weapons, some new enemies, and the first and second dlcs from 2025 are bundled together as the first dlc of 4.1.Game runs well, haven't had any crash problems despite the rediculous about of♥♥♥♥♥♥you can blow up at the same time. locked at 60fps, idk how to change it if it's possible, personally don't care with a game like this.If you're expecting a game with an enriching story, this is probably not the game for you. EDF 4.1 is just a game about killing bugs from the aliens and how much damage you can inflict on the city over the insects.Over the top weapons that start of fairly basic such as gatling guns, rocket launches, rifle, beam rapiers, etc and begin to become more and more insane as you progress at obtaining higher leveled equipment throughout the 5 difficulties.4 classes to choose from:-Ranger:Typical soldier with basic♥♥♥♥♥♥ Spine of steel that can now roll through cars and other small obstacles. Easiest to play imo. Easy to pick up and pew pew the insects away. Uses your typical soldier weapons that advance into things such as hand held gatling gun assault rifles and multishot plasma rocket launches that can level a quarter of the city on their own-Wing Diver:Aka: Waifu Diver. Flies. Uses energy to reload weapons and to fly. Personally I find them the hardest to start (note: I always play on hard+, hard if i'm starting to get gear for a class or if I'm not very geared with them) cause of them being the weakest armor wise and don't enjoy playing them. Using laser and beam weapons. Amazing if you have an Air Raider to keep you charged up for your high costing, high damaging weapons.-Air Raider:Support class. rains air strikes, artillery strikes, satellite lasers, as well as calling in vehicles that he and, 99% of the time, the Ranger can only drive (not including side guns to vehicles). Has healing pods, armor pods, energy walls that seem to always kill me rather than protect me, sticky grenade gun thing that you usually detonate manually. Kinda annoying to start off with if you're solo cause of how their weapons work. Strikes and weapons typically run on a ""credit"" system which you get by killing enemies. Basically you usually don't reload, you, or your allies, have to kill in order to reload your equipment most of the time. Amazing with other players, love having one seeing as I have a habit of blowing myself up by accident with Fencer.-Fencer:Big dude with big guns. Slow. starts with most armor. Slow. Motars, gatling guns, hand held artillery, melee and shields, and lamp post sized cruise missles that 9/10 times ends up causing us to lose because the Air Raider thought it was funny to guide the missle into a bulding and killing all of us. My personal favorite to use since i just find it satisfying to use their weapons. Easy to start off with but harder (i guess? harder than the rest imo due to your typical slowness and the damage ramp up on enemies. As well as the Fencer's weapons don't get as buffed up stat wise as other classes do) to use later on higher difficulties. Slow. Boost canceling makes you move fast, but, you are still slow.tldr: nonsensical story that doesn't take itself seriously, pick a class you like, blow up most of the city and kill insects while you do it.Remember, the aliens can't take over the city if there's no city left standing for them to take."
,Recommended,410320,24424982,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Drake,"I've been a follower of EDF for years, first played EDF 2017 on Xbox 360, picked it up randomly in a bargain bin in a wal-mart, best 12 dollars every spent.EDF 4.1 is based off of 2025, a game I also played on PS3, and this definitely feels like a console port, the menus are♥♥♥♥♥♥ options are pretty lacking, and I found that sometimes during the equipment screen it would lag for no reason. Some other technical difficulties I found were that anything far away was rendered at around 5 fps, which is a method to allow them to have hunderds of bugs on the screen at once on console, but considering the graphics of this game and it's on PC, I think my system could handle more.I've played this for a few hours with mouse and keyboard and with a controller. Both work but I really do recommend the controller considering the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ menus, but you can learn to love the jankiness of this game regardless of what control method you use.Now with that negativity out of the way, lets get to the positives; EDF! EDF! EDF!~I frickin love this series, the cheesy dialogue, the not-so-pretty graphics, but mostly the ability to kill waves and waves of giant insects and robots with your friends and a huge arsenal of impressive weaponry. Nothing beats the feeling of saying danger close while calling down what equates to a frickin nuke on a bunch of giant ants; your friends running for cover and you're screaming EDF at the top of your lungs as the giant explosion covers your screen, ants flying everywhere!There are many many missions, and the difficulty runs from easy, to normal, hard, hardest, and finally inferno; each difficulty really changes the way you interact with the game. The enemies do more damage, have more health, but also improve their abilities and accuracy; this making it pretty important that you develop a strategy with your friends, making sure everybody has the right equipment to deal with different situations you find yourselves in.To sum it all up in the most effective way possible, should you buy this game? Yes. Why? Because EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24977173,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Grizzly,"Have you ever wanted to level an entire city to kill one spider?Have you ever wanted to Low Orbit Ion Canon a nest of ants?Have you ever wanted to be part of an godly chorus singing to the glory of Earth Defense Force whilst pummeling giant robots in their giant robot balls with your giant robot fists?- If you have answered 'Yes' to any of the above then this is the game for you.Earth Defense force pits you as one of four classes against waves of giant bugs, aliens or sometimes both. There is a story loosely tied in that you learn about as you progress through the game levels - all through some 'so bad its good',  B movie tier of dialogue. Though it is just background fluff that serves as an attempt to justify why you are on a certain level fighting the giant enemies that you find yourself fighting.Each of the four classes do feel inherently different and do serve individual roles.Ranger - This is probably the easiest class to start out with and the most balanced. The Ranger has access to a decent variety of weapons and levels up health at a reasonable rate. They have good mobility and have access to a a dodge roll.Wing Diver - The Wing Diver is a more specialised class with access to flight. Her weapons are quite powerful and share a power source with the jetpack - meaning its important that you keep an eye on your power levels whilst flying and shooting lest you end up falling into a crowd of creepy crawlies. Her health is the lowest of the classes and it levels up the slowest.Air Raider - The Air Raider is a semi support role and requires a little more skill to play. As an air raider, your main weapon is the vast array of vehicles you have access to. These range from rail gun tanks, to helicopter to huge Pacific Rim style mechs. In order to call these vehicles in, your team needs to build up kills. You can support this by dropping health, shields and turrets. The air raider also has access to laser designators that is used in conjunction with some of the Fencer's heavier missile systems. Once you and your team build up enough kills, you can call in your chosen vehicle and switch from support to reigning in utter destruction as a 500ft mech. His health and health leveling are fairly high.Fencer - The Fencer is the slowest and heaviest of all the classes and tends to occupy a support from range role and and direct attack role depending on the load outs. Fencers have two main weapon set ups, one being a melee based set up with various spikes or fists or hammers as well as a shield which allows you to reflect ranged attack back at an enemy. These load outs also give you access to the jump packs which allow you to boost upwards or dodge sideways. The second load out style gives you access to huge artillery canons and missile launchers. These weapons tend to be the hardest hitting and have a lengthy delay in their reload times and times between firing. Some of your missile launchers can only be used in combination with the Air Raider's laser designator. The Fencer has the most health and has the quickest health gains of the four classes.The game can be played solo or co-op and from what I have played seems more suited to co-op play. You can revive downed allies although this requires a portion of your health to do so.  The game contains a loot system - weapon boxes grant you weapons (either new or duplicates) and the armour boxes grant you additional health/armour for your character - both requiring that you successfully complete the misusing at hand before granting these things. If you die, you loose it all, which can be quite frustrating and lead to you having to farm weapons and more so armour before you are able to progress in the story.The port itself could be described as 'clunky'. The menus are clunky to navigate and can be a little tricky to get used to navigating with mouse and keyboard. This is one of the rare times where i've actually preferred to use a controller over the keyboard and mouse both in menu and in game.All in, this game is a lot of fun with friends. Don't take it too seriously and you are in for a great time."
,Recommended,410320,24733610,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lowtax,EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,28143880,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jasonridesabike,"I'd been eyeing this game for a while for it's couch coop, but I held off because it looked a little unpolished and I was hesitant to sink money into another lousy console port. Finally pulled the trigger this week and I'm so glad I did. Definitely the best couch multiplayer pc game on Steam (and I've been through a lot of them). So much fun, so much replayability, so off brand godzilla-esque.No protracted, terribly written story: first mission BAM giant ants eating your face.No forced cutscreens: option to disable all of them.No over simplified gameplay to appeal to the widest possible audience: the game has nuance and the different classes actually feel different.Best couch coop game on Steam.Hoping they bring the new one to PC, with online split screen."
76561198272717759,Recommended,410320,24918588,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Poljanan,I had to flatten 3 city blocks (which probably still had people) with an artillery barrage because one spider was hiding in them.Oh well.EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!
,Recommended,410320,24699938,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,telopots,this is a masterpiece I am not even kiddingfreedom gunsaction                            bugs    and                     bugs againit runs well tooI'd like some fovbut it's essentially masterpiecethis is best
76561198030288941,Recommended,410320,24465113,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MoePudding,EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!EDF!!!
76561198029477605,Recommended,410320,29079199,Posted: 6 January,all,Plumpick,"This is my only review, and I am doing it because E.D.F is no longer ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" recently, as it deserves."
,Recommended,410320,34354890,Posted: 19 August,all,Sinbad's Therapist,GOOD LORD HOW MANY ANTS!?
76561198025609284,Recommended,410320,31748715,Posted: 14 May,all,Dick Gently,"Don't let my 150+ (at time of review) hours fool you. I put about the same amount of time in this game on PS4 before buying it on steam just to play with my steam friends. There's not much to say about this game that hasn't been said in other reviews. It's pure mindless fun.Disclaimer: The game is kind of boring on single player. Get a friend for local co-op or go online for up to 4p co-op (you cannot local-cop + online co-op, unfortunately).It's a tongue-in-cheek killfest with over-the-top weapons, ridiculous plot (if you want to call it that), and cheesy voice acting. This game is the epitome of how gameplay can be so much fun that you don't need professional actors, hi-res graphics, or deep story. It's like an homage to games of ye olden days when you just needed a controller (or m/k) and something to shoot. No regenerating lifebars (pick up your health drops on the field like a real soldier!) Infinite ammo (on most weapons, but you still have to reload).The only thing I can think of to make this game batter would be a level editor. Oh, and bring local co-op online multiplayer to the PC version."
76561197970377237,Recommended,410320,26290903,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Perkins,How long has this game be on here? And how come no one told me. its a port but mostly it is ok interface wise. So far lots of bugs and big guns. thats it. that's all you need.
,Recommended,410320,25135274,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Cipher,"""Why did you sign up?""""For my wife of course!""""Let's talk about this tomorrow."""
76561198027578267,Recommended,410320,24690226,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,iatros.hatori,"Playing on Inferno difficulty (the underground levels especially) is a real experience of fighting the overwhelming numbers of BETA. If you ignore the silliness (which is also part of the fun) the game's plot gradually becomes a story of humanity's last stand. Against all odds.Also, skyscraper-sized mechs and Godzilla."
76561198102753699,Recommended,410320,24627708,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,AbyssalThunder,Started singing EDF chant.NPCs joined in.10/10 Game of the Year.
76561198043505744,Recommended,410320,34941039,Posted: 13 September,all,brandonwort?,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forcesWe won't cut them any slackThe E.D.F. deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe E.D.F. deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroupThe enemy has multiplied and formed a massive groupWe better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe E.D.F. deploys!To take down giant insects who came down from outer spaceWe now head underground for their path we must retraceAnd find their giant nest and crush the queen's carapaceThe E.D.F. deploysThe Air Force and the Navy were destroyed or cast aboutScouts, Rangers, Wing-divers have almost been wiped outDespite all this the infantry will stubbornly hold outThe E.D.F. deploys!Our friends were all killed yesterday, as were our familiesToday we may not make it facing these atrocitiesWe'll never drop our banner despite our casualtiesThe E.D.F. deploys!Two days ago my brother died, next day my lover fellToday everyone was almost killed in that we must not dwellBut we will never leave the field, we'll never say farewellThe E.D.F. deploys.A legendary hero soon will lead us to gloryEight years ago he sunk the Mothership says historyTomorrow we will follow this brave soul to victoryThe E.D.F. deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,25877718,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Harpotos,"Drinking game___________Difficulty: do you need a functioning liver to live?Rules: take a swig every time someone says ""giant insects""."
76561197989863313,Recommended,410320,31468896,Posted: 30 April,all,Caiden!,"One of my favorite games. If you play through on all difficulties to get all the weapons and gear, you'll easily get over 50 hours.Enjoyment improves ten-fold with friends."
76561197963426636,Recommended,410320,27672305,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zephyr,"There are two kinds of people, those who know the Earth Defense Force serie, and for them, they probably already own the game or plan of getting it anyway, and the ones who don't, and I pity you.But let me educate you if you are hesitant of getting that game, or curious about what it's all about.EDF is simply put, a third person shooter game which gets its inspiration from terror movies, such as ""Attack of the Giant Ants/Killer bees"", or more precisely, Godzilla. For the most occidental among you, think Starship Troopers.You choose among 4 classes, a loadout of 2 to 4 weapons, and embark on a mission to kill any alien that move or doesn't in a glorious fury of destruction. Buildings explode and crumble, giant insects explode and body parts are flying everywhere, giant robots fire plasma while tanks answer in kind with all sorts of ordonances, bombers strike the field, and to put here the words of a fellow player ""This game is therapeutic as f...""Almost 100 missions, some exclusive to coop mode, 5 difficulties levels, lots and lots of different weapons ranging from comical joke weapons to absolutely devastating ones, lot of vehicules from motorbikes to giant walking robots firing lasers, all you get as rewards from battlefield drops, 4 players coop...It's probably the only serie where you will find the game being full of bugs is a good thing.It's sheer unadultered fun, and on higher difficulties, the game takes a strategic depth that also offers quite a lot of challenge. It's wonderfully over the top. You get to fight Godzilla in a giant robot. You get to have an army of giants robots facing an army of Godzillas in honorable melee fight.The only reproaches I could have is the fact movement is a bit slow, helicopter controls are pretty terrible, and you need to pick up the drops falling around to reap the reward, which is a bit time consuming and tend to break the flow. But still, you WILL have fun. You will have moment where you will think and shout it's the best game ever. You will scream ""NOT THE BEES!"". Even the bugs of the glitch variety of the game will amuse you and make you laugh. You will see breakdancing spiders. You will see said spiders going into space after explosions.Bottom line, like I said in the forum, you need to be an alien to hate that game. Get it. You need to. You know you want to. Soon you will know the EDF song by heart and shout along with your fellow soldiers."
,Recommended,410320,31459023,Posted: 30 April,all,Trinity Rabbit @ Best,Great game to play with friends and mess around.
76561198066362482,Recommended,410320,29779931,Posted: 8 February,all,Snootchie Bootchies,like dynasty warriorsif you shot them all up with meththen gave them gunsguns that shoot gunsguns that rain more than just deaththey rain down the fury ofTHE EARTH DEFENSE FORCE!! SEND THOSE BUGS BACK HOME TO SPACE PLAY WITH A FRIEND AND USEALL THE EXPLOSIONSGUNS SHOOTING BULLETSGUNS SHOOTING EXPLOSIONSGUNS SHOOTING ELECTRICAL HELLFIREGUNS SHOOTING REGULAR HELLFIREGUNS SHOOTING GUNSKILL ALL THE THINGS AND KILL THEM WITH FRIENDSGO SOLO RAMBO YOULL BE FINE BECAUSE OF THE GUNSalso like a starship trooper sim
,Recommended,410320,24422232,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,madbrahmin,"This is EDF in its most definitive form: 4 very different classes, rock-solid multiplayer and frame rate, tons of weapons and thousands of insects and robots to shoot at. And it even looks good. Most fun you will have punching a kaiju in the face while in a gigantic mech. Game of the Year.(EDF! EDF!)"
,Recommended,410320,28324170,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Death,Wanna Have Giant Robot VS Kaija Action/Giant Robot fights??Wanna shoot a nuke into your friends face and watch them fly into space team rocket style and pretend it was an accident??Wanna have a cheerful sing-along  while a giant alien mothership is destroying the entire city and giant bugs are eating people and a kaiju is on the loose??IF YES THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!!!11/10  Because of Giant robots/giant tanks/giant bugs/giant alien robots/ And Fencers <3P.S THE EDF DEPLOYYYYYSSS~~
76561198080155409,Recommended,410320,34546949,Posted: 28 August,all,Swaffelen,"Best thing to come out of Japan since hentai, Dark Souls and boocakkes.Overall: Unreasonable Japanese racist jokes / 1945."
76561197971463994,Recommended,410320,32030323,Posted: 28 May,all,KALASH,"This is what the Starship Troopers game should have been!!! A fantastic game for the price (especially when on sale) This game is near endless fun. It is simple and enjoyable for having a laugh on local coop, ploughing through the single player or multiplayer online. Cranking up the dificulty can make this game a real challenge! The grahpics may be a bit lacking at times, but this does not detract from the game at all. Building destruction, explosions and vast arenas make a slight payoff with graphics well worth it. A five star game!"
,Recommended,410320,25931369,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Horrid,"Futuristic exterminator simulator.If you hate ants and spiders, now is your chance for revenge."
,Recommended,410320,29196571,Posted: 11 January,all,Air Raider,"You start off as a member of the military investigating giant like insects that are chasing people and spraying butt juice. You come to find out the earth has been invaded and these aliens are using huge bugs to take down the world. You start off with 4 classes Wing Diver, Ranger, Fencer, and Air Raider. Oh and its 4 player CO OP ONLINE!This game does something that many games cannot do correctly and that is SCALE! The game makes big fights feel big and big enemies feel tough and sometimes you feel like you are in ""OH SHIII"" moments. There are a huge amount of bugs and robots and everything. The levels range from Different parts of a City which anything can be destroyed. ANY BUILDING CAN BE BLOWN INTO PIECES! It feels good when you see a bunch of baddies on the radar but there are a huge amount of buildings blocking you. You decide to pull out the Signal for the Airstrike to nuke the area and it does exactly that with a flat battle ground to enjoy. Even underground caverns that are seriously dark and hard to navigate sometimes. You have some levels out in the country which is a nice change of pace. There are vehicles, mechs, airstrikes, missile summons, tanks, Starlight cannons, ect, ect ect, The list can keep going on for ages as there are over 700 weapons to enjoy in this game.The Ranger is the best starting class as he has a good selection of weapons and can pretty much get any level done with his starting weapons. He has decent speed but to make him go faster you must run and jump at an angle in order to run faster. His weapons range from Machine guns, Sniper Rifles, Rocket Launchers, Grenades, and a bunch of other things. There are different levels of weapons with different affects. They are not random everything is set in stone.Wing Diver can FLY! and hey its a woman neat. She uses weapons based on her plasma and she has to balance her plasma for flying and her weapons which can be difficult but satisfying. She has beautiful weapons that light up the area. Electric sniper rifles that blow up into bolts of electricity everywhere once they hit anything. Sniper Rifles that are just lasers. Plasma Launchers that are huge explosive Dragonball z like energy balls that blow up anything in its path.Air Raider is my personal favorite. He is a support class but he can summon some serious stuff. He can summon some of the strongest weapons in the game and he has the ability to summon vehicles even giant mechs that can beat the crap out of anything. He has totems he can set down to boost damage or defense. He can give the wing diver little boosts to give her more plasma energy. He can make vehicles come down that are medic vans that heal if your teammates get into it. He has not very many close range weapons alone but he makes up with his interest limpet gun that shoots these little light darts and  you can detonate them anytime you wish.Fencer at first glance Fencer might seem like a horrible class that has a horribly slow speed and is pointless as a character. Well that is okay to think that but you are completely wrong. The Fencer is one of the neatest characters and second fastest to the Wing Diver. He can dash and shield cancel and dash again to go super fast. Now there are other ways to go even faster like the Javelin cannon which any one of you can look up. He can also equip 2 sets of weapons meaning 4 weapons in all! Meaning you can do a quick move setup to move around the map fast and then the second set can be a heavy loadout with cannons and rockets. He is very underused but once people start to realize his true power he will become one of the heaviest used.The voice acting is on point and the lines will have you rolling sometimes, the explosions are sexy as hell. All in all I think this is one of the best games on steam and I am so happy it made it. The game also has a lot of replayablity as it has a interesting system that makes you collect red boxes that make your max health rise. The Green boxes are loot which are like gold.If anyone is curious to see my gameplay here is a videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jiDK8RU5kU"
,Recommended,410320,30010421,Posted: 18 February,all,8ALTON8,"This is the greatest game of all time!As long as you don't mind a few bugs, of course.I joined the EDF way back in 2007 with EDF 2017 on the 360. Ever since then I've had an obsession with this series that has made me yearn for it to have both online multiplayer and a version on the PC. This was an instant day-1 purchase from me.Well 4.1 finally delivers! A Sandlot developed version of EDF on steam with freakin 4 player co-op! There's something really special about this game that makes it more than just mindless ant slaying. On higher difficulties and especially with friends, the game suddenly reveals that even as dumb as it appears on the surface, it can be a real challenge sometimes. Working together with friends to come up with plans and strategies to beat that inferno level you've died 10 times on can be insanely rewarding when you finally refine your approach and strategy to the point where you stand victorious over a mountian of giant bug corpses, with a post mission success screen filled with new and powerful weapons you can use in your next battle.It truly is something special.And THAT'S just the successful missions! You should see how insanely funny the failed missions can get:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-ns3hEIjaU"
76561197984370080,Recommended,410320,24644892,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,zero254,"It's everything I loved about the previous installments (IA is consider a different type) with a better framerate and extras.Giant robots, giant bugs, aliens vs you and your pure wit and will.It's exactly my type of game. Straight to the point with endless playability."
,Recommended,410320,29190184,Posted: 11 January,all,Hyrule Chosen One,"We are prepared for any alien threatThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends in jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,27866836,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MattBatt,You can stomp on giant ants and spiders in a megazord.12/10 Would wait 3 years for the next port.
76561197985827003,Recommended,410320,24440852,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Tosai,"EDF ! EDF !As some already said : best bug hunter simulator of the year.You always dreamt of KILLING WITH FIRE those freakin' spiders ? well , enjoy.4 interesting classes, graphics are a bit outdated but the Havoc Engine is perfect for this type of game were you can demolish almost anything.Very nice story / missions , new ennemies, more gigantic, impressive , cunning the more you progress. There is a real feeling of alien invasion.An excellent game to release your brain (don't expect to realease it too much in hard and inferno mode tho) , tons of gear, multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic , especially with air raider in the team, who can call for various bombardments or vehicles (thus this is a multiplayer class mainly , as you need money to summon your big boys.)Overall : tons of funs with this game."
,Recommended,410320,24436696,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Bellesaurus rex  🐲,"The best action game ever made. You have giant dinosaurs of doom, Giant spiders of doom, Giant dragons of doom and above all else you have Weapons that would make ironman jealous"
76561198013766706,Recommended,410320,30645493,Posted: 20 March,all,HeyRevolver,"The only good bug, alien, robot, or giant monster is a dead bug, alien, robot, or giant monster."
,Recommended,410320,25281239,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Magtok,Starship Troopers Simulator 2016
,Recommended,410320,27619171,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Swordz,"This game is a paradox. Everything about it, from graphics and soundtrack to mission description screams ""LOW-BUDGET-B-MOVIE""! Yet, it is surprisingly fun, because it returns all the arcade-y shooting glory, wraps it in 5 levels of difficulity for everyone, adds heaps of collectible guns, hordes of absurd enemies - and you're set for playing the best arcade shooter experience you'd play in ages. Also, its horribly unbalanced - but who needs balance, anyway? EDF! EDF!"
76561198079682814,Recommended,410320,25701803,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Tea Party,"It's like Power Rangers had intense sex with Starship Troopers and somehow War of the Worlds got in on it, probably skeeted across the room into the mix.Oh yeah it's a good game."
,Recommended,410320,25455037,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Rainbow Cookie,"If you have ever played Starship Troopers or watched the movie then you will you know what this game will be about, except a lot more things have changed and been added. This game has only one objective. Kill everything you see. Yep, kill everything that is in that mission. Insects and Aliens from space have taken over most cities of Japan and the EDF has been sent out to save the people of Japan and to wipe out all threats. The EDF is one of the most powerful squads that have saved many people and cities from Aliens and Insects and they have also destoryed the Mothership a long time ago, but now they seek revenge and reunite with a new army of threats for the EDF to face as well as the Mothership.The E.D.F (Earth Defense Force) have many troops that have been well trained and they get stronger and stronger as they add new types of soldiers and lots of weapons that make them powerful then anyone.Let's go over the classes you can play as.~Ranger:This basic soldier is the most easy class and recommended that you play this class first before you try out the other three classes. He can equip two weapons. He can use Assault Rifles, Snipers, Rocket/Missle Launcher, and can also heal his teammates with some special weapons. He can be pretty deadly with some of his higher level gear but remember not to blow yourself up.~Wing Diver:This solider is one of the most basic classes to play but has very weak armor. This class can be very fast and comes with a jetpack that allows you to fly in the air for a while until you need to regen that fuel for it. A silent but deadly soldier that can deal quite some damage with bigger groups of threats. She can equip 2 weapons. She can use Plasma Launchers, Rapiers, Plasma Grenades, Thunder Bow/Plasma Snipers, Mid-Range Lasers, and many others. She is a easy class to play but remember that she has weak armor so she can die pretty fast if you are not careful of your surroundings.~Air Raider:This solider is for intermediate players (people who have some experience with the game and made it through most of the game). This class can be one of the most fun classes to play as well as very deadly. As the name says he can call in Air Raids/Air strikes. He can equip three weapons (two being airstrikes/limpet guns and the other being any vehicle of your choice). He can also call in Tanks, Battle Suits, Helicopters, Ground Vehicles, and a Balam. This class has a lot of weapons that you can collect and each one can be very powerful or useless. His Limpet Guns can also be pretty useless because low damage. Some of his vehicles can be a little hard to control but once you get used to using it a lot you won't have a problem killing all threats your way.~Fencer:This class is for advanced players (Players who have lots of experience with the game and completed it all the way.) This class can be one of the hardest to learn and use correctly, but fully learning all his special moves and skills he will be one of the most powerful and deadly tank characters in the game. He can equip four weapons. He has Miniguns, Shields, Strikers, Piercers, Cannons, Artillerys, and many others. It's best to play this class last because his controls for most of the weapons can be a bit tricky and hard to know at first. But once you know all the tips and tricks for this class and get the right gear, you won't regret this class.This game does have over 800+ weapons and each mission you can collect higher level weapons on higher difficulties. (Easy, Normal, Hard, Hardest, Inferno <-- most difficult) it's best that you get and collect as much armor/hp in the game before you go on higher difficulties in low and higher levels. (Hardest, Inferno)This game also has a lot of missions for singleplayer and co-op (89 SP, 98 Co-op) and the higher you get you will face new threats that can be more powerful so it's best to play lower missions on higher difficulties to get those high level weapons. This game does have a lot of grinding in it so it will be a fun game for people that like grinding a lot for their stuff.Also remember that everytime you kill a threat they will have a chance to drop one of three things. (Red Crate <--- Armor/HP, Green Crate <--- Weapon, Health Crate (small and big one).I would say this game is a very fun experience for me to see and enjoy. If you like killing dragons, spiders, ants, and different types of alien spicies from space that are all giant then this game is for you. Thanks to the split-screen and co-op with four players this game can be fun with friends to just roam around shooting insects and many other things.I would rate this game 8.5/10 in my opinion.EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!The Earth Defense Force will live on.Something that ruins this game for me is the amount of people that use hacks in game lobbies that gives everyone a lot of armor or every weapon. It striked me and 2 other people in one game and sadly I didn't backup my save game."
,Recommended,410320,24725344,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ShinSH,"This game is pure Arcade dope.Kill the bugs, collect powerups and new weapons, customize your loadout. And you have 4 different classes with a crazy lot of possibilities.And mechs.It's pretty hard to end a game session when I'm on it."
,Recommended,410320,28076595,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ayam XII,"Fantastic multiplayer, loads of challenge, loads of chaos, loads of interesting weapons and no zombies."
,Recommended,410320,30193348,Posted: 26 February,all,Ҝόחğόù,"I am a fan of the series Earth Defence Force games. I started playing in 2017 EDF in 2007. The graphics at the time was 8/10, and the gameplay was pretty funny. There was also a good balance of units, where the allies you covered pretty well.But with access to EDF in 2025, things have changed. On the positive side: the engine change graphics and the transition to Havoc. But why was so much to spoil the Allies (NPC)? They are no longer confused. And all the EDF in 2025 and presented gloomy underground tunnels brighter than the street.And now the main Earth Defence Force 4.1 - is a port with gaming consoles to PC. They came together with the bright colors and missions changed dungeon (now they have become dark, but also added the flashlight to be podsvechevat road in front of you). They changed almost all missions: Now most of the missions you will fight and military equipment (tanks, rail guns). Added 2 new combat vehicles. And completely change the characteristics of all weapons. And as a result we have:Graphics 9/10.Gameplay 10/10.4/10 plot. (It is unnecessary)Fun 99999/10.P.S I beseech you, developers, improve the Allies (NPC), they're useless.EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24457121,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sirwinsalot,"i used the genocide gun to destory the entire city, I SAVED EVERYONE  :DEDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24401595,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,hak,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,30857440,Posted: 31 March,all,Rymante,"Relentless, silly, over-the-top action from Japan!  EDF 4.1 is the best entry in the series (as of writing this review) & this PC port isn't too bad, a fairly modest PC can power past the frame rate slowdown this series is usually notorious for.  Just be aware there is some engrish in the menus & the lobby system for online play might be a little strange.4 unique character classes with very different playstyles coupled with over 90 missions out of the box & an assortment of around 800 useful, insanely powerful or downright silly & useless weapons ensure a long lasting romp should EDF get it's hooks into ya!  Co-op with friends (2 player local splitscreen & 4 player online, splitscreen players cannot go online) make this crazy game even better.If you can deal with some jankiness & somewhat grindy gameplay & adore B-Movie esque cheese, EDF 4.1 is a good time, especially if you can bring a few friends along for the ride.Oh a word of warning, there is friendly fire in co-op, you can't turn it off.Also a note on DLC, only the 2 Mission packs are really worth the money & even then I'd say wait for a sale, they add around 20 super tough missions each with new enemy reskins, they are meant to be attempted after you've beaten the main game.Now go save our Mother Earth from any Alien attack!"
,Recommended,410320,24549665,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"You know when you leave those cookie crumbs lying around, and suddenly you get ants ?It's more or less the same thing here but instead of crumbs, it's people.EDF 4.1 is the 2nd game in the series to have appeared on steam (after insect armageddon) and respectably is a major upgrade from said game in many ways.The plot is relatively simple to understand. Giant alien invaders put giant bugs on planet earth to spearhead an invasion. The Earth Defense Force is ready to face this threat by means of leveling entire cities in order to wipe out maybe a handful of them.By means of superior firepower, the EDF is to repel these invaders using the following specialists in the roster- Ranger : Ye'olde run&gunner. Uses guns. Also missiles and the occasional laser.- Air Raider : The dedicated support class. Calls vehicles, turrets, C25, orbital lasers, and so forth. Oh and gundam wing-esque appartment building sized mechs.- Wing Diver : Female elite specialists that carry actual orbital lasers and have limited flight.- Fencer : Imagine Tony Stark on steroids with complete disregard for human life. Essentially a walking talk with a helpless person strapped inside of it (i presume). Focusses heavily on destroying everything by punching it extremely hard with a variety of death inducing tools. Can also use guns. Should not walk.Graphics:  7/10Great for a console port. Minty and crisp, organized, colorful in the right places, ambient in the right places. Nothing wrong here. The graphics options are lacking but you don't really need them. This isn't an award winning GFX demo, but it does what it does extremely well. Wish there were more armor options.Audio: 8/10Solid voice acting, hectic effects, great atmospheric music that really captures the entire fight. Great stuff.Gameplay: 10/10Probably the most satisfying experience in a long time for fans of the genre. Like IA the game revolves around destroying anything with more than 2 legs and / or the size of a house. Pets excluded.The solo play is good enough but the real fun comes out in coop. The amount of awesome you can possibly experience in a single day is distilled into pure awesome and beamed directly into your forehead using the latest W7F technology. Seriously, coop in this game is literally the best thing in the universe when it comes to ""how do i make this game amazing with more than one person"".Difficulty: 10/10.Solid AI, solid mission objectives and solid challenges. You won't ever blame something on the AI for being unfair, because it's challenging but fair. Sometimes it feels easy, sometimes it feels hard, sometimes it feels impossible, but that's why you have 4 classes and 100+ loadout options per class. Coop scaling is well balanced.Overall: 9/10 (personal 10/10)Has a few ironing issues but absolutely minor. Fantastic game and reccomended to anyone and their unborn children.ADD: If you want to know what EDF is all about, skip to 7:00 of the first trailer on steam."
,Recommended,410320,29741097,Posted: 6 February,all,Meows,Lengthy 4 player co-op campaign which introduces new things every 1-3 levels.4 different classes to play.Mind blowingly fun for what it is.Only con I can see is the armor grinding you might have to do to play harder difficulties more easily.Easily pick this up with some friends if your wanting some fun.
,Recommended,410320,24693683,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Box,TO SAVE OUR MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACK!EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,32706599,Posted: 23 June,all,Wilbur Cobb,"First mission:I had no idea what the controls were, and I didn't really know what was going on, I just started pulling right trigger till everything died.I though, ""So far the hordes are huge! But you whipe them out quickly.""I made it all the way to an open road, EDF transmission says, ""Ok here come's the enemy. You must protect the tanks!""I thought it was gonna be like before, NOPE! Got swarmed by like 5 million of those bugs, all my men and tanks just die in the first 3 seconds and I just mash right trigger all the way to glory!I say, it was worth the $30.EDF !! EDF !!!"
76561198026303402,Recommended,410320,24474563,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Von Langstein,"Myself and two other friends got the game yesterday. sat down and played 12.8 hours in one sitting. Best purchase I made in ages. I love everything about this, set the voice to Japanese you wont regret it. Now a massive fanboy. UI takes a bit of time to get used to but it works well. the diversity of weapons in this game is insane. The weeb in me is happy"
76561198135546620,Recommended,410320,25416877,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Anime fan on prom night,"If you are a pretentious snob who thinks video games are supposed to be pieces of art, full of cutscenes, cinematics that rival Kwaiden and a plot that attempts to rival Citezen Kane, go away. This game might be too fun to be good. Go play another walking simulator.For normal people who play video games for entertainment this is one of the best video games to come out in at least the last decade. Earth Defense Force 2025 (A.K.A 4.1) is an unpretentious, pure, and wonderfully absurd third person shooter that pits the EDF against an evil alien threat hell-bent on conquering earth with an army of giant insects and building-sized alien robots. It's a game that combines Starship Troopers, classic Toho films, with a dash of  a (more or less)Power Rangers vibe. From it's gameplay to it's gleefully cheesy dialouge EDF never once forgets that it's a entertainment product first and foremost.EDF if you have never played it before, is about fighting large waves of enemies using a vast array of destructive weapons, in a fully destructible 3D envoirnment. Essentially the closest you can get to a modern 3D equivalent of Robotron 2084. And there are a lot of weapons. Different character classes can carry a different number into battle, for example a Ranger can carry two weapons, and you choose them before starting a mission. Weapons range from assault rifles, to missile launchers, even rocket launchers that can annihillate an entire city block with one shot.  The game has 4 character classes each with it's own strengths.-The Ranger- He is your generic soldier whom is mostly unremarkable, but the most well balanced class. He has decent move speed, and a dodge roll. He has access to the more conventional weapons and is the best class to start playing the game at until you unlock better missions for armor/weapon farming for the other classes.-The Wing diver- She is the most mobile but the least armored. She can fly around the battlefield and rain death from above. Unfortuanately the Wing Diver has a an energy meter that decreases as she flies, and this meter is also used to reload many of her weapons-The Fencer-Initially starts out near useless because of his starting weapons and abnoxiously slow move speed. He needs to utilize jump jets to get around at an acceptable level. The trade off? He can get some of the most powerful weapons in the game. He also has the quickest armor gain.Air Raider- A support oriented class, not as good in direct combat, but he is the only one who can call in vehicles.A lot of missions have minor updates and there are a couple of new missions. They added the Kaiju and ""Walking Fortresses"" from 2017. A few new vehicles as well, and a mech.There's only two issues witht the game I have.1.Most weapons are blatantly better than others.2.Unlike in 2017 you can NOT use vehicles unless you are a Air Raider, or are playing co-op and have an Air raider to request vehicles. It would have been nice if they could have added pre-placed unpiloted vehicles in single player to use if you are playing as a Ranger, and there is only one mission that I know of where you can pilot a vehicle. And that one be one of the several new missions, there is one that you get to use the new mech.Easily recomennded to anyone who enjoys japanese monster movies, cheesy movies in general, fast paced arcade action, and games that are fun above all else."
,Recommended,410320,28212619,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Delãny,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attack, ~♫from vicious, giant insects who have once again come back, ~♫we'll unleash all forces! We won't cut them any slack! ~♫THE EDF DEPLOOOYS! ~♫"
76561198070899330,Recommended,410320,30089591,Posted: 21 February,all,Meteor Bear,"Had this originally for the PS3 and absolutely loved it, best co op game ever. Would recommend to  anyone that likes having fun."
76561198045037532,Recommended,410320,30277523,Posted: 2 March,all,KevAnthony,One of the best Coop-Games Ever.So much fun :)Looking forward to EDF 5 !
,Recommended,410320,24434976,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Marie☆Aralonia,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198022136416,Recommended,410320,24437876,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,XenoAlbedo,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attack,From vicious giant insects who have once again come back,We'll unleash all our forces! We won't cut them any slack!The EDF deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their JetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,31048298,Posted: 9 April,all,ToxicPancakes,Remember that scene in Godzilla : Final Wars where the mutants fought Ebirah?(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpO_eLX-gXkfor those who haven't)This game is that scene but 50x more ridiculous
,Recommended,410320,25078935,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Richard Rear,Dumb in all of the best ways.
76561197979648784,Recommended,410320,34543699,Posted: 27 August,all,SolidSubstance,"This game is like the purifed, raw form of FUN.  Can't really put it any other way.Sure, graphics aren't the best, but this game really shows you how graphics don't reflect how much fun you'll have!I'm sure you've read other reviews, so all I'll say is that this game gave me one of the best times I've had in a video game in recent years."
,Recommended,410320,24404522,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Oushin,To save our mother earth from any alien attackfrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backwe'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!EDF! EDF! EDF!'nuff said.
,Recommended,410320,34431313,Posted: 22 August,all,Celestialist,"Get in the ♥♥♥♥ing robot, Shinji."
,Recommended,410320,24401388,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Usmovers_02,"This review is for EDF vets and is based on the first 76 levels of the PC game compared to the 360/PS4 versions of the game which I spent hundreds of hours on a piece. So far this is almost exactly what I wanted from a PC release. In all but 2 of the 76 levels I've played I haven't dropped to a single frame below 60 FPS. And this is in split screen always and usually using a rocket launcher that rapid fires meaning lots of building collapsing. In those 74 levels no dips at all with a i7 4790k, GTX 980Ti. However I've noticed substantial dips in city levels with dragons and rocket launchers. One level I dropped to 45-50 a handful of times but for no more than 2-3 seconds. All smooth sailing otherwise. But another level saw frequent 10-15 second drops to 30 FPS but never lower and VERY steady. Even with the dips I would not say it's  a choppy experience at all.With minimal testing however it seems that the game doesn't support custom resolutions and graphics options are essentiall nonexistant."
,Recommended,410320,24402836,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Constantine XI,"Probably one of the best Jap ports I've seen yetEDF is a fantastic third person game about killing hordes and hordes of giant insects, with 4 different classes to choose from and something like 700 unique weaponsWhole environment's huge and filled with destructable buildings, but not very detailed to compensate, I personally think this is a decent trade offNo idea if its well optimized or not, I'm running it on a top of the line system so I have no idea how it'll run on mid-low tier systems, but I've heard good thingsAgain, gameplay's fantastic but the story's pretty generic. This doesn't bother me, and it shouldn't bother you, because just like John Carmack once said:Story in a game is like a story in a porn movie. It's expected to be there, but it's not that important."
,Recommended,410320,24401462,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Nakadashi,Remember when video games used to be fun? EDF 4.1 sure does.
,Recommended,410320,24466554,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Genoard,"Ever wanted those cool huge-scaled war battles with BIG enemies you see in movies to be made into videogame, but the closest you got was yet another AAA-game with just some cool-looking but non-interactable background action while you're dealing with a maximum of ~10 enemies at once? Look no further!Alien ships so big it takes a whole minute for them to fall after you shoot them down! Hundreds of enemies on screen simultaneously! (flying ones can literally cover all the visible sky around you) Giant robots sending you flying with their steps! Kill them all while shouting cheesy one-liners or singing inspiring songs along with teammates!The most fun videogame i've played in quite a while. Sharing this experience with friends makes it 10 times better."
,Recommended,410320,24403656,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Brackhar,This game is so good I have bought it five times.
,Recommended,410320,24410557,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,HomeZz,"The PC release of Earth Defense Force 4.1 has been the greatest triumph of the series. The improved, and optimized graphics, free the series of some of its crippling downfalls. This is the best EDF game to date."
76561198024944481,Recommended,410320,24789056,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MobileCameron,"A shining example of what makes a good video game. It doesn't have a big huge dramatic story, but instead focuses on the main point of a video game, the gameplay. You shoot bugs to protect mother earth. That's it, and it's wonderful. Legtimately one of the best games I've played in a very, very long time. Get this if you love video games.I would also like to add the fact that this game cured me of my Arachnophobia. I'm certain it won't fully go away, but EDF taught me that you can always just shoot them."
,Recommended,410320,25319347,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Pineapple Pizza,"Do you like the idea of a game where you don't have to think too much, but just get to blast away at hordes of huge enemies with anything from lasers to explosive plasma blasts to lightning guns?Where you can wreck the environment, causing more explosions and turning more skyscrapers into rubble than a Michael Bay movie?Then this game is for you.The basics of the games is this: Earth is being invaded by giant insects, arachnoids, alien spaceships, giant robots and more. Are these things connected? Who cares? Just let HQ worry about that while you mop up the enemy forces to the sound of your fellow soldiers singing songs about the EDF.Graphics are not exactly top notch, but I suppose that's the tradeoff for having such huge scale battles. There's a city map, for example, with skyscrapers tall enough to make me want to avoid the edge just because the height makes my self-preservation reflexes kick in XDThere are 4 classes to play and 5 difficulties. Normal starts off relatively easy, but ramps up quite a bit during the midgame missions. It's what I played through the entire game at, though I did have to go back to some earlier missions on higher difficulties to get the weapon drops I needed to overcome certain levels.It took me about 24 hours to go through all the missions on Normal difficulty (not counting DLC missions) with the flying Wing Diver class, which was a ton of fun. I expect I'll try one of the other classes soon to see how they play.I also spent something like 2 hours in multiplayer with a friend. The multiplayer lobby system is a bit clunky, but once you're in a game together it seems to work just fine.Music is overall fine, though it seemed a bit uneven in volume depending on where you were in relation to the action (could be someting with my system, I guess). The voice acting feels just cheesy enough to fit in a game like this. The ragdolling can be quite hilarious depending on what weapons are used, but seeing a ~8 meters tall robot flying off in 4 different direction after an airstrike hardly ever gets old :)TLDR: It's like an 80s/90s B-movie - the game. Starship Troopers meets Independence Day, only turned up to 11."
,Recommended,410320,33743039,Posted: 23 July,all,FunFunFunFunFunFunFunFunFunFun,Amazing arcade shooter. Could be cheaper ($50 at time of writing for a 4 year old game) Highly recommend when it goes on sale
,Recommended,410320,30764419,Posted: 26 March,all,Indubitably¸,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,25639421,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,MIMU,"Absurd, cheesy, intentionally overacted, and an absolute blast.This is the equivalent of a B-movie you pop in with a few friends and a couple drinks in you, gather around, and laugh at how crazy it is. You won't find anything this deliciously full of ham and cheese at your local deli. And to top it off, it's really fun to play.What's the story? Something about an alien invasion? Who cares! Time to strap on some armor, grab a rocket launcher and a curiously-powerful handful of firecrackers, and blow up some giant bugs and robots, all while singing the EDF anthem to the tune of the Battle Hymn of the Republic!Your controls couldn't be much simpler. Move, shoot, reload, change weapons, use key for entering vehicles or reviving co-op partners. The only thing to take note of is that jumping and dodge-rolling are bound to the same key as a Ranger. You can only jump when moving straight forward or straight back. Going at an angle will cause you to dodge roll. I can't comment on how this is for controllers, but after a little adjustment, mouse & keyboard players should have few issues with it.This game is not exactly what you call balanced and I wager that is by design. This can be both good and bad; you can utterly curbstomp hordes of enemies when you're kitted out properly, but unfortunately, if you're not, it can be you getting curbstomped. Difficulties above normal can be quite a wake-up call as larger enemies can take a huge beating and do an incredible amount of damage, easily one-shotting players in some cases. And since friendly fire is not optional, this can result in lots of accidental collateral. When the game warns you to increase your max health and gather good weapons before trying higher levels, IT MEANS IT.Technically, I've had almost no problems. However, my friend uses an unconventional control scheme that utilizes the arrow keys. These are permanently bound to quick chat functions and cannot be rebound. Unless you have some keymapping software such as Razer Synapse, you're just out of luck there. There aren't many graphics scaling options either, but I wager that this won't be too big of an issue unless you're running a pretty old machine.But if you want a game that you can pick up and play for either a few minutes or hours at a time and have a grand ol' time either solo or with friends (splitscreen co-op!), you can't go wrong here. THE EDF DEPLOYS!"
,Recommended,410320,24406967,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,noahalmighty,"Highly recommend.Well it took 13 years to bring the official EDF steam (excluding the Insect Armageddon version made by Viscious Cycle Software), and the wait is finally over.For the overdue Steam release they made it count! Running at 1080p at 60FPS and instant loading times, it's almost like playing it for the first time. This truly brings all the fun of the classic arcade shooter with none of the non-since you see in a lot of modern day games. The game does not take it self seriously , and is not trying to be real world realistic in looks or psychics, but that is part of what makes this game different.What you get.1080P bug killing non-stop action.60FPS for liquid smooth game play.Over 800 weapons to use.4 different characters with there own weapon load outs.Randomized enemies spawn locations for even better replay value.Over 80 missions to beat and some online only missions.Destructible environment.Online Co-op and vs.What you don't get.There are no unskippable cut scenes. (don't you just hate games with long drawn out cut scenes)No fetch quest busy work(find a trinket across the map and then bring it to xyz)Long loading times like on the Xbox 360 / PS3 2025 version.(Seems to be issues for AMD users until a patch comes out,  but I'm a Intel owner so no issues for me at all)"
,Recommended,410320,26201094,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Sparky Stardust Summers,"Catharsis: The Game. Single handedly the best shooter I've ever played, though I'm a person that usually doesn't play shooters. I loved 2017 back when I played on the 360, and when I heard 2027 was coming to PC, I was overjoyed. Now I play it with my dad and my uncle, and I'm on a bit of a personal quest to 100% this one like I almost did on 2017.It can be a little frustrating on some missions that I've learned to fear. Sometimes I'll want to throw my keyboard. But getting past those missions is a great feeling."
,Recommended,410320,33297670,Posted: 5 July,all,Eiggy,"I came for the giant bugs, I stayed for the intense battles with highly varied classes."
,Recommended,410320,30855277,Posted: 31 March,all,schwarbage,Fun game. Great co-op.
,Recommended,410320,24401914,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Saint Satan,12 year old me would have had wet dreams about this game.
,Recommended,410320,24733904,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Nerkles,"In a sea of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games being release in the past two years, this is a real video game."
,Recommended,410320,26794598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cowbell,"The plot of the game:Professor Scientist: Forgive me for intruding on your frequency. I have been researching these giant bugs, and my findings may just be the key to saving our planet from disaster! From our perspective, these giant creatures are insects, yet to them we might be seen as the pests. It's truly an enigma. These bugs are tougher than they were when we defeated them seven years ago. However, our guns are also tougher! It is my belief that hitting these insects with our strongest guns is our best chance of stopping them. Are they our intergalactic neighbors, or something more sinister? Eliminate all the aliens!"
76561198063041932,Recommended,410320,25882199,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,dicksmash007,best game ever made
,Recommended,410320,29362491,Posted: 19 January,all,AND I'M FREEEEEE,"I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man,I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life!When it comes crashing down, and it hurts inside,ya' gotta take a stand, it don't help to hide,Well, you hurt my friends, and you hurt my pride,I gotta be a man; I can't let it slide,I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man,I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life!I feel strong about right and wrong,And I don't take trouble for very long,I got something deep inside of me, and courage is the thing that keeps us free,I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man,I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life!Well you hurt my friends, and you hurt my pride,I gotta be a man; I can't let it slide,I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man,I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life!I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man,I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life!"
76561197999892992,Recommended,410320,24401398,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Noodle Bandit,My first Earth Defence Force game and I'm loving it so far. It's just mindless fun for hours to come with over 80 missions and 800 collectible weapons found throughout the game which gives it alot of replayabilty. Looking forward to detroying mass amounts of giant insects for hours on end :D
,Recommended,410320,24405895,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Jiveturkey43,Holy ♥♥♥♥ this is a lot of fun. Can't wait to play with friends. It stays true to the old EDF games but adds more. Love the diversity between classes. Menu and options could be more fleshed out (you can easily tell it's a console port) but I don't think it impacts the enjoyment from this game at all.
76561197993554220,Recommended,410320,24585703,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Dissophent,"I've played the game enough now to have a solid opinion on it.  I recommend this to anyone who loves run and gun, asymmetrical class archetypes and general destruction and decimation of entire city blocks.  It has fantastic(and active) co-op campaigns with plenty of replayable challenge modes to try.Pros:-Replayable-Upwards of a hundred missions with many different enemies to fight-Challenging in a good way-Asymmetrical class gameplay where every class brings something good to the table-Highly Destructible environments, buildings and vehicles go up in flames and crumbles-Fast paced, hectic gameplay with most missions averaging between 5-20 minutes-Hundreds of guns to choose from-Runs well-Co-op and splitscreen work flawlesslyCons:-The menu and UI are controlled via wasd and the mouse has a weird draw on the selection(move your mouse and you may select the wrong thing)-Limited options menu.  Basically all you can change are vsync, AA and ratio/fullscreen and windowed.  No borderless here.  There are key rebindings but some seemed to be missing, but that could have just been me missing them.-Controller is sometimes fussy with splitscreen, even using a proprietary xbox controller-Dated graphics, though great taken as a whole are pretty much PS3 level of quality.  This REALLY shouldn't deter you, though.-The picking up of items and armor isn't completely intuitive.  If you kill the last enemy and haven't managed to grab everything(especially difficult for air raider and mostly ranger due to their limited mobility) you're pretty much SoL for whatever dropped.-Many items are fun but just aren't useful.  There are literally hundreds of guns to pick from but many are just so unwieldy that they're immediately outclassed.  This isn't surprising given the sheer number of available loadouts  but it's still a con.In summary I think this is a great game but it's definitely not for everyone.  I love looting and killing things in interesting ways and this game has that in spades.  The classes are all unique and fun to play in their own way.  You can always bring something useful to the team and your loadout can heavily determine your success in a particular mission.  The game doesn't swamp you with bulletsponges but rather enemies that are legitimately dangerous.  Their health DOES go up with difficulty but it's hardly ever an unreal amount that can't be overcome by using the right weapons and strategy.This game basically took the premise""Wouldn't it be cool if....?""and ran with it.If you want to see a few of the earlier missions played in hardmode; my friend and I did a first impressions video!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH4FFt4IS2I&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,410320,29559462,Posted: 29 January,all,Legerity,"The EDF series is arguably one of the best co-op games I have ever played. The game is very very simple. You shoot bugs, get loot from them (weapons and armor) then do this repeatedly. Sounds boring right? Not at all.Me and a friend have played 2017, Insect Armageddon and 2025. This one is the premier of the bunch. If Insect Armageddon was your first I am sorry because that's just a mediocre experience compared to these.Gameplay:There are 4 separate classes with all unique attributes and weapons.-Fencer is a slow moving armored soldier (if he's too slow look of dash canceling)-Air Raider which is a supportive type character that can lay down healing beacons, vehicles and call down airstrikes and orbital beams-Wing Diver is a jump jet trooper that uses the sky to assault. Has laser and plasma based weaponry. Has an interesting functionality where if you shoot your gun or reload it it drains jet pack fuel. So it's something you have to manage well.-Ranger is a bread and butter basic soldier. Just solid in firepower and movement.Ammo is infinite for almost every gun and it's balanced by reload times. (Some weapons specify how much you can use it)Guns range from hilariously bad and niche to wicked godly and just plain cool.Movement for every character is unique and takes time to master.StoryYeah, story is interesting. From playing all the titles on the console at least the most I can tell is that Aliens have sent giant bugs to exterminate humans back in 2017 and they buried themselves underground and have now came back. Something like that. You can tell the series seriously borrows from old B movie type plots especially in the tear inducing dialog that will make you laugh so damn hard. It's fantastic if you love cheesyness and ham levels to the max.Game engineThis is what makes this game great. The maps are huge, sometimes cycled through its vast amount of levels (80+) and every building is destructible. If something is in the way blow it up. The way the enemies react to explosives are also great. Shoot a rocket or throw a grenade and bugs will go sky high or fly out in bits in a different direction. Just makes it so much more fun.Graphics are lack luster, however they gotta be. You are fighting sometimes an upwards of 100 units plus firing weapons that sometimes have 100+ projectiles AND your partners if you are playing with them in a vast environment. Settings from the menu as I understand are hardly tweakable. Bout the most you can do is change Anti Aliasing. This game ran fine on a GTX 1070 with an i7 6700k.There are hundreds of weapons to collect, hundreds of hours to sink in, and hundreds of memories to make with friends.Well? What are you waiting for? JOIN THE EDF TODAY, AND I BUY THE WHOLE PLATOON STEAKS!"
,Recommended,410320,33411016,Posted: 9 July,all,Lyian,there's no mod to remove spiders from the game but you can stay far enough away most of the time8/10 needs more waifu
,Recommended,410320,33192251,Posted: 3 July,all,Zero Steelfist,"EDF 4.1 is hard to desrcibe as anything other than bombastic. This game provides you with literally hundreds of different options for blasting, burning, smashing, sniping, slicing and otherwise destroying hordes of enemies. At any time you may have more than 100 foes onscreen, each one individually is not striking with its visual detailing but the sheer numbers keep you too busy to care. Enemies include a fair number of different types, introduced over the course of the campaign, though you will kill a hell of a lot of ants. Fun to play solo, way more fun to play as a group.Personally I found it to get slightly tedious about the 50th mission if you did not have more players to help deal with the numbers but don't let that stop you from picking up Earth Defense Force 4.1.EDF! EDF! EDF!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24559144,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Kaiten,"A very good PC port I must say, I had the PS3 version a while back, couldn’t bear to play it much due to the frame rate issue it had and was thinking about getting the PS4 version until I saw this game coming on steam so I got this one instead. Made the perfect choice, all about killing giant insects and Alien robots and over 80 missions. Can be a grind fest but however can be really fun.8.5/10"
,Recommended,410320,25890440,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kira is a Tomato,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attack,From vicious giant insects who have once again come back,We'll unleash all our forces,We won't cut them any slack,The E.D.F deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threats,The Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their jets,And nothing can withstand our fixed bayonettes,The EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soup,The EDF deploys!So, are we winning?"
,Recommended,410320,25222510,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Rumfoy,Pros:+ Simplistic and fun combat.+ Longevity (maybe 400+hrs to 100% completion?)+ Cheesy B-movie'ish plot.Cons:- Repetitive gameplay/mission objectives - kill all enemies.- Friendly AI is atrocious.- Awful character and enemy design.
76561198000025966,Recommended,410320,29196441,Posted: 11 January,all,bobgarrish,"This game is just really, really good.  Four classes that are all very different, all with their own giant arsenal of weapons, weapons drop as loot so lots of replayability.  Mostly, though, they just nailed the gameplay so it's super fun to blow up a bunch of giant insects and level half the city while you're at it."
,Recommended,410320,30012574,Posted: 18 February,all,HP Witchcraft,"Fun as hell game, especially if you got friends to play with. If you're a fan of the movie starship troopers this is a must own."
,Recommended,410320,24402518,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Amaurus,"For those who played Earth Defense Force 2017 on the Xbox 360, this is the game you want. For those who played Insect Armageddon on the PC, this game is vastly superior to it in almost every single way.At the time of release, the game does have a few quirks, but with the promise of mod support, even with these minor quirks the game is easily playable.One of the first things you will notice when you start this game is the extremely weird mouse behavior in the menu. Do not let this fool you though, the mouse and keyboard support in this game is about average. The menus are best navigated with WASD and spacebar.Carried over from the PS4 version are quite a number of quirks that will annoy some players. For example, at this time, release day, there is no option for a push to talk button in multiplayer. Meaning you will have to turn off voice chat as the host if you plan on playing with your friends and using a voip program such as skype, teamspeak, discord, etc.Performance wise, the game runs well so far. As an experienced player of the game (I played it on the PS4 and previous games in the series), the later missions will absolutely lag you. This game will not hesitate to sacrifice 60 fps for 100 more enemies and hundreds more projectiles. The options for adjusting the game quality are very few though. If you cannot run this game well, I do not know what you can do to improve your performance. There is no option for borderless windowed mode and the framerate is capped at 60 FPS for the time being. Compared to the PS4 version, scenes that would normally cause my framerate to dip into the single digits on the console wouldn't even make my computer flinch.Regarding the DLC, almost all of it is cosmetic and effectively worthless for the time being. There is absolutely no reason to buy most of them. In the future there will be two mission packs that will be released. The mission packs will include a total of about 40 missions together.The game is senseless fun and a good challenge at times. With over 80 missions to play through and 4 classes to play with, this game has a large amount of replayability with plenty of goals to set yourself towards.If you are curious about the game, but on the edge, I recommend watching a streamer on Twitch play the game. You'll get a pretty good idea on how it plays."
,Recommended,410320,24490351,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Shumu,"Have you ever wanted to know what it feels like to be a pikmin? You're on a planet that you're native to, where a voice keeps telling you what to do and you listen. Fighting massives monsters that could probably swallow you whole, and watching the 20-30 clones of you die right next to you as you do your masters goal. In the end you get a bunch of garbage with names you don't understand, but will use to pay your debt you owe to the overlords.You also sing. That's pretty cool.I hate bugs, but this game is pretty damn fun. (I highly recommend MP even alone, just host a room and get some randos)."
,Recommended,410320,24454411,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Fayt,This game really puts a whole new perspective on the movie A Bugs Life
,Recommended,410320,24433851,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,FUZZY COBALT,"Brilliant dialogue.Powerful and deep story.Incredible character development.Groundbreaking graphics.Perfect realistic physics.This is the perfect game for someone who is looking for a no-nonsense, realistic military shooter."
,Recommended,410320,24410439,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Calorie Mate,"Kill it with fire: the game.Buildings crumble all around you as giant dragons walk right through them. Citizens running and screaming in terror everywhere. Somewhere there's another EDF soldier screaming that he's being eaten alive and on top of that you have an alien ""expert"" chiming in over the com, laying down the facts about this new type of enemy and how it should be named. And as if that's not enough, suddenly your squadmates start singing the EDF song.That'sEDF for you: a pure B-movie in videogame form. Both, thematically and gameplay wise.And talking about gameplay, EDF is as straightforward as an arcade game gets. Run & gun, roll, dash, charge up etc. Everything is there, spread out over the four classes. The classes are:Ranger classis the standard ground soldier, which comes with a great variety in weapons. Rifles, shotguns, sniper rifles, grenade launchers etc. you know the drill. Often considered the most boring class, but I like it a lot. Versatility is the key here.Air Raideris the support class. Call in tanks and other vehicles, call for air strikes/raids or deploy various tools to the battlefield, such as energy barriers, health, energy ammo etc. or just mark enemies for your teammates' weapons. This guy really shines in multiplayer since he's highly customizable and has a great range of different tools to his disposal to fit whatever your team needs.Winged Diveris a fast flying class using regenerating energy for both, flying and shooting her weapons. She's pretty quick, and like the Fencer has a knock down recovery, to get her back up easily. Chargable laser weapons and homing rockets to rain terror down from the sky are her main tools.Fenceris the heavy guy of the game, which's specialty is having four instead of two weapons slots. Which also can be filled anyway you like. Two sets of gatling guns at the same time? Sure! Dual wielding melee weapons? Why not?! His weapon range consists of shields, heavy artillery to close combat weapons such has lances and hammers. Since he's slow as hell, he comes with two different dashes, depending on which set of guns you're using.It's kinda hard to describe how the game feels when playing, if you've never experienced it yourself. EDF has a mission based system, with varying objectives(which mostly come down to ""blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of giant insects"")but still has kind of an arena shooter feeling to it. Ever played Geometry Wars? EDF often feels exactly like that kind of game, only in third person, and with a bunch of guys singing and shouting...Port wise, the settings are fairly basic. Resolution, AA, Anisotropic filtering and Shadows off/on, are all you get. And tbh, it doesn't feel like the game needs more, because it runs flawlessly. I was really concerned because we all know how Japanese ports can turn out, especially from devs new to the PC. But this port really is amazing.  Where it visibly dipped in frames on the console, it's pulling straight 60FPS across the board here.The price point may be a bit of a dealbreaker for some, because on PC, we're used to getting older titles considerably cheaper, or at least bundled with all previously released DLC(see Senran Kagura for example.)But the content of EDF makes it worth the price in my opinion. Be it singleplayer, co-op with friends, or splitscreen with your buddy, EDF delivers pure and straightforward arcade fun, the way that only Japanese devs are able to deliver.EDF is certainly a game you either love or hate. I for one, certainly love it. I mean how many other games let you sing the first line of a song, and your AI squadmates automatically sing the next line in turn?One warning at the end: If you think about getting Insect Armageddon for its cheap price instead, to see if you actually like this kind of game -don't!While thematically similar, the games are worlds apart in terms of gameplay and content quality, and you'll get nothing out of it."
,Recommended,410320,24410149,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Izzatso?,"Near flawless Victory in the Port Department...60 FPS in 1080p on a:Windows 10 ProMB Asus M5A78L-M/USB316 GB Crucial 2100 Mhz Dual ChannelAMD FX-8350MSI GTX 960 2 GB VRAMNo OCOnboard SoundGames installed on an SCANDISK II SSD 480 GBNvidia 368.81Solo Gameplay is ok for Weapon Grinding but the Online Part is one of the best CO/OP Modes i ever played...Trashy, Mindless Fun with Friends and Strangers, more Weapons as on a NRA Convention...The Surprise Sommer Hit 2016: EDF EDF EDF....*Update* The Day One DLC is pure Cosmetic and more of a Kick-Start for the first few Missions and in my Opinion not worth the Money, because you find better Stuff really fast on Hard Difficult."
,Recommended,410320,24404450,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Richard Billyham,"One of the greatest game ever, this game is very simple, kill all the alien bugs.It will suprise you how much fun this game have with such ""simple"" and ""repetitive"" premise.It's very hard to make such simple premise this fun, many games tried to fill it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deep story, complex gameplay mechanics doesn't even come close to how much fun EDF has.Play this game with friends is one of the greatest game play experience ever. Buy it!!EDF!EDF!EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24429944,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,LiDDeRz,"This game is awesome!It is Dynasty warriors (less characters but wayyyyyyyyyyy more weapons) meets Starship troopers and then adds independance day!Alien ships, massive bugs and screaming civilians all mixed together with a jolly band of EDF! EDF EDF EDF EDF!!!!!!!!This is a grindy game which comes a cross as kinda low budget, that does not take any of the fun away at all though.80+ missions and 4 difficulties so far, each with there own item and armour level cap so boosting is way harder than normal in a game like this.Grab your friends or if you don't have any the match making is super!GO KILL SOME BUGS!!!!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24511526,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SHIZZ-LORD,เป็นเกมที่ถ้าเล่นคนเดียว น่าจะน่าเบื่อ+ธรรมดามากๆ เลยนะแต่พอ Co-op เท่านั้นแหละ (ยิ่งกะเพื่อนนะ) เกมแมร่งโครตทรงคุณค่าเลย อย่างฮา ถถถถถ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------รายละเอียดเพิ่มเติม (คร่าวๆ นะ เพราะยังเล่นไม่ครบทุกด่าน)เราจะได้เล่นเป็นหน่วย EDF ไล่ฉีดไบกอนใส่แมลงต่างดาวตัวยักษ์ (ไบกอนก็ปืนนั่นแหละ)การเล่นเป็นแบบเลือก Mission เลือกคลาส เลือกอาวุธแล้วเล่นให้จบเป็นด่านๆ ไป โดย Objective ส่วนใหญ่ที่เจอคือฆ่าให้หมดมีคลาสให้เลือกเล่น 4 คลาส1. Ranger - ทหารราบธรรมดา แต่ใช้อาวุธได้หลากหลาย สามารถขับยานพาหนะของ Air Raider ได้2. Air Raider - ยูนิตซัพพอร์ต อาวุธกากกว่า Ranger เพราะส่วนใหญ่จะเน้นฮีล บัฟ เรียก Artillery Support และที่เด่นสุดๆ เลยคือใช้พาหนะได้ 1 อย่าง มีตั้งแต่มอเตอร์ไซค์กีกี้ ไปยันหุ่นยักษ์ตัวใหญ่กว่าตึก3. Wing Diver - ยูนิตประเภทเดียวที่บินได้ อาวุธจะเป็นประเภท Energy ที่สามารถ Regen เองได้ Energy จะใช้ทั้งในการบิน และเป็นกระสุนให้อาวุธ ถ้าเผลอใช้หมดถัง ต้องรอคูลดาวน์ เพราะ Overheat4. Fencer - ตู้เย็นเดินได้ (คลาสนี้ไม่ค่อยได้เล่น ข้อมูลน้อย) อึด ถึก ช้า อาวุธแรง แต่ยังสามารถแดชหรือกระโดดได้ในระยะสั้นๆความสนุกของเกมนี้อาจจะเป็นการสะสมอาวุธและทดลองใช้อาวุธซึ่งมีอยู่หลากหลายมาก ใน Mission ที่เรารับมาพวกแมลงอาจจะดรอปกล่องอาวุธมา และเมื่อเราเล่นจบด่านนั้นๆ เราก็จะได้อาวุธในกล่องนั้นมา ซึ่งได้แบบ Random อาจจะได้ของดี ของกาก หรืออาจจะของซ้ำก็ได้ ซึ่งคุณภาพของอาวุธจะขึ้นอยู่กับความยากของด่านที่เราเล่น ยิ่งยาก ของแรร์ยิ่งมีโอกาสตกมาก
,Recommended,410320,24602700,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Juken,"What I like most about EDF is how they don't focus on grafix like western devs do, and they instead focus on making it a chaotic bundle of fun with large maps and dozens of enemies coming at once, with heated dialogue to keep the game lively.More games need to focus on the gameplay like EDF does. The gaming industry would be much better off."
,Recommended,410320,24608481,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Nik,"One of those games that don't get the hype they deserve. Forgotten, unknown except from a selected few, yet deserving much, much more.The 800+ weapons are not just ""upgrade"" of the previous version, they are almost always featuring particular behaviours that makes them unique.The classes are very different from each other, each with its strength that makes it fun to play.I love this game both solo and co-op."
,Recommended,410320,24641814,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,MissingNoGuy55,"Do you hate bugs? Do you wish you could shoot/burn/maim them all in a safe environment?Do you also think robots are the biggest threat to humanity?Then THIS GAME IS FOR YOU. Earth Defense Force is hard to explain exactly what it is. It's like if... Hulk: Ultimate Destruction, Crackdown, Prototype, and other open-world superhero games had an orgy. Because really, this is like the kid that would come out of that. It was slated to be born from awesomeness, and inherit that fully. Oh, it isn't open-world though, so there's that.It's so fun, you're really missing out if you don't play it."
76561198070411644,Recommended,410320,24404376,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,psphabmixay,"Just to point out in this review, the only reason I stopped to make this is because my game crashed after getting blown up by Hectors too much. If that didn't happen, I would have kept playing and lose out on sleep.Current bad things so far was just that crash and a strange slowdown when changing equipment in online mode.As a fan of the EDF series, there's so much to tell that I'd lose sleep on trying to describe it.It's a good, fun, blow everything up game. Buy it.I'm going to get some sleep now before the temptation draws me back in."
76561197992913271,Recommended,410320,24412635,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Folv,"*UPDATE* - For many players running with a Phenom ii CPU (or any that does not run the SSE 4.1 present within the game) the game is unplayable, but recently many of us have received emails addressing the issue - and based on what I have seen it does appear that the game functions well otherwise and I know I have enjoyed EDF games in the past. Because they have acknowledged the problem and attempted to contact us to make this known, I happily shift my review to postive.Email:*UPDATE* - Many AMD users who sent in emails received this from D3 Publisher:Hi,Thanks for reporting your information: game crash of using an AMD processor.We will investigate what is wrong.Please give us a little more time.Thanks for your help, and sorry for any inconvenience.| Original Post |For AMD Phenom II users (relating to the SSE 4.1 used in the game), the game is unplayable. There is a megathread on their steam discussions page that has gone unaddressed, and many users have emailed them with no response.From what I read, the game runs well overall, and having played the ""2025"" version a few years back I can say that I have very much enjoyed this series as far as gameplay is concerned. But if you do have conflicting hardware the game WILL crash on mission start with no workaround [so far]. This is a critical issue that should at the very least be addressed by the development team, but has gotten completely ignored on launch day.I will re-review the game when/if it is fixed if I happen to not refund it by the end of the week (not trying to be condescending, but I will not hold on to an unplayable game). As it stands, I cannot rate a game that is unplayble for a large chunk of the playerbase postively."
,Recommended,410320,24446520,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Hansky,"i forgot how much i loved this seriesit's great stupid fun with multiplayer, a little bit of squad command and giant ♥♥♥♥en monsters dudeit's an amazing port too, getting 60 fps without any troublea lot of vehicle, mech and weapon varietydid i mention you can get a giant mech and punch monsters in their ugly mugs"
,Recommended,410320,28141408,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RagingRapscallion,"This game is a very realistic depiction of 21st century war.1. There is a threat to a city.2. We bomb everything with high tech weaponry leveling half the city in the process.3. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED, threat removed.In all seriousness though; this is the most fun i have had with a game for a really long time. I rarely spend more than 30 euro on a title. This time i had to and it has been worth it already.Everything in this game is simply in there to create more enjoyment, and there are few enough problems (mostly connectivity related) to ignore them completely and just turn off your brain for a few hours.If you enjoy fun buy this game, even if you do it only to support developers who like to create fun, and do it with love."
,Recommended,410320,24429806,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jonbo298,"THIS is the definitive edition of EDF for PC. Runs really smooth with the only frame drops coming from when things get extremely hectic (even then, the worst I had was around 35fps for a few seconds) and may also have to do with the in-game engine having some difficulty keeping up with everything going on at those times. I cannot recommend this enough if you even somewhat enjoyed EDF on consoles.Having splitscreen co-op and 4 player online co-op in a PC game is so much fun and too rare anymore. Weapon and armor boxes being shared by everyone regardless of who picks it up is the best way to do this. The fairly deep list of pre-selected emotes/chat is great. The menu UI is dated looking but still functional. All in all, I don't regret buying this day 1. It's been a long time coming and this has even exceeded my expectations. EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!"
76561197966052454,Recommended,410320,33464515,Posted: 11 July,all,- DaA -,This game is crazy awesome. The good old Sllit-Screen mode brings you back to the good old days.What is really amazing is the countless number of different weapons for each character class. This really is the overall goal of the game. Gather all weapons... and by the way kill all bugs and aliens.Give it a try and share with your friends!
76561197970739339,Recommended,410320,24430361,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"How about a nice cup of liber-tea?Wait, wrong game.EDF! EDF!If you're unfamiliar with the series, then EDF 4.1. Is an amazing place to start. A re-release of EDF 2025, 4.1. is only the second title in the series to be released on PC and is far superior to Insect Armageddon, though that game had much better voice acting and, I think, better-looking player models.A no-nonsense third person shooter, EDF is about teams of relentlessly enthusastic soldiers battling comically oversized insects, spiders, robots and flying saucers bent on world destruction. Along the way, you recieve intel from the stoic mission control guy, the communications officer ladies, and the continually unhelpful panicky scientist, Ohara, as well as the badass pilot of the gunship Whale. The players assume the role of Storm Team, the EDF's top squad capable of defying the odds and securing victories in spite of dwindling reinforcements worldwide. Four player coop, 90+ missions, huge battles, four player classes, 700+ weapons and vehicles, unlimited reloads for your guns, five difficulty settings and a huge number of voice commands. At its core, EDF is all about having fun with friends.Classes include The Ranger, an uncomplicated but dependable infantryman with the largest range of available weapons, the ability to roll through obstacles and to heal NPCs when picking up health items. The Wing Diver, an impractially-armored jetpack-equipped woman with a range of devastating energy weapons. The Air Raider, limited to various sticky-bomb launchers for direct combat but able to call in large array of support items like shield generators, health stations and sentry guns, as well as vehicles: tanks, apcs, motorcycles and mechs, including the giant ""Walking Fortress Balam"", one of the signature additions to this rerelease. Lastly, there is the Fencer, a power-armored walking tank with directional jet boosters and the ability to carry four guns, switching between sets of two.Similarly to a number of other Japanese games like the Musou and Senkoku Basara series, Naval Ops and the Choro-Q games, EDF has a large number of levels and collectibles, with completetion achivements only corresponding to the exact combination of class and difficulty- completing the game on Normal as the Ranger, for instance, would not give you credit for Easy, and furthermore, online progression is entirely seperate from local play. In addition, to unlock the ability to use any weapon on any mission without a level limit, one would need to attain a certain completion percentage- a daunting task, to say the least. EDF has the potential to be an enourmous time sink, and I prefer to play it in moderation with friends, lest one burn themselves out on its straightforward, but largely singular type of gameplay- shooting a lot of bad guys and picking up boxes afterward to increase your maximum health and, hopefully, find new weapons, the drop rate for which is quite low- you end up with a lot of duplicates.It could be argued that EDF is repetitive and tad dull. While the former is quite true, I heartily disagree with the latter. The core gameplay is highly addictive, and the campy tone, bright color palette and solid controls set the series well apart from other shooters available today. I heartily recommend it, especially for coop play."
,Recommended,410320,24440534,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Panzer Vor,"To save our Mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe’ll unleash all our forces! We won’t cut them any slack!The EDF deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their JetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroupThe enemy has multiplied and formed a massive groupWe'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF deploys!"
76561198045853876,Recommended,410320,24405901,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Underdeveloped Potato,300+ hours of this bueaty on the 360 when it was EDF 2025 and i finallly get that PC release i always dreamed about worth every penny even if you dont have freinds to play with this game easily carrys more than 300+ hours of content A++
76561198064321776,Recommended,410320,32844304,Posted: 26 June,all,RedAtari,2017- better than GTA Online
,Recommended,410320,24406900,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,archaznable,"The game runs fine on my setup and played it perfectly.i5 4670k8gb DDR3 RamGTX 970Asus Maximus VI GeneThe game's objective and only objective is to exterminate and shoot ... shoot ... and shoot a lot of bugs and scream EDF! EDF! EDF! ... and nothing more. If you love repetive shooting over and over again and listening to those one liners that will pumped you up to kill more bugs then this game is for you.If you have some phobia's on insects, or bugs specially those huge spiders then stay away from this game will give you a chill down in your spine while playing it.If you are brave enough to conquer your fear of bugs, insects, or spiders then go ahead buy this game. I rate this game 8 / 10 why its because there are a lot of video or graphics setting that are absent with only a couple of setups that you can toggle Anti-Aliasing, Shadow, and AF apart from that you can also adjust the resolution. The game runs smoothly on 60fps playing it on 1080p.  I'm loving this game it gives you the freedom to destroy everything in your path I mean literraly everything like you can destroy building, houses, cars, and flatten them. I haven't played any EDF games and this might be the first one that I played from the series.Well as the good ol Starship Trooper qoutes would say: Trying to kill some bugs sir. Get out of here. GET OUT OF HERE! Honey I shrunk the soldiers."
,Recommended,410320,24406169,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Parsley,I cried when we all sang together because we knew the giant robots will kill us...Brotherhood/10
76561198019596361,Recommended,410320,24417469,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,SirRealism,"Cheesy sci fi that knows exactly what it is.  If that sounds good to you then play this game.  It's just like the last one but with a few additions that make it worth playing all over again.  They added what they call a class system, but really since each class plays so differently it is more like they made four completely different ways to play the game.If you want to play EDF 2017 again but with new challenges then this game is for you."
,Recommended,410320,24438602,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Terragis,"DISCLAIMER: My review will be slighty biased as I have played the GDF/EDF series for a long time.SPECS:(No fps drops or crashes so far and little to no bugs (no pun intended))OS: Windows 7 PremiumRAM: 32gbGPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070CPU: Intel i7-4790k @ 4.00 Ghz 4 coresOh boy, where do I begin? I guess I could start off with a little history before I get into the meat of the review. This series is what got me into gaming, so I guess you could say it was my childhood. You play as a soldier of the EDF or Earth Defense Force fighting an alien threat that came to Earth known as the Ravagers who are hell bent on wiping out humanity. I started playing at the time of Global/Earth Defense Force on the PS2 back in 2005. I had the time of my life and no game to this date has brought me as much mindless joy as this one has. This game is a Genocide Simulator in essence. Yes, it has a story but not one you would expect. Imagine how DOOM has a story, but they focus on the killing sprees of it. That same formula applies here but instead of an RPG-like world this is mission based. I sold my console a little after EDF 4 or EDF 2025 came out and am happy they brought it to PC! I have easily played 1000 hours on GDF 1, 2, and EDF 3 or EDF 2017 doing every difficulty and collecting every weapon.This game here (EDF 4.1) is the definitive edition of EDF 4. It contains better fps, more missions, more content, and just overall smoother gameplay. The way you collect weaponry is by picking up weapon crates from enemies (same for armor/health). The higher the difficulty, the better the weapons you obtain to help you destroy the Ravagers. There are 5 difficulty levels and things can actually get intense. There are a total of 89 missions in Single Player and 98 in Multi-Player (EDF 3 only has 52 total). Even though the missions go by quickly sometimes, you would be surprised by how much time can fly when playing this. (At the time of typing I have 30hrs on record and have only gone through 33 missions, some are quick and others are long). There are a lot of people I have noticed that complain about the graphics and the reason it doesn't look as great as Star Wars Battlefront is because this series focuses on putting as many enemies against you as possible. That's their thing. Also, I for one think the art style is neat for the series. There are 4 classes total (see the branch/class trailer for that) and 800 weapons to collect (EDF 3 had 1 class and 171 weapons total), and so far it has been better than its precursor. This game is a little grindy but the amount of things and massive battles going on at once makes up for it, and to get the full experience you need to play with a full group in MP, it rocks, literally.I am not seeing any fps issues nor in-game anomalies on my system. The PC port seems to be amazing in every major way. The only gripe I have with it is that in MP, there is no push to talk, so you hear others breathing through their mics, and if you turn off voice chat it turns text chat off too so it's kind of a downer. Hopefully it will get changed.There is a LOT more coming to this game including new missions you can optionally purchase and before people say it never happened, one of the Sandloft guys on the forums said later on they would support mods sometime. For reference on that just go search up ""mods"" on the discussion tab. This is really cool considering how this will be the first time EDF gets mod support and WE will get to experience it. No one knows how that will work so far so don't worry about it yet.All in all, I may be biased since this was a big thing for me back then, but it is easily worth the price if you can stand a little repetitive gameplay from time to time. I HIGHLY recommend grouping up with others to get a more awesome time. That concludes my Earth Defense Force 4.1 review. If there is anything important I missed let me know so I can edit it in!"
,Recommended,410320,24421819,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Crow,"This game is everything that Insect Armageddon should have been,Fans of the original games will not be disappointed, as it definitely lives up to their legacy.WHEN YOU COMMAND A SQUAD YOU CAN MAKE THEM ALL SCREAM EDFE D FDF"
76561198099342428,Recommended,410320,24422121,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RudiXXX,Way better than IA. Love it!
,Recommended,410320,26140765,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DarkArcherCL,"This is one of my favorite games and i havent even put that long into it. Tons of action, and if you HATE ants, spiders, and other things this will let you get that sweet revenge."
,Recommended,410320,34768914,Posted: 5 September,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,i can't stop playing. it's so much of the same♥♥♥♥♥♥but firing rockets at bugs just doesn't get old. ever
,Recommended,410320,24404477,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Gzack,"This game is absolutely great! It's an accumulation of simple mechanics that add up to a great experience. The third person shooter style with many varied weapon types and upgrades help this game stand out. I have found myself smiling from ear to ear several times as hordes of bugs explode when my rockets smack into their faces, or when I conquer that one level that was difficult at first, but with some changing around of weapons I'm finally able to pass. The game is arcady and archaic, light-hearted and just all around an enjoyable game. The complexity is just enough to keep me thinking but not nearly too complicated to overwhelm me. It can be mindless fun and an intense shooter depending on how you choose to play.The port quality is pretty darn good, running smooth and looking nice. However the menu sort of supports mouse controls, though I just end up using WASD because my fingers are already there for movent. Keys are rebindable, but I will need to test if extended mouse keys are supported. There are few graphic options, but generally the game is smooth, the mouse support outside of the menu is great, and the port solid overall.EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24534875,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,paranoid nendoroid,genuinely the most fun i've had with a video game in a long time
,Recommended,410320,24403035,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Big Bang Blitz,"I've played every EDF game since 1 and own multiple copies of most of them on all sorts of consoles. This is a very serviceable port of the very best one.You shoot stuff and don't die. You might want more so there's other classes where you have resource management yet you get to pilot GIANT mechs and helicopters and such or need team synergy.. that's nice and all, but really you just shoot stuff.You don't really have time to think about it all so it just doesn't matter. It's always intense and you're constantly getting rewarded and it's all very satisfying. It's likely you'll never finish all the content because there's so damn much it's staggering. Around 350 missions and they have enough diversity to justify being seperate.For a relatively small publisher the port was well handled. It has some steam features and options implemented, and smartly handles mouse control. Everything has a satisfying weight to it.The devs plan to add mod support which if so, will ensure that this will be the definitive edition until the end of time.The online play was completely flawless at 60 fps with two other persons and honestly it's really impressive here when you see the carnage. Weapons are described as ""calamity bringers"" for a reason.Oh and if you think for one second it's a toned down EDF like that Insect Armageddon game, NO - this is done by the original guys. There are more ants on the easiest difficulty of stage 1 than entire pools of enemies from stages of that game.The addition of dismemberment is something I really appreciate.If there was one thing I could knock it's stuff like no colorblind mode and lack of configuration options, but who cares honestly.1-4 THE EDF DEPLOYS!"
76561198068813628,Recommended,410320,33838565,Posted: 27 July,all,(z(sub n+1))=(z((sub n)^2))+C,私の口の中に指を入れて、私の父と犬を呼びます
,Recommended,410320,27633195,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,vorador2,"I was having fun, then my troops started to sing songs about turning to soup.Best game ever."
,Recommended,410320,24480239,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gant,"A video game in its purest form. Very difficult, and very satisfying."
76561198066564038,Recommended,410320,31806618,Posted: 17 May,all,Notice Me Danpai,THE EDF DEPLOOOOYS!
,Recommended,410320,25258882,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Arstotzkan Border Patrol,"Have you ever wanted to feel like the humans in a 1950's B-movie as shot by Michael Bay where your compatriots never shut up about steak? Of course you have.In all seriousness I consider this a fantastic entry in the EDF series with different combat roles that will satisfy pretty much everyone: from support lovers who can rain down fire from artillery and air support, to quick recon fighters who can dart in and out of combat as they see fit."
,Recommended,410320,27015979,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mister Bubbles,"SYNOPSIS: Buy it if you like games that just try to be what games should try to be; pureFUN.Don't buy it if you only like games with heavy plots, serious tones, relatable/fun characters, high budgets, crisp audio, and ultra-fluid animations.And Remember:EDF!! EDF!! WOOOOOOOOOOOAH!---------------Grade Scale Notes: This review operates on a One-to-Ten rating scale for various segments.1/10: Horrible.3/10: Nothing interesting. Might have potential, but is weighed down (By glitches, poor/uninteresting design and controls, ETC)5/10: Average7/10: Well made9/10: StellarI do not give 10/10's, as there is no such thing as perfection. I do not give 0/10's, unless the game truly lacks-everything. And I always round down.Review Intro:There are games out there that try to draw the player in with an in-depth narrative, compelling characters, a detailed backdrop, and high quality graphics.Then there is EDF.EDF knows that its a video game. It knows that video games are meant to be picked up and enjoyed from the get-go. EDF isn't here to waste your time getting to the ""Good stuff""; the reason you bought the game in the first place. So EDF trims the fat to give you what it thinks games are all about: Honest-to-Fun gameplay that'll make you smile. It's streamlined......and yet rather ragged.---------------Gameplay: 9/10EDF is all about the gameplay, and that gameplay is very simple to pick up and get into. You run, you jump, you roll, shoot, and reload. The core basics of the game all play smoothly and simply. More advanced character classes (There are four of them) have other mechanics to them that the game will explain to you upon selection and occasionally during loading screens. Non-standard mechanical exploits also exist on some classes to give you an extra edge and also provide another layer of gameplay.The enemies are simple but enjoyable to destroy, ranging from giant ants and spiders, to alien machines and a few other surprises I'd rather you discover for yourself. There's no real story to spoil you on, but spoiling some parts of the combat would ruin it for you going in.Bragging about all the different tools you have to kill the Giant Insects, there are truly many of them; shotguns, assault rifles, gatling guns, rocket launchers, laser pistols, homing grenades, vehicles (we'll get to that in a bit), airstrikes, flame throwers, healing ""Kool-Aid"" guns...the list goes on, and each of the four classes has their own unique weapon lists.That said, some weapons are either inefficient by virtue of their level (with higher level versions of the same weapons existing) or inefficient by virtue of the fact that they are deliberately worthless and made for fun...yes, there are a few like that.What's more, the vehicle controls, primarily for the Helicopters and the much LOATHED motorcycles (of which I'm apparently one of the few people who can somewhat use them...a little), are clunky and infuriating.NPCs, when presented with a red indicator arrow above their heads, will fall under your command. You can use the Voice Line Menu to ""Issue Commands""...but they'll just follow you like bees....and yet, all of this adds to the charm of the game.Except the grinding mechanics for getting new weapons. That's annoying....like- the gameplay is fun and all, but you will wanna get new toys too. (There's a lot of them, remember?)------------------Audio:10/106/10The audio quality, at least for the weaponry and enemies, is decent...but your NPC allies?NPC allies will engage in generated banter with one another, with an introductory call-out and randomly determined answer...which can lead to some interesting results:Soldier One: ""Why did you get married?""Soldier Two: ""I ran out of ammo.""In fact, all of the voice lines reek of 60's Monster Movie camp, be it combat banter or actual story character dialogue....that said, it grows on you, even if you already like that sort of thing the way I do. Soldiers who fall under your command will respond to the vocalizations you execute using the game's radial menu or Voice Line Menu...and should you choose to perform one of the segments of the EDF Fight Songs?They will join you in a magical moment of comaraderie.------------------Story/Characters: 3/10 and 3/10I don't like to mix story and character ratings together but...Let's be honest: EDF's story is there just to explain the action. It's not complex. It's not logical.And it's not trying to be.Both the story and the NPC characters are there help guide the gameplay along. Their quibs in the missions you undertake might get a chuckle out of you once or twice, but they are mainly there to serve as background noise as you live out your Campy Fantasy. You never see their faces; you only hear their voices.EXCEPTION: If you frequently play as the class calledAir Raider, you will come to love how the NPCs (Primarily thePilot/Gunner of the Attack Gunship Whale) you can call on in battle will act in the story. They're your'Friends in the Air', after all...you will also hate how they will sometimes not be able to help you due to the Mission Parameters.------------------Graphics: 7/10For a PSP Port of the Remake of this iteration of EDF, the game looks pretty good.Simple, but good. There are no facial animations on humans, nor are the animations for the EDF soldiers or their various enemies really that great; they are gittery and low-framed at a distance which (I suppose?) helps with framerate issues but, to me, just helps add to the campy nature of the game itself.The game isn't meant to feature High Quality Graphics, but they get the job done especially when one considers the destructibility of levels; turning bustling metropolitan cities into rubble with artillery fire tends to do that. Only in the most hectic of moments, when seemingly (but not really) hundreds of enemies fill the screen as the world blows up around them...its only then does the average computer get any real difficulty------------------Final Score: 42/50, AKA 84%A B Grade...and to be perfectly frank: what more could you ask for in a game that tries to be a campy B-Movie? All it needs to fulfill that promise is for EDF to fight Godzilla, preferably in some sort of giant robot...DID I MENTION THAT THE BIG THING ABOUT THIS ENHANCED EDITION OF THE UPDATE OF EDF 4 IS THAT THEY ADDED A GIANT MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING ROBOT THAT YOU CAN USE IN ORDER TO FIGHT A GIANT GODZILLA KNOCK-OFF!? DANG MAN, THE GUYS AT SANDLOT MUST HAVE WATCHED SOME PACIFIC RIM."
,Recommended,410320,24409275,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Trombe,"Rock solid 60 fps.Properly working screen resolutions support.Rebindable controls.Local and online co-op.At least AA and anisotropy options are available.Passable port, really good game.Idea is get into mission and kill a set number of enemies. Usually said number is hundreds. You have access to 4 classes, each having unique weapons and movement style, so they are actually different characters, rather than just skins or weapon loadouts.Similar to Serious Sam but with japanese twist on it, so you can expect upgrade system encouraging, but not demanding grinding, big ridable mechs, huge ridable mechs and GIANT ridable mechs and whacky japanese humour in a supposedly grim setting.Also unlike Serious Sam you're much slower than majority of your enemies, so depending on your class and weapons loadout gameplay changes drastically.There is barely any story or characters, game is purely about gameplay and gameplay alone, and gameplay is very good if repetitive.Also full environmental destructibility. You see that building? You can ruin it.However environments themselves could use a bit of variety.It's a  neat little action game that might ask too much money for its content, but whatever content it has is top notch."
,Recommended,410320,24404448,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,PirateGuy,if you like:+ screaming EDF at the top of your lungs+ swinging giant pneumatic chuuni-as-♥♥♥♥ spears+ shooting giant bugs with lots of guns+ shooting giant spiders with lots of guns+ getting assblasted when you fly into a spiderweb+ calling in artillery that kills everything indiscriminately+ having huge battles with huge bugs and huge guts and huge guns and huge explosions+ local and online co-opyou should probably look into this game
,Recommended,410320,24647179,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,m A R T Y,What at first seems like an extremely outdated piece of garbage ends up being easily the most fun I've had playing a game in years. 800 weapons and a fully destructible environment makes for one hell of a fun game.
,Recommended,410320,24403244,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hymen and Barfunkel,"You know those awesome segments in games where you have unlimited ammo on a gatling gun turret? It's like that, but you're free to move, everything has unlimited ammo, and you're fighting hordes of Scifi B-movie insects."
,Recommended,410320,27167592,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[CIMG]Rice Guy Kmuf,I get to rapid-fire a grenade launcher like a machine gun. What else could I ask for?
,Recommended,410320,24410831,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,medhathobo,Like- TRUE STARSHIP TROOPER MURDERHEAD- USELESS-WEAPONS GUY WITH WAIFU PAINTED TANKS- SPESS MEHREEN- WAIFU EQUIVALENT OF FLIESDislike- GIANT BUGS- GIANT ROBOTS THAT AREN'T EDF OWNED- NOT-GODZILLA
01101110101011001,Recommended,410320,26406529,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Crayonisseur,"This game is special, not special in the ""One in a million"" kind of special, Special as in that one 'different' kid in the back of the class drooling onto some poor special person teacher. The plot revolves around the ivasion of aliens and it makes an absurd amount of sense I can understand that giant insects have invaded thanks to some big feckin puzzle in the sky and that a special (surprise) unit of soldiers specifically trained to slaughter comically large ants (and spiders but I try not to think of them) happen, I may not know why the insects are giant or why the Aliens are playing HexAgony in the sky but it makes sense y'know? Probably the best part of this game is how seriously it takes itself in which it doesn't, I mocks all of that weeby♥♥♥♥♥♥and good old fashioned action films with it's mental naming conventions (my favourite is 'genocide gun') and B-movie plot, it makes it a while lot better knowing the game is chuckling along with you (not literally that might be weird) at it's stupid enemies and crazy missions, almost always involving 'The Giant Insects' and some new fangled alien device or beast (for example: Godzilla Features as you beat him to death with a Jáger) with your equally crazy 1200 barreled Machine gun rocket launcher grenade legged tank. On a less bizarre note; it plays well, has a great difficulty curve, has a decent graphics and fun class system. 10/10"
,Recommended,410320,25743202,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Riles per hour,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561197978737817,Recommended,410320,25408073,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Wrayday,"This is the best EDF game to date.  I have played the majority of the EDF games on the consoles including EDF 4.1 on the PS4 and they all suffer from slowdown... horrible slowdown.  This version of the game does not!  I cannot even begin to explain the joy of seeing a franchise actually reach its' potential on the PC over consoles.Anywho, The gameplay is as it looks in the screenshots, aliens and bugs controlled by aliens are attacking and you and up to three others must deploy to stop them!The only flaws are:- The lobby system is kind of a mess- alien attacks can clip thru buildings to hit you (A major pain when dealing with large spiders)- weapons do not scale down - meaning if you have a lvl 90 explode all things gun and you go back to a easy lvl that caps weapons at 5, you have to switch to a different weapon between lvl 0-5.- no quick way to disable voice chat.  If you restrict chat it does turn off voice chat but also disables keyboard inputs. Outside of that you have to select the player in the lobby and mute their mic (steam auto enables mics for games with no disable feature)- A big flaw of the game is no joining on the fly, new players have to wait until the game returns to lobby for a repeat or next level.  They can set items/chat however, they cannot join in.  So sometimes you will see a bunch of people join and quit as you go thru a match.Should you own this game?If you love B movie cheese and sifi goodness then YES.  They have rounded out the character classes in this version and you can now summon tanks, aircraft, mechs, bombing runs, arty strikes .... it can turn the game into a Micheal Bay wet dream of explosions!!!! and depending on your system, all in glorious 60FPS+."
,Recommended,410320,29101489,Posted: 7 January,all,0RLy?!,"If you hate insects, especially giant insects, then look no more. This is the game for you. You are a marine, trained in fighting giant insects and oh boy, there are many of em. Additionally there are giant weapons, giant cannons, giant alien ships and giant robots you have to fight. And did i mention giant insects?This game is basically star ship troopers + serious sam + power rangers + giant insects. You have 4 different classes and an insane amount of wepons to kill giant insects, including vehicles like tanks. There are a ton of missions, the story is hilarious and the amount of different enemys is satisfying, including giant insects.Pros:1. giant insects2. giant insects3. giant insects4. giant alien ships5. giant weapons6. giant robots7. giant insects8. giant cannons9. giant insectsCons:1. -I never tought i have so much fun with a game where your only objective is to kill giant insects (or giant weapons/robots/spaceships). The game has an 2 player splitscreen and 4 player online coop mode too, so you can kill giant insects with your friends."
76561197963756342,Recommended,410320,24585820,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Lord Xel,A beautiful metaphorical representation of Europe's future.
76561198041954665,Recommended,410320,24424991,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Leroy,"Great game and I'm saying this although beeing into shooters usually! Epic battles, artillery strikes that make just want to run for your life, epic movie-like invasion scenarios that make Indenpendence Day look like a coffee party and general apocalypse all arround you that you just feel hopeless at times. This game is so well made! I can not remember so intense fights in a shooter before, not in singple player mode at least. The enemies actually feel alive, try to attack you from behind, use shields and simply hunt you down when you are weak, so you really feel like just prey sometimes. I found no way to get the AI stuck or something yet.Because there are so many weapons there's always a new setup to try out and you can raise the difficulty more and more forcing you to find new setup and getting you on the other hand new weapons to play with. So the replayability is very high and the many levels are usually rather short, which also allows to have a short ""shooting break"" now and than just to relax. Moreover the game is obviously not a dead serious military game, there is instead a lot hilarious stuff in it, like all the panic reactions you hear on radio or troops singing battle songs for the EDF when fighting super big bugs. :)The game is a very good console port. The only minor issuees I had was that apparently only one resolution is supported (full HD) and not all keys are available for binding but the control system is mostly made pretty easy, like the usual movement keys, weapon selection via number or wheel, left and right mouse button to fire and in some cases also space for a special action or third weapon. Only one class out of the four has 4 weapons so in that case the shift key is the 4th fire button. I had to disable GSync in my NVIDIA controls because it caused some stuttering. But GSync is hyped half-working crap anyway and I'm deeply regretting paying the extra money for GSync monitors.As for the DLCs, they are completely optional, they only add a some low level stuff that for fun. That said, the tanks are not just reskinned but have different or modified weapons. They also have a lot more armor and some are more agile than the default tank."
76561198009723422,Recommended,410320,24428976,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Noob Noob,"If you enjoyed EDF 2017 then you will love this game. The gameplay feels the same and some of the missions are very similar to ones in EDF 2017. Now you can even play as a flying anime girl (Wingdiver), which i guess is pretty cool. So glad they are porting more of these games to PC, especially after Insect Armageddon. Definitely recommend. :)"
,Recommended,410320,25167664,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Das Nordgesicht,"At first i did not want to pay almost 50 Euros for a trashy game about giant insects and alien robots.But the developers have been making this kind of game for over ten years now, and they have perfected it.EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24922467,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mr Fuggles,"This game is so much fun!If you like Starship troopers, Bad Anime, 50's b-monster movies, pacific rim, Godzilla,  mechwarrior and terrible voice acting I would recommend it.My only complaint would have to be that for what it is the price is a little steep, so unless you really want launch giant ants into space with explosives sooner I'd say wait untill it's on sale....Also it has a lot of bugs."
,Recommended,410320,24553390,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Barnum4000,"The whole population has almost been destroyed by giant insects.EDF trooper: ""I want a thick juicy stake"""
,Recommended,410320,24408705,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dirty Russian,EDF IN 60 FPS!!!? ON PC!!?! WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR?? 10/10 FOR NO QUIT BUTTON!![ EDIT: THERE IS ACTUALLY A WAY TO QUIT THO LOL GO TO THE TITLE MENU AND HIT B ON YOUR CONTROLLER ]
,Recommended,410320,25163727,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Classy Horse,Michael Bay simulator 2016
,Recommended,410320,24426429,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Buddy T Jones,My favorite game of all time. Glad it came to the PC. I mean it's incredibly cheesey but that's what makes it fun.
,Recommended,410320,24467689,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Palewing,"The best game ever, now on PC. I still can't believe it. EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,33039704,Posted: 30 June,all,BludStanes,"Not only does this have sweet mindless action with tons of enemy variety and a gigantic arsenal of deadly weapons to unlock, the online multiplayer is going pretty strong as far as I've seen so you don't need to worry about that. BUT I WILL recommend this game regardless just because of the split screen single player. Too many PC gamers are getting screwed over with usually consoles only getting split screen, so this gets big ups rom me.If you played and liked any of the earlier games, then you'll like this and know what to expect. Hordes upon hordes of increasingly bizarre enemies with massive firepower to back you up.Let's keep the split screen trend alive!"
,Recommended,410320,24628873,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jig,"I don't want to rave too much about this game, because some of you are going to hate it, but it's an amazing blend of Starship Troopers, Dynasty Warriors, Kaiju, Anime, and bad science fiction movies. The story is almost non-existent, but the gameplay is top-notch. The range of difficulty is awesome, and really accomodates whatever play style you're feeling. Want a more tactical/intense experience? Go harder. Just wanna lay waste to the bug hordes? Dial it down.I really think the rest of the gaming industry could learn a lot from these guys, and I'd love to see them continue to support this title and do more releases for the PC market."
76561198162319125,Recommended,410320,28932478,Posted: 2 January,all,BobTheFancyHobo,"A fun mindless slaughterfest that has a good variety of enemies and a great selection of weapons that give you numerous ways to fight back the endless alien swarms.The classes all feels nice and different:*The jack of all trade(Ranger)*An areial powerhouse(Wing Diver)*The King of air/artillery strikes and vehicle drops(Air Raider)*The heavy/melee weapons guy(Fencer)These class work together nicely as well the one I like the most is the big♥♥♥♥♥missles the Fencer uses require the Air Raider's laser guidance system to fire for MASSIVE damage compared to what he can use solo. As you'd think you start out weak with low armor and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guns, but as you collect weapon and armor crate drops from the enemies you get more health and better guns in a varitey of types, those allow you can handle more hardcore fights.The best part is when you get your friends involved and play through the hectic battles as a squad leveling entire cities for the sake of humanity. Unfortunatly online mode seems to have connection issues that are a pain but a game restart seems to fix it, albeit temporarily.The main issue this game has, aside from the connection issues online, is the price point. As 3 year old game 49.99$ plus the 24$ for the 2 mission packs (49 new missions together) is just way too steep so I recommend getting it on sale.P.S Listen to the game when It says beat Normal before trying anything harder, you will be r.a.p.e.d"
76561197993528407,Recommended,410320,24461611,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Marshall,EDF EDF EDF
,Recommended,410320,30660444,Posted: 21 March,all,Vayne,"Lots of guns, bullets, missiles, aliens, bugs, and FUN! Awesome game. You walk, shoot and shoot till everything is dead/destroyed.I wish there were subtitles."
,Recommended,410320,29353190,Posted: 19 January,all,Saucy Fandangoo,"good game, tons of bugs though"
76561198116974071,Recommended,410320,27582990,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,C4Rampage19,"This game amazes me, I love it to death and I'm nowhere near the end. I can play this for hours and not get bored. 12/10 for me!!"
,Recommended,410320,24413239,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Danger Matt,"My fiance got fed up of me playing EDF in the past... she doesn't know I bought this yet,  But what she doesn't realise, is that saving the world is not a sometime thing; IT'S AN ALL THE TIME THING."
76561198162984017,Recommended,410320,25039025,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,☆♥ Kanna ♥☆,Hours upon hours of mindless alien and bug smashing fun
76561197979750425,Recommended,410320,24459535,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Munkkimies[Fin],- Start the game- Go online- Picks an random mission- Play Ranger (for true soldier style)- Mission is full of Devil red ants- Ants try to eat me- Panic- Switch secondary weapon- Pulls the trigger- Realise that Secondary weapon is BFG Bazooka whit an explosive radius of 20m- The ant is 1m- Mistakes were made- Blast of the map as fast the team rocket100/10Would Blast away again
,Recommended,410320,24444892,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,PiddyVinny,"***WARNING: IF YOU HAVE AN AMD PHENOM II CPU SERIES, THE GAME WILL NOT LOAD UP** But there is a temp patch on the community forums, swing on by to get your game on.EDF 4.1 is the improved version of EDF 2025 from the Xbox 360 and PS4 ports. If you love the past EDFs like Insect Armageddon, then you'll have a blast playing this one! Play as 4 classes, the Soldier Man (Ranger), Big Boobed Lady (Wing Diver), Care Package Delivery Man (Air Raider) and my favorite... Gundam Man (Fencer)! Together, you'll destroy waves of bugs and giant mechs?!. Take back Earth from those damn bugs and rejoice in glorious guns,anthems and uh...that's all I got. EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24404337,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,assley,"I've always wanted to play and EDF game but, unfortunately the game does not work with AMD cpu'sso I'm gonna have to give this a thumbs down untill the issue is resolvedUPDATEThe issue with the AMD anthlon/phenom processors has been solved by downloading this patch someone madehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/410320/discussions/0/359543951711039341/"
,Recommended,410320,24530571,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jerid Messa,"EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!The game is SO GOOD it's basically a mindless giant B movie monster blasting game, but what really steals the show is the huge variety of weapons you unlock every time you play a mission. They'll range from CITY LEVELING CANNONS to hilariously worthless firecrackers and you never know what you're gonna get next.Also you can get a Pacific Rim like mecha robot (which is featured in the screenshots) and can actually use it in EVERY SINGLE MISSION!!! I thought it was gonna be locked to specific ones BUT NOPE YOU CAN CALL IT IN ANY TIME (as long as you kill enough enemies to charge up it's cooldown timer during a mission).So yeah BEST GAME 2016"
,Recommended,410320,27570300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Salty Peanut,"this is not a perfect game by a big company by any means. but it has a ton of heart and has pure fun at its very core without needing to get very complex. there's nothing quite like playing a few missions in EDF with 3 friends backing you upafter 340 hours I can safely say that  this game is worth every penny, and that's barely even counting the expansions that add like 50 new missions"
,Recommended,410320,27003238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xan42,"The game is fairly simple. Each mission is essentially ""kill everything"". Yet despite the simplicity, there's something that's just so fun about blowing up hords of insects, robots, dragons, etc. This is probably helped by the great sense of scale the game has, with large open levels and swarms of enemies (both small, relatively, and large) to populate them. On top of that is large assortment of weaponry at your disposal across 4 different classes, with the weapons getting more powerful and crazy as you progress. And the large number of missions to take on (89 missions for singleplayer and 98 for multiplayer) should keep you occupied for a while.EDF, the only game where the phrase ""There's a lot of bugs"" is compliment."
,Recommended,410320,24520908,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Zephro,To save our mother earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!
76561198007145952,Recommended,410320,25199221,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Arcterran,"Before I start, I gotta mention some caveats here that may dissuade some from buying. Mind you this game is stupid fun and quite frankly, I think a lot of these actually adds quite a bit to the charm. However I must, because I know people tend to hate these things, which is not  unreasonable.1) It is janky, physics, some controls, animations,ect.2) Menus don't have mouse support (but really it's not that bad to navigate), and multiplayer menus have some optimization issues.3) Load times are somewhat (though not ridiculously) long4) There is a grinding element. Though I'm fine with it because you grind weapons and HP directly, not XP, not credits, or anything like that, just weapons and armor from drops. Though to be perfectly honest other than maybe health, it's not really required and you'll more than likely get what you need for the next difficulty level after you finish the one you are on.5) Mics are ALWAYS on! (though you can set it to ""Off"" in the lobby, bear in mind this disables text chat but not quick-chat)6) Check your system specs, some people have reported problems with certain hardware configurations. To my knowledge the dev's know about this. (Me personally, Audio gets a little messed up in some firefights)Ok that's out of the way, lets get to it! (EDIT: Wasn't terribly happy about the first review I pushed up here, decided to trim it down a bit and structure it better)The premise: A Japanese game development studio one night watched too many B-Movies and Kaiju films and decided to make a game out of it, and this is the result. It also contains, to my knowledge, the greatest gaming moment ever.That moment is leading your squad in the EDF fight song*, which is a hillarious rewrite of the Battle Hymn of the Republic, while mowing down swarms of bugs, robots, and whatever the heck these aliens feel like throwing down at you, and you do this with some of gaming's most ridiculous weaponry. That is what makes EDF awesome in a nutshell.There's also hillariously unrealistic physics (Try rocket jumping with a Ranger), intentionally bad localization and Voice acting (""Progress faster than science is impossible!"" among MANY more like that), city blocks being leveled in order to save the city, and LOTS of content! 800 weapons almost 100 Missions, and that's WITHOUT DLCNow sing the EDF Fight song with me! (*Unless you are a wing diver, apparently they are forbidden to sing, I assume so the ravagers cannot hear them while they silently drop upon their foes)1-1 To save our Mother Earth from any alien attack!"
,Recommended,410320,25105208,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Native Faith,"I've forever been envious of people playing this game... And now it's finally on steam. It is everything I had hoped and more, with the co-op feature I hadn't known about. Co-op works flawlessly, overlooking a bug that slows down the game while in equipment select (but is easily fixed by backing out of the room and reentering after a long play session) and there are no issues with unnatural lag or desync.Highly recommended for playing with a partner or a group of friends up to 4 players, the reason following: Air Raider and Fencer classes in particular I feel benefit the most from playing with friends, having the most extreme strengths and weaknesses that are best rounded out with a friend than the other classes. The Wing Divers seem to be the strongest class to solo the game with, and so at first one might think you should go and do that, I feel like you miss most of the experience of the game while in the air; Coop'ing with friends as a Wing Diver actually leads to a uniquely fun situation where you get to be the shining savior for your friends on the ground as they struggling with the stages in the way they were intended.In all cases, playing alone or playing with friends, I recommend playing on Hard difficulty for your first run. It is highly challenging, but is completely possible and the struggle is worth it."
76561198004811351,Recommended,410320,24976531,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Earth Defense Force is dumb. Earth Defense Force is fun. I'd even go so far as to say Earth Defense Force is dumb fun.Harkening back to the days of cheesy science fiction movies like Starship Troopers or the kind you'd see on MST3K, in Earth Defense Force 4.1: The Shadow of New Despair you're a single soldier tasked with eliminating droves of giant insects, towering robots, dragons for some reason, and... Godzilla? Taking a kitchen sink approach to enemy design, there's really no rhyme or reason to what you're shooting at, but honestly who cares? If it's big and dumb and can be lumped into the general “sci fi” genre it's fair game.There's a loose story about aliens attacking Earth, and you're humanity's last hope because you have a rocket launcher. Despite the mission briefings before starting a level (it's usually the “biggest threat you've yet faced”) and battlefield chatter, most missions have the exact same objective: kill everything. Kill the monsters by any means necessary, even if that results in entire cities being razed to the ground.Turn your brain off and keep your finger on the trigger; this is essentially an old school arcade game. Hundreds of enemies will mindlessly swarm your position, and you're doing your best at crowd control as they assault from the ground, sky, and the sides of buildings you haven't destroyed yet. The scale of the battles are truly impressive. At first glance the graphics are bland and outdated, PS2-era quality. However, once the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan you appreciate the trade off; massive environments and enemies, decent explosions and effects, almost fully destructible structures... and it all runs buttery smooth.The old school nature of the game bleeds through to the presentation as well. Menus have little personality, they are just there to get the job done. Select what you want to do from a list of options and be on your way. After a few missions it's easy to see how the overall game has been structured: the developers made a sandbox, then populated different sections with enemies to create the scenarios that make up the missions. There's nothing wrong with this approach, it just once again feels decidedly PS2, almost simulation game design. Truth be told I think any other method would fundamentally break the game and rob it of it's charm.Despite the simplistic nature, a few niggling issues I found got in the way of achieving complete arcade zen. There's a grind to be endured: weapons and armor upgrades (that increase your maximum health pool) are dropped from defeated enemies in the form of physical loot boxes. The weapons are RNG, so if you want better/specific ones it can become a time sink. Some people may enjoy playing the same stages over and over to “level up”, but I find it slows down the otherwise frantic vibe the game is going for. The same type of issue is a result of having to walk over to boxes to collect them; after fighting through an army of bugs and robots with heavy metal blaring to get your blood pumping, it's quite the mood killer having to march through those barren, massive levels to collect loot while keeping the last enemy alive. It just seems like an unnecessary slog. Why not just award XP or credits for kills? There's also a fair amount of enemy types that enjoy slowing/stunning/tripping you, and that's always annoying.Don't be fooled by the low budget dressing Earth Defense Force wraps itself in. There's a lot of game here: almost one hundred missions that can be tackled on a half dozen difficulty levels, four unique classes to pick from, and the entire game can be played cooperatively. It took me about twenty hours to complete on Normal with one class, and there's hundreds of hours of replayibility beyond that if you're inclined toward the grind. What a gloriously stupid game."
,Recommended,410320,33013608,Posted: 29 June,all,TastyMints,The giant insects can't conquer your city if you bomb it to ashes first.
76561198043814521,Recommended,410320,29219097,Posted: 12 January,all,B U I L D W A L L,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate spiders
,Recommended,410320,24402428,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,rubert,"great port, 60fps constant, decent graphics, awesome controls! a port done right!"
,Recommended,410320,24907919,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ＰＯＫＩＤＯＫＩ,Would destroy a city with robots because of giant laser lizard.
76561198119834852,Recommended,410320,24565467,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HANK HELL,"Best game on earth.  Explosions, destroyed buildings, giant insects, giant robots, godzilla size monsters, guns, missiles, rockets, artillery, satellite lasers, cruise missiles, missiles the size of sky scrapers, cannons, air strike, tanks, mechs, giant punch mech to punch things to death, lasers, giant spiders, all in one game."
76561198269086577,Recommended,410320,24536551,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ChaoticMaximus,"I had this game on my wishlist for a while. I bought it when it was 5 days old from release on the Steam with -30% discount + with all DLCs. The gameplay is amazing, each charater has its own awesome weaponry, my favorite charater is Wing Diver.I wish the game was open world, but im ok with it. Been doing a lot of missions on easy, sometimes in normal or hard mode too. Singleplayer is great, multiplayer is great, you can join or create your room there and wait few minutes for the players to join you. Been having a blast on the game and on my GTX 750 2GB graphics card it didnt fall 1 fps from 60 fps. Been running smooth even on high explosions for days.I love Sci Fi games, especially with giant creatures like silver and red ants, spiders, bees (NOT THE BEEES!!! AHH THEYRE IN MY HEAD!!! Chill, was just joking.) And the mothership which drops hectors, flying drones felt like independence day just like in the film. Im really happy with this game, good job developers! :DWait, I forgot to say something: EDF! EDF! EDF! :PSci Fi: Imagine Greater."
76561198020934519,Recommended,410320,24420706,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,leqesai,"Finally Earth Defense Force comes to Steam. Sure we've had Insect Armageddon but that's only an EDF game in spirit.EDF is a very particular sort of game series. It won't appeal to everyone but for those of us who love it we REALLY love it.The reasons people love this game (and any EDF games, for that matter):*Distinct classes to play*Very over the top combat scenarios (what other game has you fighting kaiju size monsters in mechs, or on foot, while getting to destroy the city around you?)*Impressive graphics for how much is going on (It isn't the fanciest game in the world but given how much stuff is happening its very impressive they've managed to make it look and run as good as it does)*Very addictive loot based progression*Loads of missions*Lots of different enemy types*The amount of content+difficulty that extends the life of the game x4 because of the 4 separate classes and item setsReasons why you might not like it:*Game can feel samey for those who don't like destructive bliss*The campiness of the game will rub some people the wrong way*The graphics snobs won't understand why it looks the way it does*The difficulty can be very intimidating as you get into the later levels and higher difficultiesAll in all, this is a freaking fun game. There is really nothing quite like it on Steam right now, so do yourself a favor and pick it up. If the pro/con list piqued your interest you'll probably enjoy it. And throw more money at D3 productions and Sandlot so they realize the PC market is ready for more of this awesome genre."
,Recommended,410320,26911902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Waddy,"No idea what's going on, but I like it."
,Recommended,410320,24996516,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kambiing,I actually enjoyed reading the review section. (EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!)
,Recommended,410320,24551666,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Kyubey,It's as stupid as it is amazing
76561198079241259,Recommended,410320,29076000,Posted: 6 January,all,XManZombie,its da best game 10/10 better then sex
,Recommended,410320,27789856,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DenDen,To save our mother earth from any alien attack
,Recommended,410320,24982329,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GlazedHam,"This game is awesome. It's single solitary purpose is to be as ridiculous as possible all of the time. Expect poor voice acting, bad plotline, and forgettable characters. Also expect giant robots, godzillas, tons of silly weapons, and glorious emote spamming.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fun game to play with friends!"
,Recommended,410320,24457981,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Rebuild of Yang,"Whoever kills the most, buys dinner. You understand me?Also, please put Robot Alchemic Drive/Gigantic Drive on here, someday..."
76561198053034419,Recommended,410320,25192743,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jannis,i really really really hate this game
,Recommended,410320,24500980,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Rip in Lel,EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198028601118,Recommended,410320,24596647,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,A Mean Guy,In a really dark cavern full of insects.Very spooky stuff.Discovers the ability to sing the EDF anthem.On that day no bug would ever defeat the morale of my troops.
,Recommended,410320,33703809,Posted: 21 July,all,Hysterical Broccoli,"EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!Great game, horrifying insectoid PTSD simulator.11/10 would send giant ants into space with a shotgun again"
,Recommended,410320,25100827,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,paul blart fart dart,"1-1 To save our mother Earth from any alien attack,1-2 From vicious giant insects that have once again come back,1-3 We'll unleash all our forces! We won't cut them any slack!1-4 The EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,33161060,Posted: 2 July,all,Dandelion,This game has a lot of bugs.
76561197970418776,Recommended,410320,24442880,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Sentry,"I did not think I would like this game after watching some gameplay videos and even into the first single-player mission.  Once I got into multiplayer, my opinion changed fast.  This has been some of the most fun I've had gaming in years!  Definitely worth a buy."
76561198025019351,Recommended,410320,24419299,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Grigsey,Kill hordes of bugs while spamming the EDF!! EDF!! emotes repeatedly = best gaming experience of all time
,Recommended,410320,24455281,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Raoh,"Game of the Year 2016! I'm kidding, but this series is incredible. I own EDF 2025 onPS3, and now I own this on PC. I'm not going to lie. It's a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port. I mean, it runs flawlessly. But the only graphics options are AA on or off, texture filtering, shadows on or off, and resolution. Fullscreen or windowed. I would like to see them improve upon these things for their next game, but as the game is now, it's a ton of fun, and I'm having a blast. The community is pretty nice too, made a few new steam friends.Buy this game if you like intense over the top action, fun and completely unique class gameplay, cheesy b movie plots, and of course. Killing lots of huge insects, giant monsters, and giant robots!"
,Recommended,410320,24521033,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sharp Sauce,"At 1st glance you think this game is total garbage, and you would be so wrong. yes the graphic are dated but I never had so much fun with a game in a long time. if you like campy sci fi and coop then stop reading the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review and buy the game now, you wont be disappointed.I think i have played over 20 missions and collected over 50 of weapons and it saids im only 1% done with the game so far, so you will be playing it for a very long time.menu system could have been better but game play is where all the fun is at.go get this game now!"
,Recommended,410320,25326204,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadome,"I'll start this by saying that when it comes to video games, I'm a very transient person. Typically I'm the person that'll play a game for a couple dozen hours, drop it, and typically not pick it back up. A few games that have managed to hook me in the past/present were/are Counter Strike:Source, Diablo 2, Path of Exile, World of Tanks, Dragon's Dogma, Warframe (Pre-Pushover DE), Dungeon Siege 2, KOTOR, SWAT 4... And a couple more I can't remember.Long story short, it's very rare that a game grabs me and keeps me in, and I've played many hundreds of games over the years. Many very good games, too. Many games that claimed great replayability.But this one hits all the right notes in all the right ways, and I can firmly say is WORTH the hefty price tag.---------------Now, let's get into an actual review. There are 4 classes for you to choose from: Ranger, Wing Diver, Air Raider, and Fencer. I'll say that Wing Diver is my least favorite class to play... But it's still a blast to play Wing Diver. Each class in this game has its niche and play style, and such a varied arsenal that you just want to play each class just to see what they can get.----- Classes -----Ranger is your standard foot-soldier type class, with a very variable arsenal, their weapon classes as such: Assault Rifles, Shotguns, Sniper Rifles, Rocket Launchers, Missile Launchers, Grenade Launchers, and other miscellaneous weapons/tools. This would including healing tools, flamethrowers, and other weapons that don't quite fit into the other categories.Ranger's specific attributes entail that he can jump, roll (through light obstacles), has the 2nd-place armor scaling, has two weapon slots, can pilot vehicles, and has the fastest normal recovery time to get up off the ground after being knocked down.-----Wing Diver is the class I know the least about, but I still know enough to give a decent overview.Wing Diver has a flight-frame that runs on a power-pack that'll allow you to fly around at a good clip for a decent bit of time, however, a good deal of their weapons draw from the very same power pool, so one has to be mindful of their energy consumption. Their arsenal's theme is very high-tech weaponry, such as laser, electronic, and mind-guided missiles.Wing Divers have access to the following in their arsenal: Short-Range lasers, Mid-Range lasers, Mid-Range Electric, Particle Cannons, Sniping Weapons, Other Ranged Attacks (Such as plasma-bombers and grenades,) Homing Weapons, and other Special Weapons that don't fit in the rest. This class has weapons that can cover just about any range, but I'd say they're more-so specialized for Close Quarters and are proficient up to mid range, however they have powerful tools for long range as well.Their specific attributes are that they can fly, have the least armor scaling of the 4 classes, can use a bit of power to burn their thrusters and recover from a ragdoll knockup/knockdown, has two weapon slots, can NOT pilot vehicles, and probably some other stuff I don't know.-----Air Raider, my personal favorite class, is the support class of this game. While he doesn't have much in the way of direct-attack, (being limited to ""Limpet Guns"" which are basically remote-trigger grenade launchers,) He has access to a powerful arsenal of air/sea support and vehicles to draw from.Air Raider's arsenal goes as such: Guidance Equipment (Such as laser-designators for homing weapons,) Calling for Support, Support Equipment (Such as buffs, heals, and power-rechargers for Wing Divers,) Limpet Guns, Stationary Weapons (Such as C4, Sentry Guns, Claymores, AA Mines, etc,) and other Special Weapons such as razor-wire launchers, decoys, and electromagnetic shield systems.They also have an equipment slot for a vehicle of choice, which can range from tanks, to AFVs, to SPGs, to Helicopters, to Hard-Suits, to a giant rock'em-sock'em robot.Air-Raider's particular attributes are that they can pilot vehicles, have 3rd-place armor-scaling, and have laser-designator tools that grant/assist functionality of the other classes homing weapons.-----Fencer has a super-heavy exo-suit which allows them to use heavy-weaponry, and at that, dual-wield them. It's also the most technical/skill demanding class of the game, having many mechanics and caveats.Their arsenal goes as such: CQB Striking weapons (Hammers, Swords, etc,) CQB Piercing weapons (Spears, auto-spears, etc,) Shields, Automatic Artillery, Artillery, and Missile Launchers.While they have the least weapon categories, don't let that fool you. What goes under ""Auto Arty/Arty"" is a very diverse cast of weaponry, such as autocannons, gatling guns, heavy machine guns, cannon-shot, mortars, etc. Missile Launchers, while some of them are personally usable, the heavier ones are crew-served, requiring an Air Raider to designate targets to grant them functionality.Fencer is the only class that has access to shields, which are what makes them able to be tanky. Shields come in different flavors, such as ones that are focused on re-directing ranged attacks, focused on giving you wide-angle protection, focused on high damage-reduction, etc.Fencer's particular attributes are that they can carry two sets of two weapons, can bull-doze through obstacles, and have a very tricky to master ability to use the thrusters some weapons grant them to recover from knockdowns.Something important to bare in mind about Fencers, is that due to the heavy-weight of their ranged weaponry, they are very unweildy and have slow, dragged out aiming. Dual weilding ranged weapons amplifies this effect, making it very difficult to use them proficiently, but still very possible with practice.----- Gameplay -----I'll say that I'm only on mission 47 of the standard online campaign, but it's to my understanding that, DLC not-withstanding, there are... I believe 90+ missions, with 5 different difficulties, so there's PLENTY of game time and replayability to be had.This is a Third-Person shooter game, with an arcade-y feel, and a big focus on co-op gameplay, supporting sessions of up to 4 players, with a solo-mode as well. Enemy health scales with the amount of players ingame.Let me tell you, that the difficulties aren't just what you'd expect them to be. You actually need to come prepared with a respectable arsenal from the lower difficulties first. The higher the difficulty, the more health your enemies have, the more deadly their attacks (Both in damage dealt, and in functionality,) and the faster they are. This game does difficulty very well, and doesn't just give them more and more HP... It adds a progressively more challenging gameplay that requires you to be prepared, both as a player with skills and logistics, and with your classes' weaponry.The missions you play in vary, from wide-open mountains and/or fields, to cityscape, to underground tunnels and caves. It's to be noted that Air Raider's Support doesn't work underground, and only particular vehicles can be called in.This game has a way of really imersing you into the atmosphere; from the battle-banter of your NPC allies (A+ for having NPCs under your command singing along with you and responding to your emotes,) commander, and mission handler on the comms; really making you feel tiny as you behold your gigantic enemies, in the hundreds and hundreds that you're tasked with eradicating in each and every mission; and the way the lighting plays with the underground environments is something I have never seen in any other game before... It's both beautiful and distressing at the same time.---------------I could go into details about some other junk that doesn't really matter, such as graphics, sound, controls, yadda yadda, but I'll simply say that this game does it all RIGHT. It hits all the right notes, and the controls perform exactly as you'd expect them to.All said and done, this game gets a resounding 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,410320,25977687,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Kirbyddd,"Amazing game.  20 hrs in one weekend, and only on level 18 of 90.  I won't go too much into the specifics right now, but I will point out few things that others might not talk about.  The short answer: If you think the game looks awesome, you'll love it.  To the average gamer the graphics are amazing, although I've seen some ultra-res pc buffs nitpick them, and the game is aesthetically beautiful.    On larger levels, shiny metal and detailed textures take a few extra seconds to load after the level starts, but they never take more than 10 seconds to load completely.  The controls are unique but not poorly designed and you will get used to them quickly.  Two things that aren't as intuitive about the controls but you will pick up after figuring them out (which is why I'm telling you):  Jumping and rolling are on the same button.  Moving straight forward or backward, or standing still and pressing the button makes you jump.  Moving sideways or diagonally and pressing it causes you to roll.  Secondly, the sortie menus are operated with the control stick/WASD keys, and the d-pad/arrow keys navigate the communications menu.  The four classes have a very surprising amount of depth to them, both in variety of gear and in base class mechanics.  The fact that the Fencer (the game's Tank class) is possibly more complicated than the Air Raider (the Specialist/Support class) should speak for itself.  The game runs extremely smoothly, and online works perfectly, with no lag or frame drops (If your connection is too bad to play, it disconnects you).  Also, SPLIT SCREEN LOCAL CO-OP AND VS!!!  And of course, the constant bombardment of dramatic psuedo-intellectual B-Movie dialogue is perfectly executed and amazing.  Actually, (this is as deep as this review will get), you could say the game itself is making fun of the people who criticize EDF for its simple nature.  The point of EDF isn't to make you feel like a selfless member of the military giving his life to save humanity in the face of an extraterrestrial threat.  You're supposed to feel like a soldier who saves the world by blowing up everything in sight with missiles and lasers while cheering and singing about the benevolent organization he works for.  Anyways...On the DLC (what I've heard about it):It's definitely not necessary but might be worth it to you if you really enjoy the game.  The weapons are not overpowered/game breaking, and are unique and well balanced weapons to use.  The vehicles are just joke skins that are funny to drop in game and surprise people with, like an anime tank.  The level packs contain remixed and new levels and while they do not add new weapons, they add many more hours of mayhem and have a few levels great for grinding gear and armor.  Like I said, none of it's necessary, but if you like the game you might want to look into the DLC.  I think enjoy the game enough that I'll eventually buy the level packs and an anime tank when they go on sale.ConclusionI think I will get many years of enjoyment out of this game and although I think it should be permanently priced at $35, I definitely got more than $50 worth of fun out of it.  I think it's definitely a niche game initially, but anyone can fall in love with it if given time to experience its true scope.  Like I said, if you think the game looks awesome and you'd enjoy it, then you probalby will, but if you think it looks stupid, then try a friend's copy or do more research, only then should you count it out completely.GLITCH: I had this problem and others had it as well.  Some Nvidia users have a problem where the game does not use their graphics card and tries to run off integrated computer graphics instead, causing bad lag.  Fix this by making sure your drivers are updated and then going to the Nvidia Control Panel and creating a folder for the game in Manage 3D Settings, create a folder for the game under Programs and set the preferred graphics processor to High-performance Nvidia processor.I've given you all the details you might care about, but here's a rant about something that I personally find awesome that may be meaningful to few other people as well:  The scope of this game is insane, and everything is insanely detailed.  If you think the fact that a game can runs a constant 60FPS at ay resolution with literally hundreds of detailed enemies and buildings being blown up at any given moment isn't a big enough achievement on its own, the detail will amaze you.  The entire enviornment is pretty much realisticly shaped, and does not use textures to simulate depth.  In addition, while some environmental objects such as cars are a bit on the small side, and are not realistically sized to the human characters, all of the architecture is accrrately scaled.  This combined with the fact that the small details of buildings are actually modelled and not just textured in makes the world feel amazing.  Run out of fuel trying to fly up a skyscraper?  Take a rest on the ledge around one of its hundreds of windows.  One of the coolest things that happened to me was when I was playing local co-op with my brother and got blown up and flung into an apartment building, a motel-style one where the rooms are accessed from walkways on the outside.  When my brother flew onto the walkway to rescue me, we found out that we could walk to the end of the walkway and climb the stairs to the next floor, and we continued until we reaced the top floor.  While some people might not care about this, for me it's things like this that really enhance immersion and leave you with a much stringer experience.  Since the buildings in the game are made to be destroyed and not closely inspected, you wouldn't hold it against the developers if the buildings were pretty much rectangular blocks with windows and colorful billboards, but when you find that you can look through the glass doors and see the receptions and waiting rooms of small buinesses, and look at the advertisements and menus inside restauraunts, and of course, pretend you live on the top floor of an apartment and walk all the up all of the stairs on the side of the building, it's just one of the many things that make you feel that this game really has heart behind it, and was created with more in mind than just making money or beingjustunique enough to be memorable, like so many other games these days.  Anyways, sorry for getting cheesy there at the end, but if you've read this far you should seriously give this game a try.  It's the most fun I've had in a while."
,Recommended,410320,27098865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♕ғʛτ Robutt,"This game is OUTSTANDING!It is a action-packed shooter filled to the brim with guns, robots, insects, and giant monster battles! But it never takes itself too seriously! The entire game feels just as campy as an episode of power rangers.I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves games with a little ham.(I recommend it even more if you are going to play it with friends!!!)"
76561197975414069,Recommended,410320,27978697,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Michael,"By any standard measure Earth defense force isn’t a good game. The physics are comical, the levels repetitive and the graphics looked dated on release.But none of that matters.The game is just pure fun the play. The weapons are insane and so are the characters. The plot wouldn’t be out of place in a Bollywood B-movie and is all the more fun for it. The game has a charm that just keeps you wanting to carry on playing despite the flaws."
76561198145406314,Recommended,410320,26889717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheCptnOfFail,I punched godzilla in the face with a mech until it stayed down and though that was the most satisfying thing that could happen and still look awesome.then level 67 happened
,Recommended,410320,27401881,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DullKeys,"The one time in your life where it actually isn't extreme to use explosives or firearms to kill ants and spiders.THEN THEY GET BIGGER AND COLORFUL AND NUMEROUS AND OH GOD THE WEB THE ACIDAhem. Earth Defense Force 4.1 is a very well-designed game in most regards. Easier difficulties allow for casual bug/bot-slaying fun, and the harder difficulties encourage proper strategic execution and reflexes to overcome the very numerous enemies looking to make you an inanimate ragdoll. It's rewarding to all sorts of players who give it a good chance."
,Recommended,410320,27236931,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Snoob,"The EDF Deploys!Let's get this out of the way right now: EDF 4.1 is good fun, both by yourself and with a group of people, friends or otherwise. Definitely one of the best values all year. Now that that's been said, let's move on to the actual review.What is EARTH DEFENSE FORCE 4.1 The Shadow of New Despair?A title that's way too long, that's what. We're going to refer to it as ""EDF"" or ""EDF 4.1"" here, if that's okay. Anyway, EDF pits you (and up to 3 associates) against a seemingly endless tide of giant insects, alien robots, and giant insects made by alien robots. Choosing between 4 roles that each have a massive amount of gear to select from, the goal is simple: Eliminate everything that isn't human. That's often easier said than done, however...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=742736697How does it look/play?Graphically speaking, EDF 4.1 makes no attempt to hide the limitations of the console it originated on, and it also didn't look all that impressive even for a PS3 title. The biggest draw of getting this game on a PC (aside from the playerbase being slightly less dead) is that it runs at 60 FPS with some drops based on hardware rather than 30 FPS approaching 10 during action. Don't get me wrong: Everything looks adequate, but EDF won't blow you away with stunning graphics or impressive post-processing effects.Where itshouldblow you away is in the gameplay. Each class has its own strengths and weaknesses, from the danger-close Air Raider to the Starship-Troopers-esque Ranger, but all four are insanely entertaining to play, forcing you to adapt to how missions are approached based on your weapons and allies. It's not without some control issues (good luck figuring out how the Air Raider handles, or doesn't, for some vehicles, especially Depth Crawlers and helicopters), but for the most part things feel tight and polished, complete with easily-inferred mechanics like ""shout HUP and jump right before you throw a grenade or lob a mortar so it goes farther"".Whether it's online or splitscreen, EDF 4.1 is a ton of fun with others, a perfect mix of ""things are going okay"" and ""we're all going to die"" that forges bonds tighter than steel after several missions, especially when you're tackling them on higher difficulties and need to work out the optimal compositions for your group. I will warn you right now, though: Don't try to ""main"" a single archetype if you play with friends, or whoever draws the Air Raider is going to complain almost every time an underground level has to be played. He can certainly still fight alongside you through them, but it's (in my opinion) not very fun and mostly relegates him to managing insanely long cooldowns rather than blowing up massive hordes.The game has a massive grinding curve, however, and this is something I can't sugar-coat. Level and difficulty play the biggest part in dictating which random weapon drops you'll see from enemies, and while the majority of online play will be locked to ""appropriately leveled"" weapons and armor levels (based on what the game dictates is appropriate), all offline play is ""anything goes"" in terms of what you can bring to the table. If you'd like to challenge yourself, you can limit your armor manually, or bring lower-leveled weapons, but for the most part there's no reason to when you could just raise the difficulty to compensate. No matter what you do, however, be prepared to suffer somewhat until you get useful weapons for some categories; The Fencer's guided missiles come to mind, with most of the early ones either doing mediocre damage or not locking on fast enough.EDF 4.1 also lets you pilot giant mecha, a point which I would be remiss to not make clear at almost every opportunity.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=733162839How is the DLC?First thing about the DLC: Ignore anything that isn't a mission pack right off the bat, because they're weapons that are granted to you instantly, usually losing their effectiveness by about mission 20. If you want to deploy the inflatable anime girls for a laugh, be my guest, but steer clear otherwise.Mission Pack 1 includes 26 new missions, and while it touts them as ""some of the most intense the EDF has ever faced"", I'm not sure about that myself. Some of them include approximately 4 million insects for you to blow up or be blown up by (exaggerated somewhat for the sake of hyperbole, obviously) and include a few new ""species"" of giant insect. If you like the difficulty curve of the base game and want more to play with friends, this one's for you.Mission Pack 2 includes 23 additional missions, many of which are legitimately some of the hardest and most herculean efforts I have ever attempted to beat. Want to fight literally every boss monster in the game at once? Battle in an underground arena where new nests pop up on scripted timers until you're overwhelmed or kill them all? Take on 5 mega-nests at once? This one's for you, you absolute sadist. It could ruin friendships, kill your dog, or burn your house down. You have been warned.A little warning ahead of time: If you want to play the Mission Packs with people, you ALL need to own them. That's a little unusal for a co-op game, so keep it in mind before planning around playing them.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=729422074Final ThoughtsThe first time I remember seeing EDF 4.1 was on YouTube, way back when it was a console exclusive. My exact thoughts were something like ""that looks neat, but it doesn't run very well"". Years later, it's finally here. I've played through the base game 3 different times and am still somewhat interested in more. It's pure video game in every sense of the word, with a dorky story tacked on that will always give you something new to laugh about.So what're you waiting for? Barbeque those beetles!"
,Recommended,410320,28616495,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Purzel2205,"Do you like Serious Sam? Do you like Kaiju movies? If yes, then buy this awesome game!"
,Recommended,410320,28996811,Posted: 3 January,all,WildSyde,"EXPLOSIONS! CHAOS! BUGS! INSANITY!Do you like brutally difficult bulletstorm/bullet hell games? Do you like chaos? Do you like explosions? Do you enjoy killing insects? If you answered yes to any of those, then you'll love EDF.You take control of a member of the storm team, a group of Soldiers in the Earth Defense Force tasked with protecting the human race from a malevolent alien race known as the ravagers. They have giant ants, spiders, wasps, walkers,  giant spaceships, robots, and even giant spaceships that turn into robots!Overall it's a really challenging and fun game to play and amazing to play with friends.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Compared to EDF 2025As someone who has played every one of the EDF games on Xbox, I can say witout a doubt this one is my favorite. I like this so much more than EDF 2025 (The original Xbox 360 game is was ported from), and for many reasons.1. In the xbox version, your framerate would go to hell as soon as you got anymore than 200 enemies in your immediate vicinity. I have a pretty average PC and I have yet to have any framerate or lag problems in this game.2. The modified the levels to male it feel like you're actually in a war. Before, there fould only be ground soldiers, and despite the fact that the EDF had access to a wide array of vehicles, only storm team would ever use them. Now, the NPC EDF soldiers have vehicles, which actually makes it feel like the human race is really giving everything they've got to save Earth.3. NEW WEAPONS! Even some which allow you to REPAIR VEHICLES!"
76561198083323151,Recommended,410320,29310117,Posted: 16 January,all,ChronosFlame,"Ahhh, what's there to say about EDF 4.1 that hasn't been said already? Oh, I know.Fencers. Fencers are slow, kind of vulnerable to spiders -The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!-, the only class that can use melee...And let's not forget, the class with the heaviest hendheld weaponry. Including my forever favorite, the 30mm Gallic Heavy Cannon, a small-scale howitzer that rains death on enemies with a penetrating shot that goes in a nearly straight line from the barrel. Add in weapons like the Leviathan EX, the weapon with the highest damage I've seen at close to 30,000, which requires an external targeting source to even fire, and you have a class that can take on the role of one man artillery squad. A role that is oh so very fun to be in."
,Recommended,410320,28581793,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Avarlin,"Immediate TL;DR stuff: It includes splitscreen coop and stupidfun.From 3 consoles and now to PC, the game in which a 50 missile at once launcher is one of the more tame weapons. With classes of ""lasers and jetpacks"" ""artillery and tanks"" ""walking powersuit"" and ""generic grunt"". Voice acting in the background of the cheesiest D-Movie and it knows it. I strapped claymores to a tank and drove it into a horde of ants just before writing this, and this was AN OKAY STRATEGY.Godzilla-expy also shows up. You punch him out in a 50-meter giant robot. Then it keeps going.Crazy amounts of stupidfun, or incredibly serious on higher difficulties before ""well♥♥♥♥♥♥I shot my foot and we all exploded"" occurs.EDIT: No online splitscreen coop. It got lost with the .1 upgrade. Sorry. Local coop is still there of course."
,Recommended,410320,29197464,Posted: 11 January,all,Spookigen,"Starship Troopers if it was a Japanese video game. Up to 4 player co-op. Bug shooting exhibition. Extremely painful missions that make you want to cry by the time you pass them on Hard or higher when you first do them.Menu navigation needs some work (it's clear it was a port, the mouse is not a point but rather you move it to highlight menu elements depending on the direction you move it) and you can't mute your own microphone. Runs pretty nicely on my i7-4790/GTX 760 system. DLC isn't really worth it except for the mission packs when on sale.Recommended to play with friends. Everyone needs to own the mission packs if you plan on doing those."
76561198080675816,Recommended,410320,29717596,Posted: 5 February,all,\[T]/,"I've seen bits and things at first I wasn't sure what to exspect but when I found out it had this many missions and how quickly it can escalate from normal to inferno and how the enemy adjust in numbers and speed it's crazy, must say this has to be the only game I ever bought to give this much missions and things to spend time on. and the npc singing and saying silly things in between makes it overall a fun experience"
,Recommended,410320,28108379,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,sessile,"The best ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game to ever reach American shores. Online matchmaking does have some bugs (pun), but they're infrequent."
,Recommended,410320,28079009,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ocfos,God Bless America. ø_ø7
76561198031112567,Recommended,410320,24647216,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,LaughingCoffinz,Terrific game with simple mechanics and enjoyable destroction in the best way. Environments are well detailed and you really fell like your in a B horror movie. This is now a new classic in my libary. EDF!! EDF!!!
76561198093600620,Recommended,410320,24444388,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,yerroc00,"If you have played EDF 4 do i recomend this? Yes.If you have played any EDF's before 4 do I still recomend this? Yes, but 4 and 4.1 are like a whole new game from the previous games imo, still great games and personaly I like 4 and 4.1 beter, however, if you have not played the older ones they are still amazing games.What is EDF?EDF is the Earth Defence Force, you are a member of lightning team who is part in the fight against giant bugs as well as aliens and their robots. All loot is shared and split randomly so working together is a great tactic. This game has an insane amount of replayablity since you can increas the dificulty without makeing a new save, also you can change classes whenever you want, if that was not all the replayability you needed then at harder dificulties you get NEW and BETER loot, that is right, weapons and vehicles you may not of even heard of. Oh yeah by the way, SPLIT SCREEN IS SUPPORTED!, this is a vary great game for single or in teams, but it is even better with a freind.Classes:EDF has manny diferent classes that you can adapt to your play style by chooseing from the different weapons and weapon types, such as playing as a fencer and bringing artilery weapons for long ranged bombardments.Fencer: A class that can tank damage, the Fencer has weapons varying from long range artilery, to hammers that you can create shockwaves with, all the way to miniguns. The fencer is slow but if you use his thrusters that are built into his power suit he is actualy rather fast. The fencer comes to battle weilding 4 weapons, one on each hand and or shoulder. This class is built for fighting at ranges or for up close, also if you get mobed usaly they are the ones to charge in to help you.Air Raider: This class is rather adaptable to what the team needs, a great class for strategy, such has creating traps uncase you have to fall back, or weakinging the hostiles with air attacks before rushing in. The Air Raider is the only troop able to call in various attacks such as a ship of shore fireing a tomahawk missile to your chosen position, or even calling in bombing runs. The Air Raider has manny vehicles ready for request as well, but keep in mind, the Air Raider can only have 3 things on them, 1 is a vehicle, then 2 weapons, the 2 weapons could be anything, but if you want to bring a air strike it has to take a weapon slot. The vehicles vary from giant robots to bikes with a side gun on them, to helicopters with flamethrowers on them. The Air Raider and Ranger are the ONLY classes that can drive vehicles, however, everyone can gun (includeing the Air Raider and Ranger). The disadvantage of the Air Raider is that while they have a pretty good armor count, they have weapons that are not the most usefull if picked up by a bug if your vehicle is destroyed.Wing Diver: The Wing Diver is fastes of the bunch, they use a jet pack to get around mostly and have a pile of insane high-tech weapons. They are great for dashing above the battlefeild rainging down plasma and lasers or for droping down to revieve teamates, they are also amazing for colecting loot fast due to their speed advantage.Ranger: The Ranger may look like your ordinary EDF infintry, but they have quite a larger weapon cache than thoes AI. The Ranger also has a wide aray of weapons, cluster granades, missle launchers, granade launchers (some of which are incendiary), sniper rifles, asult rifles and shotguns. The ranger is the only other class that can drive vehicles other than the Air Raider. The ranger is pretty much built for combat at medium to close range, honestly is you are carrying a sniper rifle you will not stay back for long.What has changed from 4 to 4.1?1. The EDF AI are usefull now and actualy have things like tanks! Much more fun and interseting.2. The levels have been spiced up a bit and new hostile types added.3. Underground missions are AWSOME now, it is dark in them and all you have are helmet lighs to see, the air raiders can call in depth crawlers which have two spotlights foward faceing on it to help everyone see a lot better.4. New weapons and vehicles.5. Ligting effects for explostions, this actualy is a pretty nice adition.I hope that this review has helped people wanting to know if they should get this, the graphics were not improved much BUT it is way to fun to turn away from because of that... in short Fun>GraphicsI spent a hour makeing this review because I would like to share this great game with everyone I can, whenever anyone has come to my house and have played this or any other EDF games, they have always loved it and will always ask me for the name of it later on so they can buy it, yes it is cheesey but it is so much fun, I really can not stress this enough. If anyone has any sugestions to improve this review plz let me know.EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!"
76561198069428606,Recommended,410320,24446199,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ShyAndroid,"Got into a tank with a gun so powerful, that upon firing it I was propelled backwards slamming into and destroying an office building. Was the lose of hundreds of  innocent computer lives worth killing those five bugs in such a spectacular fashion? Yes.Still wiping the tears of joy out of my eyes.10/10"
,Recommended,410320,24462235,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SvenFletcher,Pretty much Starship Troopers: The Game.
,Recommended,410320,32866063,Posted: 27 June,all,Bunsley,Yo..... this game good
76561198122949049,Recommended,410320,32913536,Posted: 27 June,all,REAPERcas,EDF
,Recommended,410320,24464929,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Niaouli,"In this game, I am an agile and fast Wing Diver, wearing purplish pink armor that grows me twintails as a jetpack trail.It's my first day, and I've been riding on Godzilla's tail (and touching it plenty), chanting the song of the mighty EDF, while ripping his back apart with a laser chainsaw.All the terrified and painful screaming in glorious nipponese even makes up for the lack of good effects.Yes."
,Recommended,410320,24710668,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Crushfield,Do it for earth
,Recommended,410320,25050303,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Silver Fox,EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,25196999,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sluxslol,Get this ♥♥♥♥ing video game.
,Recommended,410320,24700408,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mokou: Good Morning! ~Miao~,"It's a starship troopers simulator. Ranger for the movie, fencer for the book."
76561198103816429,Recommended,410320,24494551,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TheAGamer,Amazing game to get your hands on. I'd certainly would recommand it to friends. Not only having the ability to choose between 4 classes but having to get your hands on a huge armory of weapons is what makes this game amazing.
,Recommended,410320,25874681,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bing Bing Wahoo,EDF EDF EDFBUY BUY BUY
,Recommended,410320,34583800,Posted: 29 August,all,Kent Mansley,Lots of giant metal men10/10
76561198117803793,Recommended,410320,24409320,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Maxkiller,COME ON YOU APES YOU WANNA LIVE FOREVER!!!
,Recommended,410320,24407870,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Maximillian,"If you hate insects, this is definitely a game to buy."
76561198086228783,Recommended,410320,35018219,Posted: 17 September,all,Rysquid,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forcesWe won't cut them any slackThe E.D.F deploys!But seriously, great game."
,Recommended,410320,24412400,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cerzel,It's EDF but now it actually runs at 60FPS and has decent M&K controls.So basically it's the best EDF experience yet.
13216161743132165,Recommended,410320,24483774,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tooƒ,best starship troopers game ever
,Recommended,410320,27507339,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Toonces,"""Why did you get married?""""FOR MY WIFE, I GUESS!""""Don't tell me you forgot your bullets!""""I FORGOT MY BULLETS!""EDF continues to be an absurd game series that never fails to be fun."
,Recommended,410320,30183779,Posted: 25 February,all,.0day,"You'll be expected to ruthlessly, and some times savagely, murder innocent giant insects that only want to suck the juices from your pathetic human body."
76561197963281618,Recommended,410320,24402416,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Shazbot01,"EDF! EDF! EDF!Oh I have missed these games. Not Insect Armageddon, that was... fair, but very different. I mean a REAL EDF game. My last real EDF game was 2017 for the Xbox 360, it was awesome. And now I don't have to buy a PS4 just for EDF 4.1!Sandlot, thank you very much!update 8/16: I have finished all 89 missions as all four classes on normal diffuculty, and YES you need to buy this game. Now. NOW. NOW!!!Ranger: Same guy from 2017, now with more toys. yay!Wing Diver: You can fly (for a while) and you get crazy OP weapons that eat your jump fuel / ammo pool wicked fast. You also get a laser chainsaw. Yes, a Laser. Chainsaw. Good times.Air Raider: Call air strikes with smoke grenades, laser designators, and beacon launchers, then kill stuff to buy another strike. Pairs with Wing Divers to give them beacons to refill energy pool, and Fencers to allow their super missiles to actually work. Can also drop tanks, apc's, motorcycles, helocoptors, and robots, oh my. Also, this is the man with the Zee guns.Fencer: Carry four weapons. Go melee with a shield and lug a 30mm cannon for railgun sniping with a missile launcher to squish distant land hordes. Or whatever combo that doesn't get you killed. Hint: use a missile launcher to ""spot"" targets for your long range guns underground."
,Recommended,410320,24549144,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mr.Saturn,DO YOU  HATE ANTS?BECAUSE IF YOU HATE ANTS YOU'LL LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,410320,24490263,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,UntoldOmen,the good parts of Dynesty Warriors meets a B-Movie Si-Fi setting/plot. it's wonderfulTHE EDF DEPLOYS!!!
,Recommended,410320,33466304,Posted: 11 July,all,KOOL_RANCH_DRESSING,"I've played Earth Defense Force 2025 on my Xbox 360.I've played Earth Defense Force 2025 on my PS3.And now I'm playing Earth Defense Force 2025 on my PC.Between these three versions, I've sunk over 400 hours into this game.I need help."
76561198024435129,Recommended,410320,24469543,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,fopper,9.9999999/10 only thing missing is a giant magnifying glass unless i havnt unlocked it yet
,Recommended,410320,25158371,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,NotCally,I never knew that watching hundreds of giant insects exploding was my fetish.
,Recommended,410320,24510322,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,base9wario,/m/: The Game
,Recommended,410320,32744070,Posted: 24 June,all,Anti-Fun­™ Activist,"If you don't enjoy defending your Mother Earth from any alien attack, you don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about video games."
,Recommended,410320,34154667,Posted: 10 August,all,Harry dugg,On word. Poetry.
,Recommended,410320,24462515,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Dire,Progress faster than science is impossible!
,Recommended,410320,28683120,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sp00nzie,"I recommend this to anyone who is a big fan of the EDF series. This game seems to go back to a slower clunkier approach when it comes to moving around similar to EDF 2017 with the added twist of character classes.My only gripe with this one is that theres no sprint button and you constantly need to either roll, do a short boost, or fly all over the map for a small period of time before waiting for your jetpack triple A size batteries to recharge.With that being said it is a rather challenging game when your the tiny soldier running at a four legged mecha fortress the size of sky scrapers."
,Recommended,410320,28737507,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SonicSam,To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forcesWe won't cut them any slackThe E.D.F deploys!
76561197988113155,Recommended,410320,24818376,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SAF,"""To save our mother Earth from any alien attack""""From vicious giant insects who have once again come back""""We'll unleash all our forces, We won't cut them any slack""""THE E-D-F DEPLOYS""I have a blast killing bugs in this game. EDF 4.1 is a simple, FUN as hell TPS that I recommend to anyone! If you're looking for a serious in depth story you won't get it here, but you'll get non-stop action with 1 of 4 classes, weapons unlocked by picking them up on the battlefield, couch or online co-op, and plenty of giant robots and insects to slaughter!"
,Recommended,410320,24435973,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,[JP]zak XD¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"this is the good game indeedwe got bugs and we kill bugsbut,don't forget itEDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24404876,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Bob Tango,"A very good b+ title that has become a gulity pleasure for many. While the voice acting, graphics, or little story elements may put of a few people, the ga,eplay is just good fun. unlock around 1000+ weapons, all with thier own stats and little quarks. choose between 4 classes and help your teammates out online with 4 player coop, or enjoy a splitscreen or single player campaign with around 80+ missions. Its a fun game to play online or with friends and I highly suggest you pick it up, Especially if it is on sale. EDF! EDF!"
76561197962857148,Recommended,410320,24593849,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Cadmus,"You'll see a lot of reviews revelling in the B-movie voice acting, absurd weapons, and silly enemies. These things are all great, but here's a big secret about EDF.The gameplay is actuallyreallygood.No, seriously, you'll find yourself balancing your loadout, coordinating what to take with friends over voice chat, figuring out strategies and improvising when inevitably the wheels fall off. The weapons have a nice variety and all feel quite impactful to use. The vehicles are (intentionally?) awkward to drive but rewarding when you get into the groove of them.My only real complaint is I do think £30 is a bit much for something like this, drop it to £20 and offer a 4-pack for £45-50 and I think it would be fairer. As it stands wait for a sale, then crack open a few beers, pop on your headset, and remember EDF Pride."
76561198021244149,Recommended,410320,24618465,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pangalactic,"Simply put, this is a shooter that aims to have fun by any means necessary -and it shows!The game is huge with 89 missions, the insane weapon variety (and we're not just talking ""more damage"", they are REALLY different! From close combat lazers to lightning weapons, sniper rifles, plazma launchers and plazma grenades, superweapons, electric crossbows, the variety of over 800 total weapons is just insane!), hundreds of enemies on each level who also vary a lot, hilarious dialogue, and really badass shooting with explosions all over the screen.I had an absolute blast all the way, and I thoroughly recommend this game to all shooter lovers.EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,25398557,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Yoshi,"Now I know about insects more than I'd like.The trailers should already give you a good idea of what to expect.You just go out there and shoot a buttload of bugs. Everything is super campy and fun.What I probably like the most is the growing sense of scale and epicness.Right on the first stage, you have to deal with a huge ant swarm. Then with each passing mission it slowly but surely ramps up on the things you have to deal with, until your whole screen is filled with nothing but bugs. You feel like a badass for completing it, until it gets a lot worse on the next mission.The game also gets exponentially better if you have friends to play with you, so get as much people as you can to play this game!So yes, I highly recommend buying it. At the very least, we may convince Sandlot / D3 to release more EDF games here on Steam in the future."
,Recommended,410320,24409220,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,-[Newizer]-,EDF this is REAL EDF !!!!!!!!!!!!!OMG !!
,Recommended,410320,24419602,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Loppy,The unholy love child of Starship Troopers and Dynasty Warriors. You play as a soldier in the EDF and kill bugs.DO YOU WANT TO LIVE FOREVER?Edit: alsotheresalootsystemwithnewgunswhichiscooliguess
,Recommended,410320,25389625,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Commissar Laiton,"The absolute worst third-person shooter that I've ever loved and played obsessively. You'll figure out within Steam's ""trial period"" whether you like this game or not, so if a $50 game is in your budget (or if it's got a neat sale going on) then this isn't a bad purchase to make."
,Recommended,410320,24401555,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Fluffy Haired NEET,"Having played some of EDF 2025 on PS3, I can safely say that if you want to play any game in this series, get this, it is pure fun in video game form. Compared to the sub 20 FPS and long load times on PS3, this game loads fast and runs at 60 FPS, and compared to other niche Japanese game PC ports, this is actually pretty competent thanks to having more features besides just changing resolutions.Getting on to the game, it is one CRAZY, arcadey shooter with sort of RPG elements involving you against giant bugs from outer space. With destructable environments and waves after waves of enemies on screen at a time, it leaves you outnumbered but never outgunned, thanks to a 4 playable characters and lots of weapons at your disposal. The way to upgrade your character is a bit odd though, you need to get HP upgrades/additional weapons though walking over them from defeated enemies, but in order to get better weapons you need to play on higher difficulties. You likely wont be able to get the better weapons on your first time though because the higher difficulties are hard to play through, even the first level, without having good enough weapons and enough health pick ups. Weird choice aside, I still cannot recommend this game enough. If you feel a bit jaded, feeling like all modern games are♥♥♥♥♥♥now, play EDF."
,Recommended,410320,24658725,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,僕の名前はジェッフ,It's fun so it's better than most games.
,Recommended,410320,24444189,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,TrueWOPR,"The best co-op horde-shooter series out there.  Settle for nothing less.EE-DEE-EFF!  EE-DEE-EFF!HELP, I'M TRAPEDSHUT UP WING DIVER!"
76561198064198514,Recommended,410320,24627103,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lovenought,It looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's actually amazing.EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24404820,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,phoenixblitzkrieg,"I love this series to death, and their first mainline excursion on to PC has gone fairly well in my experience. Pick up the game and shoot some bugs, ships, robots, and the worst enemy of all, office buildings.EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,25140891,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,68ST0X20,"Awesome.Single player gameplay can be a little shallow, as each stage is usually either very easy, or impossible. It's uncommon (but occasional) to find a stage where you can avoid defeat through skill and practice. However, the gameplay has a pure entertainment value in its point-and-shoot gameplay and doesn't depend on its challenge factor.The loot system feels limited, as you get a flood of new weapons when you can begin to manage finishing levels at the next difficulty setting; then you have a long stretch of getting no new weapons until the next difficulty setting is feasible.100% completion seems to be having each mission completed with each character class (x4) at each difficulty level (x5). The Easy difficulty just seems like a waste of time in this regard.Multiplayer is decent; and offers a chance to use character classes and weapons that look interesting/fun but aren't optimal in single player. It could have a bit more incentive/depth, and better matchmaking."
76561198055277326,Recommended,410320,28649995,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dragston,Watched my wingdiver try to pull her clipped head out of the ground for a full minute trying to recover back up after being blown away by an oversized alien lazer cannon.20/25 ragdoll physics
,Recommended,410320,24594108,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jehuty,"Tell me, do you hate insects? You will."
,Recommended,410320,28787223,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,busta hymes,this game is video games af y'all
,Recommended,410320,28757104,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Eliminator,buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game please its so god damn good. basically starship troopers but even more crack and japanese as all hell
76561198021211341,Recommended,410320,29696272,Posted: 4 February,all,LeeLin,"Such an addictive game ,easy to pick up   but get challenging very fast.I dont think ive ever seen this kind of insane chaos in a game ever especailly past lvl 15  ,it is soo much fun.Worth every penny"
,Recommended,410320,24410701,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,John the Monkey,"A huge graphic improvement from Insect Armageddon, can't feel any lag.Did not encourter any bug yet. No, there are too many giant bugs to fight! Died a few times, too!Multiplayer is smooth, we sing the whole EDF song together!EDF!EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24527759,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kyle,The greatest arcade action game has finally arrived on steam.EDF! EDF!!EDIT: DLC is a little pricey but it does add a large amount of new missions.
,Recommended,410320,25408320,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Suspicious Package,If this game got any more awesome I would soil myself.
,Recommended,410320,24447584,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,xAyamechanツ,Played for 5 hours to eventually reach 1% completion. I love it.
76561198036212216,Recommended,410320,24523731,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ameretat,"It's a great game, if you can overlook all the bugs."
76561197977498690,Recommended,410320,25357249,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bad At Game,"Arcade-style fun. Big bugs, big robots, big guns to help take care of the big bugs and robots. Cheesy plot / dialog, but not in a cringe-worthy way.One minor downside: It certainly feels like a console port; the menus aren't really great, and your multiplayer mic settings are inherited from Steam, rather than set in-game.I can't stop playing it; my highest level weapon is only in the 70s (they go up to about 100), and that one can level several city blocks with one use."
,Recommended,410320,24516190,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Strange Johnson,"Great game, seriously. The amount of fun you can have will get you at least 50-60 hours, if not more. Wanna shoot bugs? You can do that.Want to fly up in a bugs face and shoot it? You can do that.Want to sing with your troops as you march into death? You can do that.Want to pilot a giant mech into battle with the giant bugs? You can do that.Want to do all of the above while fighting giant robots, dragons, and godzillas? You can do that. And dieThe DLC is completely worthless, don't get it. Ignore it for the base game joy."
,Recommended,410320,24507086,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,HerpicleOmnicron5,EDF! EDF! EDF!You trained for Giant Insect Combat.Giant insects can't fly!
,Recommended,410320,25263421,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,theWeregopher,"I can't play this game without a huge smile on my face. I'm starting to look like the guy from the Cialis commercials. Collect guns, kill giant bugs and robots, listen to hillariously over-the-top B-movie commentary, then go get better guns."
,Recommended,410320,25261574,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stranger,"If you hate anything with more than 4 legs, if you want to see gaint robots get blasted, and take down massive Godzilla-like monsters in a flash of light of an explosion as the world falls apart all around, then EDF 4.1 is the game for you and 3 friends! It's simple mindless fun but it takes guts and quick reactions in heart pounding battles to win the day. The game will challenge you for hours of fun, laughs, and hair tearing out moments.This is a game for those who wish for the fun of yesteryear, when all you had to do is make sure you and your team were the only ones left standing.Edit:If you have not picked up this game yet then now is the best time to do so since it's on sale, again I cannot recommend this game enough to anyone who wants to just have fun with friends!"
,Recommended,410320,24420478,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Machete Mario,To save our Mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe’ll unleash all our forcesWe won’t cut them any slackThe E.D.F. deploys!
,Recommended,410320,24417906,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Aleksandros,"The game has ran without a hitch for me thus far, as a huge fan of the EDF series but was unwilling to buy a PS4 I was glad to see a PC port was getting announced. I've been having a blast with the game thus far, it's pretty much precisely what I'd imagined and more."
,Recommended,410320,24585802,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Onii-chan,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH4FFt4IS2II didn't think I'd enjoy this game as much as I do when I first started hearing about it. I just wasn't sure mindlessly killing bugs with Michael-Bay-inspired exmplosions and gunfire was something that I'd enjoy past a level or two.And yet, here we are, with me recommending this. It's glorious stupidity. It's America by way of Japan. It's Starship Troopers: The Third-Person Shooter.You destroy bugs with missiles, miniguns, and mecha. It's great, dumb fun. However, it's not without some frustrations.The graphics options aren't as customizable as most games, which can be frustrating if you want to turn things up or down.The UI can be wonky to navigate, as you use WASD instead of the mouse or arrow keys.I WILL say that the game is much more entertaining with other people, but that's almost a non-issue with how easily you can find randoms to play with online.However, buddies always make it more fun. As I said frequently when playing this:""OH, GOD, IT GOT ME! OH GOD!"""
76561198044050647,Recommended,410320,24461726,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nobodypoor,"To save our mother earth from any alien attack,from vicious giant insects who have once again come back,we'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24627058,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Claw,"EDF!!! EDF!!!Save our Mother Earth from any alien attack, from vicious Giant Insects who have once again come backwith the help of an immense arsenal of powerful (and highly unsafe) weaponry, four classes of soldier with their own special abilites and styles of play, an unending supply of deliciously ham and cheesy dialouge, and optionally 1-3 friends who will either make your life significantly easier or unthinkably short as someone ricochets a howitzer strike grenade off a streetsign directly to your feet!But that doesn't matterbecause the game is so much fun you'll be too busy lauging yourself hoarse at the absurity of it all to care!BUY it! Quickly, beforeThe enemy has multiplied, and formed a massive group!"
,Recommended,410320,24524668,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Asher,I did a first impressions of the game that you can find here. Go check it out!https://youtu.be/j6S00N8TLxU
76561198003325820,Recommended,410320,24467633,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,bloodking0,"Good, clean, bug-killing fun."
,Recommended,410320,24469037,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Padob,"The EDF series is one of my favorites and I have many good memories playing these games co-op with friends. Very happy to get to play it on PC. There is at least 100 hours of gameplay here, completing the story missions and unlocking weapons."
,Recommended,410320,24469473,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Rage,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing weird and I love it.  It's worth the money.   Each class has its own unique style and set of moves you need to learn.  I only wish there was more than 4 classes , but to be fair each of the 4 classes have good depth and set of weapons to choose from.14/10The bugs have evolved past scienceWill shield cancel speed boost fencer 4 lyfe"
76561198104187159,Recommended,410320,24711159,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jambone,"STATS4 Very Different Classes90+ Unique Missions800~ Weapons5 Difficulty Levels20+ Enemy Varieties (Including recolors)100+ Hours of GameplayOriginally EDF 2025 for the X-Box 360, then EDF 4.1 for the PS4, EDF 4.1: Shadow of New Despair is a port of a remaster of an already excellent game.  The 4.1 update includes several fantastic additions, from excellent class gameplay tweaks, to more weapons, to more missions, to more enemies, better lighting, etc. etc. etc.To put it simply, Earth Defense Force 4.1 is a B-Movie that you play.  While it doesn't include Bruce Campbell (waiting on that DLC, Sandlot), it DOES include big, fake-looking bugs and robots, as well as hilariously bad voice acting (don't worry, it doesn't get annoying quickly), and more explosions than Michael Bay's wet dreams.However, the smarmy B-movie charm isn't the main draw:  that would be the incredibly tight gameplay.  The series has been fine-tuning itself over the years, and while the ill-fated American-made Insect Armageddon may have flopped, it did introduce to the series class-based gameplay (although earlier versions did have two playable characters) and teammate reviving (I wish sprinting would've made its way over, too).  Each class has a very different set of weapons and moves very differently from one another, so even if you play through all 90+ Missions on all 5 Difficulty settings with a single class, you've only completed 20% of the game.Apparently, there are some problems with certain processors and troubles with cheating, but I have not encountered either of these.If you don't care about story or presentation or set pieces (basically everything that's killing video games today), then EDF is the game for you."
76561197999358586,Recommended,410320,24712869,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,KINGS GUARD GAMES,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I EVER PLAYED AND IVE PLAYED A LOT!
,Recommended,410320,24414834,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,I AM THE SENATE!,Great way to overcome your arachnophobia!
76561198018371850,Recommended,410320,30675671,Posted: 22 March,all,VostokMercenary,To save our mother Earth from any alien attack...
76561198084073936,Recommended,410320,30845436,Posted: 30 March,all,♫Baylax♫,10/10 would blow up again.
76561198061235284,Recommended,410320,25037260,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Merinis,"EDF stands as my favorite game of all time, now finally on PC! I'm selling this♥♥♥♥♥♥to my friends like I'm some kind of drug dealer...10/10"
76561198114626165,Recommended,410320,26879265,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Looneymoon,If you approve of robot fighting and want to be like Tombstone (EPIC & AWESOME) step in walking fortress balam fight against other (less awesome) robots or just step on the tiny giant insects.
76561198014354081,Recommended,410320,28417055,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Zenose,"Epic Chaos and Fun TimesI really enjoy this game, its fun for hours on end! Plenty of levels which allow you to mow through various bugs and different difficulties which become absolutely insane! This game is quite silly when it comes to the combat in the game. You are basically blowing through an entire city to kill big bugs. The game gives you many different weapons to accomplish this from simple machine guns to a robot taller than any of the buildings... that punches things... with giant robot fists. I would highly recommend this game to others but one this I would say is that the game is way better with friends. The main reason I say this is because when you get into the harder levels/difficulties certain classes can have a hard time at winning.Some other minor details that make this game a great buy.- It runs on a lot of machines. I was able to play the game fine on my old 550ti + AMD Athlon Computer- the voice lines are amazing. absolutely amazing.though there are some minor issues.- The UI can be a bit confusing at first, but is not terribly hard to get used to.- Sometimes it feels like the levels can get a bit repetitive.Pros:- Epic combat- Mindless Destruction- Plenty of weapons- Great co-op- Runs fantasticCons:- Confusing UI (at first)- Can get challenging fast- Single player users might struggle- Small amount of repetition"
,Recommended,410320,32878364,Posted: 27 June,all,Kokujin,EDF EDF EDF!
76561197966436947,Recommended,410320,32899135,Posted: 27 June,all,CDNBUDZ,Ya this is pretty awesome.  I feel like it is starship trooper meets classic militarty anime (Robotech/Macross)Pros* I like it* I can split screen coop* My wife likes to split screen coop this game* Looks pretty good and runs well on my older system* I can span 2 screens coop with a little help from nvidia* team damage that scales with difficulty (It is halrious when your partner is trying a new weapon out for the first time and you walk infront just in time to get blasted across the stage and killed....)   ;P* the over all look of the game charactures and weapons*You feel like a small but important part of what is happening as you play through the missionsCons- Not much control over settings but who cares we are here to shoot bugs and aliens and i can change what matters (may actually be a pro)- Weapons are all very different and need to read descriptions to realy understand what they do (I actually like this)- I have not figured out how to or if you can play with Japanese voices and subs (Cause that would rock)
,Recommended,410320,32941637,Posted: 28 June,all,jisang415,EDF! EDF!! EDF!!!
76561197963160605,Recommended,410320,29997785,Posted: 17 February,all,Twisted_Mentat,"Have a jetpack and lots of high-tech weapons (but guns and jet use the same fuel),be a trooper and use conventional guns with not so conventional shoulder launched explosives,wear power-armour as a mobile firebase/melee-powerhouse with two weapon configurationsor call in airstrikes, vehicles and deployables to support with heavy firepower.Buy and play if you like to fend off swarms of litteral hundreds of enemies using nothing but some OTT weaponry, careful character control and maybe a few friends.Avoid if you put graphics before gameplay or if you can't deal with clunky a UI inherited from the console this great title was born on (minimal mouse control and comparing weapons is hellish)."
,Recommended,410320,24420151,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,BEEEEEES,"Update Jan 12, 2017.It is STILL worth every. single. penny. Hundreds of hours later.Everything is so over the top. You think the game has hit its peak and then it tops itself again. 4 player co-op is a freaking blast. Also it's not *easy*!!! Like, there's actually a lot of room for good team coordination, planning, strategy - hell yea. One of the coolest things I've seen so far is that Fencer has these giant nuke missiles that you need an Air Raider player to paint  a target for you - it's useless besides. But OMG, when you coordinate and it works out - it's stupid awesome. I just left a marathon with a group and at one point our AR managed to paint a giant robot that was right in the middle of a crowd of like 20 of them, and myself and another fencer both got locked on and NUKED THAT CROWD INTO ATOMS. And you can ride in vehicles they call down and they actually do stuff while you ride like heal you or put you in a gunner's seat and...well quit reading this and buy it already. Game of the year. It's like the game Serious Sam has wet dreams about."
,Recommended,410320,24403018,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DaveKap,"It's an EDF game on the PC. It's not a trash port, with proper mouse/keyboard support (you can actually rebind everything, though the menuing is a LITTLE weird but you get used to it quickly) and full 60fps on a 1080 monitor.Really, there's no question here. Buy this game and play it and have the most fun you'll have until No Man's Sky comes out."
,Recommended,410320,24401419,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,PheonixKnight,"At launch the game would not work on many CPUs but they seem to have the bugs worked out with that.The game crashed on me after the update when someone joined the room for no reason.Otherwise this game is a blast. There are hundreds to thousands of hours to this game. It is easy to lose track of time and destroy half the city to take out one ant.The enemies start large and go to huge. Fight a robot whos foot is taller than you no problem after all he is the smallest robot.This game starts you off with a machine gun a rocket launcher and unlimited ammo yet they are some of the weakest items in the game.  You will take a laser chainsaw to ""not Godzilla"", use a giant mech to stomp on ants and sniper rifles to take down space ships.Think of Michael Bay directed a power rangers knock off in Japan that was brought to the states with bad dubbing.All it is missing is a giant tentacle monster.living here in jersey fighting villains from afaryou gotta find first gear in your giant robot carYOU dig giant robotsI dig giant robotsWE dig giant robotsCHICKS dig giant robotsNICEliving here in jersey fighting villains from afaryou gotta find first gear in your giant robot carYOU dig giant robotsI dig giant robotsWE dig giant robotsCHICKS dig giant robotsNICE"
,Recommended,410320,27769130,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,White Rhino PSO,"I'll be perfectly honest - so far as story goes, Earth Defense Force isn't going to wow you. The voice acting is ham-fisted, and the dialogue is written poorly. But, as far as I can tell, it was meant to be that way: over-the-top, comedic in how dramatic it is, all the while trying so desperately to take itself seriously. In a way, it's like the Godzilla movies of the past.And that's part of what makes it so amazing.Despite how ridiculous the premise of the game really is, and despite how much of a grindfest it can be if you're a completionist like myself, the game is simply.. fun. You'll start to get into tracking down the last few bugs scrambling along the alleyways between buildings in the city. You'll save every pedestrian or soldier caught in the spider webs. You'll feel your heart sink as the edge of the mini-map fills with red dots, signaling a literal tide of giant insects and Ravagers appearing on the horizon. And you'll feel the adrenaline and sense of pride when your fellow soldiers start to sing between skirmishes.Our soilders are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonettesTHE E.D.F DEPLOYS!"
,Recommended,410320,25348482,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Recodare,"You become Earth Defence Force..Your mission is simple..""Protect our Mother Earth fron alien attack!!!""EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!for the best experience..> play with your friend> Press ctrl> shout ""EDF! EDF! EDF!""> scream ""WAAAAAAAHHHHHH!""> sing ""To save our mother earth from any alien attack!"""
,Recommended,410320,25361782,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,an actual hot spring cat,"You roll around and shoot giant bugs and robots with awesome weapons and occasionally throw handfuls of explosive marbles at them while chanting ""EDF! EDF! EDF!"", 10/10caution: Very japanese"
76561198037730852,Recommended,410320,28935159,Posted: 2 January,all,Neflite,"All you ever wanted, all you ever needed is here in these insect arms.Words are very unnecessary, they can only do harm.Enjoy the mayhem."
,Recommended,410320,26975916,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dery,Chicks dig giant robots
,Recommended,410320,27903268,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skandrick,"buggy at times, but lots of chaotic fun."
,Recommended,410320,27746111,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Marquis de Lafayette,Giant Space Ants?
,Recommended,410320,26879446,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ricoon,DO YOU LIKE EXPLOSIONS!? DO YOU LIKE SCREAMING!? DO YOU LIKE KILLING GIANT INSECTS!?IF YOU ANSWERED YES TO ANY OF THE ABOVE EDF NEEDS YOU!19/10 WOULD YELL AGAIN
76561198066213822,Recommended,410320,28037576,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Literally Hitler,Don't walk in front of me when I'm firing.
,Recommended,410320,28687496,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,scott,spiders
,Recommended,410320,24689970,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,John Standpipe,10/10 would bugs again
76561197992040647,Recommended,410320,24690608,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,mr mcgoo,"Great game.  Highly addictive. Laying down tons of firepower to obliberate everything in sight .. ants, spiders, city blocks ....!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24925144,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,steltek,"This is a remastered version of the Earth Defense Force 2025 and a port of the PS4 version.This game is so incredibly stupid, but stupendously awesome at the same time!  Mash up a bad Japanese Sci-Fi movie with Starship Troopers, Godzilla, and whatever else that makes a B-movie incredibly dumb but fun to watch.  Graphically, this game may not be the best things out there, but you'll undoubtly experience hours after hours of fun.  The experience is even further heightened when playing through the co-op campaigns, whether you play with random people or friends.  Easily something I can go back to playing even when I get tired of all the new games coming out right now."
,Recommended,410320,25978703,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Ayyyylien,Bug pun.
,Recommended,410320,27252672,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anodyne,EDF!
76561198024900332,Recommended,410320,24615496,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,A.I.,There are 4 playable classes.Ranger - CONSTANT EXPLOSIONINGWing Diver - AERIAL EXPLOSIONINGAir Raider - SUPPORTIVE EXPLOSIONINGFencer - MO ARMOUR MO EXPLOSIONING
76561198006845032,Recommended,410320,24536646,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Eamund,"Leave it to the Japanese to make one of the most American game out there.It's like an unending 4th of July that is so intense you'll be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ red, white, and blue."
,Recommended,410320,24560047,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,That0therperson,The only game where you can play as a heavily armored ballerina with an explosive sledgehammer and be considered both a hero and a scourge on a galactic stage.
,Recommended,410320,24515378,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SKΛTΞºʳÐ¡Ξ☠  [222],"Never heard of EDF.Never regret buying it.Regret never hearing about it.Never had framedrops on 4790k 980.Never had problems with 4 player coop.Reminds me of 20 different movies and games...It's a malgamation...There are 4 classes.  I'm sure they're equally fun.  But I've been using the heavy ""Fencer"".  He's basically a tank with legs and mortars.  I've stuck with him ever since.  HEAVY weapons, HEAVY and SLOW aiming.  But you get unlimited dash, so it pays off.  (be prepared to SWAP the left and right clicker in the Fencer options, he holds 4 weapons.  Address them accordingly.)  [should be default!]I usually play 3RD Person shooters with a controller.  But I got on EDF with Mouse N Key and just stuck with it ever since.  (I can't even imagine how horrible it'd be with a controller.)  Navigating the UI with mouse n key is weird.  (maybe theyll update to have a cursor.)It looks good.  I love how far I can see action.  The distance and tragectory. I don't see how anyone can complain.  Except maybe a way to keep the corpses around a little longer!And I put the voices straight to Japanese VO.  I'll probably put English my 2nd playthrough.  It just proves story doesn't matter.  Mayhem overcomes, yeah, it's a bad situation.  I'm sure that's what they're saying.  And I actually LIKE the ""Typing of the Dead"".  So IF it's B-Movie style, I'm down with that too.  But I figure, we're in the streets of JAPAN, the civs are gonna be screaming in that language.I only crashed twice.  But at least the 2nd time was right when we started a mission.It runs the CPU a lil hot.  So keep your SH*T icy.Jerry Springer type sh*t Final Thought:  I want everyone to play this.  Hundreds of UFO's dropping thousands of MASSIVE insects.  MIND BLOWN.  It has split screen too.  Aliens FRACKING on a global scale!  It's a fun and scary thought."
,Recommended,410320,27783223,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LockwoodMaku,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! I'll keep it quick and simple. A B-Movie game with a lot of stupid fun.
76561197984546440,Recommended,410320,24810391,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,famuin06,"One of the most addicting games to play. Ultra battles on mega scale, tons of weapons, challenging missions with a unique reward system - The harder the mission setting, the better your weapons collected on the battlefield will be. The multiplayer is also a plus. It's very easy to create a LAN game, and just as easy to join someone else's online game. It's your choice, but don't miss out on the destructive fun!8.75/10"
,Recommended,410320,24441121,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rythern,"Some time long ago, 12-year-old me picked up Earth Defense Force 2017 from a Blockbuster on a whim. It was only a few dollars, so why not? Without exaggeration, playing through that game in coop was one of the best experiences I've had in video games.I was disappointed when I played Insect Armageddon and it paled, so horribly, in comparison. It had lost its identity.Earth Defense Force 4.1 brings back that experience, and builds upon it. More missions. Fun and varied classes. Same old ridiculous dialogue. And yet still very accessible to those who haven't played any game in this series. Because who the hell cares about the story when you have the firepower to level a city (which admittedly must be made out of breadsticks and molasses) in your hands? It's all about the gameplay, with just enough flimsy narrative to give you a reason to press forward while chanting those three letters that unfailingly boost morale across the world!If you are on the fence about this game, then I offer you a quote from one of the greatest men of our time.""I'm here to ask you one question, and one question only: EXPLOSIONS?!"" -Mr Torgue"
,Recommended,410320,24787527,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Feuver,"Get guns so powerful they can level cities without even aiming? Count me in.Get explosions the size of your field of view that makes the screen vibrate so hard it could give you motion Sickness? CheckFight until there's no one left to save, then continue fighting?EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24488982,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Judgement Neko,"Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF deploys!"
76561198136319938,Recommended,410320,24715427,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Lord Commissar Michael,"Helped me get over my fear of spiders, by blowing them all up with tons of crazy weapons."
76561198074391124,Recommended,410320,24867073,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SpontaneousCourage,"Imagine Starship Troopers but the soldiers are the greatest Patriots known to man and are armed with an arsenal that would put any 80's action movie to shame. That's basically the premise of Earth Defense Force. One should also know that, in order to experience this masterpiece to the fullest, shouting ""EDF!"" at the top of your lungs is a requirement."
76561198024174025,Recommended,410320,27467231,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tallyho,EDF!EDF!EDF!
76561198347523328,Recommended,410320,29497739,Posted: 26 January,all,Knuzax/Becks/GermanGuy/Johann,"Good if you wanna do something other while playing, like talking or hearing music"
,Recommended,410320,28078172,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NewAgeRetro,"Earth Defense Force 4.1 is a simple but fun game that is a breath of fresh air in a game industry that focuses far too hard on trying to be Hollywood. There's no elaborate unskippable cutscenes, no stupid quick time events, and no other garbage. It is just you fighting a massive hoard of giant insects.The gameplay is straightforward but enjoyable, you have a collection of different classes and weapons to fight a bunch of different types of bugs. The game is exciting when you are frantically trying to manage an overwhelming amount of enemies and hilarious with some of the overpowered weapons that annihilate entire blocks of the city you are supposed to be defending.The game can be repetitive and grinding for weapons can be annoying, but it never fails to bring a smile to my face regardless.EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24409072,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Nhan,"This is actually a pretty surprising game with absurdly over the top things.Its so silly the ideas and concepts is what makes this game so fun.You have to play it to feel it! Can seem repetitive with almost the same objective but damn its so fun killing things with so many over the top weapons and enemies.Not to mention its so fun when you get bitten as you will see your character screaming in pain, your body flying, flopping and camera shaking.This game brings a new genre to Steam and when you want to just have fun, this game does a good job at that with its quick arcade style. Some say that the game is 'so bad' that it makes the game so good!"
,Recommended,410320,28685725,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,High Men Buster,"Some of the silliest, most fun coop you'll ever have.  The sheer number of crazy weapons on each class is amazing, too."
,Recommended,410320,27388747,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vellum,Buy it for the multiplayer and just go wild.
,Recommended,410320,24437256,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dhoom,"This is probably the most fun game ever released. No joke. Buy it, Now.9/10"
76561198062034166,Recommended,410320,24437280,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Skyhammer,"This Game has risen my Hatred for insects to new heights, Perferbly the height of a giant fighting Robot."
76561198033010351,Recommended,410320,25218907,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lorem Ipsum,YOU MUST DEFEAT THE [GIANT INSECTS]
,Recommended,410320,24664577,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ROBOBITCH,To save our mother earth from any alien attackfrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backwe'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!
76561198155714909,Recommended,410320,24721017,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ripn Hello,"playstaion 4 game, runs very well with 1080 Sli. its the most fun i ever had, the audio is loud. you can call it the unrated by meta critic game of the year on steam i give it 9 out of 10 stars"
76561197999665361,Recommended,410320,24469818,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Brewmeistor,"""Progress faster than science is impossible!"", says leading Ravager scientist.Brain smash!"
76561198090486930,Recommended,410320,24476020,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,alpha_count,It is a good day to die
76561197997229027,Recommended,410320,24487321,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,znyx_99,"This game is amazing! It is like a 3rd Person japanese Serious Sam. This is one game that is not supposed to be played on ""easy"" and ""normal"" just being the tutorial.The online mode is the most fun part. Perfect for CoOp.And in all of this is also some kind of story told. I love how everyone starts out chanting the EDF song and how they tell why they are fighting etc... and with the mission getting closer to an end, there are fewer and fewer soldiers near you and the songs get ""muted""...I think that is more story than Serious Sam *g*"
,Recommended,410320,24520098,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Predz,"""Coming up next, it's our highly anticipated main event. What is shaping up to be a classic super heavyweight showdown, between the Ravager's Erginus and the Earth Defense Force's Walking Fortress Balam, piloted by the one and only, Storm 1.""""And we are under way.""""Erginus uses it's energy beam, but Balam is still standing tall! GO STORM TEAM! EDF! EDF! EDF!"" (Obvious human commentator bias)""ERGINUS CHARGES BALAM! ERGINUS CONNECTS! BALAM'S IN TROUBLE! HE'S DOWN! But wait, he recovers!""""Perfect combinations by Balam here with the left and right.""""Giant Insects are crawling all over Balam, but the brave men and women of the EDF are cleaning them off with some impressive support fire. The EDF always keen to display their giant insect eradication skills wherever possible.""""Erginus trying to run away from the fight like a typical alien would when the going gets tough, but Balam blocks his escape route in time...""""Erginus trying for a last ditch tail whip to knock down Balam, BUT HE COUNTERS!""""AND THERE'S THE RIGHT HAND! ERGINUS IS DOWN AND OUT!""""AND IT IS ALL OVER! JUST LIKE THAT! BALAM WITH THE KNOCKOUT VICTORY!""""IT AIN'T GETTING UP AFTER THAT!""""The winner of the match via KNOCKOUT, WALKING FORTRESS BALAM!""""Walking Fortress Balam and Storm 1, scoring a huge victory for the EDF, and the loss of Erginus will be a huge blow for the Ravagers.""""Absolutely, it will show them that humanity and the EDF will never give up or run away from a fight. Personally, I can't wait to see what Balam will do to those pesky Retarii, trying to capture our Wing Divers! DAMN THOSE FILTHY ALIENS! TRYING TO TAKE OUR WOMEN! DAMN DIRTY ALIENS! DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL!""10/10 I didn't think playing UFC games would actually help me to some extent in EDF games. Balam and Erginus should fight forever!If I can be serious for a minute though, thank you D3, Sandlot and everyone else involved for finally bringing a legit EDF game to PC, which for me thus far, has proven to be a decent port, no real troubles at all, and after playing tons of 2017 and 2025 on the consoles, this has been long overdue. Also, please port the 2017 re-release. My body and wallet are ready!EDF is life! EDF is love!P.S.EDF! EDF! EDF!"
76561198019747426,Recommended,410320,24537637,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Vegetta,"""Some days you're the bug. Some days you're the windshield."""
76561198008211473,Recommended,410320,24774186,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Perfect Crab,"Okay, I'll be blunt with you.Want some story?Want Edge of the field Graphics?How about some fantastic AI?Don't get this gameDo you want almost endless progression with hundreds of pieces of gear each for all 4 classes?Do you want great variety between each playstyle?Perhaps the massive number of mission and insane enemy variety?Actually, how about this- Do you want to have fun?Thats it, That is the single greatest feat this game has- its absolutely terrificly fun, it harkons to the error when a game cared for nothing but making sure you left with a smile on your face and a longing to try it again.While i'll mention the fact that this game is best played co-op (With up to 4 players) its still a hilarity on singleplayer, Everything from voice acting that sounds so absolutely wrong- yet is so right, The game is buggy and feels like a PS2 game, But everything bad about this game makes it so much better.Just buy it, Get your mates and buy it- The gameplay draws you in, You stay for the insanity and leave in a banquet of explosions and giant mech punching your friend into a skyscraper.Go on, buy it."
,Recommended,410320,24654537,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bede-x,"Yes, yes, yes. It doesn't get better than this, the best co-op shooter on the market with both local(!) and online play supported. An absurd amount of content with 90+ stages, 800 weapons and four classes with wildly different playing styles, you need this. It cannot be recommended enough."
,Recommended,410320,24637158,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,myalternatename,"Kill insects, robots, and kaiju. Then get killed back. 10/10"
,Recommended,410320,25210097,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,native jon pillager of lost woof,very buggyand the winged hussars arrived
,Recommended,410320,24780621,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,dieet =D,"""Have you proposed to her yet?""""I'll think about it tomorrow.""""Have you eaten lunch yet?""""I'll think about it tomorrow."""
,Recommended,410320,24523253,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,TAR-21,To save our Mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe’ll unleash all our forcesWe won’t cut them any slackThe E.D.F. deploys!
,Recommended,410320,24540993,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Tessou,"Rode in a helicopter shooting things, buddy punched me out of the air with a gigantic robot and then we won the mission. It is impossible to hate this game."
76561198023595055,Recommended,410320,24408202,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,pohatu74,"To save our mother earth from any alien attackfrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backwe'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!We are prepared for any alien threatThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends in jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroupthe enemy has multiplied and formed a massive groupWe'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupthe EDF deploys!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!EDF!"
76561198069014297,Recommended,410320,24620076,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Brother Ezeekiel,"This is the best thing to have come out of Japan, since Earth Defense Force 2017. I've shot at a giant alien ship while also shooting at giant ants and transport ships, all with a Sniper Rifle. I've killed super robots with nothing but a shotgun. I've done more collateral damage to Earth than the invaders."
,Recommended,410320,25123312,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MicroByter,"I grew with my family in Alamogordo New Mexico which was close to where Atomic bombs used to be tested in the 50's and 60's.  There were a few movies based on the nuclear fallout that caused mutations in insects - ants in particular.As a kid growing up near the place where these A-bomb tests took place, my parents would sometimes tell me as we were driving through the desert that those hills were where those giant ants came from and that the would come and get me if I wasn't a good boy.  I remember cowering in fear in the rear seat, peeking over the door ever so slightly hoping that I wouldn't see a silhouette of an ant in the distance.  To this day, I have a fear of giant ants and also Colonel Sanders, but that is a story for a different review.Earth Defense Force is about taking my childhood fears and dropping my own A-bomb or whatever I choose to use in my arsenal of collectable weapons to wipe out those hauting memories of giant ants, spiders or whatever else my parents might have conjured up to keep me in check.  While you're at it, take out half of Tokyo pretending you're a small scale WMD or just a walking Godzilla who uses guns and rocket launchers.I'm a good boy mommy, I really am.  Don't let those giant ants get me...Oh and there are tons of missions and different classes to interact and play as, something about an action shooter game in there as well."
76561198080796143,Recommended,410320,24428466,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Deacon?,"I was about to refund this. Then I managed to meet up with some nice strangers and we together killed some bugs, get killed by bugs and then eventually it was magically already over 2 hours. Sure damn lots of bugs."
76561198064138282,Recommended,410320,24460652,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Microsoft Edge,"Story 0/10Character Development 0/10Voice Acting 0/10Graphics 0/10Realism 0/10Overall rating? 5/7. Perfect score.If you want a game to play with your buddy that is challenging, fun, and easy to pick back up again every time you hang out, this is the game for you."
76561198055662530,Recommended,410320,24442423,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Glacerose,"Good old classic EDF. Lots of big bugs, lots of weapons, and lots of explosions. 10/10 Mastahpeece"
,Recommended,410320,24447932,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Jammer,I loved 2017 and this one is EVEN BETTER.11/10 Now I don't have to buy a PS4
,Recommended,410320,24453651,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Thirsty_Pickle,♫♫ To save our mother earth from any alien attack♫♫♫♫from vicious giant insects who have once again come back♫♫♫♫we'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slack♫♫♫♫The EDF deploys!♫♫
98496546524984958,Recommended,410320,24420174,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Birden,"This coming out on steam really caught me by surprise!I have a combined 500+ hours of this game on ps3 and ps4, and the only major thing that detracted from this series was the framerate drops. Well, now that's gone. So this game is pretty much perfect now, for me.Shadow of New Despair has a ton of content, a lot more than before the ps4 revision, and even on the ps3 it had plenty of content, so if you want a time sink, this is it.As far as the class balancing goes, i've seen a decent amount of all classes in my time on ps3-4. So far on here i haven't seen any wing divers, oddly. It might just be me. More importantly, each class compliments the other, with plenty of synergies and weapon combinations. On harder difficulties you actually HAVE TO think about how all of your squads weapons will work together to prevent being overtaken by a hoarde of insects. To me playing in a squad of four really boosts this game into another realm for me; there are just so many possibilities and different ways to play for each and every level that it just blows me away every time.Each class has things you can master as well.-Wing diver, learning to manage your energy is a must, and often requires a bit of ground time.-ranger, you have to really know positioning and mastering that dodge, because it's your primary survival tech-Air raider, learning to support the team through item placement, and vehicles, as well as learning how to effectively operate each vehicle.-Fencer, mastering spacing, and compensating for clunky movement and long recoil animations.And for each of those classes you can play with the literally 100s of weapons and weapon combinations for each of them.And as if all this isn't enough there is 2 player local coop, and versus!It's just so good."
76561198176524290,Recommended,410320,32448784,Posted: 15 June,all,dem428,EDF! EDF! EDF!!
76561197988328470,Recommended,410320,32818249,Posted: 26 June,all,DaveHaggis,"# TLDR StartIf you like NGE (Neon Genesis Evangelion)orIf you liked SHOGO (Shogo Mobile Armor Divison)This is the game for you!# TLDR EndI was just about to start up the game again...((After a brief and somewhat unnecessary break from it (about an hour))but then I thought that this creation actually deserves a review from me.First I thought; This game is awesome, I need to buy it.After I tried it I thought; what the hell, this is not what I expected,it even sucks a little...But then after playing through few missions and getting the hang if it.I realized; It is fantastic... It does not suck.It pulls you in!Its a ""no brain game""you aim and shoot,nothing more.that is.Until you start searching for finesse and efficiency.That is when it starts to become,challenging!Imediately,you find yourself withdrawn in your study,seclued in tactical thinking...Trying to find the perfect formula of:How to embody the perfect Pesticide.Pesticide incarnate.One starts to mix and match different gear,trying the missions on different difficulties,finding out where the limit goes and how to break it.I never thought this game would be so satisfying,challenging and rewarding at the same time.If you like NGE (Neon Genesis Evangelion)orIf you liked SHOGO (Shogo Mobile Armor Divison)This is the game for you!You might think that it ends here, but Oh no.there are Four different Classes out there to master.All with different gear.I just picked up this gameand I am not expecting to put it down in the near future.Final verdict: Get it.It is really wort the EPH**Expense Per Hour = Cost, divided by the amount of hours you played it(Just compare it to going to the cinema... Argh!)PROS:- Excellent experience and feeling from the different weapons.- Tons of weapons!- 4 Classes.- Lots of different difficulties.- Replay value is Immense.CONS:Must not be used with GSYNC and fullscreen.This makes the game freeze periodically in menues and during gameplay.However there is a solution to this issue.SOLUTION :- Go to Nvidia Control Panel- Manage 3D Settings.- Program Settings- Click ""Add""- Select ""EDF41.EXE"" (Or browse to it)- in ""Monitor Technology"" select ""Fixed Refresh""= No more lagging in game nor in inventory view, game runs flawlessly.Thanks for reading!Now I will go and play :)With best regardsDavid"
,Recommended,410320,33135200,Posted: 2 July,all,ArrowFire,"A Great game, but you could add some more guns and more levels in the actuall game than expansion packs as people like myself have finished the game really quickly get bored, there are those achievements to do but those i just can't do as it is too much work for me"
,Recommended,410320,29071172,Posted: 6 January,all,ds6,It really is something to be experienced.
,Recommended,410320,33082524,Posted: 1 July,all,Bonesinger,"Things you can do:> Blow up giant insects> Blow up civilian buildings> Kill giant insects by the hundreds> Blow yourself up because of dumb civilians/soldiers/insects getting in the way of your explosives> Shoot civilians after HQ tells you to ""rescue the citizens""> Notice that civvies are way harder to kill than ants> Punch totally not gojira in the face with a GIANT ROBOT!> Be a one man army> NEVER RUN OUT OF EXPLOSIVES! ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!> Pilot helicopters, tanks and small mechs> Get sad that you can't run over others to kill themThings you can't do:> Suffer fall damage> Get court martialed for friendly fire, wanton destruction and execution of officers (because you will kill some to get their soldiers to follow you)> Watch the reconstruction effort> Deal with hippies calling for peace with the ravagers and giant insects"
,Recommended,410320,24545804,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,American Shorthair Paladin,This might be my favorite game everhuge replayabilityfun voice actingfun gameplaya lot of unlockable weaponsa lot of uniquely challenging levels to beat in a variety of waysremember edf pride
76561198095487178,Recommended,410320,32964210,Posted: 28 June,all,MadGrassPerson,This game has that special feeling of you feeling like a little kid again when you just want to blow $#*! up. :)
,Recommended,410320,33249982,Posted: 4 July,all,Gardey | LFT,"Both amazing and the biggest piece of crap game. It's a terrible port that makes the UI terrible. You change settings by sliding mouse left and right and you scroll through options by moving mouse up and down. The UI is frankly really ugly and the game is only okay looking.With all that said though, it's amazing to play. It really is fun. I assume I enjoy it for similar reasons to enjoying terribly made movies. There is always something absurd happening. Overall, it is enjoyable and rewarding to play. The difficult modes are actually engaging. If you like games like helldivers, you'll like this style of gameplay, despite this being a third person shooter.Flight mechanics are really satisfying and the ability to access high points without hitting a skybox is really enjoyable. I'd definitely recommend this game when it is on sale."
76561198066296030,Recommended,410320,33167865,Posted: 2 July,all,Lord Biggums,Ten odda Ten
,Recommended,410320,32896811,Posted: 27 June,all,Bangcat,"Think it looks borring? Play it, play it with friends. It's not. It's awesome sights, hilarious moments, and if you ever liked sci fi anime, sci fi cheese, or even just massive machines, tanks, missiles, cannons, there's just something here for anyone who's ever liked a machine that goes BOOM!If for some reason you're having trouble with it, read the instruction manual in your library with the fun pokes of engrish spelling errors. Yes they are intensional.Dare to re map your controls that work for you, and remember with the Fencers your controls are slightly different, but every single one of your weapons has a sub effect, often a form of jump jet manuver, jet dash, or zoom function pending on the weapon for that hand. Consider keeping one melee weapon for forward dashes. Jump jets and weapon swap to use jet dash is VERY functional for getting around.This is a game great for meeting people, having fun with friends, vehicles, loads of weapons, go recruitment crazy with NPC's, it's just a lot of CO OP friendly fun with a TON of weapons to unlock and their functions are incredably varried. There's so much to try, and that's BEFORE you grab some of the DLC that has dropped along the way.If there is even just ONE thing you think you would like in this game, you're gonna have fun once you get there. It's a step back into the Dreamcast kind of gaming era before everyone thought their games had to be top leveles of shaders and the likes to just look and be plain massivly fun.It remembers what video games were meant to be. It naturally teaches you to play well with others when you don't even realize it, and you'll be a better gamer for it."
76561198043300872,Recommended,410320,29549086,Posted: 28 January,all,ViperClaw,"Power Rangers + Starship Troopers  = EDF 4.1It's the best trash game there is. Kill thousands of giant insects, robots, flying drones, alien dropships, walking fortresses, transforming motherships, dragons and godzilla-like monsters!It's what i like: A giant coop action playground of awesomeness. And the game is very self-aware about it!Features:-Online coop up to 4 players-Offline only split-screen for 2 players-89 awesome missions. Some with arcade-like boss battles (98 Missions in online mode)-4 different classes, each with their own advantages and disadvantages-Class progression by collecting weapon boxes on the battlefield for permanently unlocked weapons and armor boxes for a permanently increased HP-pool-Fully destroyable surroundings (Missed the rocket? Hit a building? See a part of skyline collapse in the background..)-5 different difficulties for a challange-Tons of one-liners from HQ and your NPC comrades. Listen live to the struggle of war, new scientific results and theories about the invaders and what is happening at other places around the globe while doing your part-Lots and lots of weapons/vehicles/tools for different playstyles and synergies between classesDo you like epic trash, like a good b-movie? Do you like addicting stupid fun action with tactical possibilities and cooperation? If the answer is yes, go and take a look at EDF 4.1!(Got mine for ~30 € at KlNGUlN last year)"
,Recommended,410320,32922101,Posted: 28 June,all,ILovePom,REMEMBER THE EDF'S PRIDE! EDF!!! EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,32952806,Posted: 28 June,all,Kirby012,Fun bug shoot game with some ayy lmaos.
,Recommended,410320,33041571,Posted: 30 June,all,Big Smoke,Insect simulator
76561197966566326,Recommended,410320,33283714,Posted: 5 July,all,Kelp™,"Super fun, but I would wait until its on sale for 30 bucks. Thats when i got mine and it is very worth it. Great game nonetheless, solid 8.5/10 from me!"
,Recommended,410320,24403631,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,☭,"Game runs at a solid 60 (as long as you dont have an AMD processor), compared to the solid 20 the ps4 version does. Graphic options only consists of shadows on/off, Anti-Aliasing on/off, and anisotropic filtering up to x16. Not much to work with but it doesnt really matter because the gameplay is what makes EDF great."
76561198271796524,Recommended,410320,26457675,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,The-Shwifty-Fapper,i just like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up
,Recommended,410320,24446803,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Spookghetti,"Do You like explosions? Do you like lots of enemies? Do you like weapons and tanks and giant robots and flame throwers and mortors and dragons and flimsy robots and shiled and ragdolls and lighting effects that slow almost any computer with more explosions giant bugs enemies that are always bigger then you random chants more explosions godzilla jet packs robo suits miniguns 200 enemies fighting you spaceships lazers airstrikes airships and basically anything in a cheesy 80's aliens movie thrown into a game with more enemies then you can count? If yes, buy this game and enjoy knowing nothing about whats happening on your screen but somehow having the time of your life while the mass amounts of explosions murder your fps. You'll have fun with this game, all-be-it mindless fun."
76561197973616173,Recommended,410320,24417810,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,rosshaslett,"Love the mindless violence and the chance to get better weapons. I also enjoyed insect armargeddon so maybe that says more about me than the game, oh well. The game works well for me except for the fencer, just cannot get used to the controls, but overall it is fun to play what more can you ask."
,Recommended,410320,24939123,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TR-8R,Textbook definition of a PC port.Haven't run into any bugs at all.
,Recommended,410320,33841759,Posted: 27 July,all,minwu,"really good co-op third person shooter, there's a good variety of weapons and vehicles and it's satisfying to shred hordes of insects and giant robots with an overpowered gun"
,Recommended,410320,24596593,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Voidfox,"Earth Defense Force 4.1 is a B-movie-lover's dream game. Giant bugs, robots, UFO's, massive firepower, cheesy one-liners, action-packed... it's all here, baby, and it's bloody glorious!Earth Defense Force 4.1 has the giant monsters of B-movies and the cheesy humour along with it. House-sized bees and spiders, 10-story robots, groups of soldiers singing while moving from one objective to the next, dozens of trails left in the sky after rockets find their target, large UFOs slowly crashing into a fireball of destruction, monster ants flinging NPCs or my character for miles with arms and legs flailing as we somersault through the air awaiting our final landing spot: it all just puts a giant grin on my face.The 4 classes in Earth Defense Force 4.1 were all fun to play, some a little more than others, but your mileage may vary. For e.g. the Wing Diver has a jet pack and is great at hit and run tactics and collecting loot sprawled all over the battlefield, but she has the lowest armor of all classes making her more of a glass cannon. Want a little more beef and fire power? Play the Fencer who wears Fallout-style power armor and has the capability of wielding tank-like cannons in each arm.I was a big fan of the fact each class comes with their own set of weapons I needed to find and unlock, half of the fun was experimenting with each new weapon, experiencing its strengths, weaknesses, and quirks. After getting a good feel for each weapon, it was fun playing with optimal weapon pairings for each mission!All of this fun can be shared with 3 other players in online co-op. I found myself thinking back and laughing at the fantastic memories and stories generated by Earth Defense Force 4.1 based on the experiences I had with friends and random players online. The game produces so many epic “wow” and “what the f*&$! is that?!” moments it makes it difficult not to recall them.Imagine building-sized robots stomping towards you while massive alien motherships drop 100's of giant ants, all while dodging a barrage of lasers and alien bee stingers.One of my favourite memories so far was the surprise mech called in by a teammate during a mission where giant red ants storm the beach we were tasked to defend. During all the carnage, one of our online teammates stops firing and says, “Don't worry guys, I got this.” I looked up to the sky to find a huge Pacific Rim sized Mech Warrior being choppered to the beach, lands with such force the sand kicks up, momentarily blinding my view of the impending ant swarm. Then my teammate enters the mech and starts stomping the ants like a slow moving angry child throwing a 1000 ton temper tantrum. All the while, the ants swarm the mech, crawling all over and up and down the hulking armored body. I took the opportunity to pull out my rocket launcher and start firing at the ants, watching them fall off the mech in droves. This was such an incredible moment.I don't kid myself, Earth Defense Force 4.1 has many glaring issues, the menu UI, lack of VoIP control options, sluggish vehicle movement, slight frame drops during gigantic explosions with 100's of enemies on screen, less-than-impactful weapon sounds, and a host of other bugs (not of the insect kind!). Yet, it remains one of the most fun games I've played in 2016, slowly creeping up the ladder of my top 5 games of all time. It's the type of blissful, mesmerizing fun I have not had in a long, long time.EDF!! EDF!!Full review:http://discoverplayshare.com/review/the-edf-deploys-mindless-blissful-fun/"
,Recommended,410320,24836793,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,I love the lag,"EDF is a Japanese alien invasion B-movie, basically transposed into a series of games.  Most of the gameplay is comprised of ridiculous ragdolling, getting swarmed by spiders and shouting ""EDF!"" Uncontrollably.  In general production values are a bit low, but the games tend to be scenario-driven stage to stage, intentionally ridiculous and quite visceral.Local co-op has always been one of the main draws of the series, but this time the Online Multiplayer is quite good as well.  With four different classes that play quite differently (including one that's almost entirely team-oriented), there's enough variety that not everyone will necessarily call the same roles.  Multiplayer is the majority of the fun, as you collaborate while trying to parse how your friend is wearing a tank as a hat, why most of the city is missing or why half of the vehicles are out and out terrible.You collect weapons that generally all have a strength and weakness, but gradually become stronger over time.  Not unlike diablo, the higher difficulties allow stronger weapons and let you obtain them through crate drops from enemies.  You end up getting a trickle of interesting guns and death machines, but if you need to get a shiny new toy every mission, this might not work out for you.  On the flip side, there are a lot of missions, so that may appeal to you instead.All in all, unless you're really dedicated to so-bad-it's-incredible bug squashing on your own, or plan to play split-screen co-op, make sure you can convince some friends to get their own copies and play with you.  If you can't, I definitely can't recommend this enough, but if you can- you're all going to have a really good time."
,Recommended,410320,25539515,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kiryu,"Everything in this game is perfect.Except for the bugs, which quite annoying to handle."
,Recommended,410320,24435997,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,D. Blenn XCVIII,"10/10 Skyrim with mechas!If you love ultra-man, jiban, jiraya and others Tokusatus, buy this game!Positive Points:MechasMini mechasGodzillasFu******* Split-Screen!Negative Points:Japanese GraphicsIf you have a AMD CPU....4 players is the limit in multiplayer4k support?"
76561198126548342,Recommended,410320,25537680,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Delta-Nexus,Cheesy lines and plot? CheckGiant insects? checkbecome a human sized gundam? DOUBLE CHECKbe a sexy♥♥♥♥♥chick who can fly like a jet and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up ? FLYING CHECKaudio that sounds super sexual when in spider webs? SEXUAL CHECKI'D RECOMMEND THIS TO MY GRANDMOTHER FIRST THEN EVERYONE ELSE BECAUSE I WANT TO SEE HER REACTION FIRST
,Recommended,410320,24420302,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Robotitz,EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!
76561198044195889,Recommended,410320,28853209,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FelipeJoker,"GET THIS!Ok. why?One of the few games where you like to see a lot of bugs!Call vehicles, air support, artillary, bombers, a ""MEGAZORD"", smaller mechs, helicopters, tanks, railguns, laser satellite attacks, fly around killing everything with your jetpack+mind controled lasers, become a tank in your power armor... With awesome destroying-the-entire-city effects...And you get to yell EDF! EDF! And Npcs and players alike shout back.Oh, also, 89 missions, about 800 weapons, 4 player online co-op, 2 player split screen co-op, 4 classes good in their own way that make you want to try all of them..."
,Recommended,410320,24432996,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Fana7ic,"Great game for a niche audience.If you like killing hordes of seemingly never ending enemies, this is the game for you.Giant insects, UFOs and Robots and tons of them.You can choose between 4 classes:Ranger: Standard ground soldier, Rocket launchers & Machine GunsWing Diver: Can fly, can´t take much hits, uses electro and sniper weaponsAir Raider: Support Class. Can spawn vehicles and call in air strikes. Doesn´t really stand a chance in close combat  with a lot of enemiesFencer: Heavy armored soldier. Uses Gatling Guns & other large weapons. Has a shield and can dash.Performance is good, 60fps most of the times with rare dips into the 30s when a lot of buildings are falling (this is on an HD7970).This is a Japanese AA game so it´s not perfect. There´s a lot of cheese going on with the story and voice acting (although you could argue that´s part of the charm), menus are clunky and the graphics options you are given are basic to say the least.Still, once you closely beat a level after fighting your way through hundreds of insects with other players in multiplayer and everyone´s cheering ""EDF! EDF!"" you can see past all short comings and simply join into the cheering."
76561198010453659,Recommended,410320,33019563,Posted: 29 June,all,goobawhoba,"Bug stomping, robot crushing goodness, what more could you ask for.God I loved the previous Earth Defense Force games and getting this play again with friends is amazing.Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,410320,28729377,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ParksandRekt,So the earth is now covered with insects and the reponse to this is to send a bunch of stupid simpletons with grenade/rocket launchers  to take care of the problem.♥♥♥♥ing brilliant!
76561198153758897,Recommended,410320,24531363,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Akira101,Best played online with people on hard to inferno mode.
,Recommended,410320,24463981,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,"HOTNIGGA, datebayo <33","You may think that this game is a mere hack-and-slash genre, like in Dynasty Warriors or Saints Row. No. Yall are wrong.This game is just a commentary of Imperial Japan's military aggression against the United States during World War II. EDF = Japan. Opposition (Aliens, Bugs, etc,.) = USA. Like Imperial Japan, EDF lacked the advanced weaponry and the numbers of her opposition (aka USA). Thus, my fellow comrades were both heavily outgunned and outnumbered to the point where I became a lone survivor to this inevitable doom. Remember the mission where only merely-poor tanks and rangers must defend the beach against the superior alien robots (the one without the free bombing run)? Doesn't this mission ring a bell? If not, ignorance must be erradicated as this mission represents the US beachhead operation on Iwo Jima. Many of my fellow soldiers were swiftly rewarded a plane ticket to Yasakuni Shrine. How about the alien attacks on civilian in urban environments? That represents the US firebombing of Japan during the course of the war.Despite our tremendous losses, I sense the Spirit of Yamato, the Essence of Bushido, and the Presence of the Samurai within the physical bodies of the EDF. Like the Imperial Japanese, the EDF fighting spirit will always outmatch the weapons of the foreign devils. Their arrogance only focus on material. We, EDF, focus on willpower. If I choose the side between Imperial Japan or USA, I'd obviously join Imperial Japan. The Emperor needs me. The white devils will never hinder me. The Yamato Race will live on to bring peace to the world through military unification like our Fore Fathers did during Sengoku Jidai, the invasions of Korea, the war against the Russians, and the conquest on the Chinese. OUR SPIRIT BULLETS ARE NO MATCH AGAINST THEIR LASERS, ACIDS, CLAWS, MANDIBLES, PHOTONS, SPIDER WEBS, ETC,. GUNS UP, MY NAKAMA! WE SHALL FIGHT WITH KATANAS DRAWN, DE ARIMASU!TENNOHEIKA BANZAI EDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFTENNOHEIKA BANZAI EDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFTENNOHEIKA BANZAI EDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFTENNOHEIKA BANZAI EDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFTENNOHEIKA BANZAI EDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDFEDF"
76561198090760837,Recommended,410320,33249456,Posted: 4 July,all,kaori_hero,Blew up 3 building to kill 1 giantant10/10 would defense the earth again
,Recommended,410320,34136990,Posted: 9 August,all,imphotographer,Endless fun
,Recommended,410320,34117980,Posted: 8 August,all,RoGreat,The EDF deploys!
,Recommended,410320,34091821,Posted: 7 August,all,[Meme Overdose],its like starship troopers but with glitch.10/10 want to know more
,Recommended,410320,24419097,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Feenecks Platinum ♥,Greatest debugging program I know of
76561198153683410,Recommended,410320,34452785,Posted: 23 August,all,Saint Aldritch,Edf! Edf! eidieeeffff!!*stabbed by giant spideridieeeeeee....f!!*dies
76561198067762567,Recommended,410320,24443608,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,AT_CG0213,"EFF! EFF! EFF! oh wait..... EDF! EDF! south africans, you'll know what i mean ;)"
76561198002479508,Recommended,410320,24443459,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Fobb,"If you love action game, don't miss it."
76561198035930071,Recommended,410320,24443478,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Dowski です,"Honestly this game is a blast especially if it possible to group up with 2-3 of your friends. I remember playing the EDF games a long time ago and they were a blast back then. The only problem I have had so far was crashing but I'm almost certain the reason for that was my steam name being to long. As soon as I shortened it the 6 characters it is now, it worked right away no problem. Which is dumb seeing as your name in game is the name of the character save file your on.But other that highly recommend this game.11/10 Would sing the EDF anthem again!!"
,Recommended,410320,34507266,Posted: 26 August,all,Verizian,"Awesome, crazy game that's only let down by a few glitches with the multiplayer lobby system and having to pick up every loot box before you finish the mission or losing out on a load of stuff."
76561197975553094,Recommended,410320,28316244,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ultanemesis,"""To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forcesWe won't cut them any slackThe E.D.F deploys!""... I've seen serious some s*** and it ANT pretty. Will follow any individual into glorious battle if they simply chant those lyrics. 91/100"
76561197995389078,Recommended,410320,24406811,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Living Joker,"A modder fixed the AMD CPU issue that Sandlot/D3 couldn't, see the game community discussion for links. Game is great. Performance is still not quite there but hopefully they patch some performance fixes in. If you have never played EDF before, do yourself a favor and look up some gameplay videos so you know what you're getting into. Odd mechanics, big everything, lots of grinding, lots of fun. Except for the underground missions, those are harder than ever now thanks to total blackness aside from soldier and crawler flashlights; they used to be a fun romp down brightly lit caves, now it seems death is far more likely than ever.If you like what you see in gameplay videos, buy it, because it's nothing but that."
,Recommended,410320,33035422,Posted: 30 June,all,Charxy,Best mess I've gotten myself into
76561198049106163,Recommended,410320,24408373,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,CommanderStrike1,"Oh man if my current setup wasn't so bad, I'd play the heck out of this game. (Trying to play on a T420 doesn't help (laughs).)Funny enough, I found out that the game was released yesterday after a user on a Discord server posted a youtube video with the EDF chants in-game (Which I have stuck in my head lmao). Now I wasn't aware the game came out at the time, but I soon connected the dots reading the comments. After that I immedietly purchased it, and lets just say the game is literally amazing.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to join my comrades in chant:EDF!!!!! EDF!!!!! EDF!!!!!"
76561197968456655,Recommended,410320,28295028,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Lepris,God this game is buggy..... and botty...... and alieny.....
,Recommended,410320,25020730,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,PeskyEddie,I would write a review.But I don't understand why I love this game so much.
,Recommended,410320,26483180,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Averof,"this is the first game i have seen on steam increase in price three times in a god damn row so if you are gonna buy this wait until it goes under 40 euros. Because while it is fun 46 euros is not worth playing variations of the same copy pasted  9 maps they have. Same  goes for the weapons, out of the ""800 weapons"" half of them look the same but have different stats. Also it should go whithout saying, if you have no friends to play this with you will not enjoy it. Now go read the review of someone that can ariculate their thoughs properly and buy this on a decent sale"
,Recommended,410320,28231195,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Lepmtg,"b-movie ova, meh graphics, and repetative missions.not really a surprise this has been the same throughout the edf series, online co-op being the newest dongle. i like it and would recomend it. this game really is the shooter equivilent of dynasty warriors or samurai warriors. complete with just as bad graphics, menus, storyline, and translations/ova.if you liked dynasty/samurai warriors this game will be a great buy.if you didnt like dynasty/samurai warriors this game isnt for you.if you think you might like it wait for a sale as $50 for this game is crazy. but if you like the 1 vs. millions genre then buy the game."
,Recommended,410320,33295697,Posted: 5 July,all,RgKFenrir,To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forcesWe won't cut them any slackThe E.D.F deploys!
,Recommended,410320,24589191,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DevDotEXE,"EDF is like the old Godzilla -- you can clearly see the zipper on the suit, it's obviously made of rubber, and none of the joints bend in the right ways, and all of those things are what make it timeless and endearing. EDF purposefully doesn't try to get everything right in its presentation, but it isn't a parody of bugginess like Goat Simulator. Instead, it's found genuine charm in imperfection, and it knows its rock solid and hectic gunplay will overcome the strangeness of seeing a giant ant stuck inside a lamp post now and then. EDF is confident that it's fun, and knows that that trumps all else.Beyond the thematic and technical camp, EDF has a well tuned difficulty curve and some extremely thoughtful challenges requiring both tactics and proper gearing. Co-op is wacky fun as well -- picture playing L4D against Power Rangers villains and you'll have a fairly good idea of what you're in for.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,410320,24408160,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Roamin,"I've played EDF 4.1 on the PS4 for about a year. Me and a friend of mine got to the final boss on hard, and one thing to know is that the harder difficulty is where most of the good weapon loot is kept. As for the gameplay it's a ton of fun and campy. The game would chug the more damage and carnage you inflict on the environment, and I need to play more of the PC port to know if that's improved depending on hardware. There's a ton of enemy variety and inferno will wreck you if you're not careful. You'll go from pretty basic weapons that barely hold their own against enemies to weapons that can level city blocks. I'll be back to update this review if the port is not up to snuff.Edit 7/21/16: It seems that cheating is making the rounds in online play. If you don't want to have everything you've unlocked be overwritten by someone cheating to unlock every weapon, make sure to back up your saved data often: Documents/My Games/EDF4.1/SAVE_DATAThere are some reports of older AMD processors rending the game unplayable, but no framedrops on my GTX780 yet. Online games might disconnect during the beginning loading sequence."
76561198025859936,Recommended,410320,35197442,Posted: 24 September,all,joskaromero,"Fantastic game, over the top fun and a surprising level of tactical depth probably the most fun I have had in multiplayer with any game."
,Recommended,410320,25603278,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,AerosmithX,very Funny Co-op multiplay game
,Recommended,410320,26274214,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dutchoper72,The only Good Bug is a Dead Bug!!
,Recommended,410320,26847161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bobthefatcat,"edf one of the greatest games ever mass killing of bug , robots ,tanks and best of all EDF!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,410320,26858145,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rain,Kill bugs. What more can you ask for?
,Recommended,410320,27102463,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Slinks,"If you like serious sam, dynasty warrios, or games of their nature where you just run around and kill lots and lots of things and have a great time doing it and getting your soldiers to sing along with you all game because for some reason you just can't stop singing the edf anthem and it gets to be a problem and you try to talk to people about it but they just laugh it off and keep walking and your life kinda just slowly spirals down and down until you're in the gutter drinking wine and singing it to yourself until eventually you die an incomplete husk, then this game is definitely for you.Also it's really fun and stuff."
,Recommended,410320,27117377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,STD_North,"If you've ever cared about anyone, take up arms and defend our mother Earth!I'm also blown away by the beautiful patriotic feeling this game brings to me."
76561198054823204,Recommended,410320,27144347,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GrayScaleIsolation,"If you like B-rated movie style humor and acting, silly absurd weaponry, giant robots punching giant lizards, explosions, the irony of destroying the city in attempts to prevent the aliens from...destroying the city!And my favorite- the silly ragdoll physics.Then I recommend giving this game a shot with a couple of your friends"
,Recommended,410320,27204967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raykiro,It's ♥♥♥♥ing epic!
,Recommended,410320,27397137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Necrum,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attack,From vicious giant insects who have once again come back,We'll unleash all our forces! We Won't cut them any slack!The EDF Deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their JetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF Deploys!Our forces have now dwindles and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF Deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,27397229,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rolfenstein's Monster,"This game will make you wish for 100 more weapons, and 10 more classes. Not because the game is lacking in weapon selection or class variety for killing aliens and gigantic insects. But rather because the class and weapon selection is so amazingly verbose, over the top, and downright satisfying... that all you'll want is more once you begin the carnage."
,Recommended,410320,27633222,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dikson HK,This game is cool if you like simple minded action games and don't mind a low budget cult feeling.This is the only EDF that can run smooth (if you have a middle ranged pc)Only bad thing is the armor farming takes too long.
,Recommended,410320,27976637,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Han SoLong,I didn't understand all of the hype or cult-like nature. But I bought the game on sale with a friend and played for a few hours. All I can say after logging 8+ hours... EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,27987942,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Avatar of Khorne,"Do you hate bugs? Like really hate bugs? Do you also hate robots, giant monsters, dragons and urbarn sprawl? Then I have the game for you! Edf 4.1 has all of the tools to destroy your hated foes ranging from orbital lasers to mech suits to even children's fireworks! It's really a fun co-op couch experience for you and a trusted friend (as friendly fire will lead to more deaths than any enemy will), that will provide hours of mindless fun at a variety of difficulties."
76561198310771310,Recommended,410320,27990873,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Siamese Deluxe,"So, you're looking to buy a game where you shoot giant insects and protect the Earth from an abominable-scale alien invasion.This game is just that.I'm not very far through the game, but even on the first level, one can tell it's worth its $50 price tag.Listen, if you want to drop some serious money on a not-so-serious game, do it. EDF is a romp of a time shooting giant spiders with tanks.9/10."
,Recommended,410320,26604727,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bio_Angel45,Its a fun game to play with friends.so if its in sale you better get it.
,Recommended,410320,26611132,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CacaRoachSeaShell,gr8
,Recommended,410320,28145090,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Araganor,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attack!The Ravagers, a futuristic alien race, are invading Earth with their army of giant bugs and robot death machines. The Earth Defense Force, a special military force devoted to eliminating alien threats, is our planet's only hope of survival. Grab a gun (or three) and help with the world's largest extermination!Before games had long cutscenes and fancy graphics, they werefun. EDF captures the fun of gaming. Yes, the voice acting is incredibly cheesy. Yes, the framerate can dip into the 20s when there are a million giant spiders hopping around on the screen (arachnaphobes, you have been warned). And yes, the grind for better gear can be very tedious. But, when you get some friends together and are all chanting the EDF theme song as you blow up a ridiculous number of bugs and robots with every weapon imaginable and then some, you will understand what it means to have fun in video games."
76561198091919922,Recommended,410320,27119530,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Old Spice,This is super fun. I love the destruction and the p-p-p-p-p-p-power
,Recommended,410320,28580845,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tantura,"Game is pretty hard on hard, makes it enjoyable and quite worth playing it through on easier difficulties first to accumulate the armour (health) for the onslaught."
,Recommended,410320,28813523,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MachineZero,"One the best PC coop games there is, period."
76561198038933120,Recommended,410320,28834330,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AinSophAur,First game review ever...And I will keep it short - if you played EDF 2017 and loved it BUY THIS GAME!EDF 2017 was absoultely one of the best Coop games Ive ever played and 4.1 takes it to the next level.Very similar to 2017 but with 4 very diffrent classes + ~90 missions + >800 weapons...you will not be disappointed!
76561198291970205,Recommended,410320,28984558,Posted: 3 January,all,Maginus,Its just plain fun and funny. Loved every minute of it.
,Recommended,410320,29281398,Posted: 15 January,all,KNACK 2 THE FÜHRER,"This game is perfection. As someone who has a nearly 100% save file for EDF 2017 on the Xbox 360, over 100 hours in 2025 on Xbox, and an additional 100 on 4.1 for PS4, I can confirm EDF (besides Insect Armageddon, that game is poo) is the greatest thing to ever grace this universe an then some. It's simple, you blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up to prevent the aliens from blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. I don't understand why real militaries don't look at things the same way. If you don't want someone else to destroy something, do it yourself while killing them in the process."
,Recommended,410320,28899402,Posted: 1 January,all,Fahri Hamzah,"Bought this for the lulz, ended up playing this all night long during new year :D"
76561198027598348,Recommended,410320,28991674,Posted: 3 January,all,MonkeyEmperor,"Incy wincy Spider went up the water spout,Along came a Napalm Launcher and took the Spider Out :)And the surrounding buildings >:)If you have even an ounce of joy in your soul you need to play this now.'Nuff said"
76561197970479670,Recommended,410320,28996668,Posted: 3 January,all,Geldon,"A wholly unexpected gem, I can see why Earth Defense Force is considered a cult classic.  Though some compare it to Dynasty Warriors, the only real resemblance there is that you are up against a large number of enemies and it is a Japanese-made console port.   I would say this game is something quite unique - what other games are third person shooters involving blowing away giant ants being dropped by UFOs?Far and away the most unique feature of this game is the satirical flavor.  It is a game where everything is onlypretendingto be serious.  And I mean everything.  The dialogue is a neverending calvalcade of perfectly delivered grade-A B-movie shtick.  At first, you might think it is just bad engrish.  No, it'sdeliberatelyrunning the fine line between just serious enough to pretend they mean it and then obviously not as the show goes on.  The design of the four classes make sense until you realize it does not.  Giant insects and floaty UFOs seem like a great threat until you realize there's no way they could be.  The soldiers cansing and dance...sing and dance!  It's all one big work of satire.However, just because the setting is a joke does not mean the gameplay is worthless.  Actually, the gameplay is more along the lines of Serious Sam in a way: the hordes of enemies exist for you to have fun just blowing them away.  Blow them away you shall.  At times, the sheer amount of things being blown away generates feelings of awe.  The game has bullet hell moments, such as when trying to bring down a mothership or being pursued by dozens of giant hornets firing steel stingers at you.  Something about the way they utilized this engine is just too rarely done: don't overthink it, stop worrying that the polygon count looks over a decade old, it's just plain fun!There's over 90 fixed scenarios to play, and a lot of replay value because you could try to beat them all with all four classes (a grunt, a vehicle user, a flying suit user, and a heavy suit user) at four different difficulty levels (as easy difficulty does not grant an achievement) and end up with hundreds of hours of play.  Each class has different sets of equipment, and doing missions at higher difficulty unlocks chances to unlock those pieces when collecting weapon crates, so there's more incentive to replay than just achievements.The PC port of the interface seems to work rather well, both on mouse/keyboard and on gamepad.  It includes two multiplayer modes.  Local split-screen for up to two players and online on the Internet for up to four players, but the two multiplayer modes cannot be activated simultaneousy.  Though standard resolutions are supported, ultrawide is not natively supported, but a hex hack exists to get it to play well at that aspect ratio with minimal artifacts, and the UI scales well to it.The main downside is that there are some incompatibilities with AMD systems.  I had to turn my NVIDIA settings to ""performance"" mode to stop it from causing major hitching on my AMD FX-8120 processor, but my Intel-based laptop did not have that problem.  The AMD Phenom reputably suffered the most incompatibilities at release, I do not know if later patches have fixed that.Overall, EDF 4.1 just plain fun.  Not the deepest game, but the breadth of content, over-the-top explosions, and constant tongue-in-cheekery more than make up for it."
,Recommended,410320,29142876,Posted: 9 January,all,Tsukasa,"Oh for ♥♥♥♥ sakes.Do you really need a reason to grab this game?Giant ♥♥♥♥ing insects.Giant ♥♥♥♥ing mechs.Classic You Versus an Army-style gameplay, complete with unique humor only present in the EDF series.Get it, and play it.EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,29261408,Posted: 14 January,all,glebm,Best co-op bug shooting game. Ever. Local co-op works like a charm.
76561197995274029,Recommended,410320,29291011,Posted: 15 January,all,dabueisu,"One thing that all Earth Defense Force games have had in common (including the first one with the grey and pink marines) is the ability to completely lay waste to the environment and the large variety of destructive weapons and vehicles available to do so. Additionally, with this game I really enjoy the online community and how easy it is to join another game or host games with your fiends or the general communty. I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,410320,29352062,Posted: 19 January,all,HailHydra,"Yes, it's worth the price."
76561197969297942,Recommended,410320,28821288,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,merk,"At first it was a guilty pleasure, and then it reminded me how fun games can be.There's a lot that's been said in other reviews, and I just wanted to tell you about what I just did. I just strolled up with my Wing Diver and plugged a giant alien tripod in the face with a Plasma Ram. I wish you could have seen the explosion. But that's just what I do now. Sometimes I'll bury myself in giant dead insects, and that's a lotta fun, too, but what I really like to do is plasma ram giant alien tripods in their faces.Nothing hyperbolic can be said about this game. It's just that good."
,Recommended,410320,28854963,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,majisto,"This game has finally made it to PC onto hardware that can properly run it, and the results are spectacular.  Words cannot describe the smile upon my face when I shoot a rocket into a middle of a group of spiders and watch their corpses ragdoll across the map.  Goat simulator bows to the physics of this game.  If you're on the fence(r), watch some videos of people playing it, and there will not be a frown in sight.  The game is sheer lunacy."
,Recommended,410320,28985441,Posted: 3 January,all,chunchunmaru,Simply the best coop game out there!
,Recommended,410320,29197609,Posted: 11 January,all,guy,A video game that perfectly emulates 80's b-movies. One of my favourite series of all time.
,Recommended,410320,29865756,Posted: 11 February,all,Cop Unit 12,This game is really great. While the english translation is not 100% correct its understandable. Explosions cause very little to no lag on a 2014 gaming pc and there are a lot of explosions. Guns are a bit cartoony feel but it works very well for this game about killing things 5X or bigger than you.Side note. This is probly one of the few games that get lasers weapons right.
76561197993445948,Recommended,410320,24485546,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,EchoTheBM,The best EDF GAME ON PC.2PLAYER COOOL insect destruction!!!
,Recommended,410320,24486089,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Valore,"This is basically the life of the average Warhammer 40K Imperial Guardsman.Destructible terrain, lots of horrible giant insects, and massive weapons.You can pilot what is pretty much a Baneblade. And a Titan.There really isn't a reason not to play this game if you like those things."
76561197977567326,Recommended,410320,25029421,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sasquatch,"All the other EDF games have been great fun, and this just turns everything up to 11.Screens full of bugs, robots, Wing Divers, 100-foot-tall monsters and robots - it's just stunning.  It's the Starship Troopers game that should have been.Awesome adrenalin action, with a lovely balance on the difficulty curve.  Mission too tough?  Go farm an earlier level for a bit more armour.Pure essence of videogame - no pretence at reality.  Sole plot - kill aliens.Really - what more do you need?Practically perfect in every way."
,Recommended,410320,24985594,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mazgazine1,"Wow, this game needed to be on PC from the start.Just grabbed and this its a really damn good port. No real visual options but it doesn't need it.If you'd like to destroy entire cities, explode giant insects and robots, and eventually fight planet sized bosses.. This is the game.Aslo 60fps on GTX 670 i7 920, not new in any way but runs in ultra smooth, havn't tried split screen yet but I'm going imagine that runs really well too.You may wonder why I only have an hour into this review, well thats because I've played MANY MANY console versions (not the ps4 or vita though) and they all had one terrible problem - the framrate would draag down, and it was the only problem.Now thats fixed and its perfect, except the player 1 and player 2 resources aren't shared which sucks.expect to grind a bit for the nicer weapons, buts blow up giant spiders and ants is very enjoyable to get them.PLease BUY THIS over insect armegeddon , this is the game EDF insect armgeddon was trying to emulate, and IMHO completely failed."
,Recommended,410320,25486156,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Catyclept 🎃,I'm usually very against killing spiders because they're lovable fuzzies that need to be cherished and protected for eternity. No matter how big or murderous.But this is a really really good game. Can feel grindy at parts/tedious. But overall great fun. Especially with friendo's who can help you shoot the things and ride bikes at very high speeds while you try your hardest to aim a red line of♥♥♥♥♥♥at some hectors.
,Recommended,410320,25999623,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mahou Shoujo Cruiser-chan?!,"This is one of the greatest games I have ever played, so much replay value especially with friends. This game is worth it if you have the cash.Pro's-Chaotic gameplay, fight dozens of ants, spiders, robots, drones and godzilla.-Dozens of voice lines, sing in battle and your squad does the same.-Large variety of weapons, I was close to the end of the game when I recieved the achievment ""Collect 10% off the weapons in game""-Lots of levels, 98 levels without dlc.-Can get into a fist fight with godzilla.-Four classes available, all with their own unique playstyles.-Shoot your friends in the back with a tank.-Get into a fist fight with 10 godzilla's.-Call in anime styled tanks and anime girl decoys.Con's-Can't disable voice chat.-No pantsu.11/10 would play again."
,Recommended,410320,25973420,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,McFoul,"80 hours in, 5% completed.Pros.- Blow up huge bugs.- Blow up buildings and level entire cities doing far more damage to earth than a few big spiders ever could with no repercussions whatsoever.- SImple, addictive gameplay with ginormous depth, oldschool Japanese style.- Multiplayer works flawlessly with anyone around the world without any port forwarding, lag, long wait times or any bs (besides hackers who can ruin your saves. Back them up).Cons- Hackers online means backing up your save manually every time you play online.- The difficulty is real. Forget dark souls, there are no rolling iframes in EDF (that I can tell anyway). The difficulty can be offset by grinding, which is also very real here. Not really a con but its there.Great game, would definitely buy EDF5 if it came to PC."
,Recommended,410320,26013356,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Lambla,"Great gameplay, classes, characters, dialouge, everything! And not taxing on computers like most modern 3-D games! I highly recommend picking this up and giving it a chance!"
76561198011002116,Recommended,410320,26038958,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Thorn,Just pure unadulterated fun.  I highly recomend.
,Recommended,410320,26041687,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Lord Breadington,"EDF 4.1, or as i like to call it ""The Better Armageddon"", is everything everyone has wanted in a sequel EDF. more weapons. more classes. more style. more destruction! the menu screens, sound effects, and gameplay are all similar to the first EDF, save for the class system. the missions too, are similar, almost a bit too much so, but for someone who hasnt played the first this wont be an issue. the new enemies that are present add even more strategy and depth, and although subtle, soft upgrades in graphics make the game crisper, clearer. Multiplayer functions are easy to use, and enforce a firm but fair balance system. this EDF picks up where Armageddon fell flat. if your scared to grab this game, dont be. its well worth the cost."
,Recommended,410320,26064254,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,LostHope,"This game is pure, old fashioned, video game fun."
76561198049359292,Recommended,410320,25896340,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Capain Robert,Amazing.  Fills all my giant robot fighting Godzilla needs.
,Recommended,410320,26262197,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jinhong91,"The objective of this game is simple, kill all GIANT INSECTS.The gameplay is simple and fun. Choose a gun, point it at the giant ant, shoot and watch it explode! Or being ragdolled from the explosion because you blew it up too close to you. There are 4 classes and within each class, there is a variety of playstyles.Enemies attack you in large numbers, typically around 100+ or so, literally. You might want a decent rig so the game doesn't lag when the game is moderately intense.Overall, I recommend this game. People with arachnophobia may have varying mileage."
76561198098255564,Recommended,410320,26266301,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Fabshin,This game is just pure fun. It is over-the-top like no other game.Play it or I stab (>`_´)>o=|:::::::::>
,Recommended,410320,26276483,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,nikinu,One of my favorite games this decade. A game I always find myself coming back too. Loved it on ps4 and I love it here even more!
,Recommended,410320,26069628,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shifty,Glorious. Utterly glorious.
76561198065132972,Recommended,410320,26597042,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ser Lagsalot,"A game this stupid has no right to be this fun, but by Wotan it is.You fight giant insects and arachnids, and giant alien robots with an absurd array of often equally absurd weaponry through 4 specialised classes, such weapons include the likes of rapid fire manportable rocket launchers and guns that fire bullets which move slower than you do and bounce, to giant mechs that fight entirely by punching, to rocket em sock em robot gloves, and guns that fire massive amounts of lasers at once in multiple directions.If you want a dumb game to wind down on this is a nice one to just shut off your mind with."
,Recommended,410320,26825796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Satori Komeiji,Essentially the computer game equivalent to squashing ants with your toy robot because you had no friends in kindergarten.Great fun would recomend to friends if I had any.
,Recommended,410320,27118585,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FusIntel,"""One of the best console ports i've ever seen""10/10-Me"
76561198051366977,Recommended,410320,27619120,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KnightSirWolf,Great game.
76561198010024877,Recommended,410320,27590653,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PeartOfNeils,"Where to start... This game is completely crazy, in a good way of course.  Find a group of friend to play with and just spend hours demolishing giant aliens AND the cities you are trying to defend.  The console controls for the menus can be clunky, but everything else is solid a brick. 5/7 would rate again."
76561197987494809,Recommended,410320,24460856,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,\ [T] / Caboose,"Jousted against giant spider in armored vehicle.Hear help me quick chat, run my tank over a cliff and fall in a swarm of giant ant.Blow half of them mid air, finish the work.Mess up like a pro.Call airstrike on us, revive dude, we all die.10/10 will explode everything again"
,Recommended,410320,24462083,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Hub3rtu2,"It's a ""Starship Troopers visit Australia"" episode."
76561197980101213,Recommended,410320,24463769,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Double D,"If you have a huge dislike of Spiders and other creepy crawlies causing you to freak you out, do not play this game.On the other hand...If you have a huge dislike of Spiders and other creepy crawlies and want to get revenge, play this game."
,Recommended,410320,24408951,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,"Maybe it is the EDF that is the real bad guys? I am pretty sure I have destroyed ten fold more buildings, and exploded many more civilians than any giant ant or spider."
,Recommended,410320,24403813,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Butts McBellies,"Easily one of my favorite games from recent years. I clocked over 200 hours on 360, about as much on PS4 earlier this year and will definitely spend some quality time with it now that it's on PC.So far PC port seems decent, but has some annoying issues:1. KB/M controls feel awkward, especially when navigating menus. No cursor support.2. You can't bind controls to LAlt and mouse thumb buttons.3. While the game supports 16:10 resolutions, it's just stretching 16:9 to full screen.4. In-game antialiasing is really weak.5. New texts present in PC version are very poorly translated by a japanese person."
76561198008139032,Recommended,410320,24539854,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dez1013,EDF. EDF never changes.GOTY 2006-2025
,Recommended,410320,24494656,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,IcEDF,EDF EDF EDF
,Recommended,410320,24492097,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,JangoJunkie,Do you enjoy killing thousands (millions?) of giant insects/robots/aliens/etc? Do you enjoy collecting massive amounts of weapons? Do you enjoy flattening an entire block to kill one giant insect? Do you enjoy singing songs and chanting EDF with your squadmates? Then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,410320,24718831,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Dawn_Raider,To save our mother earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!
76561198006289747,Recommended,410320,24911929,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,semp,TO SAVE THE MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACKS
,Recommended,410320,24541371,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nobaddy,"I've been trying to write a review for this game for quite some time now, but i simply cannot write one. All i can come up with is ""EDF! EDF!"""
,Recommended,410320,24451669,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Neno,My trip to Australia.
76561198108919110,Recommended,410320,24997650,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,"Ryu ""Respect Da Process""",Addicting Game...but they really outta change Earth Defense Force(EDF) to Earth Destroyer Force..
,Recommended,410320,25892128,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Gaikang,Let's me feel like a true-blooded Aryan fending off the terrorist hordes. 10/10
76561198040532093,Recommended,410320,32741298,Posted: 24 June,all,ymo1965,"Awesome game! If you love Godzilla, Gamera or other giant Japanese monster types then this will give you your fix. Would be great also in 3D (VR?) but either way I have no regrets buying this. The soldier's banter will have you in stitches. More cheese than a pizza!   Highly Recommended!  E.D.F"
,Recommended,410320,24434700,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,sleepy_worm,Great game.  Good port.
76561198067774704,Recommended,410320,25357284,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Iminursafespace,"Finally a good EDF on PC,loved it on 360 but performance issues dragged it down. It's worth every penny online works mint too *Would like to add my XB1 Elite controller works 100%"
76561198034114989,Recommended,410320,30670143,Posted: 22 March,all,SenseiJay_An Enemy STAND!,EDF! EDF! EDF!!!
76561198109081393,Recommended,410320,24463360,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Podstępna duża polska,titan fall x pacific rim x bug island = EDF
76561198063340943,Recommended,410320,27500017,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,my name doesn't matters,"Kill insects, get new weapons to kill more insects.Extremely fun game."
,Recommended,410320,25254227,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,CraftEngine,"Ain't got much to say, I just love the hell out of this games like this."
,Recommended,410320,26289314,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,"Janos Bartok, Esq.",To save the city you must destroy the city.
,Recommended,410320,24454974,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lostman,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attack,From vicious giant insects who have once again come back,We'll unleash all our forces! We won't cut them any slack!The EDF deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their JetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF deploys!"
76561198013533210,Recommended,410320,24454775,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Senders,"Firstly, I saw this game and went, ugh, another fail. I've been recycling $100 for months now because like stan in south park, everything is just one big verbal♥♥♥♥♥♥ However, my impulsive buy and refund method actually paid off this time. I went away from fps because i got sick of fighting ""terrorists"" on cod years ago, and at best only enjoy an fps with a twist, ie, rpg elements, I expected to refund this game, and for once I will not be.It is fun, fast paced, and most importatly, requires teamwork to what I would call a left for dead mentality. In all honestly, this is a bit of a diamond in the rough, and thank you so much for the few people who let me jump in at level -0 and participate in a number of maps on the hardest difficulty. I have no afilliation with the game, but I urge you to try it and worst case, refund and move on.A couple little bugs where spiders splooge their  webs through walls, but with the people i played with it was a only a laugh.I urge the devs to develope the game and not be like the early acces devs from 2 years ago, still taking money and laughing."
,Recommended,410320,32235135,Posted: 7 June,all,sleepygaymer,Just buy the game.
,Recommended,410320,24512188,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ancient Sumerian Dog Surgeon,"This game is for those who value gameplay and fun over cutscenes, QTEs, and shiny graphics laden with bloom.If you like B-Movies, if you like third person shooters, if you liked Phantasy Star Online, Diablo 2, or Dynasty Warriors 4 you will like this game.This game fixes a lot of the problems with the original and ends up being a really solid time, especially if you play with friends/online.EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!Probably the best game on Steam right now, but morons may have a problem figuring out how to use some of the weapons"
76561198066981585,Recommended,410320,30954188,Posted: 4 April,all,Shields Knows Best,It's a PC game with 2 player local split screen. Automatically the best game ever made for the PC.
76561198131783870,Recommended,410320,32110254,Posted: 1 June,all,Respawn,TO SAVE ARE MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACK!!!!!
,Recommended,410320,24511654,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sundorwave,"This game is amazing, I only played Insect Armageddon before this and that barely counts as an EDF title, it misses the jank fun charm the series is known for. However 4.1 here has it in spades. For example there is a homing rocket launcher that fires 30 at once causeing a tiny Itano Circus or a jumping spider mech with twin flame throwers.It's an extremely fun couch co-op game (they kept splitscreen for the pc version). It is completely hilarious and doesn't take much skill so really anyone can play.Your ability to play higher difficulties is based on your drops, the problem is the drops don't seem to have set levels so if there is a kind of weapon you need before you can move onto Hardest (not the hardest difficulty) or Inferno you may need to grind mission 26.My only other problem is that in online co-op there are level caps to weapons you can use by difficulty, it's to prevent people from being carried, but the only reason I want to go into a higher difficulty right now is to get a better weapon for a lower one."
76561198000077243,Recommended,410320,24568182,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Will o' Wisp,It's like Dynasty Warriors and Starship Troopers had a baby
,Recommended,410320,24660245,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Erikkustrife,One of the best games I have ever played. EDF is truly Worthy of hall of fame status.
76561197970695930,Recommended,410320,34097842,Posted: 8 August,all,Panzerfritz,"This game is basically someone in japan getting stock 3D models of insects, military gear and a license for the havoc physics engine. And some dope, presumeably. For some reason, this mixture works.Multiplayer is what this game is about. Community is really nice, somewhat chaotic.  However, this game really has the worst looking game lobby, ever.  No kidding. If the game would create an excel spreadsheet with clickable links everytime you click ""refresh"" it would be better. Hopefully, the developer looks at the code of TA spring or FA forever as inspiration for future games - unless the dope gets in the way, but there is always hope.Else, this game -obviously- has some issues, check the community guides here for some workarounds. Note that being not balanced is not considered an issue, of course.Also, if you want to have fun - don't watch youtube movies about this game. The mechanics can be learned playing an hour or so with your friends on normal/easy - and then you can discover by yourself."
,Recommended,410320,33645551,Posted: 18 July,all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Can't recommend at $50 but got it on sale and I'm pretty happy with it.Haven't checked out any of the DLC content yet.The Good:Purely co-op fun with massive battlesQuite a few weapons to unlock between 4 classes (though assests get reused)Can be very challengingRefreshing art style for someone that plays a lot of gloomy, realistic gamesFriendly fire is fair (on low difficulty)Pregenerated text responses are hilariousAI allies will respond to some of them and even sing the EDF Theme with you.The Bad:Lack of story including an actual resolutionConsole port menus (No cursor, drag mouse to scroll)Capped at 60 FPSStrange movement-balance between classesFalling into water is not handled well by any of four playable classesMore communication lines should have voice acting (Wing Divers especially)In some levels enemies just spawn out of thin airSoldiers saying vague things like ""You remember that one place? This reminds me of that.""Lacking in customization  and could benefit from more RPG elementsThe Ugly:Looting is boring. Armor grind is meticulous.No workshop or mods for such a simple game is ridiculousOpen mic only; Most games have chat turned off entirely which is the only other option and includes text as well as voice.Poor game browser and PUG finding."
,Recommended,410320,25085394,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Bender,EDF!EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24412514,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Doomfiss,"Barring any technical difficulties which I may experience with this port (but have yet to, maybe just force some vsync in your video driver's control panel) I wholeheartedly recommend this game due to my time spent with its previous iterationEarth Defense Force 2025on the PS3.This game is basically that one again but with much better performance and some slight extras includingA GIGANTIC WALKING FORTRESS MECHAandHUGE GODZILLA DINOSAUR MONSTERS. (Plus theWORLD BUILDINGandLOREis much richer this time thanks to some additional tanks and background npcs in early levels).You should buy this game if you want to defend the freedoms that many Earth-dwellers take for granted...and not just because you can play as a bikini-clad anime valkyrie wielding a laser-chainsaw...youcando that though."
,Recommended,410320,24403142,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Sham,"I'm surprised, this is actually a super good port of a decent game. Sure, it's about a year old, but for all the content you get, you can easily get hundreds of hours of MURDERING INSECTS.The video options are lackluster, but even then, it should run on most computers easily.Also, EDF!!! EDF!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24414708,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Nefiji,"EDF! EDF! EDF!This has to be the best EDF version you can get right now.- It's the improved version of Earth Defense Force 2025 (PS3, XBox 360) released on PS4: Earth Defense Force 4.1 - Shadow of new Despair- Steadiest FPS in contrast to all other console versions (your hardware is the limitation of course)- Still includes couch coop. Just plug in one XBox 360 controller, choose 2 player splitscreen and may the madness start- Finding dedicated online play partners is really easy on Steam- The game itself is an over the top quality-trashy shooter with a lots variety in weapons/enemy types/environments, replayibility due to the equipment drop progression, where you fight giants insects/roboters/godzilla and just have a good time while it still manages to be challenging and have a tactical component to it on higher difficultiesFew downsides:- Game currently doesn't work with AMD Phenom CPU's (Launch Problem)- Bad Anti-Aliasing. Though there are rarely white jaggies and the game looks really good with its stable FPS, HD textures and new lighting system. The game still has too sharp edges and therefore doesn't really look next-gen. We'll see if they implent improved AA methods in the futureIt's not for everyone, but if it's your type of game then you'll definitely love it. So..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpL1EzMTyDIEDF-EDF....EDF-EDF-EDF......EDF-EDF.....EDFEDF............EDF..........EDF....EDF.............EDFEDF-EDF....EDF...........EDF....EDF-EDF.....EDFEDF............EDF..........EDF....EDF....................EDF-EDF....EDF-EDF-EDF......EDF.............EDFEDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF !!!"
,Recommended,410320,24691849,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,orionAD6,"Its like living inside a B-Movie, its utterly wonderfulHammy dialogueBellowing NPC'sFlying girls with lasersI love it so muchBuy this game"
,Recommended,410320,28616949,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tribal Manager,"This helped me fight every kind of phobia I had, it even helped create some."
,Recommended,410320,28869906,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Maista,The pure essence of video games. Perfection.
,Recommended,410320,27540328,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Moosh,"Remember when games were fun and tapped into that innate joy of blowing away goofy looking enemies with your friends?EDF captures that, it's like you star as your own personal badass in an apocalyptic B-Movie.The game is deceptivly simple, you start with barely any weapons and bugger all health between 1 of the 4 classes.By the end? You're sitting on a throne of weapons that each behave differently, allowing you to murder as many ants/spiders/Not-Godzillas as possible.It's worth your time and certainly worth a buy."
,Recommended,410320,27642016,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Colonel_Hogan,"Insects. Spiders. Godzilla. GODZILLA.And you just kill it all with all kinds of flashy, huge explosion weapons, Tanks EVEN HUGE MECHS.Whats there to dislike? Except for maybe the very high difficulty on hard and up if you play with morons."
76561198061061566,Recommended,410320,30900344,Posted: 2 April,all,Sgt.ModyaroExtragibs[FRZ],Imperial Guards simulator.
,Recommended,410320,34540563,Posted: 27 August,all,shinracorps,I let my roomate die so i could fly around grabbing weapons.10/10 would sacrifice my roomate again for easy inferno weapon farming.
,Recommended,410320,25527561,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zaceron,"It is a game, the most video videogame ever. It has everything. Hordes of enemies, a flimsy plot. Huge♥♥♥♥♥explosions, even bigger enemies and absurde weapons.It does nto reinvent the whee, it just made it awesome. It also has 4 player coop and they have finally fixed the framerate issue. vehilce physics are still a bit wonky.http://gamers-haven.org/earth-defense-force-shadow-of-new-despair/"
,Recommended,410320,25488493,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,If you want to kill a lot of GIANT INSECTS and othe things...this game is for you.I'd recommend playing with other people where this game really shines! but you can play single player if you want.
76561197996549976,Recommended,410320,24453319,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,EXMaster,"Earth Defense Force is a very polarizing series. When people encounter it you usually get two types of reactions:1. Bafflement that this game could be considered good, followed by rants about how bad the graphics, story, production values, and stuff of that ilk is. Optional rants about how boring it is.2. People who profess their undying love for it.Having put several hundred hours in the series over the years, I am firmly in category two. It's a gamers game for sure. If your are looking for a game with involved technical mechanics and high production values, look elsewhere. One obvious glance at the game will tell you that the devs didn't put much effort into AAA production values, but the beauty of it is that they just don't care. What this game prioritizes and excels in is being fun. You have one goal for each stage, kill all the enemies, and you have free reign over how you need to do it. No checkpoints. No objectives. This often means unrelenting chaos and destruction as building debris and bug carcasses fly around all over you over loud explosions. Single player is good enough, but co-op'ing with friends, when you pull off a crazy plan to beat a hard stage you were struggling with on Inferno difficulty and everyone is ecstatic and laughing, that's some of the best co-op I've ever experienced in a video game. There's nothing else like it.If that sounds like the vibe you can get into. Instant purchase."
,Recommended,410320,24403329,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,dirked,"It is definitely a budget game with somewhat wonky interface controls, but solid in-game mouse controls.  To elaborate on the interface controls.  In menus, the mouse functions like a D-Pad, or you can use WASD like a D-Pad.  Online is hot-mic only unless you restrict chat.  There is no push to talk feature.  You can't invite players to online games easily through Steam's friends interface, instead you must use the chat menu, arrow keys, like on the console version.A bare bones, but good port overall if you can tolerate the poor interface.+Great co-op+Stupid fun+High replayability+DLC is not worth buying+EDF-60 FPS lock-Directly ported console interface-Poor integration with Steam-Terrible font kerning"
,Recommended,410320,25564153,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Destiny,"Meet the Air Raider! You don't have any general-purpose offensive weapons to shoot yourself free from the giant creature's jaws you happen to be trapped in; at least none that doesn't cause an explosion of some sort in close proximity to your face.The Air Raider is a support class:- Laser designate giant creatures for friendly missile launchers so they can launch explosives from one quarter of the map away.- Fire homing beacons at giant creatures so you can be a lazy bum and watch your friends vomit missiles at the enemy.- Guide all friendly laser designated missiles with your laser designator into your chosen laser designated target - wherever you point your designator is wherever the where the missile will go! Do loop-the-loops, fly the missile past the target and strike it in the back, etc.- Some giant ants attacking civilians? Laser designate four~six cruise missiles on their position - don't worry about the civilians.- Big bunch of giant ants crawling all over part of the city? Laser designate fifteen high-speed missiles in their general direction, blasting both the giant ants and that city block to pieces.- Huge swarm of giant ants charging at your position! Laser designate twenty missiles and send them sky-high!- An entire army of giant red ants entering the battlefield and eating up the EDF NPCs 500 meters from you. Laser designate THIRTY missiles onto the voracious red ants to save your fellow soldiers!- A giant Godzilla-esque monster appears and begins to run all over your NPC tanks and infantry formations. Before he unleashes his breath attack, laser designate an ICBM and drop it on the giant monster's head! Guranteed to kill everyone around your target, except that monster you were targeting.- A giant broodmother has made its nest in the skyscrapers! Fire a smoke marker for an airborne 150mm cannon round!- Giant spiders are jumping all around your friendly Walking Fortress Balam! Blast all the spiders away by throwing a smoke grenade on Balam's position to call in 105~120mm airborne howitzer rounds!- Hiding in a tunnel and need a way to stop them from getting in? Throw a smoke grenade at the entrance and wait as a hail of airborne autocannon rounds suppress that location.- Alien bipedal walkers approach! Throw a smoke grenade to mark their location for a massive artillery barrage and turn the battlefield orange for a few seconds.- Alien bipedal walkers made landfall at the beach! Throw a smoke grenade to mark the beachhead for carpet bombing!- Alien bipedal walkers coming down the street! Throw a smoke grenade to cluster carpet bomb the street from your position to the next district!- Large swarm of giant ants attacking friendly forces below the hill! Throw a smoke grenade for strafing runs without killing too many friendly forces!- An underground tunnel entrance has appeared and is disgorging giant insects! Laser designate the entrance for a precision orbital laser strike!- Giant insects hanging around a tunnel entrance! Laser designate that area for an AoE orbital laser strike!- The giant Godzilla-esque monster appears again! Laser designate him for multiple guided explosive orbital laser strikes! But giant insects appear from behind...turn around and laser designate them to re-direct the guided explosive orbital lasers!- Laser designate a company of alien bipedal walkers walking shoulder to shoulder in the distance and watch the horizon disappear.And this is just fire support, you know?- Call in howitzer-armed tanks, railgun tanks and superheavy tanks that launch you backwards when firing the main gun!- Airdrop guided missile artillery! Bikes with a sidecar machinegun! Armored ambulances! APCs!- Rain hell on the giant insects with an Apache-lookalike with twin MGs, or a ground-attack helo with auto-target autocannons, or fly a co-op helo with side-mounted gun turrets!- Climb on buildings like the giant insects and set tunnels aflame with the Depth Crawler! Take on multiple combat roles with the different variations of the BM03 Vegalta! Artillery, anti-air, insect exterminator, you name it!- WALKING FORTRESS BALAM."
76561198006395100,Recommended,410320,24492343,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Lavian,"Pretty much just some extremely dumb fun.There's really not much to be said beyond that.There's hordes of B movie monsters and machines, and you've got unlimited ammo supplies. Go wild."
,Recommended,410320,24497980,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Porter,"To save our mother earth from any alien attackfrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backwe'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!We are prepared for any alien threatThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends in jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,30655679,Posted: 21 March,all,Blackout,Blue Gender meets Starship Troopers
,Recommended,410320,32876895,Posted: 27 June,all,Sirakou,EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,32091275,Posted: 31 May,all,BakaOppai,3-4 The EDF deploys!
,Recommended,410320,32699949,Posted: 23 June,all,Whiteshade,Forget every game you have played.It's the best game ever made.
,Recommended,410320,32075254,Posted: 30 May,all,Evolten,it's okay
,Recommended,410320,29125159,Posted: 8 January,all,Cteklite,"If you buy this game, you're either in Camp A or Camp B.Camp A is filled with people who think too much about the game and can't enjoy it because there's not enough depth to the plot or story.Camp B is filled with people who don't think about it too much and just enjoy how stupid this game is.And boy, does this game get stupid.Every time you think it can't get any more stupid, it gets stupider."
76561198070183059,Recommended,410320,29661718,Posted: 2 February,all,TheWhaleWacker,The Rating isn't 100% positive yet
,Recommended,410320,25862263,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,DBCreeper,This... Game... Is... FREAKIN AWESOME!!!!! GIANT INSECTS ALIENS DRAGONS AND FREAKIN MECHS!!!!!! AND EXPLOSIONS AND DESTRUCTION!!!!!!!!! WWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
,Recommended,410320,28849707,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mark S.,"""Did you tell her you love her?""""No way!"""
76561198015079071,Recommended,410320,24412073,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,hokuto,EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24471478,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Hybrinoid,"Justtake it, just take all my money right now."
,Recommended,410320,24507245,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Battletoad,recommend
,Recommended,410320,24404028,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Xethreal,EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!
,Recommended,410320,24401394,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,"bon bieber, the creator",AMAZING PORT THANK YOU SANDLOT AND D3!
,Recommended,410320,30987757,Posted: 6 April,all,Matt matt matt matt matt matt,"Most of the people I've explained EDF to walk away laughing at me, not kidding. ""It's a game where you kill giant insects, robots and airships""You may think it sounds extremely repetitive when I explain it like that but this game actually manages to keep it extremely fun and entertaining throughout the entire 89 missions in singeplayer. I joke alot about this game, it's hard not to but I'm completely honest when I say that this is probably one of the most entertaining games I've ever played. I'm a hundred hours in and I still play it from time to time.I would say EDF 4.1 is perhaps one of the purest examples of videogame entertainment. There's no original story or fancy graphics like most of the AAA titles. In fact, it's the complete opposite. The story is like your typical B-Action Movie, the graphics are like playing an outdated PS2 game and the voice acting is absolutely terrible. And these are exactly the reasons why I love it and what gives the game it's charm. It's a japanese game so playing EDF is like listening to a terrible english dub from your typical anime, it's absolutely hilarious. And let's not forget about the EDF songs, that you can happily sing together with all of your troops on the battlefield.There's also a surprising amount of replayability. The 4 classes you can pick from all play diffirently and have a ridiclous amount of weapons you can unlock, you could play all the missions over and over again with these classes and it would never be the same. You can mow down waves of insects with ridiculous weapons and feel like a demi-god or get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to to on the Inferno difficulty (seriously, Dark Souls is a stroll through the park compared to Inferno.)What I like is that not every mission is just: shoot down enemies, wait for next wave, repeat. No. In fact, most missions actually require some careful choices about which weapons you pick and an actual strategy.Oh, and if you can convince a friend to buy it (despite it's high price, which is the only downside) like I did, play co-op! Playing the co-op missions with a friend was some of the most fun I've ever had, probably on the same level of enjoyment as Borderlands 2.I cannot recommend this game more, seriously. I know the price is quite a shocker but it's so worth it, or just get it during a sale!"
,Recommended,410320,24589790,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Yokogo,There is that one ant over there.Now it's gone along with the city.
,Recommended,410320,24612738,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Free 2 Buy,"Worth every penny.Pros:-Amazing  Co op-destructible environments-over the top action-independence day meets starship troopers-replayabilityCons:-ps port with 0 pc options-vehicles control like trash-half the missions too shortI strongly recommend this game to anyone who loved blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up on large scale maps with fairly good challenge and progression. Bought this game with friends thinking it would be a good time killer, turned into our go to game every time we get on."
,Recommended,410320,24673549,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,THE PILGRIM,TO SAVE OUR MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACK!FROM VICIOUS GIANT INSECTS WHO HAVE ONCE AGAIN COME BACK!WE'LL UNLEASH ALL OUR FORCES WE WON'T CUT THEM ANY SLACK!THE EDF DEPLOYS!
76561197963621541,Recommended,410320,24717079,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,xInFamousxK20,E D F !!!!
76561198111225573,Recommended,410320,30762999,Posted: 26 March,all,Nate893,10/10/10/10/10/10
,Recommended,410320,30783928,Posted: 27 March,all,Boyar Vlan,"TL;DR: get it. 10/10 absolutely no flaws except a few ""bugs"" ;)pros are major, cons are all very minorpros-many levels, including some multiplayer exclusive levels which i didnt know existed until i accidentally came across em-MANY guns-4 classes with EXTREMELY unique gameplay and weapons-fast paced gameplay that gets your heart pumping-an amazing game solo or with friends-good music-unique enemies and bosses-vehicles are a phenominal addition, especially the helicopters-nothing more satisfying that shooting a rocket into a large group of bugs and hearing the screaching and seeing all the blood flying into the sky-good graphics (id think)-large scale monsters. think ""lost planet""-very large maps-cheesy voice actingcons-cheesy voice acting, and a lot of it-few maps, but it more than made up for by their size. so freakin huge-graphics arent for everyone-slightly stiff animations-somewhat repetative gameplay, objective is always kill monsters, although that is completely fine-♥♥♥♥ spiders-there are lots of ""bugs""-but seriously there was only 1 bug of falling through the map on underground levels-AI falls through map sometimes, its funny but awkward-can get very frustrating on certain levels with certain classes, only ranger class can relatively easily solo the game-most late game weapons are stronger versions of different guns. starts running out of crazy variety laterabsolutely unbelievbly good game. if youre looking for the throwback game from your childhood, then this is exactly the game youre looking for. It is like the old one, but 50% better. all the same old gameplay, you get the good old ranger, good old goliath, good old ARs, buffalo shotguns, sticky bomb grenade launchers, air tortoise missile launcher, and yes, even the firecrackers. but you know whats best? when you beat the game and think its feeling repetative inferno mode, GOOD NEWS! redo it ALL over again except with the fencer class! or maybe the air raider or even the wing divers. different playstyles completely with 100% different gameplay and guns. its the same game COMPLETELY redefined. id absolutely recommend this game. the price is completely justified if its on sale imo, but i bought it full price. i got it for 3 of my friends full price as well. absolutely amazing coop as well. have a blast murdering and trolling your buddies. one of the best combos is fencer and air raider because half of fencer special weapons cant function without an air raider tracking system. its also fun calling in a tank the size of a hill to 3 shot a queen ant or king spider.10/10 would absolutely recommend this game to everyone. if you know the game and the original, get it ASAP, if youre sceptical, get it on sale. you wont regret it. i HATE these types of games and this is the ONLY expection in its genre. i am just so glad that they made a new EDF that stood true to what the original was."
,Recommended,410320,24457799,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,codyvidal,Probably the best EDF game you can get.Japenese game developers please keep smoking crack.
,Recommended,410320,29971398,Posted: 16 February,all,Fritos Trump2016-2024,Giant bugs + 80s B-movie plot = Fun
,Recommended,410320,24437180,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mommy,I fully Reccomend this game to anyone who likes fun if you don't go download somthing else
76561198046660646,Recommended,410320,25192045,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,NEONA,Ive never had so much fun with a video game.
,Recommended,410320,24435941,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mazzle Dazzle,"Holy crap this game is good.  Co op, different missions,  different weapons, different vehicles, different classes.  Every class plays completely differently. The wing diver probably has the most interesting with plasma cannons that work off of the flight power.  That being said, maining the air raider, I've noticed new vehicles, mechs, spider robots, forcefields and what not.  It's like every crazy stupid scifi original movie combined.  There is a reason this is hyped.  I run around in a mech leveling a city to kill giant ants and spiders.  Then I call in an air strike and blow up the next block.  The game is amazing, why this didn't get above an 80 on metacritic is beyond me."
,Recommended,410320,31213058,Posted: 17 April,all,HanLai,very great game to play. you can fly. you can be a giant robot. lots of insect and blast everywhere. must play game
,Recommended,410320,25028496,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ChadTheGoob,There's a dinner waiting. We're gonna come home winners.
,Recommended,410320,24892937,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Pandemocity,Lets you take down the big boys.
,Recommended,410320,24923892,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Laen,EDF!EDF! EDF!Whoa whoa whoaaaaaa!Oooooooooooh!
,Recommended,410320,32650910,Posted: 22 June,all,Employee of the Month,"Best TPS. Shoot those bugs and robots, blow up that city don't even worry about it just shoot em up."
76561198048611076,Recommended,410320,32759555,Posted: 25 June,all,karakura_king,7 hour non stop after buying and it's 3am??But the EDF knows no rest and MUST DEPLOY!!
76561198139704858,Recommended,410320,30745111,Posted: 26 March,all,IBLONERBI,To save our mother Earth from any alien attack...
,Recommended,410320,24409865,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Not A Weeb,Game is great mindless fun. Dashing around and blowing up giant insects as a fencer couldn't be more enjoyable.If you're having issues with game crashing try verify game cache and restarting steam. Also make sure there are no special characters in your steam name. Rip AMD cpus
,Recommended,410320,24410373,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Vaporous Shadow,A great game where you destroy insects for the glory of Super Earth. EDF!
76561197993295407,Recommended,410320,24470915,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,nomad,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,28885463,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,❄Frostile❄,"Nostalgic ReviewFirst thing I will say, ignore the stupid steam videos of this game in the style of news reports.I LOVED EDF 2017, I sunk hour after hour on the xbox ages ago. I didn't buy this game for a while because the steam videos looked like they had ruined it much like Armageddon (In my opionon). But I thought. Its on sale, lets give it a go.Is it faithful to the original? Yeap. I boot the game up and instantly notice the menu sound. It made me smile, that noise from so long ago. The bugs/robots? Yeap. The same enemies with some new inclusions and improvements. The missions? Yeap. I remember going through the ant caves in the old game and this game has that too with mission based changes and twists.So. If you are a fan of EDF 2017. Pick this up, 100% pick this up. This review isnt going over the mechanics or the game itself. Just to inform players of the old game that, this game if you enjoyed the original, will feel pretty much the same and then some.The weapon names and styles are also back, I found myself remebering weapon names and what they did but then again there is apparently 800+ weapons in this game which I do not doubt as 2017 had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of weapons aswell for a game back then.Performance: Great, running a GTX 750 Ti on a AMD A10 with 6gb of ram, 50+ fps constant on highest possible settings.The one bad thing so far. This game was made for Japan first, and others second. This is not a complaint as such, I know that this company has games not even released in other countries, but ♥♥♥♥ing hell is the voice acting utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and the wing team having blatant lack of clothing. Like ♥♥♥♥ Japan put your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥away for once crist."
,Recommended,410320,31670442,Posted: 10 May,all,jericho,shoot antalienand chromosome
76561198004567881,Recommended,410320,24459959,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Bulldozer Senpai,Japan's version of Serious Sam. Directed by Michael Bay.
76561197960323141,Recommended,410320,24444791,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kuroneko,EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24409852,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,PrettyMatureEjaculation,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,28871766,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GreenSuspenderMan,Blew up six skyscrapers with a hand grenade10/10
,Recommended,410320,28210653,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Wild Denbigh,You shoot big bugs with big guns until you get bigger guns to fight bigger RED bugs.10/10 would fight Godzilla again.
,Recommended,410320,24513644,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,syrito,EDF EDF EDF
,Recommended,410320,24432097,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RERLTuna,"The shooter genre can't get much better than this. Great time if you're looking for a coop game. Couple bugs litter the game right now but the devs will more than likely fix it up in the next few weeks. Would not-not buy this game, its a MUST HAVE."
,Recommended,410320,24468577,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,「pepsi boy」,australia simulator 2025
,Recommended,410320,24401783,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Gzar,EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198041205109,Recommended,410320,25185246,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ZombieJuice,EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198136781114,Recommended,410320,24607174,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Usopp,EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!!EDF!!!  EDF!!!  EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!  EDF!!! EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,30775514,Posted: 27 March,all,Love,Cured my Entomophobia
,Recommended,410320,24452227,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Git Gud Ngarud,"Turn a hundred-story skyscraper into rubble because you saw a spider crawling on it that one time. Also, you're saving the earth or something."
,Recommended,410320,24470223,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tigerhawk71,E-D-F! E-D-F!
76561198045605965,Recommended,410320,24512046,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CONSTRUCTOR X(Daisuke),"Me and a friend were blasting our way through a tunnel, while us and the soldiers we were with were sing the EDF theme the entire way as a wall of insect bodies piles up infront of us, one we continue to push forward the raw amount of rounds we are firing forward10/10"
,Recommended,410320,24512425,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Dennis Reynolds,"If you like open world games and being able to destroy anything, this is the game for you, EDF for life!!!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24512658,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Drowsy Ko,"This game is AMAZING, but buggy as hell."
,Recommended,410320,28722111,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Strongest Baka⑨,"Glorious Earth Defense SimulatorWould rate 11/10, would 4 player Co-op and get utterly annihilated again.Quick Points to Note:-It looks like trash because legitimately every EDF game has 100x more enemies than it really needs to.-If your FPS drops, it's because there's 500 giant [INSERT RANDOM INSERT/ALIEN ATTACK STEREOTYPE HERE] attacking an entire city.-Certain sequences have so many projectiles it turns into a Bullet Hell.-Has Local Co-op + Online Co-op. Amazingly good in-game quick communications.-You can sing the theme song with your AI teammates."
,Recommended,410320,24403177,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,NeoSpex,"If you're into AAA titles with loads of polish, deep gameplay and cinematic stories... then you probably don't want to play EDF 4.1. If you've ever been elitist about games needing to be art or you require cutting edge graphics and professionally acted voices then just don't bother, stay far away from this game.However...If you're into arcade action, humongous swarms of enemies and just blowing up everything then give it a go"
,Recommended,410320,32746995,Posted: 24 June,all,hhx!,You'll probably play this game until your brain rots.
,Recommended,410320,24511752,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,evan623,This game taught me two things1. not to fear spiders2. airstrikes are an acceptable response to all of lifes problems10/10 would level half a city in order to protect it again.
76561198029580252,Recommended,410320,24420253,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Truck Stop Santa Claus,"I""m doing my parthttps://youtu.be/-_7FaWnlhS4"
,Recommended,410320,33036483,Posted: 30 June,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"From what I've seen, it's not a bad game, but it's not that good either, I have paid 32 CAD and I feel like I have paid too much, for 20$ it would be worth it but since it is a 2015 game, 10$ would be the right price and just look at those DLCs.Well, it sure is overrated, there are better games.Here are some good points and some negative points.Good:It has a lot of content which you get during missions randomly, pretty cool idea.Fighting giant creatures.Neutral:Graphics and textures are okay, it's a console game so don't except much.Good optimization is rare these days, isn't? I've seen worse, that is why it is a neutral point, it's not that good but it could be worse.Really, but really bad user interface.Barely any options/settings.No pistols, that would be cool in my opinion, sure, there would be the weak pistols at start but the stronger ones later such as the Desert Eagle, Smith & Wesson .500, Thompson Center Contender G2, some new created handguns just for this game, etc.No melee weapons, I think it would have been a great idea to have one up to three (more is always cool) character(s) which can uses melee weapons and skills, kind of hack & slash against monsters.You get pass through almost everything, jump onto a tank, your feet and some of your legs goes right through it.You can't shoot civilians nor allies (except real humans).It needs more vehicles and mechs.It needs some kind of level editor, creating our own maps and missions,, so being able to create our own fights and all, that would be great.It needs customization for the characters, weapons and armors.It needs an in-game shop (no microtransactions stuff, just in-game currency) to buy the customization stuff and some unique weapons and outfits.All right, it is pretty cool that there are 400 ants at the same time, but do they really need to all be at the same location? They're all getting through each other and all, not so so realistic, well, of course, you can't except some realism in this game but if some points were, that would be way better.Just an idea that would be great but isn't so important, being able to play as the creatures against the EDF would be pretty neat.Also, being able to play as Spider-man would be a great thing- Just joking about that part, that would be pretty neat though.I'm leaving it a positive feedback because it is good, just not great nor revolutionary and there is no game like this, the closer you can get is the Lost Planet series.I'd wait for a heavily discount/until the game is 10$ or less.Ignore the other reviews, people are exaggerating, It seems that people doesn't need a lot these days to be impressed even though the overall low quality of the game.7/10"
,Recommended,410320,24612949,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Remon,"Soldier A: ""Why aren't you married yet?Soldier B: ""Because I'm not stupid and don't want to get hurt""10/10 soldier gossipnot the exact quote but is more or less similar."
,Recommended,410320,24611647,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jack84002™,The EDFs prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches shipsThe Air Force sends their jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!
76561198006534458,Recommended,410320,24614231,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Metal_Grunt,"This game is pure extra-refined, double distilled, super samurai kawaii Bonzai desu desu chan."
76561198203010748,Recommended,410320,25246399,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,symabee,Its what you'd get if you spliced Starship troopers with a classic Godzilla movie. enough said =-)
76561198205217699,Recommended,410320,30075420,Posted: 21 February,all,goat,A terrible game for people with cheap friends.
76561197961521535,Recommended,410320,24682388,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Captain Bumbus,Buy this game
,Recommended,410320,32081160,Posted: 31 May,all,Fenteale,YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHEEEEEDDDDDDFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
,Recommended,410320,24407729,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr. Videogamer,GOD BLESS THE EDF!
,Not Recommended,410320,33261694,Posted: 4 July,all,A Reaver,"This is one of the funnest games I've ever played and I love the series. So why not recommend it you say? Because it's terribly optimized and even if you have a system well over the recommended specs there is no guarantee that the game won't crash. Some levels you may have no issues with then others will crash a few seconds into the mission. While others it may be well into the mission before it crashes for no apperent reason.Overall there was only two levels (out of 89) which I couldn't beat because of crashes and had to play it on a lower end extra computer (which seemed to play it better but yay cloud saves). I am enjoying it but semi regular crashes are irritating.If you enjoy this series then it may be worth it for you if you're willing to risk not being able to refund it if the crashes happen after playing for 2 hours, which is likely, then go for it. Otherwise be cautious and know that you are taking a risk.Pros-Amazing and fun game and the best version of series.Cons-Poorly optimized and will likely crash often if you lose the dice roll of it not liking your computer♥♥♥♥♥♥for graphics options"
,Recommended,410320,28214981,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Gunner,The soldiers sing for you and sing along with you. You can also punch giant robots with a giant robot. Why wouldn't you want it?To save our mother earth from any alien attackhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRmES6IJk_o
76561198209624348,Recommended,410320,34961396,Posted: 14 September,all,Geomoxian,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forces, we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe navy launches ships, the air force send their jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroupThe enemy has multiplied and formed a massive groupWe better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF deploys!10/10"
,Recommended,410320,30045257,Posted: 19 February,all,Float,thie game ♥♥♥♥ing rules
76561198132356205,Recommended,410320,31349866,Posted: 24 April,all,Neek,Slide bikes for the win
76561198251769750,Recommended,410320,33617372,Posted: 17 July,all,lipshinuken,REKT SIMULATOR 2016
76561198081708835,Recommended,410320,24472343,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ghostxii,"its about time, but holy crap its gooooooood"
76561198068865456,Recommended,410320,24591332,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,CamCam,Blowing up everything you can think of while destroying it in the process. EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24405794,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Hellbent,"We are prepared for any alien threatThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends in jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,24415926,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Southpaw,"If you are browsing these reviews you are probably thinking to yourself...""Hmm a game where you slaughter giant robots, bugs, lizards, and spaceships with an endless surplus of various weaponry and vehicles with over the top, so-bad-its-good voice acting and story, and it has online multiplayer and local co-op play...what are people saying about this game?""Well brother, it seems you already know the answer to your question.Buy this beautiful game. Buy this beautiful game you beautiful little man child."
,Recommended,410320,24430953,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ShawtyMuzic,so bad it's good.
76561198062438262,Recommended,410320,26687504,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Gizzle,Is good
,Recommended,410320,25241355,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Draco,"Listen trooper. I don't care where the hell you're from, what you did there, or why you think you're good enough to be in the best god damned specialized military unit known to this great planet of ours. All I want to hear is your battlecry as you take on those damned insects that have descended upon us once again. Repeat after me:E D FE D FE D FE D FAlso, the port is pretty god damned good. M/KB support feels like a dream and is much better than what you get on the controller. Highly recommend this title if you are patriotic about your mother Earth and protecting her from those nasty buggers."
76561198066112043,Recommended,410320,25063713,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Seljak_vla,Plz more! Will buy again!Worth evry cent! 11/10Highly recommended splitscreen Co-op Fun!Bitte mehr! Würde wieder kaufen!Jeden Cent wert! 11/10Höchst empfehlenswerter splitscreen Co-op Spass!
,Recommended,410320,25913695,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,papaya,"Have you ever wondered ""'I wonder what it's like to be one of those foot soldiers you see in those massive sci-fi fight scenes between the humans and the giant alien bugs""? No? That's pretty much exactly what this game is.Don't expect anything polished, this is a B-Movie game and it wears that badge with pride. The animations are a little jerky, a lot is left unexplained, the dialogue is a strong cheddar, it's ridiculously over the top and grindy.But, the base of the game, the heart of it, is absolutely beautiful. There's no way to phrase the concept of ""take a rocket launcher and minigun to a swarm of giant insects"" and not have it sound AWESOME.♪~The EDF deploys!~♪"
,Recommended,410320,31378418,Posted: 26 April,all,Obnoxious_Gamer,"If you enjoy fun and still haven't bought this game, you're doing something wrong. This is the same EDF as everyone's always loved, minus the awful performance it got on consoles thanks to the literally thousands of large ant corpses and robot ragdolls  flying around. I cannot do this game's hilarity justice with words. Look up ""inferno raider"" on youtube, by a guy called Phontomen. That's pretty much what EDF is."
76561197992680349,Recommended,410320,34538293,Posted: 27 August,all,Quest Jefferson,"This is the most Video Game of all games.  The missions are insane and all the soldier classes are great to use.  The only thing I don't like is the armor grind, and I hope with all my heart auto-collection of some kind makes it into EDF5, which I also hope has a Steam release.  It's a fight we must win!"
,Recommended,410320,24401527,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Spoose,TO SAVE OUR MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACKFROM VICIOUS GIANT INSECTS WHO HAVE ONCE AGAIN COME BACKWE'LL UNLEASH ALL OUR FORCES WE WON'T CUT THEM ANY SLACKTHE EDF DEPLOYS!
76561197966558357,Recommended,410320,24423731,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,sinsro,"I am new to this game series, and it was a welcome refreshment. The style is super japanese, and reminds me of those old coin-op games. The sounds, the effects and gameplay is very arcade'ish. Can be a bit frustrating sometimes since skill alone is not enough on the hardest levels, and often you see death coming a mile away but there is nothing you can do about it if you are in the middle of a long reload sequence while you are walking away at the speed of a turtle while hordes of insects is flooding over you. This means you will need to grind a lot to collect enough armor and find the right gun for the job.The many weapons and multiple choices for characters allows you to deploy a lot of different strategies to win, and although it is first of all an action game, your wits at strategy is what will determine wether you will win or not.The graphics looks a bit old, but it makes up for it by a great physics engine allowing you to destroy almost anything, including huge buildings. The game gives you a grand feeling of scale and power, and the insects move around in a creepingly realistic way.If you have a high end computer with a high resolution screen, you wont be able to take advantage of its full power. The graphics will be scaled up from a lower resolution and stretched to fill the screen (seems the highest real resolution is 1080p?). Only text will render in the native resolution. However, it is not a big deal since the textures are pretty low resolution anyway, and the blocky graphics kind of gives it even more that retro coin-op feel. I would appreciate if they added support for a higher resolution and better 21:9 aspect ratio support though."
,Recommended,410320,24422302,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,梅毒ー様 RubberduckzillA,"Minimal Graphics options as expected and nto the greatest AA solution.However compared to the PS4 version which is actually higher priced on PSN normally and only slightly cheaper on AMAZON, this is a much better purchase. My PS4 Version dropped frames constantly it would go into very low double digits, this runs at 60fps solid, would be nice to have no FPS cap but it is a hell of a lot better than all of the console versions.The Game itself is goold Dumb Fun. Starship troopers / Ultimate B Movie the game. Tons to come back to, a lot of content and endless hours of good fun. One of the funnest games I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,410320,27590969,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Joe,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,27596444,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dinh,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,30868443,Posted: 31 March,all,RATTLE ME BONES,"""I'M OUT OF BULLETS!""""HELP! ARARARHWIHAHFAWHF!!""""A NEED A NEW MAGAZINE!""""EDF!""10/AustralianSizedInsects would scream again"
76561198093996678,Recommended,410320,30903342,Posted: 2 April,all,General PooT,Huge robotsaliensgiant insectsfreakin gunsamazing gameplayamazingly funco-ophow can you not like this game?
76561197974798460,Recommended,410320,24424580,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Misfit,EDF!!!! EDF!!!!! EDF!!!!!
,Recommended,410320,24642933,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,PiiiE,"if u played all the EDF games and the GDF game on PS2, then u know how much fun this game is, ..   this is the game for co-op, its the old mans ball sack.. its that fun.. so if u dont have a friend.. dig up one,.. or maybe two.. play this this game for over 500hts cos if u dont and u got all the achievements everyone will now ure a cheat :D"
,Recommended,410320,24412382,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Skid Row Trash,"This is one of my favorite game series of all time. This game is so funIt is an updated port of Earth Defence Force 2025, so if you have that game this is that but with a bit extra and nicer looking.Incredibly fun, amazing explosions and sound effects. Horrible voice acting - so horrible that it is amazing!Very long game if you play all difficulties and classes, lots of replayability and very fun multiplayer.EDF! EDF! EDF!https://youtu.be/zmvAGGdtNKU"
76561198049993463,Recommended,410320,24529813,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Procedurally Generated Birb,The game where you destroy the city in order to save the city
,Recommended,410320,24480103,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Spooky Skeleton,E D FDF
76561198085185252,Not Recommended,410320,32830052,Posted: 26 June,all,The Scary Cow,"This is a very niche game, and I'm glad it found its audience, but unfortunately this wasn't really for me. While technically impressive, the production values seem pretty low. Most of the levels are very samey (I played about 10 of them) and all but one where you went into a cave looked exactly the same. I don't like long winded tutorials, but this game had to introduction whatsoever so I also felt kind of lost. If you are willing to put in the hours i'm sure you'll love this game, but I couldn't find the motivation."
76561198069244288,Recommended,410320,30646117,Posted: 20 March,all,YoungVenus,TO SAVE OUR MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACK
,Recommended,410320,24489442,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,bdub the anime master,The best game ever made
,Recommended,410320,26714531,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Vyktar,E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F   E D F
76561198015889635,Recommended,410320,24572047,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Jerx,Choose loadout; rangers can equip two weapons.
76561198043436181,Recommended,410320,24482599,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,[ToC] EroKintama,EDF!!!!!!Just buy the game already.
,Recommended,410320,24403173,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jimmerson,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24402801,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Snakedance,"Is this a stand up fight, sir? Or another bug hunt?(It's a bug hunt.)"
,Recommended,410320,34660948,Posted: 1 September,all,Jill ◢◤,THE GREATEST LOCAL/ONLINE CO-OP OF ALL TIME!EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24490628,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Skelzor,This game is the game you see people playing in movies or on TV.It's super simple to learn and play and super fun.
,Recommended,410320,24432284,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,My name is not important,"Ok. Three complaints, in no particular order.- I'm baffled about the AI. Friendly AI will see a wll of ants pouring out of a hole and will charge at it until they can boop them with their nose, chatge in front of my heavy ordinance fire, and bet themselves killed in a spectacularly braindead fashion,  while the Hector AI will hide behind cover, pop in and out of protective screens and have near pinpoint accuracy at extreme range.- Enemy corpses stay for a long, LONG time. This wouldn't bother me so much, except that they're bullet sponges. If you're using a shotgun or gatling, you'll waste half your clip if there's a body in the way (does not apply to the flamer)- Where is my sprint button? I'm playing the heavy dude and his walking speed is ridiculously slow. I'm being forced to equip at least one machinegun-type weapon just so I can hop my way across the battlefield. (Not to mention how many freaking crates I have to leave behind to keep up with the AI, or at the end of the mission... GRRR!)Ok.I'm probably biased, since the first EDF I played was Insect Armaggedon, but the graphics on 4.1 seem a bit X-box-y (Is this a PS3 port by any chance?).The game is fun, but after boasting about 700+ weapons, the drop rate seems a bit thin.I do not understand what was the popint of adding the scantly-clad girls in jetpacks. It's a cool class, and the weaponry feels so much better than in IA, but I simply can't fit in my mind why the damn armor cleavage... (The fact that their electric ponytails disappear when you run out of power is kinda cool, tho.)So far I'm a few missions in. I can see from the multiplayer lobby that there's an insurmountable amount of missions after that, but that's all I could get from the multi lobby. Every time I join someone else's game, I get either a message that says ""game is full"" or my game closes.Can't figure out WTF is happening.Ok. Singleplayer? It's all right. If you're reading this review, you're probably a fan, so why are you wasting your time? You know you're gonna buy it.Multiplayer? Not a f*king clue.Until I can actually join someone's game, I'm giving this game a resounding ""meh, but ok"".There are better uses of your money."
,Recommended,410320,24402313,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,psycokitty.,EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,33120063,Posted: 2 July,all,fmsrttm,Great game
,Recommended,410320,24410805,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,RevenTL,"Great and fun game! No Exit Button, Achievements that require actually Achieving things, could use a bit more bugs. Just a tiny bit."
,Recommended,410320,24512068,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Destiny Da sharky,"this game, other then being just...well a retexture to me, is actually pretty interesting, im already getting a 2017 feel will one of the last missions though, the one where you fight three waves of enemies with little to no troops? yep that one, still beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, i would recomend this for nostalgic people, and people who love murdering bugs like myself"
,Recommended,410320,24403264,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ian Salvagio,"This game is the epitome of stupid fun. Buy it if you're capable of enjoyment.1-1 To save our mother Earth from any alien attack,1-2 From vicious giant insects who have once again come back,1-3 We'll unleash all our forces! We won't cut them any slack!1-4 The EDF deploys!2-1 Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threats2-2 The Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their Jets2-3 And nothing can withstand our fixed bayonets2-4 The EDF deploys!3-1 Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,3-2 The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,3-3 We'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soup3-4 The EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,24575656,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,"Parlez Vous Francais, Fuckboy?",It is an ugly planet. It is a bug planet.
76561197988974810,Recommended,410320,24402067,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,dirtylilfixer,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24468265,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,FieserMoep,EDF!
76561198069593346,Recommended,410320,29580117,Posted: 29 January,all,xXpwnguyrocksXx,fun!
,Recommended,410320,32700213,Posted: 23 June,all,RaptorDave,"A guy started singing, so I shot him with a rocket launcher. Hillarious!"
,Recommended,410320,24444037,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,the_nsx,E D F ! ! ! ! !DF!!!!!
,Recommended,410320,24405812,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dagrum,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attack,From vicious giant insects who have once again come back,We'll unleash all our forces! We won't cut them any slack!The EDF deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their JetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We'd better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,24418828,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,1337MechaHitler👌,Best split screen game ever
,Recommended,410320,30889547,Posted: 1 April,all,Kizuro Shirosaki,"This game is a literal ""Simply Amazing""."
,Recommended,410320,30869218,Posted: 31 March,all,Credence,this game is just too amazing
76561198009679489,Recommended,410320,24424042,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,[SHT] RedZeppo,Like a DREAM come true!!!!!!I love EDF on Ps Vita and now I can finally play it on BIG SCREEN!!!EDF EDF EDF EDF!!!Grafics? Forget about that! This game is what makes gaming worth the time!!!!!!!
,Recommended,410320,26003912,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,HUGE,"I took a look at this game, and thought ""Woah, that is a high price for something that looks so dated"". Sort of used to it with    $50 indie games popping up on steam almost weekly.HOWEVER, I'd say the purchase was well worth it. This game is a gem.This game has a metric dickload of weapons. Early on, you may unlock like 3+ weapons every level if you pick up all the weapon boxes that drop from enemies. They are pretty fun to mix and match, and there are level based variants so your favorite weapon types can often stay relevant into the endgame (barring some one-off weapons that don't have variants).There is a quick-chat wheel to easily communicate basic messages like ""Can you rescue me?"", ""OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH"", ""EAT THIS BULLET"", ""EDF EDF EDF"", ""GRRRRRRRAAHHHHHHHHHHHH"", and normal stuff like that. There are many, MANY preset messages to choose from, and a good amount of them are voiced. Some npcs nearby might even join in on the singing, screaming fun.There is also manual text chat that you can access by pressing ""t"", for people that want to talk like a normal person, but even then messages like ""Lets use guided missles and targeting lasers"" or ""help me"" still have value to put in your chat wheel for easy access.Oh, also voice chat is a thing in this game and can't be turned off unless the host explicitly chooses to or you mute your mic. Have fun hearing some random dude eating over the mic and making grunting noises that doesnt know you can hear him. You could always turn voice volume down in the menu if you hate it.Gameplay didn't seem like it would be too exciting at first, but it gets way better. You get dropped into the game only fighting giant silver ants, but then you progress to more interesting enemies... like recolored ants.Just kidding!You can fight web making giant spiders, hopping spiders, the previously mentioned ants and their variants, giant flying robot drones, giant mechs with varying weapons, EVEN BIGGER MECHS that make more small mechs, energy shield generator mechs, motherships, some godzilla like thing, dropships, and some other stuff. I didnt go that far in the game yet, so there is probably more.Wave after wave of giant insects covering buildings and marching straight for you, so you get to use all those pretty weapons you unlocked. But did I mention classes?------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------There are four classes:Ranger- Standard infantry unit that is extremely powerful in the right hands. Has access to a ridiculous variety of weapons, and has decent survivability and support potential. Rockets, shotguns, flamethrowers, assault rifles, snipers, grenades, Heal gun. When it comes to this class, you have something for every situation, but choose wisely! You can only carry two weapons as this class. Ranger is also the only class besides air raider that can drive vehicles (barring a special one that everyone can use).Wing Diver- Can fly with the aid of a plasma-powered jetpack, with energy based weapons that draw from the same power source! Your survival depends on being able to manage your energy correctly, and know when and where to land to recharge, lest you run out of power over a group of 300 ants and get mauled to death. This class has the lowest health and armor growth of any class, so positioning is necessary. Weapons start out looking extremely weak, but the wing diver is capable of ridiculous damage at later levels, and even her default weapon ""rapier"" can take out a dropship within seconds if you fly in close to the hatch and fire away. Can only carry two weapons.Fencer- RIP AND TEAR. THATS A BIG BUG, AND THAT MEANS IT HAS BIG BUG GUTS!Carry four weapons in your loadout separated into two groupings of two. One for each arm.You are a tank of tanks. You can use shields, extremely powerful melee weapons, rapid fire mechafists, dual chainguns, shoulder mounted giant missle launchers, rocket pods, giant tank cannon sniper rifles, etc.Despite being a bulky mass of metal armor, you can dash around the areas really quickly with use of your weapon abilities like back and side thrusters in combination with shield reflection animation cancelling.  Shield reflection isn't just for quick transport glitches either, but can actually reflect enemy projectiles back at them provided you time it right. This is an action class for those that want to feel like an unstoppable juggernaut.Air raider- This class excels at supporting your allies! Everybody wants one of them on their team! They can heal, increase defense of allies, increase damage potential of allies, use remote explosive guns, send out turrets, send out explosive robot beetles, call in vehicles ranging from a motorcycle with a sidecar to giant mechs. Nothing is impossible for this guy!You also have an important role as a  spotter with your laser targeting gun. You can mark enemies to make allies able to lock on to them faster with weapons that require lock ons. Laser targeting is also REQUIRED for some fencer weapons of mass destruction, so fencers that plan on using any of their ultra powerful missle weapons better have an air raider around, else they are useless.All in all, it is a great game that is tons of fun. Play with friends. Play with randoms online. Play solo. It is all pretty good.I recommend this game to everybody that can see past or laugh at the cheesy exterior, and appreciate this game for what it is. It is refreshing to see a game that is a game in every aspect of its being."
,Recommended,410320,24451186,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Piss-Cooled Machine gun,to save our mother earth from any alien attackfrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backwe'll unleash all our forces we wont cut them any slack.THE E-D-F DEPLOYS!
,Recommended,410320,24516953,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Zenpai™,Come on you Apes!You wanna live forever?!!
76561198057566481,Recommended,410320,29838135,Posted: 10 February,all,Croak90,Tons of bugs.11/10 would pun again.
,Recommended,410320,24490775,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mercy Main,good game.
76561198045108285,Recommended,410320,35263065,Posted: 28 September,all,Living for Lamias,Are we winning?
76561198005420486,Not Recommended,410320,35279480,Posted: 28 September,all,DarkShepherd,"Great game but you get to a point and realize what's acceptable? Is it ok that it takes forever to get armor? Is it ok that difficulty + max weapon level doesn't scale right? If you play normal difficulty you can't use most of the weapons, if you play hard or hardest you get all the most/weapons but the enemie skill you in one or two hits. This game is horribly balanced. It's sad because the early levels are really fun and balanced better but as you get up to level 24+ it gets nearly impossible to play online."
76561198148160070,Recommended,410320,24460307,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Eleventh Doctor,Most wonderful sound you will ever hear......EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!EDF!! EDF!! EDF!!God i can't get it out of my head!!!
,Recommended,410320,24872076,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Haly,This game treats me right
76561198143494186,Recommended,410320,24876066,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[S]kyHawk,EDF!!! EDF!!!＼( 'ω')／ウオオオオオオアアアアーーーーッッッ!!!!!
,Recommended,410320,24403873,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,I See Starz,"I am very simple gamer, I enjoy the option to have japanese voices and  *INVERTED CONTROLS* well the option to. MISC countless amount of craziness going on at once and a simple path for me to go like my destination and no FPS drops due to poor optimization along with great controls with a gampad and areasonable amount of time used to load a game up. This game has all that and a lot of weapons along with replay value. Multiplayer Local ran good and internet I only played with one and it was good but I hope the gamer didnt drop in mid mission. It is far worth the amount that is asked if your a fan and for those who like time killers and just a casual game but has the option to make it stupid hard if you feel froggy enough then buy it. I dont have any issues at all with this game and my specs are simple too I got a 8350 clocked at 4.5 Ghz and 8 Gigs or ram and a R9 290 and no 20 FPS like the ps3 version THANK YOU DEVS!!Oh and btw dont assume a weapon doesnt work some need co op to use like the first missle launcher you get as a Fencer you need a Air raider to laser mark your target. So take the time and read about the weapon before you assume it is broken."
,Recommended,410320,24429488,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ChaosReigner,Protect the Earth by rolling around and blowing up buildings. One of the best stupid fun games out there. Runs well on the PC but my machine does experiece slowdown when there are too many shadows; but it wouldn't be and EDF game if there wasn't slowdown.
76561198044806986,Recommended,410320,24472939,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mobee,"I never knew how much fun I could possible have in a game about shooting giant bugs. In fact, I don't think I've ever had more fun in a video game than this! Is that crazy..."
,Recommended,410320,24567455,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Cooking_up_memes,"This game is good, has some nice shoot and loot and fairly tight shooting mechanics. Fun in long sittings and short alike, a true videogame."
76561198140452760,Recommended,410320,30824482,Posted: 29 March,all,TranquilJoker,I only have one thing to sayWHO DOESNT WANT TO SAVE A CITY BY DESTROYING A CITY!?
,Recommended,410320,31108712,Posted: 12 April,all,jacob,next game has frogs so this one sucks
,Recommended,410320,24520961,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kilo,"Amazing90+ maps4 classes, tons of weapons/equipment/vehicles"
,Recommended,410320,24523250,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ange le Carré,"Really good - Lots of insects (Requires teamwork) if online -Pros:Lots of insects.You can cause mass destruction in cities for all you people wishing to become a serial killer.ConS:Spiders throwing their webs through the buildings and killing me on a building that can't be destroyed thus my♥♥♥♥♥is abandoned because it's on top of the building when nobody else can get there :PThe cheaters / Cheating with the armor/weapons or something? (I haven't encountered one of the armor/weapon cheaters yet)Ignore my previous comment on the airstrikes lel.-- -_ - -Anyway I had more cons/pros but I forgot what else lel.- Add me if you want to play this game :P  -  - - Also rip ""Random"" (On my FL) For not buying... - He's an insect and an enemy to the EDF UMG."
76561198091626890,Recommended,410320,24431941,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jung Sik,Starship Troopers ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on this.
,Recommended,410320,24793554,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Tacticalboy | TGC,Crush this ants! Crush that ants! Crush all of them!even with their queens!Wait..There are jumping spiders too!and it's Mothers!There are Huge annoying spider too!oh gosh..There are some UFO too!oh my god this game is so amazing!
,Recommended,410320,29101372,Posted: 7 January,all,Wolvester,┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
,Recommended,410320,25842353,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Imperios Fei,Has ALOT of bugs. Absolutely fun but crashes alot too.
76561198006790129,Recommended,410320,24402124,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dangling Cock,Amazing third person co-op oriented Shooter.Basically you shoot/blow up/mutilate massive alien insects and collect weapons/loot from them it's fun as hell especially with friends.  The game doesn't take itself seriously so you'll hear all kinds of comical nonsense and see some ridiculous scenes. If you've ever played one of the previous EDF game you know what to expect only this one has way more content like various classes and new types of weapons.  10/10 .
,Recommended,410320,28801119,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Adequate,"Do you like killing ants IRL?Do you patrol your property seeking ants to destroy during the summer/spring months?Do you light ants on fire with a lighter upon noticing them?Do you long for the day you can utilize a satellite orbital death ray to destroy ant mounds in your back yard?Do you have PTSD or epilepsy?Do you like the idea of using hundreds of awesome weapons in your fight against insects?No punchline here.Incredibly fun and addicting 3rd person shooter where you can choose between 4 classes and hundreds of types of unlockable weapons to use against various giant insects, space ships, giant robots, and more.Weapons are earned and health is increased by picking up various drops that you get from killing enemies. It's a bit grindy, but it's a lot of fun when playing with other people (I've never played SP) and the end result of getting awesome guns and making your class more efficient is rewarding. There are several difficulties to play on ranging from Easy to the hardest, Inferno. The community is mostly decent to newbies, with the exception of a few clowns but every game has those.I've had some of the most fun I've had gaming in a few years playing this game, therefor I Highly recommend it."
76561197967324471,Recommended,410320,24504888,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,H.U.N.K,Some of the best fun you can have without taking off your clothes.EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,27160478,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ai,Global Defence Force - GoodEarth Defence Force 2017 - GoodEarth Defence Force Incest Armageddon - Not goodEarth Defence Force 2025 - OkEarth Defence Force 4.1 - GoodI'm loving this series.they're going the right way.EDF EDF EDF EDF!!!!!
,Recommended,410320,24489014,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Present,EDF!!! EDF!!!
76561197998531235,Recommended,410320,25035476,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Amity,"The two words every girl wants to hear.""Laser chainsaw""."
76561198008695154,Recommended,410320,30738256,Posted: 25 March,all,Anne Franks Drumkit,♥♥♥♥ing sick mate
,Recommended,410320,30733592,Posted: 25 March,all,Skroo,The UI is terrible. The first boss you'll fight is the UI as you struggle to start a game. Why does the arrow key not move selections in the menus wait what WHY IS THE GAME STARTING?Doesn't matter. Beat the UI boss and this game is stupid fun.
76561197988304909,Recommended,410320,24493409,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,$un$et_157,looking for brainless action ?get this
,Recommended,410320,24412777,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Spicy Boi,Very good
,Recommended,410320,28926595,Posted: 1 January,all,Smacky_Malacky,Warning: Lots of bugs.Make sure you let your teamates know there are giant ants.Kill the big guy.
,Recommended,410320,25270570,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BAKA Ruiner,"So I booted this game, got the graphics to an acceptable level to let it run fast, then got to my first mission screen.I saw the classes.I chose Fencer.Fencer starts with a minigun and a pilebunker.I haven't looked back.This game will eat your time and your guts if you don't kill insects super well, but goddamn is it fun."
76561198070149685,Recommended,410320,28685894,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Takeda Kershaw,fun
76561198101623864,Recommended,410320,31761101,Posted: 14 May,all,Subatomic Seal,You can play as cute girls with jetpacks armed with lightning cannons
,Recommended,410320,24614203,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pokey McFork,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, go play it."
,Recommended,410320,25276398,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MagnificentTunaFish,Its an amulet! A gift from the gods!
,Recommended,410320,29391923,Posted: 20 January,all,FerociousTurkey,Couch co-op starship troopers. And godzilla.
,Recommended,410320,30688116,Posted: 23 March,all,Inxudianz,Hating insects since 1991.Approved for those with desires to kill insects
76561198056257200,Recommended,410320,30517570,Posted: 14 March,all,Enclave732,looks and sounds cheese. but its a lot of fun.
,Recommended,410320,24568824,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Robo Erectus,EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24570202,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TheMauveStorm,"Like Starship Troopers, but with more bugs."
,Recommended,410320,24879076,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SDF1,That scene from Dr. Strangelove where the guy's yeehawin' and riding an atomic bomb - the game.
76561197977368013,Recommended,410320,28007343,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[TSS] Terrible Heresy,"Two days ago my brother died, next day my lover fellToday most everyone was killed on that we must not dwellBut we will never leave the field, we'll never say farewellTHE EDF DEPLOYS!When your troops start singing in the middle of battle you can't help but feel inspired, even if most of the lyrics are pretty bleak by the end.10/10 Would join sign up irl"
76561198117983741,Recommended,410320,32982675,Posted: 29 June,all,jerry Nephew,"I Like to blow up lots of Insects,Peoples,Buildings and of course i like to killed my soldiers.LOL"
,Recommended,410320,28194641,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MikeHoncho,"This game is nuts, You just annihilate masses of enemies, anything from ants to giant robots. Very Arcadey and High Replayability."
76561198063894476,Recommended,410320,33397694,Posted: 9 July,all,MaD_Pancake,just ♥♥♥♥ing kill ever thing on the screen and you'll do alright 10/10 will play till the world gets invaded by bugs
76561198054094483,Recommended,410320,26027740,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Nikkolax,very simple and fun game
76561198046572178,Recommended,410320,24445986,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rias Gremory,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198012014333,Recommended,410320,31330912,Posted: 23 April,all,HERCULES,Great Game 100\100 muliti-player is even better
76561197980978550,Recommended,410320,26986250,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[TAW.net] AnarchY,"Many Bugs, much Explosions, such Wow!"
76561198009154047,Recommended,410320,25089325,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FalloutFox,"Hate gaint insects? Then the EDF is right for you. Join up with alpha squad, kill the invaders with bullets and send these aliens back home. To space."
76561198068413793,Recommended,410320,32327634,Posted: 10 June,all,「Bringo Brongo」,'s pruddy gud.
,Recommended,410320,24450378,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Strayed,Imperial Guard Simulator
,Recommended,410320,24478737,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,NutelaCrepe,"A Lot of guns, missions and loots. This game is crazy. It is Dynasty Warriors but with guns and aliens. The gameplay is fun even though the game has many problems. This game is meant to be played Co-op or online. You will still have fun playing solo but not as much. The story is simple. Aliens invasion.. so kill the aliens. There are four classes but I only enjoyed playing as ranger. Playing as a mech is a blast."
,Recommended,410320,24416479,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ari,"Super fun, super smooth, excellent gameplayWALKING FORTRESS BALOM"
,Recommended,410320,24522310,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,"The best Texas based exterminaton simulator anywhere, because everything is bigger in texas"
,Recommended,410320,24462999,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Brett,"What's to say really? It's EDF, either you'll love it to death, or you won't.As someone who played countless hours of this game on the Xbox 360 release, I'm  incredibly happy to see it come to PC. 60+ FPS with no drop makes a massive difference (Even though up until this point, framerate drop was a sign that it was a good EDF game).If you haven't played EDF, I urge you to try it, just know that you're in for a Sharknado/Starship Troopsers level b-movie experience."
,Recommended,410320,24674329,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Philly Wonken,More fun than that time I had a lot of fun. Like.... I had a lot of fun that one  time. And this game is 1.7623x more fun than that on a fun-per-minute ratio.
,Recommended,410320,24414323,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,takin hold of my destiny,essential
76561198162644407,Recommended,410320,24590765,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,KayFreakinC,"fun game to play, good for laughs and jokes"
,Recommended,410320,24454828,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ban,EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF!!!
76561198053912902,Recommended,410320,24788559,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Mouse,"other than the shaky multiplayer online connections, 10/10 would nostalgia of EDF 2025 again"
,Recommended,410320,24461066,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Draconic Creature,"This game has some minor mechanical oddities and a few admittedly quite amusing bugs but it is a fantastic game best played with other people so you can have someone to sing the EDF song with constantly or do dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥with.Also the voicechat system in this game, while lacking in a toggle, is surprisingly solid and manages to catch your voice without catching too much of the background.The dialogue and story is also just presented in such a wacky, cheesy way that it's so bad it's good, and believe me, that's very intentional as you might notice from the awesome trailers on the steam page that are just completely hillarious.10/10 would sign EDF's anthem again and again mid-mission."
,Recommended,410320,30865725,Posted: 31 March,all,Papa_Barstow,Japan Exterminator squad 2015
,Recommended,410320,24832529,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,MR.BONES,"This game is 20,000 times better in multiplayer than it is in single player. At first I could only get myself to play till about level 10, then I died and was like ""I need help to beat this""Then I played it with friends.... Stayed up until 4 am, was in tears laughing multiple times. The chat wheel is the cherry on top of this masterpiece of a game. We sang the entire EDF anthem across multiple missions with out soldiers singing every other verse.At first the weapons seem pretty straight forward. The ranger gets realistic military weapons, the more sifi classes get sifi weapons. But then we started getting things like giant energy swords and practically shoulder mounted nukes for the fencer, triple rocket launchers and laser guns that shoot 900 bullets once you pull the trigger once, hand held mini nukes and lightning crossbows for the wing diver and giant spiders and attack helecopters for the air raider.THEN we found a level we could beat on hard, pretty far into the game. Laser Chainsaws, 20m radius air strikes from 150mm cannons that recharge almost instantly if you kill something with it, acid squirtguns. Sadly I didnt find anything too whacky for the fencer, but it's already pretty out there when you dual weild massive artillery cannons.The game starts off pretty simple. Go here and kill some giant ants. The difficulty and level design get pretty advanced pretty quickly. There's actually alot of enemies that you have to play very differently against. The level design is actually amazing. How much could you possibly do with giant ants? quite alot actually. My favoite level so far was just quite literally 3 anthills under some forcefields.This game was my childhood a long time ago. Playing this game split screen on inferno trying to abuse all of the levels until we found a way to beat it was so fun. Now that I'm actually 'good' at video games (somewhat) I'd say I can actually beat them straight up. But I took one glimpse at harder and I was like ""How can you possibly beat this"". Looking forward to working my way up there though haha."
76561198037786766,Recommended,410320,24466188,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Fast Buggy Rider,Don't forget to defeat the giant insects.
76561198081194139,Recommended,410320,24466900,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,XxDarkus101Xx,Great game one of my favorite games ever. Would be even better if the game had mods but still very very exciting game. Hope a sequel comes out sometime soon on pc and other platforms.
,Recommended,410320,24466781,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kara,"It's a good day to die; when you know the reasons why.Citizens, we fight for what is right.A noble sacrifice. When duty calls, you pay the price.For the Federation - I mean, Earth Defense Force - I will give my life."
76561197997601579,Recommended,410320,24415403,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ocean (Chaz),Ive played since EDF 2017 this game stays true to the craziness of the series. Its not a triple A title but its damn fun.
76561198248658056,Recommended,410320,24466776,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,CycloneSam,"tHIS GAME IS AMASING AND IT IS IN TIP TOP SHAPE,GREAT GRAFHICS,DOESNT LAG ON MY COMPUTER AND WORK JUST FINE!!!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24491023,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,foolio1990,"This is seriously one of the best freaking games I have played in a long time.If you like to blow stuff up, kill GIANT enemies and collect loot, this game is for you!There is so much replay value to this game. There are four classes, 5 difficulty levels, and a few shy from 100 missions!It seems like killing bugs and robots over and over would get too repeditive after too long, but it doesn't at all!BUY THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198069485014,Recommended,410320,24491246,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Kagiri,"3 letters E! D! F!I played the Wing diver and this game reminded me so much of Zone of Enders.Massive Hordes of BugsHuge♥♥♥♥♥RobotsF**K*ng GodzillaLAZERSPlaying the Multiplayer Co-op is a must.Loots are plenty, after every mission everyone spends at least a good 2 to 3mins re gearing.Oh.. did i mention that YOU CAN CONTROL A FREAKING ROBOT!!!!"
,Recommended,410320,33064269,Posted: 30 June,all,Clive,"If there was anything in my library that I could describe as pure, distilled GAME, Earth Defense Force 4.1 would be it. There's no deep narrative, no unskippable, poorly animated cutscenes from wannabe Hollywood producers, no extended tutorial that assumes you're a 80-year old grandmother who's never played a game in their life, not even a hamfisted political message. Just you, the rest of the Earth Defense Force, any friends you bring along, and a giant arsenal of weapons and vehicles against the alien menace. The story is barebones and the NPC chatter is a hilarious B-movie homage, what more do you need? You launch the game, load your save file, pick your loadout, and are in a mission shooting bugs all within 30 seconds.Boy, are there missions. Over 100 (in multiplayer, a select few are skipped in singleplayer due to the way they were designed) missions to choose from, with even more available from the mission packs. Starting from the humble beginnings of mission 1 where you fight swarms of nothing but giant ants all the way to the depths of hell itself known as Mission Pack 2 where no amount of anime girls painted on the side of your tank will save you from a gruesome death, the game operates on a very steady difficulty curve. New enemies are introduced every few missions, just frequently enough to perpetually keep you on your toes. Thankfully, new weapons are also introduced at a similar pace, making sure that both your playstyle and the enemies to engage you always stay fresh. Unlocks are tied to the mission and difficulty level, so the further you progress the more cool toys you get to play with (and use to get that sweet, sweet revenge when you go back to an earlier mission that gave you trouble).Speaking of difficulty settings, there are several. Easy, Normal, Hard, Very Hard, and Inferno, to be exact. Difficulty setting is more than just ""challenge"", it also serves as a psuedo-new game plus. Increasing the difficulty setting not only increases the raw power of the enemies, it also makes them more intelligent, more aggressive, and grants them access to more dangerous attacks. However, it also increases the armor limit and weapon level limit, allowing you to bring more firepower to match. Said limits also line up nicely for cyclical playthroughs of the game, so finishing on Normal will leave you equipped to immediately transition into Hard mode, and so on. Since the difficulty setting also influences weapon drops, this means that you'll continue to aquire more and more powerful weapons as you make the transition to higher difficulties, giving the game quite a bit of replay value.As for the progression system, it's been the mainstay since the original Earth Defense Force on PS2, and is arguably one of the game's weaker points. Killing enemies can drop weapon boxes, armor boxes, and health boxes. Weapon boxes give you a random weapon of the appropriate strength for the mission for your current class, armor boxes permanently increase the maximum armor of your current class, and health boxes instantly heal a set percentage of your armor. This means you will spend quite a bit of time running around picking up the spoils of battle, and if that sounds annoying, it's because it can be. Some people enjoy it, some don't, it's really up to personal opinion. The weapons you recieve are also purely random, so you can spend many, many attempts at the same mission trying to get a weapon that just won't drop. This can either mean more replay value or more frustration, depending on your viewpoint.There are four classes to choose from, each with completely different playstyles and weaponry. Rangers are the standard footsoldier. You get conventional weaponry ranging from assault rifles to rocket launchers, and a nifty dodge roll to boot. Ranger's biggest strength is their versatility; they always have a tool for the job, and can comfortably handle any situation. Wing Divers are a high mobility class armed with energy weapons, from beam rifles to laser javelins, they're all about moving fast and high with their jetpacks. Energy management is a must, because your weapons draw from the same power supply as your weapons. Wing Divers, in the hands of a skilled player, can zip around the battlefield at lightning speed, obliterating everything in their path, but one false move can leave you with empty weapons and no power to fly away, leading to an embearassing death. Air Raiders are the masters of support, and bring vehicles into the fray. Your only real offense (if you even bring one) is a sticky grenade launcher, but you have the power to call in bombing runs from the air force or artillery, call in pilotable vehicles (anything from a motorcycle to a giant mech and everything inbetween), and even support your teammates with healing, buffs, and deployable cover. Airstrikes and vehicle call-ins ""reload"" by earning points (generated by any enemy dying) however, so careless usage of your tools can leave you helpless. Finally, Fencers are heavy power-armored soldiers that bring weapons to match, and have the unique gimmick of being able to equip four weapons at once, two for each hand. Gatling guns, naval cannons, rocket pods, pilebunkers, giant axes, you name it they've got it. Typically lacking in mobility, certain weapons (mainly melee) allow you to do a boost dash; learning to cancel this dash (with melee attacks, shield parries, or even certain launchers later on) and chain them together allows you to move at breakneck speeds, dashing around like an angry hornet and blasting actual hornets. These four classes are so radically different that you basically have four different games to play, and in multiplayer they can work together in many interesting ways, (an Air Raider giving laser guidance to a Fencer with a long range artillery cannon, for example) which allows for a large variety of team combinations.Whether you're looking for a simple game to blow off some steam in once in a while or something to really sink your teeth into and rack up a massive playtime, EDF 4.1 delivers. Tight, responsive controls (except for low-level Air Raider vehicles, they do get way better as you get stronger variants at least), the choice of KB/M or controller (unless you want to drive that damn minibike, holy hell) and very good optimization make a quality port. Only major quirks include a lack of mouse support for menus (instead you navigate with WASD, left click confirm, right click cancel) and a baffling design for the invite menu (you have to use the arrow keys to pull up the friend invite panel), as well with a very disappointing open mic (you can disable voice chat, but this also disables text chat, I recommend using an external VoIP program for communication). Overall, the port is extremely solid, which is something I don't get to say often. Special mention to the game's netcode which is the best I've ever seen. As a co-operative game, the devs made everything client-sided with a stellar focus on syncing to the host as much as possible. When a bug or two falls out of sync due to a ping spike or what have you, they quickly get back into position and due to the clientsided, well, everything, you'll never experience phantom damage or screwy hit detection. I frequently play with people on the other side of the planet and experience zero noticable lag whatsoever.If jumping into a giant mech and punching a kaiju in the face is your idea of a good time, then Earth Defense Force 4.1 is definitely worth a try. Don't forget to spam the fight songs, the NPC soldiers will sing along with you.1-4 THE EDF DEPLOYS!"
,Recommended,410320,24514748,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Your King,SAVE EARTH FROM GIANT INSECTS
76561198046825992,Recommended,410320,24822058,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Darth Invader,"Definitely a fun game, just not worth 50 USD (5,050 YEN). This game puts the difficulty setting (easy, normal, hard, really hard, and inferno) right in your face on every single level, which will change this game from a fun ""movie come to life"" experience to a merciless grind for decent guns. Example: You do mission #20 on easy, you get level 1 guns. So, it's pointless to do any missions below the hard setting. Plus, any weapons you find, they can't be used in the middle of a mission. Yup, you gotta wait to use any weapons you find until the next mission. Finally, if you die before you kill EVERY enemy, you don't get squat (no saving mid-mission).All of that is not the reason this game is not worth 50 bucks. I'll tell you why it's not worth the asking price: This game is sooo outdated. It's like the year 2002 all over again. I swear, if it were possible to download this game on a PS2, that console could run this game. People love the fact they can run this game on their crappy computers, as they should. --EDIT-- I can't explain the AMD issue. Hope the Devs fix it for y'all. But those of us with decent rigs won't benefit at all from the dumbed down graphics, the late 90's menu screens, and the 1st Gen UI. I guess ya gotta do what ya gotta do to get so much packed into 1 screen.Alright, I'm done hating on this game. I really do like it. There is actually a lot of strategy to go along with the mindless killin'. Four different characters to choose from, each unique in their own way, adds much variety to finishing a mission. This game is an awesome co-op game (if you have friends who can afford the game), or get yer buddy a controller and play split-screen and blow up the whole living room!!!This is undoubtedly a ""thumbs up"" game, they just got the price wrong. Try Dragon's Dogma for 20 bucks cheaper."
76561198054721187,Recommended,410320,24603713,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SystemofaDownSyndrome,"After an incredibly simple and stupid fix (shortening my steam name), the game DOES work now, but it will CTD EVERY time you try to create an online room if your steam name has any spaces or is remotely long. Downvote still stands because of the stupid ♥♥♥♥ing font system they use and the equally-as-♥♥♥♥ing-stupid 'can only join a mission if it's still in the lobby, not if it's in progress' ""multiplayer"" system they use.However after 20+ hours, I have to change the downvote to an upvote for ONE MAJOR reason:  its multiplayer loot system.-if you hate fighting your allies for the 'good loot drops' (cough Borderlands and any MMO ever cough), then you'll love this game's loot system.  See a loot drop but an ally picks it up before you get there?  No problem!  All 4 of you get it, with the exception of health boxes.  Hate running all over to get all the good boxes?  Split up!  It's amazing!"
76561198056186683,Recommended,410320,33359510,Posted: 7 July,all,GuyOnAChair,I like big bugs and I CANNOT lie. ANYONE. And I mean ANYONE except for an insect lover will be able to enjoy this. Local COOP and easy to add 21:9 support are all I need to say.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=971109255
,Not Recommended,410320,26474699,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Hammerheart,"While the game is great fun, I cannot recommend at 49$, it is too steep for the game here. Don't get me wrong, the game is great, but unless you have 2-3 friends to play with, it isn't worth the price."
76561198025581813,Recommended,410320,24786296,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,OMGATURTLEFTW,I like the part with the red dots on the mini-map.
,Recommended,410320,24421814,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,The best Star Troopers game since Helldivers.Would you like to know more?
,Recommended,410320,24401491,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,[G&G] Apokalyps,"EDF ! EDF ! EDF !All in all the port is good even if the menus feel weird with a mouse. The game itself is awesome if you like mindlessly shooting hundreds of enemies with tons of crazy weapons while yelling at your friends.11/10, would enlist again."
,Recommended,410320,32734980,Posted: 24 June,all,Spo0k,Best game I have ever played
,Recommended,410320,24401687,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Munchkingman,EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198306747869,Recommended,410320,24425992,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Doctor Pleb,EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,24787060,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bonsai,EDF EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,24403740,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,zxzc77 [Sparky],"If you have friends, the only thing I can think of that's bad about this game is that is has very few graphics options and you can't turn off the in-game mic. Otherwise it's bloody amazing."
76561198015531904,Recommended,410320,28527036,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,demon,EDF!   EDF!   EDF!
,Recommended,410320,33140736,Posted: 2 July,all,AGV,Fun
,Recommended,410320,24415223,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,It looks like spiders arent as scary when you have an automatic missile launcher.Also mechs
,Recommended,410320,28436804,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Khayon,A legendary hero will soon lead us to glory8 years ago he sunk the mothership and set us freeTomorrow we will follow this brave soul to victoryThe EDF deploys!
76561198016462272,Recommended,410320,24517197,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nuecom,I used a giant gundam to punch Godzilla's stupid head
76561198048098140,Recommended,410320,24413980,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Emperor Palpatine,"Been a huge fan of EDF since first played 2017 on xbox 360, so far the gameplay is good and missions seem solid, looks to be a stronger focus on edf 2017 and possibly 2025 but has kept the classes from insect armageddon which is great with some changes mind. Overall I would recommend this game as a great point and shoot the giant insect/wasp/dragon/robot/airship/gunship/spider/whateverthef*ckthatis/ufo and long legged thingy.One of the best games I have now it is so much fun to play with friends the weapons and vehicles are ridiculous!! The Devs have done a amazing job bringing this once classic back. 10/10"
,Recommended,410320,24419263,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Bomb,This is a videogame♥♥♥♥♥videogame.
,Recommended,410320,24425996,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Moneybags,"Playing by yourself: A fun, chaotic insect/alien/bipedal robot slaughter.Playing with friends: Danger close simulator the gameOh yeah, and the port is solid too, so there's that.10/10 would land whale mortar teammates again"
,Recommended,410320,31676307,Posted: 10 May,all,Jak Sharperten,"""BUUUGS...BUUUUUUUUUGS!!!!"" ""Not again!"" ""Right lads, lets lay waste to them! E.D.F!!!"" *Que several Friendly Fire incidents and singing troopers getting picked off* ""....Right..."" *Turns around the corner to see the other 400 or so more bugs* ""...E.D.F!!!!!!"""
,Recommended,410320,24418205,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,SodaBread,I didn't choose to serve with the EDF.I was already in it before I knew it.
,Recommended,410320,27898255,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KingNibs,This games really buggy
,Recommended,410320,24568266,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Giga Shiba,"TO SAVE OUR MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACKFROM VICIOUS GIANT INSECTS WHO HAVE ONCE AGAIN COME BACKWE'LL UNLEASH ALL OUR FORCES WE WONT CUT THEM ANY SLACKTHE    E    D   F   DEPLOYSAlright, now that's out of my system, a brief review.EDF is quintessentially the lovechild of Starship Troopers and War of the Worlds with a glorious amount of visually satisfying explosions and guns. Take your own army into battle against giant insects and ravagers that descend from space once again. Command your troops to sing on command as you cram a rocket launcher down a giant spider's stupid face. Roll constantly as a Ranger to Dark Souls your way to the enemy, whiz around as a Wing Diver like a magical girl out of an anime, bombard the aliens using artillery as an Air Raider, and be the dual minigun wielding badass Fencer that you want to be.All in all, this game is pretty neat to play on your own, but really shines when you play with friends. I give this an EDF out of 10. Make the Earth great again."
,Recommended,410320,27545390,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Game Warrior,itz cul
,Recommended,410320,28694937,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Atlantis,"Great gameplay with good progression of predicatble enemies and an unique weapon system, add in some cheesy comments from the AI and grouping up with friends makes this game extremely enjoyable + addictive. Playing solo on inferno is a challenge."
76561198047691873,Recommended,410320,24437789,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,WOGSTA100,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!10/10
,Recommended,410320,33436232,Posted: 10 July,all,CThicc,edf4.1/10
,Recommended,410320,24403467,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MotS,Great port.-4k-60 fps-Works great with KB/M
,Recommended,410320,24461305,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,[KUUD]Kuregi クレージ,"Earth defense Force Is incrediably fun and  very well made and semi UniqueI thought it was a tf2 copy But it wasnt i enjoy this game thorougly and probably one of the best Shooter game sinceCOD, Anime graphics, Exterminating bugs , including spiders and  flys etc ,And here are some of the hints for people who play this game as I Rate it 10/10i will buy a  few additional copys for some of my best freinds This is what i have been waiting for, for a while i havent watched the anime of it but this game is awesomeHere is the Hint: Collect green weapon boxesThe harder the difficulty The more rewarding  stuff you get varying from assault rifles To hudge tanks To motherships and massive mechasEveryone should get this game IT IS A MUST HAVE"
76561198036184267,Recommended,410320,24423310,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Axis Archetype,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24453813,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Funky Boy,"is this game good?no, thats the point.i have a laser crossbow, do you?buy it ;3"
,Recommended,410320,24418922,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Zanriel,"I'd love to play this co-op with some of my friends but I don't know if I'd be able to talk them into getting it, unfortunately. I have quirky tastes in games and this is a pretty quirky game. But I like it, I'm glad I got it, and I look forward to playing it some more. I have over 800 games in my library, so if I can make it past an hour on any of them, it's got to be pretty good.I have a 360 controller but I'm playing with a mouse and keyboard at the moment just to make sure it works okay and it does. I was able to remap the control scheme to my tastes and invert Y axis. It's a little weird if you reassign a button that's assigned to something else already, you kind of have to fiddle with it a bit, but it works.The graphics are nothing fancy; it won't push any midrange systems that have been built over the past 4 years. It's also a bit pricey, but it has a ton of content to be honest. Not just in how many missions there are, but the huge weapon variety, and the emotes. My gosh I haven't seen so many emotes and quick-chat phrases since City of Heroes. It's menus and submenus full of different things you can assign to your quick-chat wheel. For example, there are about 20 different ways to apologize to your teammates.I didn't like Insect Armageddon too much but this game is pretty solid. I love the tongue-in-cheek humor. It reminds me of Starship Troopers. This is the first new release on Steam I've been excited about in a while and I'm not disappointed. The game is just silly fun."
76561198050916983,Recommended,410320,24424546,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Uubrman X,"I was once a lonely stick figure,But after playing this game:I noticed hair growing in places where hair shouldn't be,Flashbacks of giant bugs invading around me,I noticed MUSCLES growing in places where muscles shouldn't be,And the urge to blow up everything around me...Now, I make Duke Nukem look like a pansy in comparison,To the point he was fired from the EDF."
76561198334709275,Recommended,410320,32315722,Posted: 10 June,all,Red Monk,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forcesWe won't cut them any slackThe E.D.F deploys!Seriously, if you're not singing this as you play online, you're not playing properly."
,Recommended,410320,24417208,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Unschooled Bus,"Having well over 100 hours in the PS4 version of this magnificent B-Movie game, I can 100% it's better than IA, which I've also played a heathly amount of.Do you like shooting hundreds of bugs?  Do you need just absolute catharsis?  This is the game for you...unless you secretly love Ants, Spiders, and Wasps....and then...it's still the game for you!To save our Mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe’ll unleash all our forcesWe won’t cut them any slackThe E.D.F. deploys!EDF!  EDF!  EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24854109,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Emilia,Extremely buggy game
,Recommended,410320,24409889,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,⎛⎝チロル⎠⎞,EDF! EDF! EDF!I can confirm EDF is meaning Earth Destroy Forcejust Destroy the whole city in the game10/10 would like to destroy the city again
,Recommended,410320,24401496,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Tamamo-no-Mae,The best worst game you will ever play!
76561198059894861,Recommended,410320,25849014,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ShallowKestrel6,Why did you get married? For Justice!
,Recommended,410320,24403130,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,jackmomma,NYES
,Recommended,410320,32978431,Posted: 29 June,all,gloopy,EARTH DEFENSE FORCE 4.1 The Shadow of New Despair
,Recommended,410320,24429122,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,brokenbutter,Run smooth on my potato laptop with spec gtx950m v2 ddr3 2gb vram and i7 4th gen plus 8gb ram.EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !EDF !
,Recommended,410320,24483026,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The Asparagus,I'm getting a PS4 for this-oh it's on Steam now? Oh okay then. Um... nevermind.
76561198016880505,Recommended,410320,24482895,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Asimore,EDF EDF
,Recommended,410320,24403309,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,xxnoywinxx,Review like a proTOO MANY INSECTS!!
,Recommended,410320,25856836,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Eat-Noodle,"Buy this game, I buy a Insecticides instant."
,Recommended,410320,24427220,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Nubcake,that game u need the day after drinking! Just blow everything the f**k up lols!
,Recommended,410320,24401553,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,KommandoJoe,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24410880,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cute Anime Girl,Giant insects can't melt steel beams.
,Recommended,410320,24451393,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Narflarg,8:::::::D~~~~~TED CRUZ
,Recommended,410320,30534211,Posted: 15 March,all,Monkerlotus,WE HAVEN'T SEEN THE GIANT INSECTS IN SEVEN YEARS!!!
,Recommended,410320,24425942,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Shrak,"How can they release a game with this much bugs? This game is so buggy it has 1000's apon 1000's of bugs. 10/10, Like fallout but with way more bugs."
,Recommended,410320,24403304,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Cerb,I bought this game for my wife.
,Recommended,410320,24402116,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kazuma,EDF EDF EDF
,Recommended,410320,24466693,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kingxex,Game is riddled with bugs.
,Recommended,410320,27773068,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,S'AraisVanu,"I thought this game was cool before it got an awardE D F!TL;DR: it's stupid as hell and that's great.SERIOUS SAM GOES TO JAPANWARNING:EDF SIDE EFFECTS MAY CAUSE TRIPLE-DIPPING, EXTREME FUN, SITTING IN YOUR SEAT SLACK JAWED IN AWE AS YOU THEN REEL BACK AND EMIT LOUD BOUTS OF UNCONTROLLED LAUGHTER, GIANT INSECTS, RIDICULOUS RAGDOLLSEnsure you check the forums if you're having issues. Community is far in advance of schedule than D3 and sandlot. Not their fault really- they ARE from japan and there is a lot of communicative disparities, as well as being a small, 25 man team (apperantly)Good with Randoms! (and friends)EDF. Absolute proof that Gameplay > GraphicsAlso the PC port and game itself feels a lot more smooth and natural on keyboard and mouse than the console versions. Damned grape is just flying about. Awesome.EDF is a game I've wanted to come to PC ever since I layed eyes and hands upon 2017. This game is by far one of the best games in years. Part of this is because it's a budget title trying to deliver a fun game experience, rather than rake palm for cash.The plot is: Bugs. Huge bugs. Giant bugs. Gigantic Insects. Giant Insects. Robots. Goddamn aliens. Aliens. Hectors. DRAGONS?! HORNETS?! GODZILLA! We beat them. Seven years ago. THE BUGS ARE BACK. THE BUGS ARE BACK!If you are confused about the game, just remember:EDF!"
76561198038175520,Recommended,410320,24496406,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,07blackhawks19,it's like skyrim... with guns
76561198025318492,Recommended,410320,24413878,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Hysterical Hecatia,Alot better than kissing your sister.
76561197996055825,Recommended,410320,24718428,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SMUG,"I give it a 4/10.If only you could talk to these giant bugs, then perhaps you could try and make friends with them, form alliances... Now that would be interesting."
76561198076463136,Recommended,410320,30645440,Posted: 20 March,all,The Patient,It might just be my favorite game of all time!!!
,Recommended,410320,25204247,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Cheungy,EDF!!! EDF!!! EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,24406669,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ֆᎮ⊰◜◟⋎◞◝⊱ֆᎮ,EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24471286,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,tmanwoody,"OK LISTEN UP NERDSEDF 4.1 HAS BEEN FOLDED UP TO A THOUSAND TIMES BY GLORIOUS JAPANESE OVERLORDS TO CUT STRAIGHT THROUGH SOLID MEME BEAMS AND NOW IT IS HERE TO US RICE FARMER PC USERS TO PLAYSO LOAD THE ♥♥♥♥ UP AND PREPARE TO SHOOT GIANT BUGS AND ROBOTS THAT WANT TO♥♥♥♥♥♥EARTH A BIGGER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ JUST LIKE HOW THE MEXICANS WANT TO♥♥♥♥♥♥USA: EXCEPT WHAT WITH ALIENS AND THE SPIDERS THAT SIT UNDER YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING TOILETEXCEPT THAT SPIDER UNDER YOUR TOILET IS NOW BIGGER THAN A TWO STORY HOUSE AND WANTS NOTHING MORE THAN TO MAKE YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥YOURSELF AND EAT IT'S HOMING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WEBS THAT SUCK YOU HARDER THAN YOUR MOTHER IN ANY GIVEN THEORETICAL SITUATIONLUCKY EDF COMES PREPARED WITH FOUR WELL PREPARED ♥♥♥♥-YOUS TO THE AYY LMAO MENACETHE RANGER - ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAT'S HARD AS STEEL AND BREAKS CARS JUST BY ROLLING THROUGH THEM, TAKES HIS GLORIOUS M16 OR AK-47 BECAUSE EDF DOESN'T DISCRIMINATE AGAINST ANYTHING THAT ISN'T A FILTHY ALIEN TO UNLOAD PURE FREEDOM/COMMUNISM RIGHT INTO THE ENEMIES RIPE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THE FENCER - PACKED WITH ONE TONNE WORTH OF MAN AND THE SUIT MADE TO KEEP THIS BADASS IN CHECK, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ES STAY IN RANGE BUT THESE HARDASSES GO ALL ROMAN LEGION ON THE ALIEN SCUM WITH THEIR SHIELDS AND SPEARS WHILE MAKING THEIR MASCULINITY LOOK TINY IN COMPARISONTHE WING DIVER - THESE HARDASS ♥♥♥♥♥ES MAKE SAMUS ARAN LOOK LIKE SHE'S GOING THROUGH A PLAYGROUND IN COMPARISON TO THE♥♥♥♥♥♥THEY DO WHILE UNLOADING HOT FROTHING ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC PLASMA ALL UP INSIDE THOSE ALIENS BOOTYHOLE FROM THE SKY. MAY COMPLAIN OFTEN ABOUT NOT WEARING ARMORED SUITS BUT EDF REALIZES HOW MUCH BETTER THAN EVERYTHING ELSE THEY WOULD BE IF THEY GOT THEMTHE AIR RAIDER - SOME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S ARE SMART AND REALIZE THAT TANKS BEAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥ TWO LEGGED BIPEDAL ROBOTS AND THUS CALL DOWN FIFTY M1A2 ABRAMS DOWN EVERY TIME THE ENEMY SO MUCH AS POP THEIR HEADS UP WHILE DROPPING MASSIVE HUMAN APPRECIATION UPON THE ENEMY IN THE FORM OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND ION CANNONS BECAUSE WELCOME TO EARTHPICK YOUR FLAVOR OF HUMAN SPERM THAT FOR THE ALIENS CHOKE ON, WATCH AS YOUR URGE TO MARRY YOUR FELLOW MAN-SOLDIERS INCREASES WITH EVERY MISSION AND MAKE SURE TO SPAM EDF!! AS MANY TIMES AS POSSIBLE SO THE ALIENS REALIZE THAT THEY DONE ♥♥♥♥ED UP BY COMING TO EARTH AGAINits pretty good tbh tho"
76561197980827702,Not Recommended,410320,32955030,Posted: 28 June,all,Guccifer,"This has all the elements together to be a really fun game. I can't recommend it.The UI is terrible and playing a multiplayer game is almost impossible. For the price point, there just isn't enough there to justify."
76561198019312254,Recommended,410320,25915811,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,falconxL42,This game is like having sex with a street person.Way to much money for lots of bugs and crap all over the place.Go ahead and give this one a skip..........I mean unless you like it cheeep and greazzy. But honestly theres better grime to be had with Postal 2!GAME ON MA'FK'S
,Recommended,410320,26193071,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,WaterCloak,"""IT'S THE ANTPOCALYPSE"" -Skarr, Watercloak 2016"
,Recommended,410320,24401295,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,tramps,EDF EDF EDF
76561198121191447,Not Recommended,410320,34248724,Posted: 14 August,all,Xavian,"Solo is awsome.  Try and join a multiplayer game and given the voice alone, the definition of a neckbeard will kick you"
76561197963107509,Not Recommended,410320,31000301,Posted: 7 April,all,ElliPse,Way worse than the reviews are stating. Worst looking current gen game I've ever seen. Gameplay is very shallow. Every level is 99% the same as the last. Building destruction looks like it came from an n64 game. 95% of the weapons are useless and boring but at least flying a jet pack is fun.  If you've ever played an edf game before then you've played this too. It's exactly the same.If this game was priced at 10 bucks I would recommend it but 50 is a complete joke.
,Not Recommended,410320,30236413,Posted: 28 February,all,Hallow's Evie Colburn,"As much as I want to enjoy this game, due to the ridiculous bug where the game completely gives out when any weapon is fired, I cannot enjoy it. As of now, my review will be negative until this is fixed.EDIT: I have reason to believe that the bug is caused by AMD video cards, I cannot know for sure until I have tested it on an NVidia video card. More info soon.EDIT 2: I have discovered alongside another person that this is a coding bug. As of the time of posting this edit, it hasn't been patched, working on a way of getting a community patch out. Not sure what part it is that's causing it YET, but we will have it."
76561198110021731,Not Recommended,410320,34926168,Posted: 13 September,all,Adir,the worst part is the enemy corpse is block the path. sometime u can find urself traped in massive enemy corpses and cant do anything but wait untill their corpses gone.
,Recommended,410320,24401052,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,[SMC] Raptor,EDF EDF
,Not Recommended,410320,32827447,Posted: 26 June,all,なのDEATH,"The dislike is meant to attract attention from the developers. I am currently unable to proceed past Charge Point 3 without crashing constantly, an issue i had since Charge Point 1.Although it did crash occasionally, it didnt do so as often as those 2 stages.Windows 10 64 bitNvidia GTX850MIntel(R) Core i7-4700HQ CPU @ 2.40 GHz8 GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,410320,32812057,Posted: 26 June,all,THICC BUTT,"why does this game have overwhelmingly positive reviews?either it's one of those so bad it's good games like bad rats, or it's just a bunch nostalgic fanboys. Probably both>first off the game looks really, really bad for a 2016 release. Not just the graphics but the animation and physics aswell>there is barely any option to change the graphics, I think AA and shadows was the only thing>the menu controls are bad, you control it with your mouse but you don't see your mouse cursor? or something I really don't know what's going on>the in game controls isn't any better either>you constantly hear NPC's scream as if they were right next to your ear and sometimes they yel lthe same thing so it's stacked like 20 times on top of each other which makes it even louder>NPC's teleport and disapear even when they stand right in front of you>The game is really slow for what it appears to be in the trailer>the general ""feel"" of this game is just... off and slow>they want you to pay $40 for it"
,Recommended,410320,24404360,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,EDF!
,Not Recommended,410320,32775253,Posted: 25 June,all,Weed Fighter,"Game is unplayable with the frame drops and cant even get past 15FPS, I'm well past the recommended specs too."
,Not Recommended,410320,35066676,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,its ok but i got no one to play with
76561198023920856,Not Recommended,410320,32857066,Posted: 27 June,all,Amsjex,"Love Dynasty Warrior games could happily play them all day... Could not stand this, no noticable story just endless copy paste missions, apparently a port of an old console game which explains a few things like lack of direct quit to desktop and it telling me i need a gamepad.Certainly not worth even its current sale price, sure its got fans and sure they'll love it but not for me"
,Not Recommended,410320,28925697,Posted: 1 January,all,Beeps,"""Are you just mercenaries? Fighting for scraps?""I just wanna say that I tried. I really did.I tried to like EDF. 96% positive user review score. Steam likes it. Twitch likes it. Mainstream critics like it. Unconventional critics like it. This is going to be my last review of 2016, and I really wish it wasn't. I really wish that I could just ignore what I've seen, and brush off that I didn't like EDF. Just buy another game and move on without saying a word.But EDF--EDF is an unfathomably pointless, outrightdumbexperience. There's no dimension to it, no depth, no purpose. Youjustshoot things. Theentiregame is shooting things. There's not many enemies, and the game is massively padded to the point where several missions are virtually identical. Most of the time you'll be shooting things from very long distances unless you play the Fencer class, which is the only way the game can get in anyway involving. The gunplay isn't even GOOD. The enemies are utterly massive which gives a great sense of scale, but at the same time it means that you'llnevermiss. Some of the soldiers even say ""You can close your eyes and still hit em'."" Hit indication is limited to a very hard to see tracer effect on the bullets which can barely be seen because of the foliage that constantly covers the maps. In any other game, this would make the gunfights nonfunctional, but because the enemies are so big and so dumb that you willalwayshit them, it merely becomes a matter of lacking precision, rather than not knowing where to shoot. The game is sodumbthat even the lack of basic features like this don't even hurt it.Because again, you donothing. You complete each mission when the enemies die. There's no score. You don't get bonuses for having saved people. There's not even a timer. You're not even guaranteed a reward, you can complete missions and get absolutely nothing because of how the timesink functions. The *point*, to use that word lightly, of EDF, is to obtain better weapons so you can fight stronger enemies to get even better weapons. That is nothing new, there are hundreds of games like that. But where games like Diablo, Warframe, Borderlands, Path of Exile etc. at least have the common decency todisguisethe grating minutiae of what you're doing, EDF provides nothing. This is the game about nothing. Buying a game titled ""Timesink"" where you continuously scrub dishes to get better cleaning equipment would be even less transparent than what EDF does. You kill insects and robots. The end.It's baffling to me. Videogames have existed in recognizable form since 1962, putting this new year as the 55th year that this medium's existed. We've got games where you can feel like Indiana Jones. We've got games where you can make your own story. We've got games that people question if they're even games because they're that arcane. But EDF makes it's mark, because what wedon'thave yet is...a game where you kill ants. Is this it? Is this a $50 game? Is this something people buy and think ""Oh, wow, I can call an air strike on spiders!"" and that's a marvel? That is the accepted emblem of an ""overwhemlingly"" good game, that acceptance of the most unbelievably banal? This is exactly the type of game that these obnoxious PC elitists would bash as being infantile console trash in the early 2000s, but here we are on the edge of 2017, and this is the Hot New Thing. The firstBorderlandswas more daring than EDF. ♥♥♥♥ingBorderlandsof all games.But I get it. It's got four classes. It's got arcady sound effects. It doesn't try to be homogynous and overly balanced. The (intentionally?) terrible voice acting brings to mind the arcade hits of the early 2000s. There are times, brief moments, where you are surrounded by what seems like infinite enemies, and you feel that sense of scale, that primal sense of danger, that the rest of the game so painfully fails to invoke because you can shoot blindfolded and still win each mission. It's like Starship Troopers! Everyone like Starship Troopers right?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGe6017JwPw"
,Not Recommended,410320,29050077,Posted: 5 January,all,Zero,"Reviews sound awesome - totally misleading.Trailers are hilarious, sorta where it stops.$10 is a max price I'd like to pay, good for a romp for a bit."
76561198017599168,Not Recommended,410320,28882836,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SFF2000,"The menu and in game action is super ""buggy"" mess. I love this game, but if I can't play the game I can't enjoy it and that is a huge let down. The game requires a much needed patch."
76561198005851839,Not Recommended,410320,25220518,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,legendarymass,i crash out of online play nearly 50% of the time.  This wasn't a big deal at first but after months of waiting for a patch for this and many issues i'm a little angry.  Not to mention the 50 dollar price tag on a remastered verion of thier older game.  The developers needed to fix the crashing and mic issues many months ago before releasing this game.  Not one patch has come out.  No dev support! otherwise a very fun game.  will not buy from them again however.
76561197995428937,Not Recommended,410320,25450599,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,AtlasWolf,"This game is 54.99 and the price went up by 20.00 This game is compeletely unbalanced, to the point you cannot get proper weapon for proper the levels. hardest levels the hitpoints are to low, you literally have to GRIND hell through 1400 levels on every class to unlock unlimted weapon lvl and Hitpoints at 70% completion. THIS GAME is NOT WORTH it. I wasted my money. the orignal EDF was balanced. DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,410320,32837064,Posted: 26 June,all,Loki,I will not remove shoe.
76561197964866568,Not Recommended,410320,31446917,Posted: 29 April,all,Crusader_bin,"Technical issues for me.Controlls and interface for keyboard and mouse are a huge no-no for me, so I refunded the game.Didn't play it long enough to comment on gameplay, but it looks like a PS2 game and plays like one. I think the port is pretty terrible. The little english texts there are in the game felt half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥It's not worth the price for me.If you don't care OR actually like playing with controller AND don't care it's several generations behind, buy it.The grind to max the characters seems interesting, but I guess it's not for me. Too many issues I have hard time to look behind."
76561198060445418,Not Recommended,410320,25879267,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,jchaosmaster,Can't really say that this was my kind of game. From what i saw and read i was hopping for a heart pounding game where i feel like im going to die every single second as a low ranking memeber of a massive group. Saddly i felt like the enemies have next to no clue i was even there. I cant say i played much do to requesting refund but i guess just could serve the great Earth defense force.
76561198123325361,Not Recommended,410320,32661406,Posted: 22 June,all,I Got Love For You,"This was one of my favorite franchises. Just this game is horrid. From the confusion of setting customization, weapons in the games are more jokes than actual fun. YOU MUST READ ALL DESCRIPTIONS OF EACH WEAPON. If you play this game. Community is horrible so far. Kicked out of every session after waiting to join. You cannot join mid game because this game just doesn't want to make sense you can being waiting up to 30 min just to join a session. Basically need friends to play this game. Classes are boring and balancing is horrible. But not worth the money nor time to play this game. Stick to the older games from this franchise."
,Not Recommended,410320,24451596,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,TwistedLogic,"How do I request a refund again...?I really couldn't play this for longer than I did. The constant, repetitive and above all BAD voice lines shouted at you throughout the whole two first missions really begin to get on your nerves after the first 30 seconds or so. The gameplay was simplistic, boring and remise of a bad arcade game but with less direction.Try it for yourself, but I honestly don't understand the attention this title has received recently. Maybe it's that nostalgia factor again."
,Not Recommended,410320,24452001,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,warfgeng,Not playable because the game crashes at the mission loading loading screen. :(
,Not Recommended,410320,24411308,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Egghead,Can't play really. Starting cutscene keeps on crashing more or less all the time.
,Not Recommended,410320,24402239,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,funerav,Phenom CPU don't buy
76561197978141128,Not Recommended,410320,24491368,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Skippy,"I want to love this game. I really do. It seems like the perfect mix of campy awesome and goofy explosive fun.But I can't get it to play.After fixing issues with text scaling, non-native resolutiosn ad multiplayer connections I got into my first match after about 25 minutes of fidiling. The game promptly sprung a memory leak and crashed my computer. Maybe I'll try again in a few months after a few patches have been rolled out but for now for me it's just a waste of cash. Requested a refund/"
76561198241731562,Not Recommended,410320,24414600,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mirae,i cant play this♥♥♥♥♥♥. waste my money
76561198003231737,Not Recommended,410320,24404264,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Modsolar,เกมครายเครียด ติดว่าแพงไปเยอะ 700-800 กว่าบาทได้เกมระดับนี้ เอาตังไปเติมเกมออนไลน์บ้านๆเล่นดีกว่า
76561198050594870,Not Recommended,410320,24489578,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SUNBRO,"Clunky controls, latency issues and little in the way of anything concrete for story dynamics. I'm running a 980 card and it seized up several times. Not sure if this is a bug with this game or my PC, but I'm playing heavily modded Skyrims and Fallouts with no effort."
76561198198270421,Not Recommended,410320,24414968,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,LIFTY,"i was really hyped to play this because i loved edf 2025, but i cant even read anything every thing is cut in half??"
,Not Recommended,410320,24431467,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Valco82,It looked cool I played it for about a hour then refunded it. Totally not worth $35 maybe $10 as theres not much substance to the game just overall grind blow up kind of thing.
76561198012743650,Not Recommended,410320,24452868,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[ML] Scavver,"While this game is fun to play with friends and definetly a short little snippet of excitement, I can't recommend this game for several reasons.1) The price on the game itself. I only paid $34.99 and still felt cheated of my money's worth,2) The horribly ported feel of the game makes it unplayable on gamepad for some parts, and on mouse and keyboard for others, like some sick incestial breed between the two with only the worst attributes from both.3) Oh god, the voice acting. PLAY THIS GAME WITH VOICES MUTED PLEASE4) Horrible gameplay that can get boring, repitive, frustrating, and honestly, downright insane.5) The devs have yet to fix a patch that is supposed to help with older AMD CPUs, and so far, well, they're silent.Overall I'm kind of disappointed. This game showed great potential, but fell short due to it's bad design decisions, overpriced self-pride, and just enough bugs to really start making you grind your teeth.6.5/10"
76561198048133376,Not Recommended,410320,24441019,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Vincent,"While the gameplay is fun, the multiplayer is absolutely atrotious. Every single attempt I made to play with other players resulted in the session refusing to progress (in which we were forced to quit and thereby forfeit any rewards we should have earned) or outright crashing. If you're still interest in purchasing, I'd suggest waiting until it drops into single digits during a sale, it's not remotely worth it at it's curret price."
,Not Recommended,410320,24470866,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Onbashira,"I liked Insect Armageddon, which certainly had it's problems, but this seems like a step back?  The heavy character is insanely slow, and his starting weapons have short range and are also bad and also have super long reload times.  My favorite class from the last entry is a tedious time waster.  Maybe other weapons are better for him but I have to trudge for twenty minutes to get the box from where I killed the ant.At least the jet character is way more interesting to play than the last version.The very few inventory boxes on the ranger might fill up with some interesting stuff too, but I can't take the hours to see if that's the case if I want my refund.And this left a bad enough first impression I want it.  I'll just reinstall Insect Armageddon, which certainly has some problems.  But none of those problems is I have to use a wave dashing exploit to make 1/4 of the classes tolerable."
,Not Recommended,410320,24546161,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,✪ zFYL,i disliked the game because shooting the same things over and over again with different weapons isnt fun very repetitive and even if u have friends still seems like a meh game
,Not Recommended,410320,24601638,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,.tv/iLLaVenom,"Not worth the price. Clunky keyboard and mouse controls, clearly lazily ported for controller only. 3440x1440p support but is stretched in full not native. Graphical updates are subpar with AA and some added lighting and basic reflection additions, thats it.Gameplay: 7 on controller, 4 on kb and mouseOptimization: 4  (not the worst port but by far not the best, and i've played psp ports to  PC with much better controls, options, graphics etc.)Graphics: 5Lasting Appeal: 6Versatility: 5Online: 4Value: 3Total Rating: 4/104.1 is a suiting title addition, as thats close to it's overall score out of 10 at a 40 dollar price point (I see its not even on sale anymore and is now 50 again). It's a decent enough time waster if you can get it for under $10, at which point I'd grab it for ps4 so you can at least resell it when your done with mind numbing pointless wave killing with no real point and cheesy story and voices (And not in a fun mockery throwback kind of way of cheesy either)"
,Not Recommended,410320,24641088,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ａｌｉｃｅ,It is just repetitive grinding.
76561197972322782,Not Recommended,410320,24427015,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dr. Action Hank,"The game isn't nearly as fun as Insect Armageddon and the Fencer is so slow it's unbearable.That said, IA was so good that it earned the series good will from me and I'm enjoying playing it.The only real downside beyond how slow the Fencer is compared to its IA counterpart is that one of the people I'm trying to play with is suffering from the AMD bug at the moment. It'd be really swell if they could hurry up and fix that so she can play and we can all enjoy it together."
76561198052272271,Not Recommended,410320,24624699,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Aos_Anchar,"Probably a great game if it supported displays above 1080p.Even if the game is set to 1080p fullscreen or windows is set to 1080p the game still renders the text 4x to large in my case (4K display)  making the games menus unreadable.If you don't have a 1080p+ display or game menus don't bother you I'd recomend it, otherwise wait untill the devs fix the issue.I know about the workeround (setting your display scaling to 100% in windows) but that renders my os unusable just to play a game."
76561197965044333,Not Recommended,410320,24862621,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,$l@$h Puppy,"Ok, short review, because this game is flawed in a serious way.1) It doesn't allow me to rebind the keys as I need. Considering my fingers, I seriously need arrow keys which aren't allowed as rebindable keys.2) It doesn't listen AT ALL to CTRL+ALT+DEL in menus. Seriously, back in the day, even DOS games listened to this key combo. This game doesn't. I couldn't literally exit it. Thus I requested a refund.3) I have no actual idea if this game is good or bad or worse, because I could not get into the actual game due to it's ridiculously obtuse menus and really weird controls with keyboard and mouse. So take that as you will."
76561198008307762,Not Recommended,410320,24421583,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Crusaderdk,"Have to give this thumbs down, can't  remap WASD to arrow keys, so unplayable for me.  :-("
,Not Recommended,410320,24421094,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,MoeszY,Didnt like. Not Fun
,Recommended,410320,30639063,Posted: 20 March,all,mbzerosiki,dsasda
,Not Recommended,410320,24719386,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,elight,I have no idea why people rave about this game. Absolutely terrible.
,Not Recommended,410320,24419617,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,xCAKSx,"The concept of the game is good .............. Very fun and interesting concept........The graphis is whaco.......gameplay is not smooth and childish......... Game menu art is disgusting ........... When you play , you will feel like this game doesnt belong to 2016. It should be in early 2003-2004.Variation in gameplay can not be found. Co op is just a joke. Feel no difference with single player.Now above all i would give it a yes . But The price of the game kept me laughing ............... Its too much for this S*it."
76561198257108554,Not Recommended,410320,30627182,Posted: 19 March,all,Hellhoundslave,Really does a number on the computer and seems to freeze or glitch out the graphics with no real way to see the mouse
,Not Recommended,410320,24512344,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Warxa,"I expected some kind of japanese Serious Sam, it kinda is but really really bad. It barely should be considered a game, it looks like a pre-alpha or something. It looks like it was made by a single person who just go a game engine and then he put placeholder ants as enemies and sold the game like that. Shooting enemies is not fun at all, it feels more like a chore. This bad excuse for a game is a complete joke.And for 50$ and 20$ of DLC?Seems like this game is surrounded by rabid fanboys who will defend this game no matter what, don't trust them."
76561198071660164,Not Recommended,410320,30511977,Posted: 14 March,all,shaidr733,Why all the good ratings? The game is crap.Graphics and gameplay are much worse than what I expected based on the reviews.
,Not Recommended,410320,28592953,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JOBBIN TIL' I DIE,tunnel levels
,Not Recommended,410320,24411341,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cynabal,"Not what I expected, overpriced for PS2 graphics. If this game was 75% off then maybe worth a purchase."
,Not Recommended,410320,25869015,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TooOldForGaming,"-The music is awful-The voice acting is awful-Combat is slow and uninteresting-Weapons lack punch, enemies simply just either burst into gore or oddly ragdoll but there's no major indication you're doing anything of use-Enemies are unintersting-AI both friendly and non keep getting hung up on the environment every 5 seconds, meaning you have to go hunt them down-Controls are sloppy-UI is a nightmare to navigate, can't use the menu's in game because it keeps bringing up the reply system instead of letting me select options-Graphics are horrible-Have to excessively grind lower levels for gear to do higher onesWorst of all, its the antithesis to fun. Refund can't come soon enough"
76561198314466431,Not Recommended,410320,28642090,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,blublazmagnet,Graphics.- - -
76561198027049256,Recommended,410320,27951173,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skeletronis,"I am a huge fan of this game. The story is stilly, the graphics are ok, but the experience is just so much fun. The amount of bugs, robots, and just plain wacky things in general you fight make this game fun. All the different weapons you can use keep it fresh. The storyline pretty much, is ""go kill the big bugs"" Which you do, and a lot of it. If you are looking for a game that you just want to pick up and play, and put down whenever and continue it up again, then this is that game."
76561198079477580,Recommended,410320,27747586,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FudDunker,This has to be one of my all time favorite games. The story is vertually nonexistant but the mechanics are smooth and well thought out. When I lose a game I feel like it was my fault and my fault alone. Though it could be a friend's fault as the game is multiplayer and splitscreen at that. It's been a long time since I've played a splitscreen game so it can be disorientating. I don't really have a habit of reviewing things but I love this game so much that I thought I'd make an exeption.
,Recommended,410320,27714349,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Super Kami Guru,"I just nominated this game for the steam awards for the category I made up that I call The ""Has a Great Personality"" Award. This game.. is not a technical masterpiece. Its a graphics are 2 generation behind other current releases. Its physics are not... not from this planet.  Its gameplay is not the deepest. Most of its content is recycled, and a good chunk of it is a grind.So why am I recommending it?Because this game achieves something that few games do. It has a genuine charm. It is campy in all the best ways. Now some say that being campy is a negative, that it does not stand up to modern art that we collectively take seriously. But to accept and love ""campiness"" in media is to love the ridiculousness  flaws that make you truly love something. Not that you are looking past them, but you love  them for those flaws. And loving a piece of media for its camp says more about the consumer and last longer than any of the more generic actually (and more ""objectively"") good games we all play in a year.Despite everything this game does wrong I cannot help but love it for its old B movie plot and aethestic. Being able to unite with 4 friends online as we charge an army of insects singing the EDF anthem is some of the best fun I have had in any game in years. This game always makes me smile and make me want to watch any of the campy, schlok you could see on  mystery science theater. It is glorious and you should genuinely give this game a shot, because it might just win you over even when have some shinier/smoother game waiting for you in your steam library."
76561198085220453,Recommended,410320,27650111,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hass Del Waffle,"level a city with rockets that go off like nukes in order to save it, if anyone asks say the bugs did it works like a charm."
76561198065329449,Recommended,410320,27754494,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kevinferior,"A wonderful, simple game. Shoot bugs, repeat. There are some flaws, a bit repetative and grindy, but its a gem."
,Recommended,410320,27711518,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,stickists,"The most fun I've had in a video game this decade. Having both local and online multiplayer available really enhances the experience.Pros+Huge Levels+Enemy sizes range between small building and skyscraper+Huge explosions+Tons of weapon types+Responsive Controls+Almost 100 levels (almost 50 extra with dlc)+Cheesy dialogue and plot+Lots of premade voice commands and emotes (including singing)+Squad members sing back to you+Both split screen multiplayer and online multiplayerCons-Mass building destruction is very laggy on low end PCs-Poor allied troop pathing-Clunky helicopter controls-Occasionally projectiles pass through some walls (quite noticeable on the harder difficulties)-Some levels are disproportionately hard (you can always turn the difficulty down for these)-Versus mode seems kind of pointless-Weapon and vehicle DLC is lacklusterMain ReviewThis third person shooter trades next gen graphics for satisfying and large scale gameplay. Defend the earth from invading robot aliens and their armies of giant insects. Almost every level will pit you up against hundreds of enemies in fully destructible cities or dark underground caves.The game is very accessible, with 5 vastly different difficulty levels. Each difficulty level amping up the health, damage, speed, jump height, projectile count and range of most enemies.Approach each level a different way with your choice of class, weapon loadout and difficulty level.ClassesRanger: bullets and boomsticksWing Diver: flying lasersAir Raider: mechs, tanks, buffs and air strikesFencer: thick armour, big weapons and jet boostersAs you play a class you'll find new weapons and health upgrades along the way. There are hundreds of weapons to unlock, with increasingly ridiculous firepower. Later levels and higher difficulty levels award bigger weapons, which is a great incentive to challenge yourself.There are many types of enemies you'll encounter in this game, both on land and in the air. Each enemy having it's own unique behaviours and attacks. Considering you can only take 2-4 weapons with you to each level, it can be quite a challenge to figure out what will be most effective to deal with all the different enemies you'll encounter in a single level.ConclusionAll in all this game displays incredible variety on all fronts, whilst maintaining very basic core gameplay. Although single player makes for a decent experience, the game really shines in its multiplayer modes. I'd recommend this game to anyone and even go as far as to say it's one of my favourite games of all time.EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,27740539,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pryoplasm,"As a game that is actually hard on hard mode, this is a fun game. Killing all kinds of things, with a variety of weapons, classes, and enemies is decent.The local multiplayer option is also nice, and not seen in games nearly as much as I'd like to see."
,Recommended,410320,27575969,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thescience,"A real EDF game on PC.  Insect armageddon was good, but it  was just missing some kind of spirit that this game has."
,Recommended,410320,24537204,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,doomzkit8,The game is additive but too buggy.
76561197981567300,Recommended,410320,25218582,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ka0z69,so very good at what it does and great local coop
,Recommended,410320,24403127,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,FerretSocks,"So far i've had a fantastic time with EDF. The port is good and the keyboard and mouse controlls excel beyond expectation. I was worried about it being unoptimised, since a lot of JP ported games are, but it seems to be every well optimised and even able to run on my GTX 480.In terms of combat, EDF has smooth and entertaining gameplay thats even better when played with friends or randoms via the server browser.The price is a little steep, but the launch discount is in my oppinion a good base price for the game.Overall a great purchase and i look forward to playing it more."
76561197993839953,Recommended,410320,24403532,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ghostofk,"I've already played this game on the XB360, so I'm making another run in this game with a friend in online co-op mode. So far, this game is exactly what I expected and hoped for. The graphics improvement from the XB360 to my PC is significant. I've got a lot more appreciation for all the little details put into the environment in this game.Played the first 14 missions so far in online co-op and the game runs smooth, the controls are good, and it looks great. The only issue that I've had is the game may crash during the initial loading of the map. It's happened to me 3 times so far in the few hours that I've played. I needed to use task manager to kill the application process when it crashed. Not a huge deal since this game loads pretty fast. My friend was able to quickly re-invite me into the game lobby after I reloaded the game. I noticed that all 3 crashes occurred right when the higher resolution textures were about to kick in.Minus this one problem, the game is great. Highly recommended if you have a friend you can play with. Or if you just want to blow stuff up with ridiculous weapons. This console to PC port is definitely well done."
76561198099764004,Recommended,410320,24403654,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,tyfighter15,"I played the one on Xbox 360, EDF 2025, and this game is that same beloved game but with 60fps instead of 10-30.  There wasn't any input lag on the xbox version which is surprising seeing as how low the fps got.  This EDF is also the best one of any that I have played"
,Recommended,410320,24403674,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Bamberooni,"uh edf, edf, edf"
76561197968273950,Recommended,410320,24403731,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Grapes,"[Technical Review]Rock Solid 60FPS on GTX 970 / I7 3820.Played for several hours through steam-link couch co-op with room mate on release night, 0 Crashes, 0 Progress blocking bugs.PC Port Pros- Mouse and Keyboard works great or a controller, everything is rebindable- No Mouse accelleration by default, THANK GOD.- Online Co-Op seems to be stable (so far), no random service downtime or disconnections yet.PC Port Negatives- Very few graphic options, but the game runs smooth as hell so I don't really have any strong issue with this.- Game has lots of 'jagged lines' from poor Anti-Aliasing or It's just not working properly.- No Vertical Sync On/Off- WASD/Arrow key menu navigation is a bit annoying to get used to but not a deal breaker by any means- Cannot switch between controller and M & K on the fly, you have to back out to the main screen and reload the entire game.9/10 PC Port[Gameplay Review]If you've a veteran that played EDF 2017/2025 or EDF 4.1 for PS4, then you know what you're getting into.If you're new, here's what you're going to do.Kill Bugs, lots of bugs.The game has 4 classes and each one is vastly different in play style. You should try them all for a bit a time since items and upgrades do not share between classes.The core gameplay of EDF is blow up bugs and get items, once you feel the game is too easy, push the difficulty up and your item drop level increases significantly eventually leading to some truly epic and destruction weapons.Overall 10/10 GameplayThere truly is nothing like this game out there, a huge thanks to D3/Sandlot for bringing this to PC and letting it shine in it's glory at a proper playable framerate."
,Recommended,410320,24402367,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,EnsignEndar,"TO SAVE OUR MOTHER EARTH FROM ANY ALIEN ATTACKFROM VICIOUS GIANT INSECTS WHO HAVE ONCE AGAIN COME BACKWE'LL UNLEASH ALL OUR FORCES WE WON'T CUT THEM ANY SLACKTHE PC PORT IS GOOD!In all honesty though this a decent port with solid keyboard/mouse and controller support that runs at a stable 60 fps even with all the explosions onscreen. Not only does it include online multiplayer but it also has Split-Screen Coop. Not many games even include that as a future anymore even though we are in the *Next-Gen* of gaming. :\Cons are limited Graphics options other then Changing your resolution, Anti Aliasing, Anisotropic Filtering and Shadows. It does however support 21:9 Resolution and looks great on my Acer Predator Z35.DLC is completely optional at the moment and most of it is just low level guns that are pretty much just for fun later in the game.The Devs have stated they are looking into adding mod support which will be really interesting if achieved.All in All this game is worth it for some mindless Insect killing fun!EDF! EDF! EDF!PC Specs:Intel 6700kGigabyte Z170x Gaming 7EVGA 1080 8gig SCCorsair 16 gig Dominator 3000mhz"
,Recommended,410320,24402740,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Acey Winters,"I've been a fan of the Earth Defense Force games since 2017 on the Xbox360. Hours upon hours were spent on that game solo and with friends. It's mindless chaos at it's core and it doesn't need flashy cutscenes or AAA graphics to keep my attention. The EDF series will always have a place in my heart, despite the few flawed releases. I endured the embarassment of Insect Armageddon, and I was disappointed in the awful frame rates of 2025. Then came the re-release of 2017 and EDF2 for the PSVITA, both respectable ports but unfortunately they were limited by the hardware of the VITA. Now were are in 2016 with the PC port of the Earth Defense Force that was a remake of the PS3 game re-released for the PS4 (and xb1 I think?).. Whew that was a mouthful! The company behind this game has done an amazing job porting EDF 4.1, and while there's limited graphics options, it doesn't ruin the experience. The game runs beautifully smooth on my setup (i5-4690k , Nvidia GTX 970) and it feels great to play with a controller. If you were disappointed by awful mess that Insect Armageddon was, then you'll appreciate this release! It's pure EDF campiness, with giant bugs and monsters and robots and explosions galore! I'm not sure how I feel about the whole DLC thing though but that can wait, as there's tons of weapons in the game to unlock already, among the 4 classes you can play as. See you on the battlefield, fellow EDF soldiers! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24403059,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,miguel_feliciano,"Kudos to devs Sandlot! Despite the barebone options, performance wise the port is excellent. Now, it needs to be taken into consideration that this will change in later levels as things get more and more intense, so make sure you have specs that are equal to or go beyond recommended.So, EDF 4.1 is the remastered version of Earth Defence Force 2025. This is the base game plus some extra features and levels that were added to take the extra performance of the PS4 into account. Alongside the hundreds of giant insects to shoot, explode, eviscerate, mangle and otherwise bother there are also some enormous level-scale bosses to take down. The newer content included in 4.1 includes Kaiju battles and some mechs for you to fight in and alongside, plus a vastly increased enemy count.How does this game relate to Insect Armageddon? Not much other than it's from the same publisher. That particular one was my first EDF game and I was throughly impressed with it, despite fan reception being extremely poor.Do yourself a favour and pick this up, this game is probably one of the most underrated third person shooters on the market right now, and you can play it on pc in SPLIT SCREEN!!!!!"
76561197988995957,Recommended,410320,24432441,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Kamikaze$X-GEN$,"Our world is in grave danger join our ranks in defending our home, our mother earth and protect our kind against the Aliens the so called Ravagers. You make the different every soldier count!Join our Earth Defense Force!EDF! EDF! EDF!The EDF wants you join now!Apply now and start fighting soldier !What you are still here reading, hell get outta there and kill these bugs soldier!Well that happened to me playing this game. I give it 9/10 for pure fun simple and fun. 9 because its quite expansive though but still worth the money at least with the 30% price cut."
,Recommended,410320,24441578,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,strandedsnake,"i loved this game on the xbox 360 now you may be wondering wait it was on xbox 360?, yes it was it was called earth defense force 2025 it was basicly the new improved earth defense force, im so glad the decided to port this over to computer cause well, not sure if anyone plays the xbox 360 one anymore, i highly recommend this game, just dont get picky over how levels repeat its like that cause it does cost money to make new designed levels. 10/10"
,Recommended,410320,24417635,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,(erk) WHATTTTT,All you need to know is i ran into a battle with a giant hammer that left a giant crack in the earth which destoryed just about anything in it's path
,Recommended,410320,24417861,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Vuud,This is what video games are meant to be.
,Recommended,410320,24436395,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Exenteron Dementis,Like a b movie incarnate
,Recommended,410320,24434789,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Spicer Is Unbreakable,"Surprisingly, the PC controls are superior to controller controls on the XBox and PS3/4 versions. It also runs at a way better framerate. Really fun and addictive game."
,Recommended,410320,24402062,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Mighty T,(EDIT)Now that an unoffical patch has been released the game is now playable.And it is amazing.10 Giant insects out of 10Get the patch from this amazing userhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/410320/discussions/0/359543951711039341/
76561198036567375,Recommended,410320,24435817,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,magnus0073,"I rarely leave reviews, and have never left one after just a couple of hours of playing a game until now. The first Earth Defense Force was a really good game, and this one takes all the cool features from the first one and builds on it. Excellent  game that is well worth the money."
,Recommended,410320,24416670,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Tabbarn,"What can I say about this game?You fight huge aliens and robots. You never fight anything that is smaller than a house, and about a hundred of them at once. That is all you do, you shoot big aliens, but the thing is, it never gets repetitive. You are constantly unlocking new weapons, and there is lots of those.No story, no characters. The voice acting is not bad, its just badly written, its like ""Oh no, the big insects are attacking. Kill them!"" But there is so much stuff going on at the screen, you have no time to listen to what they are saying."
76561198043885511,Recommended,410320,24430947,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Kestril,"On PC there are no framerate issues and minimal, if not instant loadtimes. So if you are familliar with the game and wondering if the port is good, it is.If you like third-person arcade-shooters, I'd give this a ""must have"" rating because of just the mind-boggling amount of stuff that happens on-screen at once. Furthermore, the game constantly one-ups itself throughout the 80-something mission campain.  If you thought that one level was cool with the giant robot versus the dragon, well, just wait until the level with FIVE robots v.s. dragons.It doesn't get too boring either, as the different weapons and classes all lend themselves to very different playstyles which keeps things refreshing and new well into the game.  I recommend this game fully to anyone who has a passing interest in arcade shooting action."
,Recommended,410320,24431630,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Vuk,"I'm in the 6th mission on a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop and this game is already perfect.  I bought it for the coop alone and couldn't even hold my♥♥♥♥♥♥in long enough to keep from writing this review, until I tried the coop, but there's no need to.I played and own tonz of copies of Insect Armageddon and this one is every bit better then the first.  There's no point writting about the coop at this point because it's sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥gonna be even more epic then the single-player.I'll prob update the review once I experience the coop, but if the coop is anything like Insect Armaggedon (which is basically the single-player experience but with more people) then that's literally it, the same epic experience but with more people.  Playing on Hard difficulty actually feels hard, which is great.  Playing as a Lancer actually feels clunky, bulky and heavy.  I'm so glad they brought this back to PC.  Take my fkn money already.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUSl6Ckq0Gg10/10PS: Love the fact the devs allowed me to scale down to 640x480 or even lower if I wanted to.  So clutch for laptops since resolution has massive impact on frame-rate performance <3 The only reason I can even play right now <3"
76561198065206307,Recommended,410320,24513539,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mostly Dicks,if you don't already know what earth defense force is then it's about time you find out what earth defense force is.
76561197987200151,Recommended,410320,24513531,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,harpoonGun,"One of the most fun I've had in a game in a long long time. The co-op experience is great. Its a mix of everything from Starship Troopers, to Pacific Rim, to War of the Worlds, in a Dynasty Warriors styled package. Persuade some friends to get it, and have a blast."
,Recommended,410320,24515659,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Helmed,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe E.D.F. deploysOur soilders are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonettesThe E.D.F. deploysOur forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soup,The E.D.F. deploysTo take down giant insects who come from outer space,We head underground, for their path we must retrace,To find their giant nest and smash their queen's carapace,The E.D.F. deploysThe airforce and the navy were destroyed or cast about,Scouts, Rangers, Wing Divers have almost been wiped out,Despite all this the infantry will stubbornly hold out,The E.D.F. deploysOur friends were all killed yesterday as well our families,Today we might not make it facing these atrocities,We'll never drop our banner despite our casualties,The E.D.F. deploysTwo days ago my brother died next day my lover fell,Today most everyone was killed, on that we must not dwell,We will never leave the field we'll never say farewell,The E.D.F. deploysA legendary hero will soon lead us to glory,8 years ago he sunk the mothership says history,Tomorrow we will follow this brave soul to victory,The E.D.F. deploys"
,Recommended,410320,24515062,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Octocelot,If you hate spiders then this might be the game for you.EDF!
76561198021226900,Recommended,410320,30784867,Posted: 27 March,all,Smokezilla1,"Absolutely love this game.  Tons of giant enemies, tons of weapon options, and plenty of multiplayer fun. . . Throw in some huge maps with a plethora of loadout options over 4 classes and you have the recipe for a lot of fun.  Plenty of missions to play via 1-player or 2-player just add to the mix.  Very glad I finally broke over and picked this title up.  Think I've found a new game that I would consider a ""favorite"".  Buy this game!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24411520,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Pyrohamster,"EDF 4.1 is an interesting kind of game. Imagine the minds of Ishirō Honda, Tomoyuki Tanaka, and Eiji Tsuburaya (Respectively the director, producer, and special effects director of the original Toho Godzilla movies) if they had been able to come together to produce a video game on the same budget as their movies. Thats Earth Defence Force, the graphics arent top notch, the acting is cheesy, the scenarios are ridiculous, and all of it is fan ♥♥♥♥ing tastic.The game itself had a couple day/month 1 issues that prevented a sizable portion of the community from playing. One of which a fan patch was made for while we waited on the official fix. Other than that it's been a nonstop bug slaughter.I can say I heartily recommend this game if you know you would be a fan of the kind of B roll thrills budget movies can give ya. Though if you are on the fence, and don't know if it will be up your alley (watching videos on the game doesn't really give you the same feel as playing it yourself) you may consider waiting till a sale rolls around.Number systems on reviews aren't my style, but I've had a lot of good laughs in the game with my friends so far, and I've barely cracked the surface on harder modes."
,Recommended,410320,24715113,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MR. ASS,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, just pure, unadulterated fun. Also ♥♥♥♥ spiders."
76561198066740167,Recommended,410320,24715146,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,madcatmk12004,EDF!!!!!! EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,24726565,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ash,"AI: ""Giant insects. They're huge!""Killing them with bullets.AI: ""It's *working*.""Kinda sums up the game."
76561198013805103,Recommended,410320,24804848,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,spacebeets,"Great to finally see a Sandlot developed EDF on PC! I've spent hundreds of hours w/ this series since EDF 2017 on Xbox 360 and have loved every minute of it. With hundreds of levels and weapons, 5 difficulties, 4 classes, online mulitplayer... I'll be playing this till 5 comes out."
76561198049907608,Recommended,410320,24803442,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,VinDolphin,"Games just fun, dont expect a graphical masterpiece or a deep plot, but it's just a lot of fun"
,Recommended,410320,24783016,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,KON_Air,"""None of your friends have played this game recently. Tell them why they should.""If they are not suffering some phobia related to gaint incests, they are not my real friends."
,Recommended,410320,24532180,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Shmelnick,"I've played the PS4 version of this game and compared to the PC version,  I've noticed a lot better performance. I manage to slightly exceed the recommended requirements, and I have noticed drastic reduction of loading times, little to no frame rate drops, and slightly better graphics. As for the game itself, it gives you exactly as advertised: giant bugs, giant robots, giant everything. The story is simplistic and the voices are equivalent to a good bad movie, but the game play itself makes up for all of it.Some are experiencing freezes and even crashes, so I can only recommend this for this who meet or exceed recommended system requirements as just like the console version, it requires a lot of processing power to handle. Console was pushed to its limits in this game with its large amount of bugs, particles, and enough big explosions on one screen that will make Michael Bay cry in joy.If you like mindless fun killing giant creatures with weapons big and small and giant mechs, this is the game for you. Fun for all ages (ages 10+ though for minor blood effects). E-D-F!!!"
,Recommended,410320,24527643,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ChivalryCode,"This game is one that knows exactly what it wants to be. Campy B movie charm wrapped in a pile of explosions, and it delivers on that goal with flying colors. I haven't had this much fun with a game this silly since EDF 2017. Insect Armageddon was a mistake that forgot what made the games fun, silly non-stop action from start to finish.  So if you and your friends enjoy getting together and having a blast without having to care about extreme strategy, then roll up, grab a gun, and start shooting my friend."
,Recommended,410320,24527991,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Doomey,Punched godzilla to death with a giant mech. 10/10
,Recommended,410320,24528091,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Xelephis,"This game is so much fun! It's a bit janky but that's one reason its so great I feel like. It doesnt focus on being the perfect game, just a fun one, and it does a fantastic job at that! Highly recommend."
,Recommended,410320,24560535,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jeisonsan,Cheesy lame B grade movie awesomeness!!!!( ﾟДﾟ)Ooooooohhhhhhhhh!!!
,Recommended,410320,24512041,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Goldenstalion,Pure Cheeseball B-Movie Bliss.And that soundtrack.EDF!! EDF!!! EDF!!!
76561198063187371,Recommended,410320,24548118,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,REVIEW BRAH,"I love this game. But to some people, it would be repetative because you are just shooting."
76561197997617318,Recommended,410320,24506363,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Warmind,...THE EDF DEPLOYS!
,Recommended,410320,24506683,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,MasterJim,"We the EDF are fighting giant insects from outer space.We're going underground, for their path we must retrace.To find their giant nest and crush the queen's carapace!The EDF deploys!"
76561197982983421,Recommended,410320,24503829,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,dddude55,"It is important to note that this game has issues running on some pcs. It seems to be more common among amd graphics card users. I can get into the game and change settings and set my character up, but as soon as the game goes to load a level it crashes.The creators are aware of this issue and from what I understand are working on it. Once this issue is resolved I will change my review to be an actual review of the game. For now however, everyone should have fair warning that this game may not run at all for you."
76561198011716213,Recommended,410320,24503915,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,the10kan,"Lots of games let you shoot giant bugs and alien robots, sure, but ONLY EDF lets you shoot giant insects and alien robots while singing about it to the tune of The Battle Hymn of the Republic."
76561198042488326,Recommended,410320,24509928,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DrakelTheDragon,Very fun! Have had a lot of hilarious moments with a friend.
76561198041025965,Recommended,410320,24507331,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Telsore,Pick anime wiafu. See big bug. F_CK big bug in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Reallise life is now complete. 10/10 would commit insectality again.
76561198047746797,Recommended,410320,24763794,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,richemont,"killin bugs, gettin loot"
,Recommended,410320,24763811,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,thetuckintangerine,It's good and you should buy it.
,Recommended,410320,24764525,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Angry_Desu,"It's like living in a B movie. Only with more explosions.The script and voice acting is often odd - but where it would notmally come off as poor it instead just seems to add to the b-movie cheesiness of the whole 'man vs giant insect' setup.Some levels seem a little repetative, but this is offset somewhat by the almost constant aquisition of new weapons which you just can't help but want to try out in the next mission (though nine times out of ten you find they're really not suited to the next mission... ahah.)Definately reccomend this game for those looking to just blow everything that moves (and most of what doesn't) sky high  - mindless fun, but damn good mindless fun."
,Recommended,410320,24765187,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Duhforce,"This game can be summarized in the ""review"" video below. The voice acting, AI, comedy, mechanics, and overall quality are all experienced in the video. EDF! EDF!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vUD2iUr5To"
,Recommended,410320,25219210,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Invincible Nuka Cola,Love this game and does exactly what I wanted for the money I spent.Pros:-Getting to shoot spiders with missles-Burn spiders with flamethrowers-Melt spiders with acid filled super soakersCons:-Not enough ways to kill spiders...that I've found yet!
76561197995934325,Recommended,410320,26925691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Akizen,Anytime I Want to kill a few hours I load this up :D
,Recommended,410320,24408671,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Konachibi,"It has been seven years since the Ravagers attacked Earth.Thanks to the heroic actions of the elite Storm team, the mothership was destroyed, and humanity has used the alien technology to rebuild their great cities, and remove the last of the giant insects from the planet.But one day, the giant insects reappear, larger and stronger than before!You, as a member of Storm team, must face this new threat, using 4 different classes, with 800 different kinds of weaponry including giant laser guns, quad-barreled rocket launchers, 20mm artillery cannons and enormous robots, across a huge 100 missions featuring hundreds of thousands of enemies ranging from giant ants to godzilla monsters and dragons.Can the Earth be saved?  Will humanity be victorious?  And why do western developers keep making gritty realistic modern warfare shooters when wacky b-movie monster shooters are clearly more fun?"
,Recommended,410320,26930119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Japanese Debtor's Prison,"To save our Mother Earth from any alien attack!From vicious giant insects who have once again come back!We'll unleash all our forces, we won't cut them any slack!The EDF deploys!Our forces are prepared for any alien threats!The Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their jets!And nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetts!The EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup!The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group!We'd better kill these bugs before we're all turned to soup!The EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,26929208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CleverGato,Incredibly easy to pick up; hard to put down.  Shoot down bugs and robots alike to save the earth from the clutches of an evil alien armada bent on eliminating humanity! 100's of weapons available for each of the 4 classes available. Enlist in the EDF today!
,Recommended,410320,26922649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A.K.T.,"Destroy 10-foot-tall bugs, robots, and kaiju with 500-foot-tall mechs, anime girls in jetpacks, and super soldiers with rockets that can blow up entire city blocks. It's simple and rough around the edges, but it's got overwhelmingly positive reviews for a reason."
,Recommended,410320,26935133,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bisko,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forces we won't cut them any slackThe EDF deploys!Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threatsThe navy launches ships, the airforce send their jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonetsThe EDF deploys!Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroupThe enemy has multiplied and formed a massive groupWe better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soupThe EDF deploys!To take down giant insects who came from outer spaceWe now head underground for their path we must retraceAnd find their giant nest and crush the queen's carapaceThe EDF deploys!The airforce and the navy were destroyed or cast aboutScouts, Rangers, Wing Divers have almost been wiped outDespite all this the infantry will stubbornly hold outThe EDF deploys!Our friends were all killed yesterday as were our familiesToday we might not make it facing these atrocitiesWe'll never drop our banner despite our casualtiesThe EDF deploys!Two days ago my brother died next day my lover fellToday most everyone was killed on that we must not dwellBut we will never leave the field, we'll never say farewellThe EDF deploys!A legendary hero soon will lead us to gloryEight years ago he sunk the mothership as historyTomorrow we will follow this brave soul to victoryThe EDF deploys!"
76561197982989930,Recommended,410320,26979761,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,veecher,hundreds of hours of fun.
76561197984087684,Recommended,410320,26773120,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spardin,There are ANTS KILL THEM ALL etc
,Recommended,410320,26778578,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skeleton King,"The story is silly, the enemies die and ragdoll very satisfyingly, the guns are ridiculous as all get out and, it keeps me coming back for more again and again."
,Recommended,410320,26778072,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,╰★╮ Zebul,EPIC GAME!
,Recommended,410320,27001624,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Handyman,A must-have masterpiece
76561198162280520,Recommended,410320,27061838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deburg2001,Awsome
76561197969546299,Recommended,410320,27563019,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FOADmonkey,This game is best played with friends. Have lost multiple missions from accidently blowing my friends up and laughing uncontrollably.
,Recommended,410320,24420457,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Melancholy Robot,"I'm so happy a Sandlot developed EDF game has come to the PC.The last EDF game I got to play was EDF2017 on the Xbox 360.I quickly fell in love with that game. Many hours were spent playing it coopwith my brother- diagonal rolling, shooting giant ants, spiders, and robotsand collecting weapon drops trying to unlock the best weapons.Griefing eachother with ridiculously explosive grenades (that havea blast radius so large it's impossible to throw it without killing yourself).Leveling entire cities with rocket launchers.The game was pure fun.And now there's EDF 4.1, and it's 2017 but better in every way.No more frame rate drops - it's a constant smooth 60fps at 1440p.No more 2D sprites for weapon, health, and armor drops, they're 3D now and fit the environments much better.Graphics, while simple, look great. Particularly the lighting effects (eg. the flashlight actually matters in cave levels now).Great mouse and keyboard controls - shooting feels precise and smooth.More ridiculous weapons!Split screen Coop on PC!4-player online coop! I played for 2 hours in a full room and it ran without a hitch (note: I really like the way text chat is done during gameplay).4 classes with unique playstyles (whereas EDF2017 only had one class).It's the EDF I know and love, only more of it and in a smoother and more polished package.And I couldn't be happier. 10/10.Thanks for porting this, Sandlot!!"
,Recommended,410320,27699169,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tohru,Kill giant insects! Drive massive mechs! Sing songs! Save the day!
,Recommended,410320,27664681,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,a big herper,Best training to become an exterminator I've seen yet.
76561198143171220,Recommended,410320,27688202,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NitrousBIGB8,The most fun I had in a game in awhile!
76561198054416266,Recommended,410320,27692880,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,flyingmetalbug,DIE YOU BUGS!!!  DIIIIEEEEE!!!!!PS: buy this game!
76561198012547125,Recommended,410320,27850469,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,j.jamo5,This game after 1 hour has a thumbs up from me.
,Recommended,410320,27838172,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Admiral Snackbar,I got stuck in a web spanning buildings and had to use a chainsaw to free myself before a giant frog man barfed a laser beam at me.GOTY.
76561197971946183,Recommended,410320,24502425,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Quick Draw Macaw,The Earth is under attack and overrun by giant ants and giant robots.It also tapped your wife's @ss on the way.Are you just going to sit there and let it get away with it?Join the Earth Defense Force!And not only reclaim the Earth from those six legged/bipedal scum but take back your pride!If you did not enjoy this game then you are one or many things:*You are allergic to fun*You are an ant*You are Anthony Burch*All of the aboveIf you belong to any of the above then we here at EDF suggest you off yourself because you have tarnished your dignity and your family's honor. The Earth doesn't need you. Let alone the entire solar system.Maybe Uranus but who f*cking cares about them.It's not too late to enlist! Be a man or a (wo)man and join the fight against the Incetoid/alien/Robo horde!EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198050859889,Recommended,410320,24502651,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Chef Goldblum,"Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soup,The EDF deploys!10/10 would destroy entire cities before the Alien bugs do again"
,Recommended,410320,24496366,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Preyhamster,Do you want ants? Because this is how you get ants.
76561198142687168,Recommended,410320,24491834,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,andylaw281268,Feckin awesome offline or online!Better than ps4 version!Now where's the two mission packs? I need the siver spiders that drop x3 amour!!! gimme gimme!EDF! EDF!Buy buy buy!
,Recommended,410320,24499288,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,N.O.T.N.I.T.I,"One of EDF fans here.I used to play this series  when I was man years ago with my cousins on PS2, and now it came to PC with EPIC COME BACK!!Mouse support is very smooth that it take other ported games to shame! and also controller support for original player.Story? simple your earth was invaded by aliens and giant insects, your job is to blow up the cities to stop them from blow up your world!Graphic of this game might not high-end but you might think again when you see many prop and many effectAnd finally, BUY THIS GAME!! It's what happaned when Michel Bay directed musou game and inspired by serious sam and monster hunter!In the end I rate this game:Story: 5/10Gameplay: 9/10 it give you the feel of war but misson lenght is not well balanced some are short some are longMusic: 7/10 if you count the sound of blow up as sound effectReplayability: 7/10 if you want to collect all loot (with more than 800) and to complete all missions in all difficulty and classes"
76561198043493247,Recommended,410320,24471887,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BlazinAce,I came to fight giant insects with weapons of mass destruction and mechs. I got what I asked for. I'm happy.
76561198074422396,Recommended,410320,24492547,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Yang Xiao Long,"10/10 I'm so addicted to this game there tons of weapon to farm that is the best thing about this game, to try them all! and Air Raider are the best!! haha"
76561197990487562,Recommended,410320,24492953,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,dusty_giersdorf,"""We're gonna squash you insect ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"" -Charlie 7's famous last words, before being ripped apart by a giant ant...10/10 would send the EDF flag to Charlie 7's mother again :)"
,Recommended,410320,24491165,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,KaitaSilver,EDF! EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,24609114,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ara,Buy it already!
,Recommended,410320,24536010,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MITODABADEE,+EDF 2025 for the PC-No subwoofer output when in-game for explosions etc...
,Recommended,410320,24617366,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Klayboxx,It's very fun shooting giant bugs
,Recommended,410320,24642141,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Big Pancake Mcdichael,Please buy this game.PLEASEBuy this game.
76561198095064802,Recommended,410320,24634552,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,heriheto,Earth Defense Force? More like Earth Demolition Force!
76561198011235917,Recommended,410320,24664284,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Tam Kay Chi,Good old fun
,Recommended,410320,24554512,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,KinLaLa,"This game has only two problem1) Underground is very dark and make me sick2) The vehicle from AR is terrible in controlling, expecially the crawler and heli.It is bad comparing to any vehicle driving games normally.If the control is user-friendly, it wil be much better in underground since AR crawler has a more powerful lighting,BUT now if your crawler is hanging to any place (wall, ceiling, etc), you will know the controlling problem."
,Recommended,410320,24602221,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tachiru,"One of the few games where spamming vocal cues is welcomed.I mean, nothing sounds more satisfying that a bunch of guys (Wing Divers don't sing it in English, I don't know if they do in Japanese) singing an anthem after blowing up anything that's remotely near an alien.Or just shouting their organization initials.A lot.I mean that's all you need to know about the game.A bunch of people repetedly shouting their organizations' initials in different inflections even though they're the technically the same.And shooting anything alien-like like large insects or robots or (not) Godzilla.With a plethora of guns. At least it would be if they didn't get outclassed based on difficulty.It's just mindless fun at the end of the day. And that's what makes it good. If you can decide to not think and shoot anything. And spam EDF. A lot."
76561197993715865,Recommended,410320,24598248,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,The_Pike,"This is a game that delivers a lot of fun - massive maps, HUGE enemies, hordes that make even zombies wince and enough weapons to have you fiddeling like a teenager. Few PC patches/updates and this game will be a classic!"
,Recommended,410320,24599793,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Nocte,Boom! Michael Bay! Explosions! EDF! Insects! Lizards! Giant Robot!Did I forgot to mention Explosions?10/10 would blow everything up again and again
76561198069647227,Recommended,410320,24599925,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Q'linh Jenx,Really fun game. The splitscreen multiplayer is a great boon when playing with my nephews.
,Recommended,410320,24447965,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ferrio,"Bought this game with no previous experience of the series, and my only knowledge was some forum posts saying it was an amazing game.Hopped online and joined a lobby with little trouble.1st level played:  ""Wtf is this mess.""20th level played: ""EDF! EDF!"""
76561198018586514,Recommended,410320,24476949,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,PoorYorick,"I played EDF Insect Armageddon when it came out on Steam and to be frank, it was fun but nothing to write home about.""The Shadow of New Despair"" IS.IA had the issue of being too much of a Military Shooter with some insects in it. This game avoids this trap by making even the common Ranger capable of destroying the environment through rolling, adds the right mobility to non-Fencer classes and makes blowing up in a thousand ways a lot of fun.And that is only the single player. Go online and blast away. Double fun if you find some people on the mic.EDF! EDF! EDF!Worth full price, so get it while its on sale"
76561198018806908,Recommended,410320,24563986,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,mcynowa,"I usually don't like shooters, but this game is crazy fun.  Swarms of aliens with satisfying weapons.  I hate spiders, but I get to kill them with missiles, grenades, plasma bombs, claymores, tanks, etc.  I might buy this game for my children so they can kill spiders with me...."
76561198027506023,Recommended,410320,24564746,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Guardian,"Destructible environments, hundreds and hundreds of weapons, enemies galore and 4 person co-op, and here I thought nothing good was going to be coming out during the second half of 2016."
,Recommended,410320,24562143,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Wrenn,This game is ridiculously good.
,Recommended,410320,24562671,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Draconix,"Lots of explosions, lots of gear to unlock, many hours of play, and multiple characters to play through with. This game takes quite a bit of time to play through. I have only done a little over half of the missions on normal and some on hard with just the ranger (thats 1 of 4 classes). Multiplay has even more missions than the solo game. Each difficulty will give you better, more powerful, crazy weapons to cause mass distruction with.  Each class has its own unique gameplay.-Rangers are the basic ground troop, best class to start with to learn the game. Their weapons consists of rifel, shotguns, and rocket launchers.-Fencer is the melee/tank class. The deliver destructive close combat damage and heavy weapon support. Chain guns, cannons, shields, melee weapons and rocket launchers are their weapons.-Wing diver is the fast flying class. They have little armor, but can engage enemies from above the battle field. High explosive plasma weapons, sniper rifles, and close quarter energy lances are their weapons of choice.-Air raider is the support class. This is a co-op recomended class cause their abilities come from your team killing the enemies. They can call in airstrikes and other support attacks. They can also get vehicles air dropped in that they and the rangers can drive.All in all this is a fun frantic game. I see myself playing with all the characters through multiple play throughs.10/10"
,Recommended,410320,24565593,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Olimar,Game of the year.
76561198216690013,Recommended,410320,24566003,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,"Tiny ""The Rock"" Johnson",best way to get over arachnophobia 10/10 over 2k hours on earth defense force 2025 on the xbox and still love this game
,Recommended,410320,24523375,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Angels Sword,"Fun game, B Movie classic with everything that should be expected of it.WARNING, AMD CPU's and GPU's have issues, fan patches are available."
,Recommended,410320,24508942,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,FunkOff,"Earth Defense Force 4.1 is the best soldier-versus-insect combat game ever made.  Great combat, coop, localization, action, etc.  A fantastic game 10/10"
,Recommended,410320,24592096,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ciphyr,Probably one of the most satisfying games I've ever played.
76561198043121160,Recommended,410320,24576954,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,hou.jack,Worth having
76561198039403329,Recommended,410320,24579684,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,boneknocker,"this game offer what good shooting game should have, where many big budget games today rarely have."
,Recommended,410320,24567609,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ChickenHeart,"Earth Defense Force 4.1 is chock full of hardware issues, ugly graphics, repetitive gameplay, and features a very obtuse multiplayer lobby system.It is also chock full of the most city-destroying fun I've had with friends in a good while. And the corny, oddly-translated dialogue is pure gold. So if you must ask yourself, ""Why should I join the EDF?"" know that the answer lies not in researching steam reviews or gameplay videos, but in your heart.BTW the answer is ""I DON'T KNOW; FOR SOME REASON!!!"""
,Recommended,410320,24566980,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Etherealieumcalamity,"I originally played earth defense force 2017 on the xbox 360 and was excited to see how impressive this game would be on the PC (refering to 4.1). This game is simply amazing in all ways (graphics, gameplay, mechanics, weapons, and framerate improvement)1 thing:Play 2017 first before playing this one (2025 sort of is the same game as this perhaps changed though) it will make you feel more amazed at how this game is with the 2017 and 2025. I've waited 6-7 years for another earth defense game to be on the pc and this is the first time i'm seeing this with full support of pc hardware and software.10/10 instant, Highly recommend any EDF game besides insect arm. on the PC for how awesome it is"
,Recommended,410320,24567436,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,The Jaredasaurus,"I have never played anything like it. Exept for EDF Insect Armagedon, but this one is way better."
76561198081776364,Recommended,410320,24568232,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,MeatyBor,"Blow giant insects up! Watch giant robots spaz out when you shoot them! Listen to your teammates and headquarters say the most idiotic stuff then proceed to take all that frustration out on even bigger insects, robots and aliens! 10/10 would blow up that city again."
,Recommended,410320,24569913,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv/atsumi_warrior,"To save our Mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe’ll unleash all our forcesWe won’t cut them any slackThe E.D.F. deploys!This game has alot of bugs, but not once did i encounter a bug.The only thing that upsets me is no Windowed Fullscreen, but i can't hate on a japanese dev team for not including that, since 99% don't anyway.Took me 20 hours to beat the game, ""On one character"" Time to do the rest!"
76561198040333156,Recommended,410320,24566330,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,WTF IS THIS?,Good Game.
,Recommended,410320,24588918,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,BFT9000,Wanton destruction on a massive scale. And that's just level 1.
76561197996002534,Recommended,410320,24485060,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,kornjerker,darn good
,Recommended,410320,24485529,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Outlaw Gene,"Phenominal game (no pun intended). The graphics options are pretty threadbare. AA, AF and shadows on or off.Co-op is an absolute blast and the cheese-laden voice acting just fits it so well.The game could do with some minor impovements for vehicle controls and the ui has no cursor, but uses the mouse movement.8.5/10 - Just great fun and worth the entry price."
,Recommended,410320,24522933,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,LegendaryVegan,"In brief: EDF is a great series of dumb action games. For those familiar, this is an updated version of EDF 2025. For the uninitiated: shoot unlimited bullets at nearly unlimited aliens, four classes that play very differently, five difficulties, 80+ missions, hundreds of guns, adorably cheesy b-movie dialogue, and it's got co-op."
,Recommended,410320,24521150,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rye,"EARTH DEFENSE FORCE AT A PLAYABLE FRAMERATE, HOLY HECK!"
76561198124217399,Recommended,410320,24525522,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,DombaTercyduc,"You and your friend versus a gigantic alien ants?? I tell ya, dude, it's fokin awesome!!!."
,Recommended,410320,24525550,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Tesla,"Finally EDF on PChighly recommend to buy itIf you have play this in console, then you must get one.Tons of missions and difficulty, 4 classes and loads of weapons"
,Recommended,410320,24530264,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,legend_of_drag,"This is the third system I've bought this game for. Even if you've played this on another system, it's 100% worth it to play it at a framerate that isn't in the single digits."
,Recommended,410320,24500265,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ritch,"Great fun,Likes:Tons of weaponsAddictive weapon crate mechanic4 completely diffrent ClassesGreat MultiplayerDislikes:Levels can get repetitive near the end due to lack of objective diversity"
76561198028184893,Recommended,410320,24487325,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,WiFi_nally,Does what it says.  Would die in napalm strike on giant robos again.  10/10
76561198055211643,Recommended,410320,24487477,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,iComfy,Very Very fun game!! all I can say is Pew Pew Pew.. and EDF!!!I dunno what's the deal with AMD processors? but It runs perfectly on my AMD FX 6300 and Nvidia GTX 970
76561197974942868,Recommended,410320,24487737,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Blaze,"This game is just stupid fun. It's not meant to be taken seriously and it definitely shouldn't be.Show up, Blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, kill bugs, have a good time.up to 4 player online co-op, also has a split screen option as odd as it is on the PC.This game understands that sometimes the best games, don't mean amazing cutting edge graphics or emotional feels. Sometimes a game is welcome to just be an absurd action fest.This game makes Michael Bay look tame.Get it, play it, and fall in love with it's mix of corny B movie disaster shenanigans and enjoyable 3rd person shooting spectacle.Mecha- CheckPowered Exo suits- CheckGiant Godzilla monsters - CheckCrazy babes flying around in armor bikinis dropping plasma on fools - CheckExplosions, Blowing up Cities, Chaos... It's one big party, and everyone is invited."
,Recommended,410320,24520295,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jeff Winterbone,"This game is great! But, if your PC spec is in the minimum requirements, expect a lot of impatient high-spec PC people quitting after like 15 seconds into the loading screen. Happens to me often, a lot of you might have a gaming PC that meet the recommend specs, but show some mercy to those who are playing with the minimum specs. Seriously 15 seconds? Can't you wait for like a minute?"
,Recommended,410320,24520884,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jackie Ban,It's like Australia with guns
,Recommended,410320,24521712,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,kebosangar,"This game is the very definition of ""Stupid fun""."
76561198038673354,Recommended,410320,24411782,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Fietta♔,It's a good game :)
,Recommended,410320,24414787,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Toby,"Lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of aliens to kill. We need all the help we can get. Oh god I can't see the sun anymore, only aliens."
76561198040495310,Recommended,410320,24415616,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,LordBritishLP,"This game is pure simple fun, I will admit I am biased when it comes to this game, as I have played Earth Defense Force 2017, Global Defense Force, Earth Defence Force Insect Armageddon, and Earth Defence Force 2025. This game is just a remastered 2025, with extra missions, weapons, vercles and better framerate, however I'm finding the port pretty good. I've had little to no problems thus far, and would reccomend buying this now while it's on sale as you will get your moneys worth out of this game. The keyboard controls work really well, and I'm able to much quicker then the console versions, which is making the game much more enjoyable. The only problems so far is I just got done playing online co-op with a friend for 7 hours, and the the connection dropped 3 times in that time period, but only in the pre mission load up, which was not much of a problem, as it was just a case of making the lobby again. I have no problem reccomending this to people who enjoy simple arcade shooter fun. Say it with me guys EDF EDF EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,24405727,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Fishsticks,"First off I have logged over 100 hours in the Xbox360 version of EDF2025 and the updated PS4 V4.1 and let me tell you... the game is of course AMAZING but more imporantly we recieved an excellent port job.  Great job devs!!!+Excellent mouse and keyboard controlls with no signs of mouse acceleration+Solid 60 fps in almost all scenarios.  A couple drops to around 30fps when a hundred enemies are on screen while multiple buildings are falling and artillery is dropping.  It is extremely rare and only last for a few seconds.  99% of the time you are running at 60fps!+Excellent network code and great coop play just like the 360/PS4 versions+Planned modding!!An excellent job but there are a few negative areas as well:-no real mouse control in menus-only a few video options for fine tuning-no push to talk voipHopefully these few items can be corrected.  Again, it's simply amazing to be playing EDFV4.1 on a PC with mouse and keyboard support and a solid 60fps.  Get this game if you at all love the idea of literally fighting hundreds of giant ants, spiders, and robots with friends both online and on the couch!!My system specs are I7 2600k 3.7 /  970GTX / 8Gig RAM"
,Recommended,410320,24412250,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Noise,"It's an amazingly good title, I played 2025 for 400-500 hours on console.Nice, fun shooter, with a great co-op function and hundreds of fun, variated weapons.Just... don't take it very seriously, it gets goofy and frustrating if you try to maximize it.More than a shooter, it's a goofy game about nuking aliens and bugs that you can play with friends, and has an entertaining grinding system with so many weapons available. (RNG, think of titles like Diablo)It can also be difficult, but as I mentioned before, try not to take the difficulty too seriously."
76561198001260526,Recommended,410320,24401814,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,|TGMB|Marksman802,"One of my all time favorite games finally comes to the PC by the pros at Sandlot who know how to keep a game consistant while not being boring in the slightest since the playstation 1!. EDF is one of the only games i could replay many times and never get bored. Listen to me when i say this is one of the greatest game series of ALL TIME. I have been playing for 9 years.Pros:Burning, Smashing, Slashing, Blowing up, Shooting, Artillery, Vehicles, Lazer guided missles, crazy end-game weapons and so much more mayhem than you could ever imagine.Endless replay valueCountless and diverse weapons4 Diverse classes with their own unique play-styles and weaponryVery simple, yet incredibly challenging and in some cases on Inferno strategy is a must.There is so many positive things about this game you cannot list them all..BUY IT NOWCons:You will no longer have any free time as you will be saving earth from hoards of insects and robots.Lack of sleepStarvationTips:Start on hard - you will find much better weapons, and in all honesty its not that much more difficult then normal.STAY MOVING - when being overwhelmed it is critical to continue to ROLL and evade, engage when safe.Rolling is single handly the most important aspect of Ranger/Air Raider gameplay, not only is it faster but will kep you safe as i said.Fencer can move at incredible speeds with certain weapons that utilize dash.Find an easy level to farm, the higher level and difficulty the better.Collect every last armor and weapon crateThink about where you are engaging the enemy, don't walk into a death trap. Make a plan and devise a strategy.^(On Hardest, Inferno)^Lysander sniper rifles are life - End game Lysanders are best used in pairs giving much higher rate of fireImpacts stun enemies, high rate of fire weapons are great at tickling them!Attack enemy drop ships weakpoint when the bay opens.Governor shotguns are great for anti-air swarms.Stingray and Volcano Rocket Launchers kick♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,410320,24401896,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Demo Man_ace,"there is nothing like this game. very refreshing to have something like this to play. all the cheesy voice acting just adds to the character of the game, and the scale is something you have a hard time finding anywhere else. just dumb fun is what it really boils down to which it never gets tiring to see 100+ ants fly around cause you dropped the biggest missle you have in the middle of them. must own if you like big explosions and even bigger enemys with even bigger explosions!"
,Recommended,410320,24402114,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Saitama,"This game is just so ridiculously fun. It never gets repetitive because there's always something new coming your way, not to mention tons of weapons.Also a surprisingly good port with very few framerate dips. Thank you devs for bringing this to PC the right way. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,410320,24402176,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,MrMaynard,"The EDF series will always be known to be cheesy and cheap looking, but dont judge a cover by its book.EDF 4.1 is incredibly good! This is one hellva Run and Gun game to play! Mow Down Insects, Aliens, Robots, and Kaijus.. while shouting EDF and singing the Battle Theme. Tons of weapons, and also 4 classes to try out!Very surprised to see how well it works on my PC setup, solid 60FPS at 1920x1200 with FX8350 and R9 280 Sapphire 3GB Card.Now to make the game better, get some of your friends and have them get it too to play Co Op online or snag a friend and play it locally on one PC!Highly Approve!! #doingmypart"
,Recommended,410320,24402349,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Techstepz,"60FPS Constant, 3440x1440 21:9 support, Perfect and practical KB/M ControlsIts a basic port but it works absolutely fine, So 10/10EDF!!!!!"
76561198077508636,Recommended,410320,24402358,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Knight Nacho-51,Our forces have now dwindled and we pulled back to regroup.The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group.We better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soup.THE EDF DEPLOYS!!!!But seriously EDF 4.1 is the best game I've played this year. 10/10
,Recommended,410320,25763112,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,OOM-911,"This game is just plane up CRAZY!!!Overpowered weapons, and vehicles?And what do you get to do?-Blow up giant bugs-Blow up alien ships, and mechs-Fight Dragons (Cause why not.)-Kill Godzilla-And even fight The sky of all things.Great pass time game, that doesn't take itself to seriously and knows that things are ridiculos... But RIDICULOSLY FUN!!!"
,Recommended,410320,27196974,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DicksGuy,This game is so more than the sum of it's parts.
76561198006221062,Recommended,410320,25055310,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Gundies,"Pros:Co-op Awesomeness.4 Unique classes to play as.Per level difficulty levels to fit exactly how easy or masochistic you want to play.Punch not godzilla in the face with a giant mech, and make it a goal to punch all the other enemies in the face too!Cons:Single player is kinda boring, don't play alone.If you have archnophoba don't even think of playing this."
,Recommended,410320,24864632,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,InspectorBean,"This is the best game.  Period. Citchy, explosive, lots of guns it's like Borderlands and and a bad RTS had a love child.Only gripe is the sound only works when on certain outputs."
,Recommended,410320,25041685,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,InvaderZim,"This game is a bit let down by the engine. I'd also expect more of a boom when a giant spider falls from a skyscraper but it just collapses silently like its made of paper. Only select buildings and items are destructable, I've seen glass windows shrug off direct missile impacts. The graphics also look a bit dated, more like like a last generation console game.Still, its a fun shooter, in a Serious Sam or Painkiller kind of way."
,Recommended,410320,24971399,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MSM-07E Z'Gok-E Edea Custom,"Fantastic Game. The feel of the scale alone gets me really into it, the controls are great, the mouse + keyboard works fine. If you LOVE The feel of the movie Starship Troopers or Love classic Kaiju series and wonder what it would be like being the Tokyo military waiting for Ultraman or Godzilla to save the day, this is your game!"
,Recommended,410320,24445002,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,DaiVader,"What can I say, I'm absolutely enjoying this game more than any other I've purchased in a while, nothing quite beats crushing armies of insects while being a winged chick with laser weaponry.Also EDF EDF EDF EDF!"
76561198046055345,Recommended,410320,24966861,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Jugernaut,Pretty Sweet...AI scripts could use some fixing (repetitive) but its fun.
,Recommended,410320,26375794,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,aac013,"Great time with friends, and fantastic sense of comedy. There is a lot of game in to get through, but it is easy to pick up and play."
76561198042201307,Recommended,410320,26226095,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Godly BaRnacial,This game is a very good time waster. Later it turns into a grind but a very fun one that I don't mind throwing hours into every now and again.
76561197983681400,Recommended,410320,26223854,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,mwebby,"mindess slaughter at its besthuge campain ,grab it if its on sale"
,Recommended,410320,27537299,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shuppo Shu,This game is mindless fun and  a shooter of pure madness very often. Excellent PC port with steady 60 fps and  online co-op multiplayer !Join the EDF now !!!
,Recommended,410320,27994903,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Faxen,"Best split screen coop game I have ever gotten. Loads of fun, and lots to do."
76561198116713031,Recommended,410320,27874170,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tuxedo Mask,EEEEDDDDDFFFFIts Great
,Recommended,410320,27871878,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kroon,Graphics: lolGameplay: fun
76561198045998974,Recommended,410320,27789875,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,K R E L L,"Got to pilot a building-sized mecha and punch Godzilla in the face, would recommend."
,Recommended,410320,27859630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Malenko J,Best game made about stopping a giant insect/alien force invading earth!
,Recommended,410320,27931508,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jenna,"It's a cheesy scifi game with giant explosions about killing aliens, and it has split screen coop.  What more do you need to know?"
,Recommended,410320,27302484,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hurricane,where did the city go?
76561197980405312,Recommended,410320,27247577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nethersquirrel,"Great game for some laid back mindless fun.  Run around fighting giant insects and aliens while chanting ""EDF!"" and singing songs with your squad."
,Recommended,410320,27279881,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PrepH,"It was the day giant insects, aliens, and not Godzilla invaded the Earth. But for me, it was Tuesday."
,Recommended,410320,24608084,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Conde Chocula,"The definition of pure fun in a game, you just have to hop in and kill some giant ants, giant spiders, giant robots, giant godzillas...Playing solo is fun, but getting a couple of friends gets it to another level. Being able to bring different classes and coordinate while playing at higher difficulties.10/10. Would get bitten and shacken viciously by a giant ant again and again. :D"
,Recommended,410320,27278980,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Beat,"I have no idea what the plot is, what's going on, where I am or what the meaning of anything is on this game. But blowing up thousands of giant bugs is never a bad thing."
,Recommended,410320,27413325,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Losertrotsky,EDFEDFEDFSMASH THE BUGSEDFEDFEDF
76561197999089661,Recommended,410320,27406646,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Captain Yankee,Has:Giant insectsGiant Robots100's of unlockable weapons (and vehicles!)4 player co-op (2 player local)Increasing DifficultyHilarious VAHas Not:Meaningful Plot
76561198096030798,Recommended,410320,26942590,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Filthy Acts at a ReasonablePrice,The EDF Deploys!!!
76561198020678913,Recommended,410320,26945141,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Red Shadow,"Our forces have now dwindled and we pull back to regroup,The enemy has multiplied and formed a massive group,We better beat these bugs before we're all turned to soup,The EDF deploys!"
,Recommended,410320,26933371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CC,E D F! E D F! E D F! E D F!by far the best b-movie video game; bring friends
,Recommended,410320,26863498,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Simulacrat,"Best B-Game ever. Pure fun, and filled with hokey, scrappy charm.EDF Banzai!"
,Recommended,410320,26880545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Viking,What other game lets you punch Godzilla with a mech while your friend is busy leveling entire city blocks with hilariously overpowered rocket launchers?
,Recommended,410320,26954389,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sherman,If the avengers were Japanese and had a lot more giant bugs and guns
76561198012569100,Recommended,410320,26951456,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yari,FOR THE PRIDE OF EDF
,Recommended,410320,26825946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SeaSenpai,I love The song :3
,Recommended,410320,26818899,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grim_2o0o,Are you sure you're a patriot? Are you a fighter? Do you love your world?WELL THEN JOIN THE EARTH DEFENSE FORCE AND FIGHT THOSE GIANT INSECTS AND GRENADE YOUR OWN TEAMMATES CAUSE WHY THE HECK NOT
76561198025543310,Recommended,410320,26989455,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Driana Efolle,"I have an innate fear/hatred of ants...  this game is the ultimate therapy for me.  Shoot ants with guns.  Shoot them with lasers.  Blow them up with rockets.  Hurl rocket lasers at them.  Summon giant robots to squish them.  Destroy everything in your path, even buildings, just to kill that one last wretched ant...  totally worth it."
,Recommended,410320,26984161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RandomMarine,"You get to shoot bugs and stuff.Avoid the weapon DLC, they're worthless. Get the mission DLC if you're not a casual."
,Recommended,410320,26984527,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Einslight,Best City Landscaping Simulator out there!
76561198004927612,Recommended,410320,26980755,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain Buck,EDF  EDF EDF EDF!!!
,Recommended,410320,24527042,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Maravin,EDF! EDF! EDF!
76561198047382771,Recommended,410320,24420716,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Prof.Paradox,"Do you hate insects, robot and aliens ? do you love destroying buildings whit explosions? do you like explosion? Do you love singing whit fellow ranger soldier while killing insects ? Well then join EDF today!!! What are you waiting for it's time to defend mother earth EDF!!!!!!"
76561198031025887,Recommended,410320,24529802,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Highway,A good port of a good game.
76561198019425376,Recommended,410320,24601480,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lopetno,"Writing a review for this game is like trying to tell you why the chainsaw is an awesome, mindless, and messy weapon. The game is set in the ""save the world"" genre of games, and an excuse of a plot in it. There are plot holes, and there is some bad ai chat, but what sets this game from the rest and why it is fun, is the mindless yet intense battles that happen in it. Each mission is literally kill all of the things, and that's it. Each weapon can be useful in their own rights, in each class, which are all also useful in certain situations. And the loot system urges you to kill and get into the thick of it in order to get good rewards. And i refuse to go any furhter into this review, otherwise I would be over-analyzing the game. It's fun with friends, it's a good pass time, if you like to kill things, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,410320,24593124,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Vincent Magnus,I defended the city by blowing up the city.This game is like a shot of liquid bliss straight the the veins. Pure fun.50/10 best game ever.
,Recommended,410320,24601609,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Stabilizedz,"The game will seem like mindless fun at first glance, but it requires more strategy than it lets on, especially on higher difficulties. Im basing myself on the countless hours I've spent on level 27 Crimson, level 31, level 41 and many others. Those hours held  much frustration, but also juvelation when you find the right strategy to succeed and reap the  rewards (high-powered weapons). I like to think of this game as B-movie themed third-person ARPG with more depth. Indeed, it has:-The length: By the time of this review, I'm 27 hours in and Ive barely succeeded a third of the levels.-The classes: There are 4 classes with very different play styles and difficulties.-The build-up: Your class gets better equipment as you play. But so do the enemies.-The action: Explosions! Explosions  everywhere!The price is a little steep for my taste. But you could say they've cornered the market with this kind of game."
,Recommended,410320,26981898,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Realnoize,"Guns. Giant Bugs. Many, many giant bugs. Tons of giany bigs. On screen. At once.  Destroyable environments. Bad and hilarious voice acting. This is the best f-ing game ever. Turn your brain off, grab your weapons, and mow through hundreds and hundreds of ennemies. Simple fun. Awesome fun. Go buy this. Now."
76561198010274539,Recommended,410320,27005647,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,King0fclubs,"I went into this with low expectations. It seemed like the kind of thing you might find in a bargain bin at Walmart and buy out of boredom and forget next week. As I started playing I didn't think I was to far off. The first level loads up and nothing looks too well built. The models and UI looked a few generations old and the screaming civilians didn't inspire much confidence in my purchase.Then there were ants. In mere moments, I went from a harsh critic looking for every small issue to a giggling 12 year old who values fun above everything else. The more I played, more completely ridiculous weapons were unlocked, more ludicrous scenarios were laid before me and above all more fun was had.  The NPC dialogue randomly cycles in the most perfectly hilarious ways and you have an insane amount of options for communicating with them. The story is campy, the enemies are goofy but challenging. It's like playing Starship Troopers.EDF isn't well put together and isn't going to win any awards for story. But when it comes to fun, EDF delivers big time!"
76561197979705736,Recommended,410320,27043323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Biub,Buy it just for the level where you fight a kaiju in a giant mech by punching it in the face.  10/10 Better than Pacific Rim.
,Recommended,410320,27035594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Space Ghost,This game will suck you into the grind and soon have you chanting EDF
76561198007904398,Recommended,410320,27039105,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JoeSudley,"EDF! EDF! EDF!Giant robots punch giant lizards while dragons, giant spiders, and giant ants swarm everywhere."
,Recommended,410320,27027288,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Organicbeing,"Once you pick it up, you won't want to stop. A game that initially makes you wonder what you're getting into, only to realize that no matter how intense it becomes, the next mission will somehow manage to surpass that."
76561197991698713,Recommended,410320,26937993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CalCD,"EDF 4.1 is not a game for people who care about complex storylines, deep characters, good graphics, advanced enemy AI or gameplay that doesn't involve shooting monsters that look as though they just came off the set of a B movie with weapons that make a Michael Bay movie look tame in comparison. It's dumb, but it happens to know that it's dumb, and it plays off the bad sci-fi movie aesthetic so well that you can't help but get engaged. Whilst it gets repetitive at times, and grinding for more health and weapons can be a chore at higher difficulties, it doesn't end up being a detriment to the core gameplay. Pure joy in videogame form."
,Recommended,410320,26907411,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Habees,"If you like giant insects, huge spaceships and would like to defend mother earth from an alien attack... this is the game for you."
,Recommended,410320,26911137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Garudun,"Do you have an intense hatred of insects? Could that hatred be put to use if said insects were giant, if so then you may be suited for the EDF!This game is a lot of fun, you fight hordes of giant insects (among other things) as one of four classes with huge numbers of weapons at your disposal. The first level starts with you killing literally hundreds of giant ants and it only gets more crazy from there. Also the voice acting is deliberately terrible but it fits the game perfectly, it's like playing an old B movie.It's certainly worth the price as long as you dont expect a super serious story and top tier graphics, and it is even more fun if you can get some friends together for some multiplayer (I would avoid random lobbies for now as some hackers may mess up your character progression). If nothing else check out some videos online to see the utter ridiculousness of this game."
76561198004677410,Recommended,410320,32848415,Posted: 27 June,all,jamesalfred,Things I've learned from this game:- Civilians are merely collateral damage- You're practically much more destructive than the alien themselves- Those EDF soldiers? They're not your colleagues. They're Bantha fodders- This game can basically cure you from your arachnophobia.... or turn you into oneAll in all a hectic third person shooter that gets even more hillarious when you played it with friends. 10/10
,Recommended,410320,32848354,Posted: 27 June,all,Denmon,Honestly i only bought the game because i want the wing diver background but other than that the game is solid.
,Recommended,410320,32901712,Posted: 27 June,all,Calamity,"Game is fun all said and done. Destory things, kill bugs, shoot your friends. Yeah worth the buy."
,Recommended,410320,32663758,Posted: 22 June,all,Skeltis,"Its everything you loved about EDF 2017!  Poor, hilarious voiceovers and dialog, ridiculous amounts of exploding buildings, giant ant corpses being flung into your face like a rag doll (and causing you to rocket kill yourself!).  This is a great waste of time, I only have 5 minutes better try and save the world game.  I never dreamed to would go back to the older style, but I always hoped.  And here it is!"
,Recommended,410320,27663604,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BlueBomber,Its good I guess.
,Recommended,410320,32828714,Posted: 26 June,all,Joji,ya know.. just sitting here playing this dank game. i felt like a big boy and i didn't need mommy during the first 20 missions or so and then suddenly a big blocky guy called Tyquess decided to put a plastic bag above my head during fighting a horde of BUGS!! GIANT BUGS!!Otherwise... i still don't need my mommy :'(20/2 would run to mommy again
,Recommended,410320,32819099,Posted: 26 June,all,phatbhuda,"Is Earth Defense Force 4.1 The Shadow of New Despair fun? Definitely! Is it a good port to PC from console? Nope!The game functions perfectly well but there has been no care taken to adapt the interface or even flow of the game menus to use on a computer.When you launch the game, it says to press a button to start. Depending on the button you press, it'll decide that you're using controller or mouse and keyboard. Naturally I clicked my mouse button and was told I was using mouse and keyboard.After that I was temporarily at a loss of what to do next. I wasn't given a mouse cursor and my scroll wheel didn't change menu options. Instead it mapped my mouse movements of up and down to changing menu options. The rest of the game interface works the same way: left and right to change quantities in an option setting, left mouse button to select, right mouse button to go back.In the actual game, things get better. Scroll wheel changes between active weapons, you can change key bindings for controls, etc. One criticism of the gameplay is that there's little visual or audio feedback for when a weapon is ready to fire again. I'm not talking about reloading, that's clear. Instead, I'm talking about the time between shots.An aspect of the poor adaptation to PC does show up while playing. Say you're in the middle of playing single player and a friend comes online and wants to play multi-player. They can send you a Steam invite, which is great. When you accept the invitation is when things get funny. It exits you out of the single player game and takes you back to the start screen after preparing you for multiplayer. You then enter the game again through the starting procedure: press a key, choose profile, etc. Then it sends you to the multiplayer room.Anyway, the game is fantastic fun, especially with friends (either 2 player local or 4 player online). There's stuff to unlock, the loot boxes are for the entire team. That way you don't have to worry about ""ninja looting"".I know I talked a lot about the interface issues but really, you spend a lot more time in the game than you do in the menus :)"
,Recommended,410320,32785971,Posted: 25 June,all,Lentil - こころ,"Giant Insects, Titans, Godzilla... this game has it all. If you're looking to have a wacky Japanese game, then EDF is the right game for you. Also the song 10/10."
76561198038371482,Recommended,410320,32759439,Posted: 25 June,all,Rat 13,"This is Earth Defence Force, join today to save our Mother Earth from any alien attack! We have plenty of weapons, armor and priviliges for you, as well as any cadet will find his or her place in our ranks!Be the Ranger: [s]Cannon fooder[/s] Brave soldiers who fight aliens and giant insects using a variety of modern military hardware. Sure other classes have their fancy high powerd scientific toys, but you are our main strike force! Remember: troopers were and always will be key to win the war. Other classes may win battles, but you will win war!Sore through the skies as Wingdiver: You like to fly? Do you want a jetpack? Do you like science? Then this is a job for you! Fly high, strike fast, retreat even faster! Land in the middle of enemy groups and take them out with variety of close quoter extremely fast weapons, or keep your distance and rain terror and death from skies or middle range. Whatever you chose, we have enough guns to cover your prefrebles.Too afraid to fight by yourself? No worries, enlist as Air Raider: Mark targets, call in airstrikes, use our latest military sattelites, deploy turrets, medstations, shields to help your allies. Or if you actually going to fight, then why do it on foot? Call in for many varieties of our combat vehicles or robots. Remember, Air Raider is not a coward, he's a tactician!Last but not least, Fencer: Heavy armor and four devestating weapons! Trust us when we say that you will survive, where others will fall! You're the walking tank, a god of war; children will love you, man want to be you, women will fall for you, and no enemy will be able to take you down... But in case they will, well they will sure lose 90% of all their units!As part of great EDF fight dangerous enemies, complete suicidial missions, level whole blocks to the ground searching for that that one sneaky enemy, and the best part -- you can do it with your friends! Joined yourself help a friend to became part of our family!Now, are you still sitting in a comfy chair drinking coke, eating fat burgers while Earth is in a constant danger? Get your lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥up and enlist! Earth Defence Force needs you!EDF! EDF! EDF! The EDF deployyyyyys!"
,Recommended,410320,32779291,Posted: 25 June,all,cowboycomando54,"This game was fantastic on the Xbox 360 and is even better on PC. The battles feel even bigger and even the graphics have been polished up a bit. If you have ever wanted a proper Starship Troopers game, this is your closest bet. There is plenty of content in the base game, both epic and hillarious (launchers that fire blow up maid dolls and tanks with waifu paint jobs) weapons and plenty of missions. My only gripe is that the graphic optimitation is not the greatest and the settings for the game are limitted. (Resselution, anti-aliasing, anostropic filltering, and shaddows are the only adjustable settings) Still a fantastic game. COME ON YOU DIRTY APES, YOU WANT TO LIVE FOR EVER!?!"
,Recommended,410320,32963548,Posted: 28 June,all,Walkman,"""Our soldiers are prepared for any alien threats""""The Navy, launchs ships. The Arirforce, send their jets""""And nothing can withstand, our fixed bayonets""""THE EDF DEPLOYS!!!""Seriously love this game."
,Recommended,410320,33113204,Posted: 1 July,all,animalxer42,"A campy game with variety and overkill. It gets grindy at times collecting armor and weapons, but the overkill makes it worth it. EDF! EDF! EDF!"
,Recommended,410320,33085667,Posted: 1 July,all,Rashuga,Jesus died and came back as Earth Defense Force
76561198048910194,Recommended,410320,33068978,Posted: 30 June,all,retrox,"Well, Earth Defense Force 4.1. What can I say about Earth Defense Force 4.1? I don't trust *anyone* who doesn't like Earth Defense Force 4.1.You know those top-down or isometric shooters where hordes of squishy enemies relentlessly assault you from all sides? This is that, but in third-person view. You can also punch giant kaiju monsters in the face with a giant robot.It's basically the video game equivalent of a Michael Bay movie: Shut your brain down and crank the adrenaline up."
,Recommended,410320,32971918,Posted: 28 June,all,t0ykiller,"It's like every other EDF, exterminate over-sized bugs and aliens. There are new characters to choose from, new abilities, weapons, and the game is slightly more expensive. Must-have if you like coop games."
76561198147091382,Recommended,410320,33066758,Posted: 30 June,all,Stackhouse,"Hands down one of the best purchases I have ever made on Steam, Tons of intense fun and hours and hours of enjoyment, laughs and random Shenanigans, If you like giant monster battles and giant robot battles and literally punching Godzilla in the face this is for you. 10/10 one of the best games I've ever played"
,Recommended,410320,33021309,Posted: 29 June,all,PengwinLord,"Everything I hoped for and more, perfect 5/7."
76561198049490615,Recommended,410320,32980464,Posted: 29 June,all,eliteblade46,"Complete and total titanic insect genocide brought to you by those weirdos who made Robot Alchemic Drive.PROS:- You kill bugs- You kill bugs with four different classes- You kill bugs with a smorgasbord of weapons, from simple rifles to WMDs- You kill bugs with a myriad of deployable vehicles, from simple tanks to vertical fortresses- You kill bugs across god-knows-where in over one hundred levels- You kill bugs in english or in japanese because people are picky like that- You kill bugs with random people online in a hundred more levels- You kill bugs with your friends- You kill bugs with your friends friends- You kill bugs with your friends enemies- You kill bugs with your enemies- You kill bugsCONS:- Much like this blatent joke of a review, this game is very repetitive with only new enemies being the differences between levels- Very much an opinion but the loot collection system could be better, you have to scour the level for armor and weapons in the midst of the action because you have zero time after finishing a mission to do so- Very apperent flaws with collision IE enemy spiders freely web you through several city blocks worth of scenery- A very veryverylong term con, theres little to do after 100%ing the game aside from beating levels with all four classes on all five difficulties- All cosmetic dlc is locked onto a very low level vehicle/gun and is inevitably abandoned once better gear is obtained, this all should be a skin of some kind that can be carried forward IMHOFor pete sake just get it, its always a deccent price around the steam sales and its worth every penny if you got some pals to play it with you.9/10, would squash bugs again."
,Recommended,410320,33023599,Posted: 29 June,all,Pongsakorn T.,"Enjoy to collect new weapons, Good."
,Recommended,410320,33205823,Posted: 3 July,all,「Sev」,Pretty addicting game.
,Recommended,410320,27581396,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Modo,"""I'm from Buenos Aires and I say kill 'em all!""Save Mother Earth from alien attack by using massive amounts of ordinance to blast apart the insect menace!Use assault rifles, sniper rifles, shotguns, flamethrowers, grenade launchers, rocket launchers, helicopters, anti-air vehicles, tanks, mechs, and a whole lot of airstrikes to stem the tide of the invasion.This game isn't much to look at but behind it is some of the most fun you can have either single-player or in co-op."
,Recommended,410320,27580485,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BadNetCode,"Cheesy, explosive, and actually pretty difficult!From what I've seen I haven't even unlocked cool stuff yet and I'm having a blast.Fantastic game to co-op with your wife.My only complaint is that enemies will occasionally ""web"" you and slowly drain your health and there's nothing you can do because you have no line of sight. I think this happens when a spider shoots web over an object and it falls on you. A little janky."
76561197960881926,Recommended,410320,27782542,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Splatshot,"Shoot bugs, shoot morebugs, shoot some robots, shot bugs, shot robots, shot bugs.Just perfect. Play how you want and as hard as you want."
,Recommended,410320,33083899,Posted: 1 July,all,Uppity,This just feels like a typical day in Australia
,Recommended,410320,32896812,Posted: 27 June,all,[CALC] LittleBigGayMan,"Its incredible, it takes grinding, a very boring annoying function in most games, and makes it so damn fun, playing with a friend is recommended."
76561198207713049,Recommended,410320,33308663,Posted: 6 July,all,Yautja,Best £17 I have ever spent. Are we winning ?
,Recommended,410320,33337659,Posted: 7 July,all,...,EDF!!!! EDF!!!! EDF!!!! EDF!!!! EDF!!!!
,Recommended,410320,33384158,Posted: 8 July,all,Black Cat,"It is a mindless shooter/action type of game, with some decent gear farm, and the difficulty can range from easy to near impossible. The graphics and gameplay bring me back to the gamecube and some of the games I played on it, so a nostalgia trip may also be influencing my recommendation. It can get repetitive and has some flaws, but overall I have enjoyed it. However... IT IS NOT WORTH FULL PRICE!!! Wait for sales, I would say its worth around $20."
76561198127818158,Recommended,410320,24553393,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,YAYVIDEOGAMES,a must buy (if you don't mind dreaming about massive house sized spiders and ants)
76561198024337946,Recommended,410320,33405924,Posted: 9 July,all,BigBigu,To start...BEST GAME since..i cant remember last time a game was so fun.-Graphic are Ok-Gameplay is awesome-Action is non stop-Lot but LOT of items-Each classes bring something cool and useful to the teamI highly recommend this game and if you can grab some friends its still better11/10
,Recommended,410320,33298021,Posted: 5 July,all,Hanwuu,11/10. The game doesn't go down to five frames per second when you pilot Balam like in the PS4 version! This game is so much fun. Buy it. Without question.
,Recommended,410320,33248456,Posted: 4 July,all,Sett,is good
,Recommended,410320,27302377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ForkedEntry,"300 hours in. And I'm still saying to myself: ""ahh, I love this game""."
76561198156592736,Recommended,410320,33471011,Posted: 11 July,all,BlackTailedAngel,"i love this game, yes it has a few quirks to it like if i stared at the red smoke my frame rate would drop a bit..but crazy explosions i have no issue. if you love just shooting things and loot then i say this game is awesome. plus if it supports ac ontorller....im still slighty new to pc gaming and stuff so you might already know of that"
,Recommended,410320,33513105,Posted: 13 July,all,Imurderragdolls,"Michael Bay needs a towel. This game is insane. It starts off pretty crazy but after the first few levels this game shows it's true colors. Constant explosions, extremely destructive weapons, gaint insects everywhere and big levels. I love it."
,Recommended,410320,33503546,Posted: 13 July,all,DAVID D. DAVIDSON,"Fantastic game, kind of a sandbox tps bullet hell type game with massive amounts of variety. Gameplay and fun over everything else. Graphics and voice acting are dated, but most see it as adding to the charm and aesthetic."
,Recommended,410320,24408873,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,AFarCryAway,This game is FULL of bugs!And I wouldn't have it any other way.
,Recommended,410320,33285440,Posted: 5 July,all,Volg Shan,Probably one of my favorite games. The simple gameplay makes it so easy to dive right in and the fact you can obtain different weapons depending on difficulty promotes replays. I know there are 4 classes but I just love using the basic soldier.Ive played even more! Wow these later missions get even cooler. Wait till you see how you handle giants!
,Recommended,410320,32403930,Posted: 13 June,all,Denninja,Cured my insecto/arachnophobia.
76561198002392959,Recommended,410320,32406763,Posted: 14 June,all,Skankhunt42,great gameplay! multiplayer is insane!
,Recommended,410320,32021110,Posted: 28 May,all,Busta,As many other people have said this game is such a grind but it really is a fantastic game to play when you've got nothing else to play. You'll keep going back for more and maybe even forget about it for a while but I guarantee you'll keep going back to it.
76561198076405567,Recommended,410320,32543128,Posted: 18 June,all,Sureslick,Damn good fun...They just don't make'em like this no more...
76561198064622808,Recommended,410320,32547232,Posted: 18 June,all,The Entire Population of Canada,"Red Box Collection SimulatorProbably one of the most fun games I've ever played. It captures the ""holy hell I'm a god of destruction made out of pure ♥♥♥♥"" pretty well. Sadly, most of the good, extremely fun big boy toys need you to grind on the hardest difficulties, which is only possibly if you spend roughly half of your life collecting a ton of red armor boxes. You get a pathetic amount of armor per box, but there's a ton of them.I don't want to focus on collecting boxes when I have insects to be killing, and nobody should. Going through the story mode without playing on the higher levels, which lets you get the better weapons, is really boring since you use very few weapons that are unique. It wasn't until my second playthrough of the story that I decided ""♥♥♥♥ it"" and used Cheat Engine so I could survive on the hardest difficulty on the toughest levels to finally get some decent loot. And, suddenly, the game was a lot more fun.EDF, EDF, EDF."
,Recommended,410320,24409115,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Jack Dandy,"This is the EDF you know & love, on PC.Constant 60FPS- a series first.Fencer is best class.Get this now."
76561198032789205,Recommended,410320,24419905,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,dan asko,10/10 not Insect ArmaGarbage. Top Kwality Punjab
76561197994589141,Recommended,410320,24420397,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Skinless,"To save our Mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe’ll unleash all our forcesWe won’t cut them any slackThe E.D.F. deploys!E.D.F.!! E.D.F.!!Yeah its pretty fun, I'm totally singing this song the next time I get drunk too."
76561197995222377,Recommended,410320,24419225,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Krulgrim,"Earth Defense Force has been my guilty pleasure ever since I imported ""Global Defense Force"" on my hacked PS2.  I hope the rest of this series makes it onto the PC."
76561197969677808,Recommended,410320,24419357,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Hollownight Tobi,A good port that I can put my pc settings to max for unlike ps4
,Recommended,410320,28788025,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Avalanche,Some of the most pure fun gameplay I've had in a long time
,Recommended,410320,28811140,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,✪Funnywolf,"Seriously the best game ever made. I love it so much. Am mostly playing co-op, so i don't know about playing it alone."
76561198069083342,Recommended,410320,28811305,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Gort,"Best Anime 201610/10for how simple this game is on paper, it's criminal how much enjoyment there is to be had here. It can be grindy sometimes when you're trying to get new weapons, but the voice acting, music, and what can be called 'story' keep things enjoyable.there are some frame-rate issues when things get really crazy, like when a Godzila-sized monster plows through a skyline while a bombing run went off, but I forgave the game because a Godzila-sized monster just plowed through a skyline during a bombing run.If you and your friends buy this game, don't expect to have the best weapons right out of the gate, nice as that would be, but give EDF a chance."
,Recommended,410320,28821629,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Maxxem(SixFtUnder),THIS IS ADDICTING AND AMAZING AS ♥♥♥♥S! STARSHIP TROOPERS THE VIDEO GAME!ALL BUGS MUST DIE!Prepare for 6+ hour binge playthroughs and not even make it 1% your way through the game.
76561198056210732,Recommended,410320,28775491,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,neolight67,it has been several monthes sense I joined the edf. I joined the air raider division because I heard we get mech suits. today I killed an army of dragons in a mech suit and watched most of my unit die. come to think of it my unit tends to get whiped out alot with only me surviving. I'm starting to think the edf needs more requirements than above the age of 18 and a 3rd grade education.
76561198040127923,Recommended,410320,28777471,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GARBAGE™,"This game is so anime I got told to get into the ♥♥♥♥ing robot and punch Godzilla in the face. Ridiculous is the new standart, and I love it."
76561198006714369,Recommended,410320,28764251,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyber Warrior,A much better Starship Troopers game than the actual Starship Troopers games.
76561198055618015,Recommended,410320,28782915,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MobilizedTarget,"Amazing game to play, if you ever played Armorines as a child then you'll enjoy destroying waves of nope in EDF.Only main downfall of this game is the menus, little annoying to navigate and understand. Most missions are short but are action packed. The game sort of makes you feel like a common soldier in the EDF, following orders or taking part in a large-scale assault against the bugs.Even a few ""Holy F**K"" moments in the game when you see your defensive line being charged at by a swarm of ants.8/10"
,Recommended,410320,28759732,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KingMob4313,The Best 'Dreamcast 2' game you'll never play.This game coming out is proof that we don't live in the worst timeline
,Recommended,410320,28769486,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ccmatt,"The Godzilla game we never got. The Starship Troopers game we never got.But the giant insect squashing, monster lizard slaying, evil robot crushing game we deserve!"
76561198036649401,Recommended,410320,28847092,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Naahhhhh,"Imagine Dynasty Warriors with guns and bugs, and you have a good idea what this game is about. The first hour of playing was by far the hardest part, as I got used to all four character play styles, the map icons, and that sort of thing. There are roughly 100 missions, with four difficulties. All the missions are relatively straight forward: kill all enemies or do enough damage to unkillable enemy. Tons of fun, especially when played with others.There are a few issues, of which I will highlight the two most frustrating for me, just as a word of warning.Multiplayer system: It is far from seamless. Regardless of where you are in the game, if you accept an invite, before joining, you have to return to the main menu. Setting a game as private doesn't exactly work as intended. Instead of reserving all spots, you need to leave spots open to the public that will then be filled by your friends that you invite. If you buy the game (and you should), you will see what I am talking about.Collision detection: Collision detection for the player is pretty good. However, the enemies have zero collection detection at all. They can shoot you through enemy bodies, but it doesn't work the other way around. So you will massacre dozens of bugs, and have a huge pile of corpses, with one or two survivors hiding in the bodies. On certain maps, enemies can shoot you through the ground.Those annoying issues aside, this game is loads of fun. Now get out there and do your duty: Save Earth from bugs."
76561197970400847,Recommended,410320,28808184,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Anthr4x,"Intense non stop action ?Ultra cheesy in game dialog ?More enemies on screen that your fencer with a gatling in each hands can handle ?Retarius caught you in a 50km long web strand through 3 state lines, 5 major cities, and 20 buildings ?Only one thing left to do, take a deep breath and shout on top of your lungs, ""EDF! EDF! EDF!""Soon that pang of guilt you felt when a civilian running away from a giant ant ate a shoulder mounted Dispersion Mortar round because you aimed too low will disappear in pure insectoid carnage bliss"
76561198058742922,Recommended,410320,30992278,Posted: 6 April,all,00theduke00,Hilarious. I love the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice acting and the absurd amount of enemies that there can be on the screen. Loads of guns and weapons to unlock and the 4 classes actually feel very different.
76561198066676985,Recommended,410320,28918852,Posted: 1 January,all,NixMehrTreff,EDF! EDF!
,Recommended,410320,28923341,Posted: 1 January,all,PEENOOTZ,this game is beautiful. it brought me to tears.
,Recommended,410320,28926565,Posted: 1 January,all,Vivivi,"Do not be fooled by its rather terrible graphics.. this game is insanely fun and addictive with everything you need; bugs, spiders, dragons, aliens, robots, tanks, rockets, lasers, explosions and just destruction.If you wanna direct your own Michael Bay film, get this game.If you hate bugs, get this game.If you love explosions, get this game.No, you should just get this game no matter what.10/10"
76561198163597788,Recommended,410320,28966460,Posted: 2 January,all,Cuck,tldr: its a cheesy game where you shoot giant bugsThis game is basically a cheesy 80's movie in videogame form. There is almost no plot and the plot that is there is outlandish but ill be damned if the game isnt fun. Almost every missions goal is to kill every enemy on the map and it somehow hasnt gotten old or boring. Id highly recommend this game strictly becuase it is a fun game that offers local co-op
76561198173489995,Recommended,410320,29216975,Posted: 12 January,all,Storm 1,"I absolutly love this game, it is nothing but fun. your ether haveing fun killing some bugs alone or haveing fun with 3 others. this game is a blast to play :p . with soooooooo many guns for all the uniqe classes and the endless missions this is a must play!!"
76561197995253937,Recommended,410320,31059706,Posted: 10 April,all,NapalmBob,"Yes, it has♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics, is pretty grindy, only has about 15 different map layouts which they reuse, has some weird weight mechanics, has very, very bad voice acting and a seriously campy story ... but none of that is bad. In fact, it is kinda the point. The whole thing is just like a cheezy B-grade monster movie with a very Japanese twist.Every level is mostly just ""Kill Everything"" yet somewhere amongst the frantic spraying of bullets, rockets, guided missiles, grenades, napalm jets, plasma blasts, lightening streams, lazers, bigger lazers, even bigger lazers, tank shells, artillery shells, heavy cannons, mortars, carpet bombs, ICBMs, orbital lasers, limpets mines and tazer wire is some genuinely awesome moments. Flying through the air with your jet pack or rushing into a group of enemy in your power armour or laying down the hurt with your tank all feel great. Four very distinct classes with over 150 different weapons each means there is all kinds of ridiculous crazy in this game.Plus there is no other game that has this kind of epic scale.The first time your screen becomes a sea of red because there are 1000+ ants rushing you on a beach, or you are fighting off 100's of giant mechs in an open field with an army of AI and airsupport, or you are fighting a colossal ant queen and her minions deep underground, or you are shooting down giant spaceships as they turn a whole city to dust, or you fight all these things at the same time in a ruined wasteland; then you will understand the point of this game.It is just epic fun.Especially when you get some buddies (or strangers) together online or in splitscreen."
76561198053894701,Recommended,410320,31064634,Posted: 10 April,all,Skyninja,"I remember seeing a trailer to this game and it looked insane. So i bought it on sale, played it and it's one of the craziest games i've ever played.Pros:- Great Gameplay- Customization (only minimal)- Huge variety of weapons- Huge destructiable environments- Splitscreen- Multiplayer is hectic (in a good way)- 4 different unique classes- some dialogue is so funny- Story isn't half bad- So many different enemies (some HUGE)Cons- Needs more classes- Environments do get reptitive so does gameplay- Overly difficult at times- better customizationOverall this game is actually pretty great and quite unique, never have i played a game quite as over the top insane as this one and its damn fun! final score is 9/10"
76561198015711075,Recommended,410320,32816590,Posted: 26 June,all,Faux_Grey,"If you're here looking for a triple-A game, this isn't it.If you're here looking for funIf you're here to shoot bugs with a gunTo listen to many a bad audio lineAnd to generally have a good timeTHE E.D.F DEPLOYS!But seriously,The game is basically one of those B-movies that you love. (if you don't love any B-movies, this game isn't for you.)I could say a lot, but the most important thing here is that the game is fun.Grab a friend or 3 (4 player coop, support for 2 player splitscreen) and get ready to have an experience."
76561198071697807,Recommended,410320,33460549,Posted: 11 July,all,Dan-Ial,"This is the best example of a game that doesn't need good graphics to be a good game. And even then, the graphics are pretty decent. The way this game accomplishes this is by the magnitude of fun that it delivers.""This is 1400m fortress aircraft carrier Despina, you have our support. Ground units, you are not alone."""
,Recommended,410320,33868201,Posted: 28 July,all,Zolfo,"very fun, and great to play with friends"
76561197993730325,Recommended,410320,32402220,Posted: 13 June,all,Scotty,"Earth Defense Force is a Third-person shooter about having fun - you pick a class, get some guns (and more as your progress through missions), and then get to have a blast shooting giant insects to death, as well as their alien masters. This is not a complex game, this is not a visually stunning game. It is very much just a fun game, and a damn fun one at that."
,Recommended,410320,29911592,Posted: 13 February,all,KickedByNoobs,"EDF4 is an amazing game in which you fight giant insects, robots, dragons, and godzillas.Criticisms:-the fov is far too narrow-the anti-aliasing needs improvement-the missions desperately need balancing-ultra-widescreen support needs to be added to the game"
76561198068738500,Recommended,410320,34403082,Posted: 21 August,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"Troops: THERE IS NO WAY THE AIR DIVERS COULD LOSECommand: Storm Team, rescue the Air Divers."
76561198008369673,Recommended,410320,34065674,Posted: 6 August,all,Drecano,"Do love me some EDF <3Played pretty much all incarnations.  From Monster Attack and Global Defense Force on PS2 all the way up to this ( not played handheld versions )  and really, every single one of them, including this one, is fun.Old school ""shoot anything bigger then you"" and...thats it.  Its old school fun and really satisfying, especially firing a rocket into a bunch of bugs and seeing limbs and body parts go flying ( recommend the Fencers Blood Storm DLC weapon for that the most )I've got a graphical issue, but doesnt stop the game being played or fun...bit annoying but eh, blowing things up takes my view away from that.I'd say I'm a bit of a veteran at this series and honestly its worth getting, especially on sale."
76561197960281570,Recommended,410320,33988830,Posted: 3 August,all,Combat Gorge,"From my own personal experience Earth Defense Force 4.1 is great fun to be had if you invite some friends over for some couch co-op. Don’t purchase this game if you expect something that falls into normal game categories, unless those categories have a entry for shooting buick sized spiders with a mecha. Honestly after completing the entire game and the DLC missions and I’m still trying to figure out if the game designers wanted you to take the game seriously, or just laugh at the comical noises a character makes while being eaten by a giant ant. Either way, I enjoyed every second of the game. Now the game does have an online 4 player co-op option for those who are interested though I personally cannot comment on it because like I mentioned before I just invited some friends over to play.In summary this is a third person shooter with 4 classes to choose from each with specific loadouts and you fight giant bugs and robots. Sound ridiculous? It really is, but it’s a lot of fun. Go in with no expectation and you will leave entertained.The only real con in my opinion is the current steam sale price for the main game ($50). Personally I found it was money well spent, however to others the current sales price is pretty much the purchase of AAA title. So if you are on the fence about purchasing this game find out whether you have a friend to invite over to play with, or some friends that want to play through the main game with you online."
76561198074076044,Recommended,410320,34053519,Posted: 5 August,all,Amaterasu,If you like to dance with giant bugs this is the game for you.
76561198038592118,Recommended,410320,34054663,Posted: 6 August,all,O-Zone,"I CANNOT recommend this game more to anyone who just wants to have fun with a video game. This game is pure, unadulterated FUN and I love it!I played EDF 2017 on the XBox 360 as a kid, split-screen, with each of my brothers, and we had a blast. This game here completely revitalizes, rejuvinates, and renews that experience. I LOVE IT. And they made the EDF itself so much cooler with the cheesy as heck but funny character dialogues, and the callout/emotes you can do. The songs and cadences the troops have make me want to join the EDF right now, throw a helmet on, grab a rifle, and file in with the Rangers.Plus the Wing Divers are cuties.EDF all the way."
76561198398307462,Recommended,410320,34063274,Posted: 6 August,all,Lord Angel,I hate bugs. So when there is a game full of bugs...... I just can's stop smashing my keyboard and mouse to kill all the bugs. How come there is a game so full of bugs?
76561198049397960,Recommended,410320,34069592,Posted: 6 August,all,Martin,A simply fun game.
,Recommended,410320,34030643,Posted: 4 August,all,Ruaridoll,"To save our mother Earth from any alien attackFrom vicious giant insects who have once again come backWe'll unleash all our forcesWe won't cut them any slackThe E.D.F deploys!Our soilders are prepared for any alien threatsThe Navy launches ships, the Air Force sends their jetsAnd nothing can withstand our fixed bayonettesTHE E.D.F DEPLOYS!"
,Recommended,410320,34408615,Posted: 21 August,all,MistPony,EDF!!!!!~~~~~
76561198271674294,Recommended,410320,24555768,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,MENTALCOOKIE2,"amazing game,its cheeesy as all hell and glitchy in a funny way,just giant killing carnage my only ishue is crashes,the game crashes on average once every hour now but was fine when started alrough all the crashes ive had were when something was on the other monitor like a stream or youtube video ive tried all the usuals to prevent this but ive had no luck,would still recormed if not now definatly in the winter sale"
76561198090507393,Recommended,410320,34892918,Posted: 11 September,all,Sir Ferfwaf,"I usually don't care for extreme Japanese stereotypes, or really just anything Japanese. But this beautiful creation of a game. It is just so much fun to see what it would be like if we threw out the Geneva Conventions for the military and tested it on giant insects. But there are some serious problems with this game, one of them being the grind for better weapons, as you progress through a level you will find crates dropped by fallen foes, green is weapons, red is armor, and white and yellow is health. When you complete a leven with the crates you collected they will give you a random selction of weapons, but the problem is when you start to build up the armory, you will start getting duplicates, so you will have to go back and get them over again and pray that you don't get more dupes. Another problem is the fact of in multiplayer, weapons get levels, and you can only use certain guns on a certain difficulty, which isn't fun when you want to use a minigun but don't want to get murdered by a swarm. Do get it though, worth every penny."
,Recommended,410320,35237167,Posted: 27 September,all,Cubik,"Theres just something about this game that makes it absolutely perfect to play while listening to anything in the background. Podcasts, Lectures, Books-on-tape, its all great in my opinion.Oh, also the game has giant bugs, robots, space ships and massive guns to blow them all up in highly satisfying means. And also there is more content than any one person will ever know what to do with. If you buy this game, you will never not have new things to work towards."
,Recommended,410320,24814937,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Sunny D,EDF! EDF! EDF!Get as many people together as you can to play this game in Co-Op. It's an absolute blast.
76561198368179417,Recommended,410320,35102100,Posted: 21 September,all,Jsmith845,Fun as HELL!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197991870313,Recommended,410320,35117910,Posted: 21 September,all,jacobg701,Enjoyed it more once I learned how to farm weapons. Not much help in way of tutuorial. Fun now.
76561198077269895,Recommended,410320,32455304,Posted: 15 June,all,Rirukan,"Excellent game, very unique co-op based game with so many weapons to be a good starship trooper while you leroy jinkins it."
76561198026009171,Recommended,410320,35365247,Posted: 30 September,all,QuadN,"Earth Defence Force 4.1 is unique in all the good ways.As usual Pros first then Cons.PROS:High replaybility due to new unlocks and 4 different classes.There is a load of unlocks and weapons that make the game feel different each time.4 classes that are unique and fun.Ranger is the good all rounder.Air Raider can deploy turrets, tanks,GIANT ♥♥♥♥ING MECHAS THAT CAN PUNCH SPACE DRAGONS.I never knew i needed to kill giant spiders with a rocket launcher that shot plasma nukes until i played this game.Nor did i know i needed to kill xenos with plasma minigunNor did i know i needed to watch hundreds of giant ants be obliterated with a missile launcher that fires thousands of smaller missiles.Nor did i know that using axes to kill insects while zooming around like fatman in MGS2 was fun.Nor did i know that dual wielding miniguns was so fun.Nor did i know that flying and shooting laser beams while being a woman could be so fun.Did i mention how much veriety there is?Oh, and theres both LOCAL AND ONLINE MULTIPLAYER.YES ITS SPLITSCREEN.WHY? BECAUSE  THESE DEVELOPERS ARE 10/10Multiplayer with friends is a flustercluck of insanity and laughter as you destroy half of kyoto.EDF! EDF! EDF!I haven't gotten close to finishing the game for a first time yet. But its so much fun.The enviroments are usually very destructible.I love this game, but there is some minor flaws.CONS:Some weapons are useless like the firecracker or flamethrowers on harder difficulties.You need to replay missions a lot of times to get all the weapons avalibale.On higher difficulties sometimes you get the lower ranked weapons as dropsThe AI help is meatshields as you procede to recreate nagasaki and hiroshima after the bombs fell.Destroying buildings can cause massive lag.Should you buy this game on sale? Yes.Should you buy this game while its not on sale? Depends on if you like insanity and ♥♥♥♥ing around.Is this a good game? Yes.Buy this god damn game."
76561197975782750,Recommended,410320,35397173,Posted: 1 October,all,Hazard Redmane,"Well what can i say...EDF 4.1 is a very funny Game for some nice time with friends blasting Alien Scum and giant Insects to pieces.I played this game a while now and love it for the many Weapons, silly story (well whatever story there is hehehe) and the many many many many many enemy's that can be on the battliefield on ONE wave.If you need some Fun after a hard working day and just don't want to play something complex then grab your gun, get your gear and storm the Frontlines in the Name of the EDF !!!PS : Destroying a Map and all it's Buildings is also fun ^^"
,Recommended,410320,35306955,Posted: 29 September,all,ernestvsmith,"EDF EDF! I love this game and can not wait for a sequal in the series. If you want a game with alot of big guns that sometimes dont work, this is the game for you. It has bugs, dragons, mechs, wasps, and spiders. Amoung the most unique and fun games I have played."
76561197968907831,Recommended,410320,35458978,Posted: 3 October,all,Skeksis,it's the most videogamey videogame i ever videogamed.Best played with the starship troopers theme playing in the background.
