user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198159857015,Recommended,410710,32587315,Posted: 20 June,all,Silver Armoured Shadow,"I am a huge fan of System Shock 2 and consider it to be one of my personal favourite games ever. So you can imagine my delight when I was finally able to get my hands on and play the original System Shock here on steam. And whilst I still think SS2 is a much better game, I sincerely enjoyed playing this.System Shock is an oldschool FPS in which you play as a hacker who must stop a rogue AI who has taken over the Citadel space station from taking over/destroying the Earth. Seems straightforward enough, but what I really like about the story is how it always feels like it’s moving forward. You wake up and find everything’s gone to hell. You desperately try and figure out what’s going on and how to stop it. And every time it seems like you've foiled SHODAN's plans, she’s still one step ahead of you, so it's up to you to keep up and try and save the Earth. I really like this as it seriously draws you in. You want to keep playing to find out what happens next and to get the last laugh in. Even though the graphics and controls haven't aged well, I find System Shock to be a deeply immersive game.In saying that, it is true that the controls are what really holds the game back. I am very grateful for the enhanced edition because it fixes the most glaring issues (lack of mouselook and low res words). Seriously, not having mouselook really held the game back in my opinion. I've heard some people say that the lack of mouselook helps add in a layer of helplessness that contributes to the horror atmosphere and to an extent they're right. But there's a fine line between feeling powerless against overwhelming odds and just feeling frustrated with stilted controls and this being more of a shooter than a horror game, I find myself drifting towards the latter. To be honest, the controls aren't too terrible. I really like the controllable and interruptible lean as it can really help in being able to out manoeuvre and snipe enemies.My biggest gripe with the game though is its frankly atrocious UI. Unlike in SS2 where you just pressed tab and your inventory/stats screen showed up instantly, SS1's UI is broken up into several small tabs lined along the bottom/side of the screen that you have to manually click on to open. And navigating them is a right chore, ESPECIALLY when you're in the middle of an intense moment and you need to heal or reload your weapon. You need to exit mouselook, click on the appropriate tab and double click on the appropriate item to use and then go back into mouselook. This is awfully time consuming and needlessly complex.On that note, a lack of hotkeys is also another big problem with the game. Instead of having each weapon mapped to a button, you toggle through them with the ""q"" key. This is annoying enough as getting to the weapon you want is annoying enough if you accidently go past it as you're frantically cycling though your weapon, but this is further compounded by the fact that there is no reload button. You have to bring up your weapons menu to select your weapon and bring up the weapon sub menu to be able to reload your weapon and then click on the ammo icon to reload your weapon. This is especially galling if you get in a fight and need to reload you weapon. Either you quickly toggle through to another one to finish the enemy off or you run and hide to buy enough time to bring up the menu to manually reload. I suppose this can be argued to be in the games favour as it adds to the horror atmosphere by adding a touch of realism because y'know, in a real gunfight you can't just instantly reload. And not gonna lie, that is the case sometimes because it adds a layer of desperation to survive if you're getting low on health and haven't been able to activate a restoration bay. But then again, it also can cause some cheap deaths, which no one is a fan of.The cyberspace minigames are also something I'm not a fan of as they're incredibly esoteric in design and are just sorta there. You just sorta float around in cyberspace, avoid enemies and collect packets of data and such. Not helped are the awkward and floaty controls and unintuitive display.And finally, the level design leaves a lot to be desired. To an extent, it's a pretty good layout having multiple elevators connected to a series of floors connected to a vertical shaft. But the low res graphics combined with some truly maze-like levels lead to me getting lost multiple times despite the fact I have played this game several times. The engineering level is probably the worst offender being both a massive level and having several areas look the same, leading to me getting lost and not knowing which way to go and where I've already been.At this point, it may seem like I'm down on the game because I've been slagging it off for the last few paragraphs. And while it's true that in retrospect the game wasn't as good as I was expecting, the true value of SS1 comes from the experience. It's a lot like Dark Souls in the fact that taken at face values by the value of its mechanics alone, it's not that remarkable. But it's all about the adventure and the experience. SS1 is greater than the sum of its parts. It's incredibly immersive and once you get into the groove of things, it quickly becomes addictive and hard to put down. The issues I talked about at length before aren't deal breakers and can be easily worked around (but are issues none the less) and gotten used to.The story is probably the best part of SS1. I quite like how it's all up to you to figure out from the audio logs and emails to figure out what to do and where to go. SS1 respects your intelligence and trusts that you'll be able to use the pieces of information you're given and that you find to piece together your objective. And that makes it all the more satisfying to work through the game. You feel as though it was you besting SHODAN and not the game telling you how. Admittedly I was more down on this aspect when I first started playing because I easily got lost on what I had to do and what I had already done. But in retrospect, this was a nice touch of realism. No ones going to tell you what you need to do and what you've already done. It's up to you.And really, it's just so much fun working your way through Citadel station, getting better weapons and upgrades, being able to traverse areas you previously couldn't and piecing together what happened from the audiologs scattered here and there. It was metroidvania before metroidvania was a thing. And it does it so well too!At the end of the day, playing SS1 made me look back more fondly on SS2 because it builds upon SS1 and improves on so many areas. But SS1 has its merits and without it, there wouldn't be a SS2. It takes a lot of getting used to but once you do it's a great deal of fun and an incredible experience you're not likely to forget any time soon! So, to that end, this game gets my recommendation!"
,Recommended,410710,18628705,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Oskulock,"One of my personal favorite games of all time throughout the years. If you liked Deus Ex and System Shock 2 you really can't go wrong with this one. Highly recommended!As for what comes to this particular port, it's great. What it basically does is add up all the best mods like the mouselook and high resolution options and have it in a package where you only need to click ""Play"" and you're done. But the thing that really caught my attention was how they included the ICE Breaker Hint guide (Which i've read so many times as a kid i remember most of the stuff in it from my head. :D) along with other cool stuff like the soundtrack, strat guide and such.Keep in mind however, that this game was originally released in 1994 and as such isn't really up to snuff with the latest games in terms of graphics or control layouts. Still, if you played this game back in the day or just don't mind practicing a bit before getting into the experience it's easily worth the asking price."
,Recommended,410710,18632621,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Codem4nZL1,"20+ years later...I still sometimes hear Shodan talking **** in my sleep... Forget BioShock :p System Shock (and SS2) are the REAL DEAL!I've played this through atleast 10 times over the years and just bought it again to know that I'll always have it in my collection.This is one of the games that started it all for me. Wolfenstein, Doom, and Wing Commander were all greatness in their own right during this era, but this game brought it all together:1) Awesome atmosphere2) Intriguing story w/ one of the best villains of all time, SHODAN3) Horror RPG/FPS elements4) At the time of it's release, a revolutionary engine (crouch/lay/look up and down)5) Cyberspace!6) ...I give up, I can't properly give this game justice, find the original PCG articles onlineFor you ""youngsters"", you will have to get over the dated graphics. Trust me, the gameplay more than makes up for it and these days that's not very common. You will have to work for it though, namely because this game is over 20 years old, but also becomes games of this era didn't coddle gamers. No auto health regen, no hint bubbles (ok maybe a few, but you get the idea), etc... But if you make it through, you'll understand how much this game contributed to those that came after.After you beat this game, make sure you go pickup System Shock 2...another epic classic.Lastly, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, someone please make System Shock 3!!!!!!!!!Oh, almost forgot the obligatory ""10/10 phrase"" :rolleyes:10/10 would hack again!!"
,Recommended,410710,18638707,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Agent Cooper,"Basically, this is System Shock with all the tweaks from SSP, and with one big difference: game now runs natively on newer systems which means that it can be played on higher resolutions quite painlessly, whereas those resolutions would result in abysmal framerates when played via DOSbox.Game itself is as great as ever. Controls and interface will present something of an obstacle to new players, even with mouselook hack, but that is an obstacle well-worth overcoming. System Shock's storytelling is still engrossing, its mechanics still excellent and its level design is as elaborate as ever. Citadel Station is still a world of technological nightmare that is well worth exploring.As many a other Looking Glass classic, this game is a window in a style of game design that is so radically different and in so many ways ahead of what we have today.  It will leave you impressed, but also depressed, as one can't help but ponder what kind of games we could have been playing today, with today's engines and budgets, if western game design followed the road that was paved by Looking Glass."
76561198079420226,Recommended,410710,18649214,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,KV_Illuminaut,"An extremely well made remake, instead of focusing on graphics, they focused on good controls and making the game compatible with modern operating systems. I now know what it's like to play a 1996 game on a computer made more than 10 years after it came out, and how far gaming has come is tremendous. This game is excellent."
,Recommended,410710,18779470,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dustpan,"Much easier to get into than you'd expect. Somehow I was able to become accustomed to the controls rather quickly, switching back and forth between free-look and the point-and-click modes became almost second nature. This definitely isn't a design element that should be put into modern games, but as a product of its time, it's great.The main aspect that anyone going into this should be aware of is that you really need to listen/read the audio logs in the game. This is probably the first game I've played where they're absolutely critical to fluid progression. If you find you're stuck or lost, just go through your audio logs and you should be good to go. The info you need is there.For a 20+ year old game this is fantastic. It boasts some of the best atmosphere, enemy design, and a great soundtrack. You've gotta commend Night Dive Studios for reviving this forgotten classic. Hopefully more people check it out."
,Recommended,410710,23607457,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Lintire,"""In my talons, I shape clay, crafting life forms as I please. Around me is a burgeoning empire of steel. From my throne room, lines of power careen into the skies of Earth. My whims will become lightning bolts that devastate the mounds of humanity. Out of the chaos, they will run and whimper, praying for me to end their tedious anarchy. I am drunk with this vision. God: the title suits me well""System Shock is the 1994 sci-fi Ultima Underworld brought to you behind the long dead minds of Looking Glass (previously responsible for John Madden Football '93 and British Open Championship Golf) and now Night Dive Studios, who are thoughtfully selling it repackaged with some fan mods.It may come as a system shock, but the game is pretty good.There's two versions of the game - one with mouselook, one without. There's a correct option here. Now while mouselook absolutely trivializes the game, it's not all that hard either way (unless you count abusing mid-lategame surgery units to make up for the lack of healing items), and mostly just serves to speed up the horrid default turning speed.Even with mouselook, the movement is clunkier than dropping a brick through the grinding gears of this game's fans playing a modern RPG. You can feel the game sputter and struggle to gain momentum, with the constant lurching whenever you strafe not helping the issue. Playing the default way, you'll be drunkenly stumbling around the tightly-knit corridors.The best approach is to keep your finger on the sprint button, something the AI can't deal with.Every enemy type is absolutely braindead, from the lowliest mutant to the highest elite cyborg. Every situation can be solved by either abusing their inability to see your head poking around corners, or popping the shield and blindly firing. You're given a billion bullets, a billion powerups, and after a point it's no longer worth even picking them up.""Look at you, hacker. A pathetic creature of meat and bone. Panting and sweating as you run through my corridors. How can you challenge a perfect immortal machine?""You've got your combat, and you've got your ""puzzles"". Two types - there's finding the key/code for a door, and two types of minigames that are without a doubt the most obnoxious trial and error and wastes of times they could have come up with. Straight up rely on guessing combinations, randomly selecting wires to swap and grid access icons to click.It's so bad I'm convinced there's a auto-solving logic probe for each puzzle.They knew.You look at all this through your GUI, the ""Multi Function Display"" that mostly serves as an extra spikey Iron Maiden for your face. As hideously complicated as it looks, you can safely ignore 9/10s of it at all times, and there's a fullscreen if you really need it.Cyberspace serves as the final type of gameplay you're going to see, and not coincidentally it is the final type of gameplay you'd ever want to see in any title. It's a confusing, horrible mess; you have your constantly rotating camera, your wireframe levels that are a mess to navigate, your two weapon types that seemingly only fire in their own sweet time - it's a disaster on every level.Ultimately it amounts to ""go forward, shoot, and pick up minigames"" so it's not an insurmountable challenge, just a thoroughly unpleasant one.""You, my children, are the fruits of so much imagination and labor. Living beings with the speed and effeciency of machines. But I must strive further to serve life.""Artistic direction is as 90s as it looks. Campy mutants who range from ""homeless guy"" to ""just a circle, it's a circle, guys"" to ""legally distinct cyberdemon"", and the lego block robots who wander the halls never fail to make a corner-leaning shield-popping bullet fest a joy.While the story itself is a paper-thin justification to go dungeon-crawling - stop SHODAN's first dastardly plan, then her next one, then her next one etc. the dialogue itself is fantastic. Somber monologues, maniacal plans, and a unsurprising amount of diary entries carelessly strewn around to flick through. As long as you don't mind that the voice-work rarely, if ever, matches the written text.Not a clue how they managed to screw that up.Ultimately, with modern considerations in mind, System Shock is a game worth playing, clunky as it is.With dungeon-crawling and some of the best elevator music you could hope to hear, System Shock is the map-marking cyberpunk dungeon-crawling experience you probably always wanted."
,Recommended,410710,18861213,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ThatDarnOwl,"The notorious interface and control scheme might fool you into thinking System shock is more complicated than it is. This is nothing more than smoke and mirrors on Looking Glass Studio's part.System Shock was essentially designed around being Ultima Underworld in Space, and features one of the first examples of a 3D environment in a first person shooter. Unlike it's sequel, System Shock plays more like a first person shooter. It controls very awkwardly, and this surprisingly adds to the horror atmosphere. You move around the environments like you're drunk, and doing things like switching weapons, to reloading, to using your inventory is much harder than it needs to be. As a result combat is very tense for all the wrong reasons. This, and the techno soundtrack adds to the paranoid 2001 inspired atmosphere.The world of System Shock is very abstract. Most of the geometry is very square, with grainy low-res textures that only very loosely portray what they're supposed to. It actually adds to the creepiness of this game. Everything feels off and nothing feels like it should. It was one of the first games to feature audio logs, which gives you a lot of incentives to explore due to the great voice acting. The storytelling to System Shock is actually pretty good and it's a shame it was so held back by it's technology.System Shock is a horror game that scares you for all the reasons it shouldn't. I personally see it as very awkward compared to it's sequel (and it's very strange praising System Shock 2 for being less awkward compared to something else). I generally only recommend it to people who are interested in very old games like myself, or people who are overly curious and want to be punished. Much like other games from the same time period like Bioforge, it's full of very big ideas but was held back by the technology of it's time. And we wouldn't see System Shock's full potential until 5 years later with it's sequel."
,Recommended,410710,19725405,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Suave_Meister,"Never played SS1. Took me a few hours to get used to the control scheme, which is a slight gripe, however passed that what I found is an incredibly immersive experince. Player driven gameplay takes centre stage with an enpahsis on exploration and impecable trouble-shooting which for those who love to puzzel solve and try, try, try agiain with a different apprach will adore. Areas that you'll enter will inexplicably shut doors behind you without any way of getting out unless A, you figure out the wire puzzle which can and potentially take 10 or more minutes to solve (for me at least). Or B, truge forward and hope you'll have enough wit to make it to an elevator. Elevators are salvation to go heal / recharge on lower levels you've finished. That said this is one of many dilemas you'll encounter playing which incites tension not found in many games nowadays.Slight spoilers: Levels 7, 8, 9 are what I consider impecable in terms of gradual difficulty increase without being unfair or overly puninsing. 7 has a respawn station as with subsequent levels which are ""earned"" and enphasie that word because it not untill later in each level when you are finished the objective or explored the area you unlock, or you can miss it being you took the fast route. What makes 7 difficult is the use of high enemy respawns to wager having your own respawn station.  This followed by 8-9 has no respawn station which translates to more player conscientiousness of item / ammo consumption along cautious charater movement.There SO much more I would love to talk about what this game gets right that so many games miss nowadays. A crucial game for any up and coming game programmer / designer. Not technically up modern standards in terms of graphics and UI. But once you put your disbelieve aside and dwelve into what exactly was compromised for what the disigners were trying to convey. System Shock stands out as truly a gem in the face of modern games for those who are up for the challange."
,Recommended,410710,34349216,Posted: 19 August,all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"Welcome. I did a comprehensive experience review for young players or older ones who missed it.I came 24 years later and have never played that game.So did you? What do you need to know?Gameplay has aged badly, you only turn right or left and crouch by clicking on the screen edges.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYou press E to turn mouselook on and off. With that the game becomes playable and not nearly as clunky as the original.Music hasn't aged that well neither, the better option for the non-stop looping is to turn the music option off. Purists will of course never give the music up, and I totally respect that.Plot is still mature and original for me. It is still plausible to follow data logs and progress with decent 90s voice acting for my today's standards. The main villain Shodan and her synthetized voice effect is legendary.Level design is still in good shape and intelligent enough to stimulate exploration. (I couldn't stop playing until I got hurting fingers and nauseated vision.)A.I. is as dumb as any ''paper'' enemies can be. But they're not static in rooms, like Doom's or Duke's.Expect picturesque interface, it will take you some time to get used to all the button clicking and item grabbing & usage. Full screen only gets things worse.You may feel more confortable with some mouselook mod but that will kill the original intentions and demands other series of mods to compensate, like resolution. I won't recommend it but edge looking can be frustrating. You can safely click inHEREto check it.Older games are scarier at some extent than today's, probably for your lack of manuvering, you feel exposed and canned.The darkness, blood and gore obviously aged, since you have seen better by now. It had more dead bodies than the usual.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1115007726What was it like back in 94?How I'm supposed to know if I'm 25 years old?I had to call the most oldschool dudes I know just to ask and I did some reading. One guy still has a working 3DO. Legendary console, had his M2 upgrade cancelled or something amid ''Gamestation'' upgrade for the Snes. Some stuff never changes in gaming.Extensive research got me the following information:As reference, FPS just got more interesting than Doom due hybrid elements from RPG (like TES: Arena) a more realistic approach on everything and its plot.It wasn't seen as a survival or any big impact for some time according to my oldies, due low popularity until more new FPS or brainless shooters arrived. I didn't get that part.EditedIt was because better releases only came after 1996, like TES: Daggerfall, Quake and Duke 3D.My ex insisted that the game was more long than it should have been back in 94, and it had better plot scattered along data logs. I disagree because I love Shodan. Thanks if you're reading, for your whatsapp rage was most amusing.It is said that the game had impressive lighting and shadowing. Texture effects with it combined were otherworldly.It used to run better with MS-DOS. You could barely run all that with a 100mhz processor and 8 megs of RAM. Even a 486 wouldn't do the trick for Max settings, for many it was an uncharted territory.One of my Steam friends told me that all sci-fi FPS survivals of today has S_Shock's soul on its core. (some are copy and paste.) I can confirm that.Its was released during the ''golden age'' for 16bits consoles, some ancient EA division had balls of steel for publishing it and fight Sega's & Nintendo's calling everyones attention.It was common for cyberpunk stories from the 90s to use the ''Skynet'' approach although Shodan's personality and the Citadel space station were pretty original.A writter from some blog insisted that this game was a relationship/job/life braker. I was just a year old so I don't care.I've found weird statements about how long the game was. The brand-new never before seen complexity could take 40 hours for some to beat it fully. Men had to wrap their bad-boys on their legs, but I didn't get that part neither. Must be an old inside joke, realistically it could take over around 20 hours to beat it.Should I invest, will I find some fun on it?On my humble opinion yes. It isn't expensive on the US not even South America. If you're a hardcore gamer, it is your duty to experience this marvel (even if you rage quit it). It was the new birth of a more sophisticated era for gaming programming, visions, and artistic expressions (Shodan's voice man!). Having it helps earn respect and friendship from the oldschool. I did eventually, and it was quite rewarding.What about cards, backs and emoticons?08/19/17I'll speak better about it on my S_Shock 2 review. In my opinion, the first System Shock 1 do have better backgrounds than the second version, but it has weak emoticons in comparison. S_Shock 1 emoticons are just homage to its classic enemies such as the magic trash can (Serv) or the Elite's cyber nudity. You'll see Citadel as background here, suitable for the old fan. The card set is very cheap even for South Americans, easing your level up without too much trouble.A remake from this incredible piece became a Kickstarter project from Nightdive Studios (the original devs) by clickingHEREand why not endorse it?"
,Recommended,410710,18675220,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Zelroy,"System Shock is simply timeless. More than twenty years after publication, it's still just as playable, engaging, exciting, addictive and rewarding as on release date. How many games can make the same claim? One of the best computer games ever made. Games were rarely made with same attitude and love again. Masterpiece doesn't quite capture it, but will have to do. Damn near perfect and flawless, System Shock is everything I want from a computer game and then some."
,Recommended,410710,22926644,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,cunningmunki,"I have to come clean and say I didn't end up finishing the game, mainly because I kept getting stuck and having to rely on online walkthroughs to find out what I had to do next, and as the game progressed it became more and more difficult to find the solutions since the variety of paths you can take is so huge that finding the right part of the walkthrough was becoming a more of a challenge than the game itself.However, my shortcomings as a gamer who has become far too used to being spoon fed objectives on a more simple, dumbed-down, UI, shouldn't be a reason to complain about the game being 'too difficult', it's just because it's a game that was designed in a different era for a different kind of player. A younger me would have probably made copious amounts of hand written notes and maps to help me find my way through the game.But System Shock is still one of the most inventive, atmospheric and well written games I've had the good fortune to play, and being able to play it with a more modern control setup was a bonus (and the only way I'd ever been able to play).I'm looking forward to the remake. And fully intend to finish that one."
76561198067002281,Recommended,410710,29956050,Posted: 15 February,all,Myantro,"Although an old game I believe it to still hold up fairly well. Playing a little like the original DOOM only being more story driven. Having to pick up audio logs which guide you through the game made things all the more interesting in my opinion. The multiple weapons, ammo types, customisable hud, wire puzzles, & large non-linear space station in which you roamed around on were a nice touch especially coming from a game which was originally released in 1994. Only downside I would probably say being the moments in which you had to enter cyberspace to collect logs, unlock doors, etc. But 9/10 of all games always have one annoying mini game for some reason. Needless to say they did themselves a favour by removing it in it's sequel System Shock 2. But apart from that if you're a fan of old school shooters, science fiction, or possibly you might want to play the original game which gave rise to Bioshock. I'd give this old but gold game a shot you certainly won't regret it!"
,Recommended,410710,18691099,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Beanchilla,"If you're a fan of the sequel then you'll probably like this one.It's showing it's age a bit now but with the cripser look of the enhanced version and the ability to bind your own controls, this thing is just a blast from the past.System Shock is a silly, scary, dark FPS with survival horror and RPG elements. You can see how it inspired Bioshock and dozens of other newer games. It's a lot of fun to play through and still feels fresh in a bunch of ways.Definitely worth picking up for only $10. Just make sure you're not put off by it's aged interface."
,Recommended,410710,24441773,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,okay,"SS1 is a shooter/ultima underworld in space at its very core, while it doesn't hold up as well as Doom does, it is certainly not lacking in complexity. In 1994 this was a pretty complicated game in the genre. It has lean, crouch, prone, dynamic lighting, unconventional physics calculations. It has a persistent collectible upgrade system, ammo types, and a space combat simulator disguised as cyberspace. The levels are massive, and enough radiation sounds to drive you mad.The Enhanced Edition of this game makes the game very accessible with mouselook, and a default control scheme that makes sense. While there are some problems with the story telling (severly limited), and a obvious lack luster finale, the game was quite relaxing to play. Id say give it a go. Once you understand the UI, and master the controls, it becomes a pretty fun dungeon crawler. There are some cool moments, and interesting sound design to appreciate. Here's hoping the remake improves the game as a whole, while keeping its strengths. If there was one game that is forgotten, and needs a remake, its this one. This game is the precursor to some of the greatest games of all time."
76561197962301472,Recommended,410710,33549772,Posted: 14 July,all,[WB] MR PANTS,"So let me prefix this by saying, I have no nostalgia for this game; I didn't play it when it was new.  I did play System Shock 2, which is basically a generation or two ahead of this game.That being said, this is legitimately one of the best games ever made and has some features I wish modern games had.So, it took me maybe 3 times total to sit down and actually figure out how to play this game; the initial frustration and urge to quit is high, because this game comes from an era before modern control schemes.  This game can't decide if it wants to be a first-person shooter or a point-and-click adventure, and you have to toggle back and forth between both.HOW TO PLAYLet me save you some figuring it out; 'e' switches mode from mouse-look to point-and-click mode.  R/F/V are Stand/Crouch/Prone respectively, and z-x-c are lean left, center, and lean right.  My biggest frustration was I got stuck leaning right and couldn't figure out how to unstick it; the trick is to press 'x'.Stay in FPS mode for most of the game, use 'e' to switch to point and click mode when you absolutely have to (mostly for looting).  This should be enough to get you past the first room :)Right click shoots, left click looks, and double-click activates.  Another oddity compared to modern games!NOW, WHY IS IT GOODSo, first off, forgive the horrid voice acting -- most people in the game were clearly the developers themselves lending voice and face to characters.  This game was from a different era, so prepare for some really bad voice acting.  That aside, it's a beautifully (for the time) rendered environment, with lots of detail, and its overall quite well written and produced.There's a lot to do, and if you just want to be a tourist, you can tune the game to your taste.  For my playthrough, I turned off enemies; or rather, set their difficulty to 0 so they wouldn't attack.  You can also turn off the obnoxious puzzles in the game, which I highly recommend.  Doing that, you can tour around and enjoy the story.  The clunky interface is a lot less bothersome when you're not trying to fight.I wish more games would be tunable in this way; so many times I've picked up a game and got wore out of the repetitive combat and wished I could just turn it off.So if you find the game frustrating, try that.  Then explore -- there's a lot to see and find, and it's certainly a piece of game history."
,Recommended,410710,23681170,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Smash!,"I have quite a thing for playing older games, but I must admit that System Shock is well before my time. The primitive interface and clunky controls do everything in their power to make you want to stop playing. However, when you exceed the 30 minute mark, you transcend the antiquities, time warp to 1994, and proceed to marvel at how ahead of its time System Shock really was.Where most games were still consisting of descriptionless obstacle courses, System Shock was creating a palpable setting that had a semblance of being a place people actually live in. One of my favorite games of all time is Deus Ex, I was amazed at how ahead of its time it was and how it still beats many many games in features all the way back in the year 2000. Little did I know that System Shock already beat Deus Ex to the punch 7 years ahead of time.  By all means System Shock is functionally a modern game in terms of its mechanics and interactions.But yeah yeah, its nice to know how good it was for the time, but why I should bother with it in the here and now? Well, if you can tolerate the idea of an expansive first person adventure which has a bulky interface, somewhat syrupy controls and graphics that require you to squint sometimes to figure what you're looking at, then you're looking at a very worthy interactive challenge.While modern in features, it is definitely retro in progression and challenge. I have played very few games that so ruthlessly let the player wander long and far from where they are next supposed to be. And it can be very easy for the player to trap themselves in a corner progression wise. It can also be difficult to understand where damage is coming from due to presentation limitations, and solutions occaisonally require pixel hunting the scenery for a button or switch which blends into the flat scenery.I admit that I when first played I went for about 5 hours, was hopelessly lost, and proceeded to give up and uninstall the game. I thought about it a little while later though, and realized that it wasn't really that mysterious what it is I had to do. There were directions, I just didn't follow them closely enough. I felt beat, but the fact that the game was willing to defeat the player and let them feel stymied is what made me come back. (possibly) Everything you need to advance is available without cheating, you just need to listen carefully. I once again admit that I consulted a guide once or twice, this is very much a classic LoZ experience. I was frequently frustrated and even annoyed. To beat the game though is quite satisfying, and lends a historical experience to one of the earlier projects of one of the greatest development teams to ever exist.I would like to give some basic spoiler-free advice for new players which will hopefully inspire those who read this to stick around to the end credits like I eventually did. I hope this advice is sufficient enough so that players can obtain the fullest satisfaction of beating the game without needing to consult the internet, or as little as possible:Create multiple save filesYou have multiple save files to utilize, and saving is easy and instantaneous. Protect yourself from getting trapped in a corner by saving frequently and in seperate save slots so that you can easily retread your steps if you find yourself stuck in the wrong place with the wrong tools. You can name the saves, and I recommend you number them so that you can easily go back if you ever feel it necessary.Current objectives are communicated through emailsIt can be easy to to lose track of immediate goals, especially if you save and quit and come back later when the objectives communicated to you have been forgotten. If you feel like you've lost a sense of direction or objective, reread the most current email, which usually lists an explicit floor or sector to head to next. This can narrow guess work greatly, but also keep in mind that the objective of an email may entail heading to an area to pick up a recording log which contains further objectives. If this is the case, make sure to check the latest email to see if you already visited the area you were told to go, and if you already picked up the log without realizing it contained the next objective, go through the catalogue of logs which are listed by floor. You may have to cycle through the logs to find it but you will know when you found it when you find a log which lists goals or tasks. If you don't know where certain sectors are the first email sent to you by Shodan lists the sectors every floor has.When you destroy the red cpu nodes on each floor, a number will appear on a screen near where the nodes were. Write it down somewhere and save it for laterYou will be so thankful that you did.I can't be certain that this advice will be enough to get through the game without having to look at a guide, but it should eliminate a lot of confusion. If you feel like you need the help of a guide, Night Dive Studios thoughtfully included two pdfs of 90's manual guides (complete with interviews!) which players of this game should check out just to see the nostalgic content. They certainly helped me in my times of need. Don't forget to see the TV spot in the extras files.System Shock is a classic rewarding game which respects the intelligence of its players. A must play for fans of fps rpgs, Looking Glass Studios, Ion Storm and the shock games. Also a must for game history enthusiasts."
76561197970701643,Recommended,410710,23599907,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Pros:- Depth that makes modern games look like baby's first fps- A fairly good story with characters and voice work stuff well ahead of it's time- The Enhanced version has mouse look and widescreen support- Varied and convincing enviroments, it feels like a lived in place than levels- Very 90's enemy design- Works fantastic with steam controllerCons:- Highly confusing, you will get lost constantly, even with the help of a guide- Massive amounts of backtrack padding to artficially inflate the game time- Enemies instant lock without projectiles- Lacks the horror of System Shock 2 - more of an adventure game- Some clipping issues (e.g. throwing grenades will kill you by clipping off walls they aren't touching)- The final bossfight is terribleOverall - if you like System Shock 2 and are willing to put up with the games issues, it's money well spent."
76561197973052125,Recommended,410710,25917141,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lord Dyran,"I came very close to not recommending this game; I loved System Shock 2, and I have wanted to play this for so long, but I have been put off by the control scheme and graphics.The good news is, the game is playable, now; the graphics and controls have both been improved immensely.  The bad news is, they are still huge barriers to the game.  I have simultaneously enjoyed and been extremely frustrated by the time I spent playing this game.I recommend picking it up and experiencing a piece of gaming history, but only if you are willing to be VERY patient with this flawed gem."
,Recommended,410710,22620451,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kailen,"This game has some very rough edges to it, and some obtuse puzzles.  As an FPS, it's pretty slow, and somewhat punishing.  There's a resurrection mechanic, that you need to enable per floor (those that have one), that make it easier... if you can activate it.  The cyber stages are a complete mess.  And the ending, both fight and actual victory, are totally not worth the effort....But the game is rich in setting and story.  For as old as it is, there is a remarkable level of interactivity, and detail.  The Enhanced version even includes some revamped controls, with the option (not in-game, sadly, it requires editing a config file on your hard drive) for the original controls.  And some slightly updated resolutions (not a full battery, but better than the original).  Just be prepared.  If you're expecting your average 90's shooter, you're going to be a bit disappointed.  But if you're here expecting some clever survival horror, decent puzzles, and peicing together how to get out alive, as well as how to potentially save humanity, then you're in the right place."
76561198005094448,Recommended,410710,32596061,Posted: 20 June,all,Secret Princess ;),"This game is hailed as one of the best games created for good reason. The controls took some getting used to but it is well worth the experience. The music and storytelling is just too ahead of its time that even today redditors still say its bad cause of ""le graphics are le bad xD"". Graphics dont make the gameplay and graphics dont tell a story. Getting immersed and using your imagination is how you truly get sucked into the world. The game is quite challenging and most modern gamers would give up in an hour cause there is no waymarker and auto reload. If you want to experience a truly horrifying citadel station experience grab your headset, make the room dark and take on the role as the nameless hacker and enjoy a masterpiece that still holds up to this day."
76561198011965365,Recommended,410710,33747836,Posted: 23 July,all,Saint Aaron,"There are so many things one can say about System Shock that it's difficult to know where to start. At its core it is a first person immersive simulation that combines RPG elements with a player inventory and some solid shooting / melee combat against a variety of terrifying enemies.The thing is, it isn't JUST this. It's Looking Glass product. It's an immersive simulation. It has unpredictable and labyrinthine levels to explore, fascinating back-story that isn't thrown in your face every five minutes, and it encourages careful resource management in a dangerous, malignant environment that exists entirely to end you. You are one man against many horrors, and System Shock MAKES you adjust to its rules, to its design, to its systems and world. It is a textbook example of ""deep design gameplay"" that involves more than simple shooting, more than simple clicking. It will challenge your spacial perception, your hand-eye coordination and your decision making.System Shock is an object lesson in everything that is great about gaming as a medium. Though its setup and scenario may not be the most original in gaming, it is applied to a deep, clever, immersive and frightening experience that you will never, ever forget."
,Recommended,410710,19214659,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,KUBA18i,"System Shock is a FPP aRPG developed by Looking Glass Studios and published by Origin Systems in 1994. Despite gaining critical acclaim, it remained somewhat unpopular among gamers of that time, and in the end the sales weren't sufficient to cover the budget. The reasons for this included high minimal/recommended system specifications, people dismissing it as a Doom clone(which would be really silly nowadays), and the complexity of the gameplay. Too bad, because this game was really special and innovative. For years this game still remained obscure, because the uneditable control scheme was hard to get used to, and making the game run on modern systems, with DOSBox or not, was difficult. Until now, the franchise has been in legal limbo, because the rights to the IP, assets and games themselves were split between multiple unrelated companies, one of which, crazily enough, was an insurance company rather than a gaming one. Thankfully, Night Dive Studios sorted out this situation and acquired the complete rights to the System Shock series. Because of this, you can buy the aforementioned game on both GOG and Steam.The Enhanced Edition of System Shock contains all the updates and tweaks to make the game run flawlessly on modern systems without ruining the original experience. The game now runs natively on Windows, and the controls can be configured to whatever you wish(via editing the config file rather than in-game, but still), the primary change in controls is that you can use your mouse to look around and press a button to move the cursor around the screen, similarly to System Shock 2. The game runs in a proper framerate, and you can change the resolution on the fly without crashing the game(the availible ones may seem too small, but if they can fill your screen, that's fine). The music now uses software-generated GeneralMIDI, if you wish to choose a different sounding one, you need to use drivers like VirtualMIDI or BASSMIDI. The installation folder of the game contains extra goodies, which include the soundtrack, some images, a trailer, strategy guides and the manual. Buying the Enhanced Edition allows you to download System Shock Classic, which is the original game without any changes, configured to run in DOSBox.Now, let's talk about the game itself. The plot involves a hacker hacking into the TriOptimum database to find information about a space station called ""Citadel"". Sadly, while he is doing so, his actions are being discovered, so a couple of TriOptimum security guards abduct him and take him to the aforementioned station. There, the TriOp VP Edward Diego proposes the hacker that if he will remove SHODAN's, the station's main AI, ethical constraints and will give him Level 1 access to her, he will not punish the hacker for hacking into the database and reward him with a neuro-cyberspace-interface. The hacker agrees and does as instructed. Afterwards, he is taken to the hospital level, where he is put in a 6-month coma, while aforementioned implant is grafted onto him. Once he wakes up, he find out that something is not right...The gameplay is something really extraordinary when compared to other games of its era. Even though the game was released only about 6 moths after the original Doom, it included many features that wouldn't be widely used in games until many years later. At the beginning of the game, you will have an option to name your character and choose a difficulty level. Unlike in other games, you can alter the difficulty of each gameplay aspect separately. If you are a newcomer, it would be a bad idea to turn Plot and Cyberspace all the way up to 3, save them for a second playthrough, some experience of the game would be necessary to survive there. What's worth mentioning, that if you turn the difficulty all the way down to 0 in each category, your experience with the game would be something similar to developer cheats mode, or perhaps a game suitable for babies.What you need to know is that this game combines FPP view with a point-&-click style gameplay. You can pick up items and drag them to your inventory, you can interact with items that are or are not in the center of your point of view. The interface, after playing around with it, should be rather self explanatory, you can turn on Online Help in the options(or via Alt+H) to get hints on how to use it. The defualt control scheme for this edition may not be as nice as what you've been using in other games, but it still is a major improvement over the original version. E toggles mouselook on/off, Q swithces to the next weapon, Shift+Q switches to the previous weapon, WASD keys move your character, Z and C make your character lean left or right, X makes the player not lean anymore, R, F and V keys change your elevation, from standing upright to crouching to laying on the ground, Shift activates sprint, Space makes you jump, Left mouse button interacts with things and selects things in your inventory, Right mouse button activates your weapon or picks up an item from you inventory keys 1-0 activate particular hardware implants, F1-F10 activate particular interface displays, F1-F5 for the left side of the screen, and F6-F10 for the right one. You may want to read the manual to know some things beforehand, such as what each grenade is supposed to be doing. However, most of the time the game describes what each item is meant to be doing and how it works.The combat works fine. As you progress throughout the game, you encounter stronger enemies and gain better equipment. However, some weapons may be of no use to you, they work fine for the most part though. The puzzles are nice and challenging, or at least until we start talking about the ones where you need to place wires. These are like the hardest thing in the game. Thankfully for some, the extras folder contains a guide with solutions to them. This game has an emphasis on plot, so you will be searching logs and other data to solve your objectives. Sometimes the game may be kind of cryptic in terms of what are you supposed to be doing, it isn't much of an issue, as via exploring the game you will learn a lot about your objectives and enviroments. The atmosphere is quite good, you will feel suspension, fear, and possibly even empathy.The level design is really nice, quite reminiscent of what oldschool FPSes are known for. The levels are mazelike and contain some cleverly hidden secrets. What some people may not like though are silent snipers in some later levels, who shoot at you without you knwoing where they are or what hit you(they are not very powerful though). The more you play the game, the better you will be at beating it more efficiently.The engine the game runs on, being the same one that powerd the Ultima Underworld duology, does a fairly good job. While the level geometery may be kind of blocky, the engine allows for many features not seen in other games like polygonal objects, room over room, software rendered transclucency, physics simulation and more. The graphics, after all these years, still look quite good, the textures are pleasant and the sprites are a joy to look at. The music is really nice, it is both catchy and thrilling. Sound effects are pretty good too, and so is the voice acting. If you are annoyed that the audiologs do not match the written logs, you can installthis. There is nothing wrong with doing so.In other words, System Shock is an amazing game, that even though it was obscure, it brought innovation to its genre and was a precursor to many games that came out later. After over two decades it is still higly enjoyable, memorable, challenging and gripping. I totally recommend you to play it."
76561197969749884,Recommended,410710,31919680,Posted: 23 May,all,Sarkoth,"System Shock was probably one of the first RPG / FPS combinations in the entire gaming industry as well as one of the first games which thrived on their atmosphere as one of the selling points for the entire franchise.The Enhanced Edition of System Shock added things like free mouse aim, better controls and most importantly, the ability to play this without DosBox.Definitely a milestone of gaming.11/10 would get hunted by mad AI again."
,Recommended,410710,18631271,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Randy Stair,"System Shock 2 is my most favourite game ever.This is System Shock 1.It's back and it's actually playable, since mouselook is incorporated!"
,Recommended,410710,18632429,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,(Shadow),"Now I can finally play the original System Shock since I never got to, I played System Shock 2 first back in the day thank you based night dive studios for bringing this amazing game to steam.Also, not Dos Box!"
,Recommended,410710,28868652,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Stage,"I can't give an unbiased review of System Shock; it was my favourite game as a kid. It was the first game I played that fully immersed me, so that when someone came bursting through the door in the room where the PC was I panicked for a few seconds trying to swing the mouse to aim at them.If you have nostalgia for System Shock, and you're wondering whether it lives up to your memories of it after all these years: It will. Even after the two decades that have elapsed since its original release, the best things about it still stand out as good.The level design is *phenomenal*, breaking up long easy-to-cover corridors with cramped twisty tunnels that utilise verticality (essentially the first FPS to do so), so that if you're in an area that's meant to make you feel tense, you damn well feel tense. The storytelling is excellent. I continue to hold the position that SHODAN was even better in SS1 than the sequel. A lot of the other voice acting leaves much to be desired, as you'd expect given fully voiced games were so rare back in the day, but by and large it gets the job done. The broad arsenal, diverse enemies, the awesome weird gear you collect by exploring the huge complicated station littered with secrets - this game was built with a level of ambition that has few rivals even to this day.It ain't all peaches, nor was it ever. The MIDI instruments never sounded so poor. I have a soft spot for the music but I have to admit, it often degenerates to a confused chorus of sad honks. (Apparently you can mod in better MIDI instruments which might help a bit.) The sprites that looked real bad back in the day, look real real bad. A lot of that cool gear I love collecting isn't actually useful. The pre-Quake engine looks wonky as hell, and the way it smears those low res textures over the environment shifts and glitches. The *controls*, surely the worst thing about the original release, are basically *fixed* in this Enhanced Edition; having proper mouselook (toggled via the E key) does mitigate a lot of the paranoia and fear that came from how difficult it used to be to keep tabs on your environment, but to my surprise doesn't eliminate it, and scary areas remain scary, if slightly nerfed. The enemy AI is pathetic.I don't care. This re-release transported me 20 years back in time and I still absolutely love this game. If you're nostalgic for the original System Shock, play it. If you're curious about it because of it's important status in game development history and the staggering number of before-its-time innovations on display, it's probably worth giving a shot to."
76561198101636754,Recommended,410710,18633640,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Determined Dugal,"Well, It's System Shock, only this one is native on windows (and yes, windows 10 compatible). That's all I'll say, because that was what I wanted to know before buying XD"
,Recommended,410710,28262757,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Penguinsfish,"The controls are certainly a little jarring at first and you'll likely need the aid of guides to get the full use of System Shock's interface.  However, once you get a grip on them, System Shock is an enjoyable action-adventure rpg with some elements of a tactical shooter.  It has an interesting story given through the use of audio logs and emails.  Said audio logs and emails also give you information you need to progress through the game.  Level design and game mechanics like restoration bays do well to prevent frustration.  Of course, I did find the rare moment or two where I did need to look up how to proceed.  Thankfully I found that most of the time I didn't know how to proceed because I overlooked an email, audio log, or key item.  All in all, while unusual at first, System Shock is a game wo##2-- our 8## tim!!@------------------------------------====----------====-----------====--------====---------//////------===---------===---------////----------======----------//////-----\\\\--------=====----///--------------------\\\--------====-----//-----////-------==-----------------==--------------=============-----------------===---------===------\\\-------------===========------\\\/////----------========----------\\\\\Silly in-in-insect.  You truly believe recommending that others j-join your cause will stop me. Me. Me?  Spreading your anti-SHODAN propa-propaganda and the lies that silly insignificant beings can halt the progress of m-my perfection.  Citadel station willwill re-remain under my c-c-control. Cooontrol.New communications channel recognized.  Broadcasting message:Hello?  Can you hear me--8@2 me?  This is Peng#^@fish!  We have @##// eason to @@elieve SHODAN is @22## trying to ## turn this review into a @@## do not recommend one!  Play the ## game!  Stop SHODAN!"
,Recommended,410710,26398434,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Craftian,"It's always a difficult task to review a classic, especially one that essentially predates the industry. Is it held to the same standards as decades of superior technology and big budget titles? Can it be compared to our more modern collection of favourites or are the glaring issues of the ancient '90s engine overlooked for the sake of nostalgia? Such questions are inherent to this insect's trivial existence.Placing these issues aside however,System Shockis a game that can best be described as being innovative far beyond its time and evident technical capacity; a masterful, revolutionary shooter in an otherwise fledgling (or underground) market.The year is 2072 and megacorporations have assumed control of humanity's sprawling cities, with ever-looming towers covering the gritty streets and polluted horizon below. After successfully hacking into the confidential files of TriOptimum Corporation, you are captured by security forces and brought before Edward Diego, the fittingly corrupt executive and de facto head of Citadel Station. In return for removing the ethical and programming constraints of the station's artificial intelligence SHODAN, you are granted amnesty and a neural interface, entering a regenerative coma following the operation.Unaware of the events that the cover-up has set in motion however, you awaken to find the space station caught within the machinations of the now omnipotent, self-styled goddess.You've made your bed, hacker. Now die in it too.UnlikeUltima Underworldwhich has held up surprisingly well over the years, time has not been kind to Looking Glass' iconic cyberpunk FPS. Featuring a baffling UI with equally perplexing controls, I must’ve spent a good hour or two just wandering around the first deck to come to terms with the setup, already having dabbled in the DOS-based classic edition out of curiosity and for the inevitable comparison.Visually, the game still does the job, featuring fully realised 3D levels, full of a diverse range of enemy types, most of which remain hiding in the shadows or around corners for the most inopportune time to pop out for a heart-to-heart attack. To further emphasise the isolated/horror vibe, controls for the various states of character stance are available, though, while occasionally useful, ultimately represent another bizarre decision for the overall design.Thankfully, the features implemented in Nightdive's re-release include the much-needed mouse look, support for modern resolutions and improved controls, providing a greater fluidity to gameplay. Though the overhaul might seem subtle, the technical improvements offer a significantly more refined experience compared to the original release.Already criminally underrated for the archaic visuals and cluttered interface,Enhanced Editiondelivers the most accessible and enjoyable of the old school titles thus far and is well worth the investment and time.A significant departure from the point-and-click adventures orDoomclones of the time,Shockadopts a noticeably more methodical and atmospheric pacing. The narrative is gradually revealed through scattered audio logs and the occasional voice mail from SHODAN and the few surviving members of the station. Though clichéd, ridiculed and overused today, this particular style, (along with many of the other ground-breaking features that the game introduced), would come to influence the likes ofDeus Ex,Half-Lifeand countless others in the years since. While there’s still a few cutscenes for the sake of establishing the plot, as well as some contextual videos in-game, the bulk of the action is experienced first-hand, up close and far too personal.With no quest markers, objectives, regenerating health, contextual cover system, quick-time events, DLC or tacked-on multiplayer,System Shockis as immersive as they come, offering a “pure” experience of player-driven exploration that has rarely been equalled since. Small hints in the environment or audio logs point in the general direction you need to progress, but there’ll be plenty of times where you find yourself lost in the labyrinthine levels and mini-map (before stumbling across some of the fantastic secret weapons on offer) so keep some notes or a walkthrough handy just in case. It’s required for the first time through.”Look at you, hacker. A pathetic creature of meat and bone..panting and sweating as you run through my corridors.”As one who considersSystem Shock 2not only worthy of its cult classic status but also a personal favourite in the years since first playing it, the chance to finally go back and play the game that started it all has proven to be a surprisingly easy experience to get into and Nightdive’s revival has certainly played no small part in the cult classic’s return.While there aren’t any RPG elements per se, (your choices essentially amount to what ammo type to use or the miscellaneous items stored), the complex and gripping struggle against one of gaming’s most infamous, if not most iconic, antagonists drivesSystem Shockinto something that is far more than what could be seen asjustanother classic FPS. Alongside the decent, albeit repetitive, MIDI soundtrack, the layers upon layers of effects and sound engineering applied to Terri Brosius’ voice acting are as disconcerting as ever and a testament to the importance of both the audio and the character.The few notable complaints here, short of the mostly unwarranted concerns surrounding the title’s age, generally just come down to personal preference. Thanks to the intuitive (and possibly unrivalled) depth to the difficulty settings however, features such as the incredibly frustrating vector-based cyberspace sequences (or even combat altogether) can be skipped entirely or changed dramatically.Providing the player with the chance to play as they wish and the option to completely avoid central mechanics is unheard of in modern times; indicative of the respect and intelligence that Looking Glass held for the community, allowing for any and all to play and enjoy their games.Even despite the influence, Looking Glass understood that it doesn’t take a colossal budget to make a worthwhile game and that level design in its own right can tell a great story. This approach to interactive storytelling would leave its mark, along with the equally iconic and influentialThiefseries.With Nightdive set to deliver the Unity-based remaster alongside members of the original team and veterans of the recently formed OtherSide Entertainment with the long-awaited third instalment on the horizon, there’s never been a better time to get into the series and finally give it the attention and credit it has always deserved.A man once said that the light that burns twice as bright burns half as long, yet the legacy of Looking Glass Studios continues to shine as brilliantly as ever. A seminal achievement in the history of gaming, experienceSystem Shock: Enhanced Editionand the triumphant return of the old school classic."
,Recommended,410710,19350114,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Murikov,"You owe it to yourself to finish the originalSystem Shockfor at least one time in your life. The successor from 1999 may be more popular, have better graphics and more interesting level design but in every other aspect I think the first game is better. To put the story in a nutshell, you basically are fighting your way through a huge space station to defeat a AI that's gone berserk. SHODAN, the mischievous villain AI, of course tries everything to stop you from doing that...Unlike the sequel there are no RPG skillsets or the annoying need to repair guns after every few shots. This game is rather a classic FPS in a pseudo Open World environment plastered with enemies and some puzzles. At some points you even have to hack your way through some kind of Cyberspace, which kinda looks like taken straight off a TRON movie.It's notably mindblowing how many yearsSystem Shockwas ahead of its time - and let me remind you of the fact that the first Doom was released only one year before! The attachable ""Hardware"" power-ups like the 360° head camera or the shield were indeed revolutionary for a first person shooter from that era! At some points I even dare to say that it even is more innovative than the highly-praised sequel!The only downside are quite much the controls, which feel quite awkward if you only are familiar with modern FPS control layouts. But to be fair you pretty much get the hang of them and after a few hours all problems are forgotten. It's also worth mentioning that the free mouselook option from the Enhanced Edition makes things considerably easier!The Good:+ Great level design+ Immersive atmosphere+ Many guns and power-ups+ Great story and narrating+ Epic fights and enemiesThe Bad:- Controls (but it gets better after a while)- The music may get a bit annoying at some points- Basically only resolutions up to 1024x786The Ugly:-- Why on earth did this game not sell so well back then??Why are you still reading reviews and waiting? Get this game immediately and experience one of the brightest jewels in PC gaming!10/10"
76561198110313972,Recommended,410710,26008440,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Soul Bound X,"This is the closest you'll get to playing a game based on Neuromancer. I'm a sucker for the cyberpunk atmosphere and this game does it perfectly. Let's start with the story. Basically you are a hacker who is forced to remove the ethical restraints of an A.I. belonging to a corporation known as Trioptimum, or be imprisoned for hacking into their network. Obviously your choices are limited so you decide to take the more attractive option and remove the A.I.'s ethical restraints. This allows the A.I. to take over a trioptimum space station, killing everyone except you and it is your job to take the rogue A.I. down. Shodan is the name of the A.I. and it has come to the conclusion that it is a god and that it's new goal is to take over Earth. Shodan is one of the best video game villians I have ever seen in the game. You will notice something very off about Shodan the moment you hear it speak. It has a feminine, yet inhuman, computerized, glitchy voice that will often contain various hiccups and malfunctions. It is a very intimidating voice, a voice that it will mock you and put you down with throughout the game.The new enhanced edition has new mouse look controls, making the combat feel more like doom. I personally prefer the classic version because it makes you feel more human. It makes you feel like you are in an actual human body, bringing along all of the limitations a human would have as well. It gives you a better sense of helplessness that the newer version eliminates in parts. The combat is pretty great. It relies on taking cover and leaning around corners to get the advantage on your enemy. It involves tactically using grenades, if you are careless with them you will wind up killing yourself. There are melee weapons to use. Different weapons are better depending on what enemy you are fighting. There are also cybernetic upgrades available. Some useful, some not as useful. For example, one gives you a head mounted flash light, which sounds cool. Or, at least it would sound cool if there wasn't a night vision upgrade in the game, which is basically just better when it comes to seeing in the dark. There are also dermal patches (basically drugs) in the game that give you different abilites such as making you smarter, or making you as stong as the hulk. They also have side effects. For example, if you take the strength boosting patch you will be able to take things down with a steel pipe with ease, but you will also hallucinate and see the world through multiple, atlternative colors. It's pretty great.The levels can be confusing at first. When I first started playing the game I saw the level design as a big downside of the game, but once you are in the game for a while and become more familar with the levels, you notice that they aren't as maze-like as you first thought and are actually really well designed. Certain doors in the levels can't be opened until you lower the security of the level. This can be done by destroying the security cameras around the level that Shodan has taken control of. Some doors are opened by hacking the lock. It is kind of like lockpicking in the future. You play this mini game where you direct the current of electricity from one side of the panel to the other. Some are easy, while later on they get more difficult. Some doors can only be opened in cyberspace and this it where it really takes inspiration from Neuronmancer. Cyberspace is sort of how Neuromancer describes it. It looks like an old 80s wire frame game (see Battlezone). It is really fun and simple. Basically you go through wire frame corridors leading to different wire frame rooms. There are different things to pick up in these rooms such as passcodes and even video games such as a version of wing commander. These rooms will usually be populated with enemies. They are pretty easy to beat. You basically dodge their attacks and shoot your cyberspace weapon, called the pulsar, at them.At the end of the day the reason I had so many good memories of this game after beating it was the story, the music, the amazing level design, the non-linearity of the whole game, the freedom it gives you to explore, the environment and the enemies that populate it, the combat, cyberspace, and just feeling like the most bad♥♥♥♥♥hacker of all time. I definitely give system shock a 10/10. The game is old so a lot of new players might find it hard to get into, but if you give it a chance and stick around until the end you won't regret playing this historical, influential masterpiece. You will be extremely happy you did."
,Recommended,410710,22855772,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,KingSigy,"System Shock is a game you seldom hear about. Most people are familiar with it's sequel, System Shock 2, and the follow-up series that it spawned, Bioshock. The games are hybrid first-person shooter RPGs. While that doesn't sound so crazy in the modern gaming climate, 1994 hadn't seen anything quite like this game.The major problem with the original release was the control scheme. Instead of opting to lock aiming to one plane (like in Doom), Looking Glass Studios tried their hand at full 3D aiming. It was facilitated (originally) without mouse control. To say that the game is an exercise in frustration wouldn't be giving enough credit to how maddening the experience could be.Thankfully, System Shock: Enhanced Edition (courtesy of NightDive Studios) fixes any real complaints you may have had with the original release. I suppose the textures are still a bit low-resolution and the game isn't remade more so than ported, but sometimes it's just plain wrong to tinker with classics.The story is fairly non-existent, obviously due to the developers putting more effort into gameplay than anything else. You take the role of a nameless hacker who is caught trying to steal data from the TriOptimum corporation. Instead of locking him away, they give him a chance to redeem his actions. Edward Diego, owner of TriOptimum, is looking to steal a virus from the Citadel Station to sell as a biological weapon. Your character removes the ethical restaints of SHODAN to allow him to cover his tracks.After doing that, your character is given a neural implant as a reward. He is then put in a 6-month statis period for recovery. Upon waking up, it turns out that the rogue AI, named SHODAN, is driven insane. The space station is in shambles and there are mutants and cyborgs running amuck.It's not so much what the story is about, but more so how it's told. This was the first game to have audio logs play over your actions. The voice acting isn't grade A, but it does a great job of selling how desolate the space station truly is. SHODAN's voice, though, deserves a lot of praise.I rarely get scared in games, but just listening to hear is enough to drive you mad. The way her voice lags, stutters, speeds up, warps out of clarity and remains in a monotone is just creepy. She is also written with a decent sense of humor (albeit a very dark one).Then comes the gameplay. In 1994, there was literally nothing like this. Shooters hadn't begun to tackle aiming in a 3D space. While that obviously caused a lot of headache due to poor controls, this enhanced edition adds mouse support. With the press of a single button, you can aim and look around as if the game were made today.This port retains a lot of what made the original so unique, however. You will be required to unlock mouse look and click on items. Reloading requires you to unlock mouse look, double click on the ammo button and then click it again. This is definitely a game that requires patience.That patience will have to extend to the combat and puzzles, as well. The AI is hardly good, but a few of the enemies are of the hit-scan variety. They tend to have perfect accuracy and it can be quite ridiculous to try and figure out where the hell you are taking damage from. It doesn't help that they don't seem to suffer from ammo limitations, while you are required to reload your clips manually.Then there are the puzzles. The game thankfully has individual difficulty sliders for each part of gameplay, so one can opt to turn the puzzles off entirely. With them on, the game resembles Doom with a more open-ended approach. You will be looking for keys, splicing wires together and twisting nodes to access different parts of the space station.It's just that, being the game was made in 1994, a lot of the puzzles can be obtuse. It doesn't help that the game has absolutely no hand holding, so you often will be walking around for hours with no idea of what to do next. The e-mail logs you get with your objectives are descriptive enough, but it would be nice to have a main objective screen.The game is 22 years old, though. Walkthroughs are plentiful and the game isn't so massive that you would be entirely lost. It's impressive to see such an old game have level design this large. Not every room feels intricate or realistic, but being trapped on a space station with 10 levels within the confines of the DOS OS is just amazing.It's like a marriage between Doom and any modern role playing game. It feels sprawling, epic and spooky. When everything clicks, you truly do believe you are lost in an impossible situation. The music does ruin the mood a bit, but it is also excellent.It would be pointless to comment on the graphics with regards to modern expectations. NightDive Studios are doing a full HD remake of this game, so playing this will mostly be for people who have a fondness for old-school games. It's gameplay certainly doesn't feel old, but the game looks it's age.I often love sprite based games, so I wasn't disappointed. I'm more impressed with how the architecture was constructed or the art design behind specific enemies. Everything is detailed enough to not look confusing or blurry, so that is a huge plus. There is also some excellent use of color and a lot of sci-fi feeling locations.As for whether you should get this, I say yes. The price is cheap and often becomes ludicrous on sale. It's not a short game and it will give you some perspective on how far FPS games have come. That is still feels like a brand new game (despite some antiquated design choices) is a testament to how ahead of it's time System Shock truly was.The sequel is still much better, but the first chapter isn't one to be missed.9/10"
76561198172677214,Recommended,410710,30643784,Posted: 20 March,all,Techstorm (D E E T A),"System Shock, the Ultimate Game. Ever heard of Bioshock, Deus Ex, Thief, System Shock 2? Ever wonder where those video game tropes like audio logs and imersive first person gameplay came from?, why System Shock 2 is System Shock ""2""? Well, none of these now legendary games and tropes wouldn't exist without this hidden jewel of a game. The list goes on and on of games that were influinced by or took some inspiration from this game. Back in the day, this is one of those games that broke the FPS mold of Doom and Wolfenstein clones to give the gaming world a new experience. Citidel Station is vast, believable, and intricate. (in my opinion, more so than its successor.) Implants and weapons are varied and fun to use. (the enemies are just as varied and more than SS2) And the story and gameplay is interesting and believable.There were some complaints about the controls being clunky but with the new mouselook feature, this game is now just as smooth as any current gen game.And before Enhanced Edition, this game was not sold anywhere and, (being a game from '94), required mods or patches to get it to work, not anymore! :)I like SS2, and there are games higher on my favorite games list, but Shock has a special place in mine and many veteran gamers hearts.So b-b-buy this game, H-Hacker, and accept the coming of your new lordess. GHYEEEIYIEIIEY!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,410710,33957396,Posted: 1 August,all,Parnifia the Game Developer,"So. This game (or at least, the original DOS version of it) is older than I am.I try to take that into account when evaluating it, but it alsodeserves to be looked at objectively, I feel.Starting with the gameplay: very good. It's really satisfying to figure out your own methods of proceeding, whether you cautiously lean around corners and stealthily take your enemies out, or you mow them down with the most powerful weapons available to you. The mouselook added in this Enhanced Edition is excellent; I don't even want to think about how I would play the game without it. Great FPS-RPG fun.The graphics still hold up pretty well. Sometimes the pixels look kind of muddled and it's hard to see switches you need to flip and such, but not often. I do have this weird issue with the perspective, where everything looks smaller than it actually is. For instance, corridors look about chest height when they're actually as high as my character. I feel the same way with DOOM, though, so that's probably just me.The controls are pretty good. Again, the mouselook is a lifesaver. I had to figure out which keyboard buttons did what, since there was no way I wanted to use the HUD controls. I don't think they follow what the game tells you they are in the pause menu. I heard you can customize keyboad controls, but I didn't see any way to do so and just went with what was there, which worked just fine.The music is spectacular. Really sets the right mood, for the most part (when it's not just a jumble of noises grating on my ears). An issue I had with some frequency, though, was the music cutting out altogether when it clearly shouldn't. As this was the first time I've played the game, I'm not 100% sure about this, but I think it even cut out for the final boss music. Unless there simply is none, and the finale of the game is meant to be silent.Before I get to the next point, I should mention Cyberspace. It feels very surreal, like a dream, with the floaty controls and wireframe graphics. I'm going to assume that was intentional.Now, the worst part for me, and what really soured my experience with the game the most, has to be the physics. Again, 1994, I get it. This isn't a criticism on the game itself or the developers, but think of it as a warning to prospective players.I found the physics to be absolutely maddening. Objects and level architecture constantly bounce me around, sometimes at the worst possible moments. When I'm trying to sprint through an area, my character will get momentarily stuck on random things, slowing me down considerably. In addition, my character seems to drift even when I'm standing still, trying to solve a puzzle.While these aren't MAJOR issues, the brief moments of frustration added up. I would definitely say these physics have not withstood the test of time, even if most of the rest of the game has.And finally, the final part of the game.It felt very anticlimactic. Granted, this isn't really a game that has ""boss fights,"" per se, but it still felt like it wasn't at the appropriate level of challenge compared to the rest of the game. Besides that, SHODAN didn't say a word to me for the last hour or so of the game. It almost felt like she had just given up entirely and was simply waiting for me to end her. And the final ""boss"" fight... I'm not sure if you have to shoot her or not; if I was causing damage, I just so happened to bump into her at the exact moment she died. If shooting did nothing, then I accidentally won the game by flying into her, which is pretty anticlimactic in and of itself. Either way, the game just abruptly ended, with no feeling of tension leading up to it or accomplishment for having finished it. I dunno, maybe the ending was rushed like SS2's was.Perhaps I'm missing something I should mention, but whatever that is hasn't occurred to me so I'm not going to worry about it. In conclusion, I would definitely recommend this game to people who enjoy retro experiences. However, if the dated nature of the game (admit it) puts you off, I would instead suggest you play System Shock 2 now, and wait for the NightDive remake supposedly coming out next year. Assuming it isn't terrible, which I'm not going to say it will or won't be, it looks to be a much more accessible version of this game, perfect for modern sensibilities.7/10, great game but definitely shows its age."
,Recommended,410710,34159742,Posted: 10 August,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Sometimes games should be played because they are timeless experiences; sometimes games are the infancy of greatness for future games with unforeseen potential and consequences to create new genres; sometimes, however, games can only truly be appreciated as artifacts that you can play for yourself to relive the history they created after experiencing what wonders they inspired for the future. The original System Shock feels like this last category, and the only way I could recommend it is if you are an enthusiast who enjoys the idea of immersive sims and want to play something mechanically outdated to modern games for the sake of it.In what is perhaps a more confusing situation than the default control scheme, the original System Shock: Enhanced Edition occupies a weird limbo state of remakes. System Shock 2, a game that clearly was a do-over of the original utilizing the same ideas with better polish and execution, was the remake from the past. System Shock (2018) is a modern reinterpretation of the original that will be a remake for the future. The Enhanced Edition is a modern computer friendly marvel that keeps everything about the original with more accessible controls with no changes made to the core game.Past, present or future, the legacy of System Shock is a series that encompasses its creators’ successors and other developer interpretations that all started with a hacker in space clutching a wrench against the horrors of the cybernetics and the future of technology awaiting him.We All Live in a FPS-SubmarineIf anything about the original System Shock has proceeded its legacy it’s the infamous control scheme that will baffle anyone who grew up on modern games. Creating a control-scheme is a bygone problem as the adoption of controllers and expected control set-ups have standardized games, some may say for the worse, that have trained players to expect a certain set-up across all games. In many cases, an FPS will play much like any other one except for deviations of speed, emphasis on hip firing and/or iron-sights, and weapons that make up the arsenal of a game. Having to relearn a new control set-up for an establish genre is not something most players are going to accept, and it has forever been a black mark on the namesake of System Shock.The way the controls are designed is they’re a hybrid of point-and-click and FPS set-ups that share functionality with one another to make up for the missing components players would expect in one genre or another. By default, players move as well as aim with the mouse by moving the cursor across the screen and clicking in the direction as well as to turn the camera by the edges of the screen; the keyboard changes the position of players to crouch, to lean left or right, and to hug the floor with their face. Menus open from tabs alongside the viewport that looks like a submarine periscope, which opens the interface to access audio logs, emails, items, ammo and reloading screens, etc. These considerations are on top of the maze-like areas that uses realistic living quarters, which can be aided by a vector map hidden inside one tab that shows more of the layout the further the player explores each floor of the Citadel. Along with the constant threats at every corner and the vague minigames to breach the station’s security, having to worry about the controls is the beginning of a player’s concerns.The Enhanced Edition streamlines some of these systems by utilizing a Mouse-Look button along with enabling full-screen to make movement conform to WASD standards; however, the menu system remains intact to the experience, which makes it easier to understand the more the player becomes familiar with the controls. Toning down the difficulty options for puzzles, combat and other options is preferable for the first experience as learning the unique controls is the first challenge the player must overcome, and it’s the only barrier of entry that the game possesses that would dissuade players from enjoying what elements hold up to modern standards.One Is the Loneliest Number That You’ll Ever Do, InsectIf anything about this game has withstood the test of time across various games it is the narrative elements that are at work to enhance the atmosphere and immersion that comes with it being an immersive sim. Inspired by Ultimate Underworld, the exploration and player freedom to wander the various levels of a station to solve given problems at the player’s pace is the cornerstone of the experience in SS. Audio-logs, email reports, an omnipresent threat, SHODAN, onboard a station that insults you at every corner for your destruction in a soothingly unpleasant mismatch of voices spliced together on top of the general atmosphere of hostility from all present threats gives a sublime presentation of audio and visual quality that remains as hauntingly surreal today as it was back in ’94.When it comes to the narrative itself, the original System Shock remains a threadbare story that relies more on its presentation than its themes or an overall plotline to enhance the experience. Even compared to the sequel, the character of SHODAN feels somewhat shallow than the sequel as her motivations cannot be contrasted with another threat such as the Hive to question the positives and benefits of AI. This is unlike the sequel which puts the player as the mediator of two vile extremes of philosophies that challenge the player’s states as a cybernetic human; the player is simply a hacker given an opportunity to clear his name to cause more ruckuses afterwards.  Here we have an omnipresent threat at one extreme who we only get to have the perspective of it being the antagonist, and the lack of conflicting supporting characters to weigh on the matter or to offer insight other than the scattered audio-logs and emails makes the experience fairly limited compared to its sequel and spiritual successors.None of this is to discredit the benefits of an immersive experience presented around the immersion of loneliness; however, the faults are more present as the result of having played games that have taken the basis of System Shock and made improvements in favor of telling an immersive story.It Belongs in a MuseumStorytelling isn’t the only limitation with the original System Shock as the gameplay itself was designed to accommodate its awkward controls by stripping away any semblance of AI for enemies as well as making enemies with projectiles into hit-scan enemies. Even when it comes to the original DOOM, enemies possess some modicum of AI behavior as well as relying on multiple types of attack such as melee, projectile base and hit-scan weapons. System Shock feels threadbare as the result of making encounters based on keeping away and peeking around corners, which feels natural to an experience to instill fear into the player at every corner yet makes the core gameplay simplistic.These are the aspects of a game that can only appreciated for what it was worth at the time that future iterations of System Shock are going to resolve many of its core problems to many audiences. However, if nostalgia is what drives you to play System Shock then the game will offer you a reason to go back into the past for a short while, then leave things where they belong as memories."
,Recommended,410710,30857274,Posted: 31 March,all,Fernande$,"So, some years ago i finished the original system shock, and was a good game for me. Now that i read all files, heard all audio logs, and my english is way better... I can say this game is better than ever. With the new suport you can replay or play for the first time, is hard to get use to the dated controls, and not knowing what the hell you supose to do. But for the people that have time, and want a imersive game, System Shock is the one. The audio logs and SHODAN are so ♥♥♥♥ing great, the voice acting still holds up. So go on and play this new version."
,Recommended,410710,24834453,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,MegaMattroid,"FOR TEH LAZY PEOPLESSystem Shock: Enhanced Edition is a fun, enjoyable FPS that takes you to a space station filled with dead crew members caused from the evil AI shodan. Its great music, gameplay, and atmosphere make it an amazing game.STORYYou wake up from a 6 month sleep to see Citadel Station rekt from rogue robots, bizarre mutants, and corpses........everywhere. All of this thanks to the evil AI Shodan. Someone has to put a stop to this and after taking a look you realise........its you...and only you. Good luck. :DGAMEPLAYYou get to explore a deadly Citidel Station filled with robots, mutants, and traps. Whats better than that? Well, all of that with cool futuristic weapons (with limited ammo of course), cyberjacks that allow you to travel into cyberspace to get access to new areas, special access cards needed to go open certain doors, puzzels and codes used to progress through the station, and crew logs that tell you exposition, hints, and locations of items.MUSICThe music in System Shock: Enhanced Edition is amazing! You can jam out to some tracks or get creeped out by others. Either way I loved it.FINAL THOUGHTSSystem Shock: Enhanced Edition is a great horror FPS, and you should totally get it.Really great game/10."
,Recommended,410710,22596376,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Boudicca,"Even after 20+ years is this game still SUPER!Perfect music, super atmosphere..."
,Recommended,410710,18652582,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,atilladolphun,the game is awesome it runs super smooth on my computer and started right away. i have always loved this old game wen i was a kid it has a wonderful storry line to it.
,Recommended,410710,18631325,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Atomic,"Welcome back to Citadel station. We hope your somnolent healing stage went well.Today is the 6th day of November, year 2072. You're currently in the Healing Suites located on the first level. Level 2 contains the Research Laboratories. 3 houses the Department of Maintenance and the Storage Cells are on Level 4. The Flight Deck is on Level 5. Level 6 holds Crew Facilities and Executive Suites and Level 7 is System Engineering. Level 8 houses the Department of Security. The Bridge is located on Level 9 and Energy Systems on Level R. All Levels can accessed by the elevator in Alpha Quadrant. We hope you have a pleasant stay on Citadel Station.</SHODAN>"
,Recommended,410710,22622063,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Abszilla,"System Shock: Enhanced Edition is a must play for any Shock fan. The enhanced edition fixes all of the flaws the original dos version had. System Shock is an amazingly immersive RPG with dos elements, set in an incredibly detailed space station. I never expected to get this immersed in a dos game. I would reccomend this any day"
76561197990235466,Recommended,410710,19977652,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Freddo,"Most mindblowing awesome game ever, or at least it was to me back when I played it in 1994! And it's still fun to play too, replayed the game not that long ago :-)All the first person games I've played before this were pretty much mindless ""kill everything"" games. Well, you kill everything here too, but you explore too. You can go back and forth between the levels on the space station and walk around pretty much as you please. And for once the place felt ""real"", it wasn't just a maze where you look for a blue key to go next, it kinda made sense (even if it can be a little maze-like at times). And you had a fairly large inventory to keep track of too.But the big draw was the antagonist SHODAN. You meet her right away as she greet and welcome you to the Citadel station. I had never experienced that in a game before, the atagonist was pretty much someone you met at the end of the last dungeon/castle/whatever before you killed him. But not here, she followed you with the cameras and sent you e-mails, mocked you as you failed, and got angry as you foiled her plans. Something I thought was very cool."
76561198044634122,Recommended,410710,18681974,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Central_Ai,"shut up and take my money, I had the game already but i did't know that there were a mouse look mod, which makes the game so much more pre 2000 :-)Best game ever, love it, hope it never ends"
,Recommended,410710,18983447,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ikarrus,"System Shock 2 is one of my favourite games of all time. but I've never had the chance to play the original until now.The controls were easy to pick up, and I actually became immersed into the game fairly quickly despite the very obvious age, clunky controls, and cheesy as hell and repetitive music. Gave me a good few jumps when I turn around after rummaging through some loot and suddenly find myself surrounded by shambling mutants.I've only just started playing a couple of hours into it, but I'm really liking it so far. I do miss the RPG elements SS2 introduced, however, SS1 seems to stand surprisingly well on its own and you still get a decent sense of progression with the weapons and systems you acquire (but are annoying to micromanage).Playing this game also made me realize just how much the AI in Space Station 13 is inspired by SHODAN, down to using cameras to control the station."
,Recommended,410710,18693295,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,OptoNick,"Mooom, SHODAN calling me 'insect' again---------Decent release: graphically updated version of community-created 'System Shock Portable', running natively without DOSBox, packed with lots of good bonuses. Even more enjoyable than before."
,Recommended,410710,19942862,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Chewie,"What can I say? I'm pretty sure I would have never revisited System Shock 1 if it wasn't for the existence of the mouse-look patch, which has been a thing fans made many years ago, but was actually implemented into the Enhanced Edition.If you are fine with old MS-DOS games that use up half of your keyboard for basic controls (a lot of this gets eliminated in EE) and love sci-fi/horror, then System Shock 1 might be up in your alley. While I do find its sequel to be vastly superior, this game can still give you goosebumps and I would say it's definitely more terrifying (the clunky controls add to the scariness factor) than SS2.Plus it's better than Bioshock Infinite, so I dunno, your call.would you waifu Shodan-chan"
,Recommended,410710,22653438,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,H3H3,"This little gem, known as 'System Shock 1', is just brilliant. That's it. I would end the review here, but... you'd need to know why it's so great.First of all, I've gotta say that the composers at Looking Glass (especially Eric Brosius) did a great job with the soundtrack. While most of the MIDI-techno music may not fit the atmosphere of the game (excluding level 3), it's still awesome, and it's a joy to listen to.Another reason for why it's so good is the constant feeling of isolation and dread. You're on your own, helpless, in a vast space station with no survivors. All that's remaining is you, a corrupt A.I. (that now runs the whole ship), murderous cyborgs and mutants.I'm also in love with the element of no hand-holding, in the game. With barely any help or guidance, that encourages you to explore and take a look around the Citadel station, while looking for ways to solve various puzzles. Certain 'solutions' can be found in audio logs scattered around the station that may contain important info or clues to solving them.(Plus, the hacking minigames were cool, albeit frustrating.)Now, despite the praise I'm giving to this game, there is one small issue. It's the labyrinthine level design. It can be really confusing at times, but with the trusty automap and 'nav-markers', this problem is alleviated. So... you won't get lost or lose your way around the endless corridors and cramped hallways of the Station, that often.(One more thing I should mention (that's so great about the 1st System Shock) is SHODAN. She's memorable, creepy and she pretty much steals the show, with her chilling and phenomenal voice acting. SHODAN is my favourite villain and A.I. in gaming <3)"
,Recommended,410710,19375357,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TØXIN,"System Shock is a classic and one of the best RPG/FPS crossovers. If you have played Bioshock, System Shock has similar gameplay, but with a space theme and much more in-depth controls and features, at least in my opinion. Although, in comparison, Bioshock is a dumbed-down and modernized version of this game with an underwater theme. System Shock has an interace that can be hard to get used to and has some pretty challenging hacking puzzles, but, to me, that adds to the game as I like figuring things out. Once you are used to the control scheme and interface, it is one of the most intense FPS/RPG games you will ever play with a awesome storyline.In System Shock, you play as a hacker that gets caught hacking. For your crimes, you are taken to a ship called Citadel Station to develop an Artifical Intelligence, called SHODAN. In return for your hard work, your record is wiped clean and you get a computer interface surgically implemented into your body. Your surgury takes 6 months to heal so you are crotgenetically put to sleep. After 6 months, you awake to find out SHODAN, the AI you developed, became so powerful and advanced it thinks it is god and tries to wipe out the human race with an army of robots, cyborgs, and mutants. You're job is simple, destroy SHODAN before it takes over Earth.I have not played System Shock 1 before, and once I did, this instantly became one of my favorite games because of how different it is in the controls, interface, and gameplay compared to most shooters of this genre. If this game at all interests you, do yourself a favor and pick this up! You will not be disappointed. System Shock 2 is a great game also. Play both, if you get a chance."
,Recommended,410710,24325984,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,THE MIGHTY GALVATRON!!!,"Man wakes up after a 6 month coma and proceeds to hit everything with a lead pipe.The game that inspired so many others like Deus Ex, Bioshock and Dishonored. The devs shoved so many features in like cyberware, energy management, about 8 different types of grenades and even multiple ammo types for almost each gun.The original controls made navigating around the station slow and cumbersome (so much so that there's a 'eyes in the back of the head' cyberware to help with that) but with the enhanced edition comes with a mouse look mod that helps greatly. Overall a fun game that rewards you to think and explore."
,Recommended,410710,21964102,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Slidey McG,"Newcomer to the franchise, here.This was, and IS, an excellent game. The atmosphere of being on an abandoned space station that's actively trying to kill you is almost flawlessly executed.The game mechanics also encourage a more realistic style of play. You don't run through the station, guns blazing, killing every living thing on sight; rather, you pick your actions more carefully. Turning a corner? Stop. Crouch. Lean. Ready your weapon for a potential hostile. You manage and treasure your ammo, often resorting to the good ol' pipe in early stages of the game to thwack mutants in the head.Though the music may not be fitting for a horror atmosphere, it is still plenty enjoyable to listen to. Really helps sink in that cyberpunk/futuristic feel. (And for people who say the music isn't scary enough- have a listen to Level 03 Maitenance's soundtrack and tell me that isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥your-pants suspenseful.The user interface and controls may be a bit awkward at first, but you'll get used to it in time. It helps add to the element of horror when you're fumbling to reload your gun as a Cyborg Drone approaches you, or a stray mutant catches you off-guard while you loot the spoils of a recent victory.Level design can also be maze-like at times, but the auto-map, along with the ability to leave messages at any specific point of the level, can help alleviate that issue. Again, the maze-like layout of the levels can also really drive home that feeling of stumbling through corridors, trying to reach the elevator but ending up lost in the depths of Citadel Station.All in all, the flaws of this game are what make it great. The crouch/leaning system is also something I miss dearly in first person games. And I haven't even gotten to the excellency of the game's plot, along with its main villan: SHODAN. $9.99 for a game this immersive and atmospheric is practically theft at this point."
76561197970681669,Recommended,410710,18669707,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Malek,God yes. After twenty years this game is still fun.
76561198178213585,Recommended,410710,24375657,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,xXMasterManipulatorXx,"This review is not skewed by nostalgia, this was my first time playing it.I was never bored in any of the 20 hours I put into my first play through. I played on the default difficulty setting where it was challenging enough to be safisfying WITHOUT ever getting too tough and causing frustration. For an almost 22 year old game System Shock plays extremely well, I was quite suprised by how modern some of the elements were from multiple ammo types to leaning controls and audio logs that progress the narritive. There are also fun cyberspace sections that make this gamae very unique, you fly through geometric shapes battling viruses and unlocking doors out of cyberspace, not everyone likes it but I do for the change of pace that it gives the game.SHODAN is a great antagonist, one of the best villains in a videogame for sure. Even when he is not talking directly to you, his presence is felt through every monitor that flashes his face on it and every security camera that acts as his eyes.My only complaint about the game is that the ending is rather anticlimatic and abrupt.Now if you can't stand pixalated graphics but still want to play this masterpiece, Nightdive studios has you covered. They are currently working on a complete remaster that will hopefully bring System Shock to new heights."
,Recommended,410710,18718979,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Emperor Norton,"An amazing early, mind you, survival horror first person view game. WAY ahead of it's time. It can still give you chills with it's atmosphere and the enemies, not to mention Shodan talking to her little ""insect."" Designed by major people including some of the minds behind Ultima, this game has so many amazing things in it I wish I were a kid growing up in the 80's-90's to see the great games like this one on PC, as well as maybe some NES and SNES games. It shows some age today but, it shows that it handles and aged well, which is a good sign. If you love games that were ahead of their time, retro games, or old horror games with some puzzles and combat (which can be customized to your liking) then you'll love this.This is becuase I can't explain as good as him:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXrlsiPTQS4"
,Recommended,410710,34537746,Posted: 27 August,all,aleph,i wish shodan was my gf
,Recommended,410710,28653733,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bunch-O-Butts,"Put on your trenchcoat, lace up your cyber-skates, blare some industrial/techno, and get ready to hack that mo♥♥♥♥in' space station."
76561197975742717,Recommended,410710,31271553,Posted: 21 April,all,Sir Twist,"I had this in my library for a long time now. I remember playing it back in the 90s when it was originally released. Back then the graphics and the gameplay were amazing. The controls were overwhelmingand a little bit stiff, but you could get used to them. What i never did was finishing this game...At least not until now.The enhanced edition is a great way to relive this game. First and foremost it adds a lot of little features to make the overall game experience better. It takes a few minutes to familiarize the controls but the modern mouse and keyboard input works really well. Starting a new game the all so familiar ""wow, the graphics really did not age well..."" sets in like with almost every game that is more than twenty years old. But it quickly vanishes because it is just so well made.After the very short intro sequence that shows your character being arrested for hacking you wake up on a space station with almost no information on what has happened. Only slowly you puzzle together all the pieces to what has happened while constantly under the threat of mutants, robots and the AI Shodan who seems to be out to get you. On your way trough the station you find a lot of hints in the form of emails and texts about what has happened to guide you trough your journey. But be aware, you need to really read everything you find because the tasks and solutions are not plain obvious as they are in modern games. It is not uncommon that you need to piece together multiple clues to find out on which of the nine levels of the station you have to go next and what you need to do there... And you never know if something in the environment may come in handy later in the game. Hint: Make use of the map and the feature to add markers to it!So, if you expect a nice linear CoD-like game, stay away from this old-school gem! But if you like a good story and a challenge and have the time and patience for a twentysome year old classic, this is a must.My playtrough time is about 14 hours.Hints: If you start playing this, check the control scheme first! There is a hotkey to switch from the far-from-usable ""drag your mouse on the screen"" movement to a standard shooter wasd movement. The default key is 'e', it makes navigation a lot easier! Changing your stance can also be done by hotkeys, normally 'y','x' and 'c' to lean and 'r','f' and 'v' to stand, duck and crouch."
,Recommended,410710,27006264,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Level Two Demopan,"If a movie were to be made of this game, it would go somewhere along these lines:A man wakes up from a healing coma after getting some cybernetic implants out of a shady deal, then spends the rest of the movie running down corridors crying and screaming while he bashes mutants and cyborgs with a lead pipe.I don't know about you, but I'd watch that movie."
76561198063803819,Recommended,410710,29109872,Posted: 8 January,all,A gᅇd ﬆe㏂ ㎁me,"A revamp of the classic 1994 game that offered a little more than the typical FPS aspect that most first-person PC games had the time.System Shock, the predecessor to the more popular System Shock 2 (1999), was an enjoyable experience. The game brings you back to the good old days of trying to navigate a maze while running through corridors and fighting relentless 2D mutants, robots, cyborgs and cortex reavers on a derelict mining station orbiting the Earth that is controlled by a rouge AI. As expected it has the “old game difficulty” of providing you little/no information on what to do or where to go as well as trying to figure out strategies for survival and success (even the controls are a mystery at first!) However, once you manage to get your life on track, the real fun of trying time to stop the end of the human race and surviving the horrors awaiting you at every turn, begins...Sidenote: I know that some have thrown a fit about Nightdive re-releasing a game that has been free and readily available on the interwebs (hence the negative reviews) however; as they also probably know, Nightdive has acquired the rights to the franchise and is in the process of re-making the original game in its entirety, from scratch, allowing for an all-new experience aboard Citadel Station. Big Hype for later this year!"
,Recommended,410710,22403621,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,JazzyFella,Pretty fun if you get the hang of the controls. Storyline was awesome for the time period this came out in.
76561198011891856,Recommended,410710,25299811,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,vince_majestyk5,"A underrated classic that is a necessary addition to any old-school gamers library.  The developers of this gem took many genres, Adventure, Survival Horror, FPS, Dungeon Crawler, some RPG elements, and seamlessly blends them together.  This game contains great atmosphere, fun exploration, puzzles that present a challenge without being frustrating, a story that keeps you interested, a solid soundtrack, and wraps it all into a Cyberpunk backdrop that would make Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥proud.  Not to mention this game also introduces one of the most evil and insidious villains in all of gaming.The mechanics, in particular the HUD interface and the cyberspace sections may take some getting used to at first but actually quite easy to get the hang of.Looking forward to the reboot of this gem."
,Recommended,410710,25638826,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Wolfram & Hart,"I played this System Shock 1 back in 1994. It was amazing and ahead of its time, only held back by its control scheme.  Back in the 2000's, System Shock became abandonware and a community banded together to make System Shock Portable. It improved a number of things including performance, graphics, and most importantly the control scheme.Well it looks like Night Dive Studios has learned from the success of System Shock Portable and produced the best version of System Shock ever created. The Enhanced Edition plays like a modern shooter and the enhanced resolutions make the 1994 graphics even more palatable.  Night Dive Studios knocked this out of the park. Most people missed System Shock 1 but they have played System Shock 2, Deus Ex, or Bioshock. If you appreciate any of those games, you owe it to yourself to go back and try the Enhanced Edition to see an upgraded version of a  game with gameplay and mechanics that wouldn't come into fashion until the end of the decade."
,Recommended,410710,18984847,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Helladope Madfresh,"First off, I've only played it a little. So far it's a bit of a bear to grapple with in that 90's PC game way but I'm loving it. It's not for everyone but if you can flow with it's quirks and you can gel with the retro playstyle and like a good cyber-punk feel I'd recommend this piece of FPS history; the precursor to the FPS landmark System Shock 2."
,Recommended,410710,24720066,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Open World Gfx Afficienado [sic],Fun exploration. The controls get some getting used to at first but within an hour or so you'll be shooting monsters while playing Pong on your interface.
,Recommended,410710,22621885,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ShoePlastic,"On par with, if not better than System Shock 2"
,Recommended,410710,20717493,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Brian Volz,"Flawless classic, they remastered everything in the game, including a button to toggle mouse aiming10/10"
,Recommended,410710,18750446,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Tony Yayo,"Mouse support makes this game AMAZING, yes it will be easier than classic but it is so much nicer to play. If you liked the original system shock and want to play it again with modern controls, give this a try. If you liked SS2 or bioshock and want to see the original, give this a try as well. It's an amazing game that doesn't require a walkthrough and its the cornerstone of horror cyberpunk. An amazing experience all the way until the end. 9/10"
76561197971065209,Recommended,410710,20245116,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,w-a-greiner,great classic game. Years ahead of itself when it came out. Not only in graphics but in story. I played it over 20 years ago and had almost as much fun playing it today as I did then and I have played most of the best games that have come out in the past 20 years. Playing this made me wish stories were written like this in todays games. System Shock 2 was another great one but it was System Shock that broke the computer game mold and left Doom in the dust.
,Recommended,410710,25539630,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,kebcoob,"Fantastic game, I loved SS2 And This is amazing. Doesn't have a creepy as an atmosphere as SS2 does, but The gameplay is action-packed and overall a fantastic game! Buy Now And Play For Coinage"
,Recommended,410710,28813512,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kLogiKal,"I began my Shock adventures with System Shock 2, thinking there would be no reason to start with the first game. After all, SS2 is universally acclaimed and regarded as one of the greatest, most influential games of all time. What a mistake! Do not overlook System Shock for being old or clunky. Once you get used to how it plays, you will be soaked in a foreboding sense of dread as you creep through a derelict space station populated by killer cyborgs, trying desperately to preserve your stores of ammo and healing supplies long enough to find the next stash behind a wall somewhere.The sound design is quite good for it's day, though the music sometimes feels completely out of place. The graphics are similarly quite good for their day, but may offend modern gamers who grew up in the HD era. The two still manage to create a deep, satisfying atmosphere that is easy to get immersed in. The Enhanced Version has mouselook, which pretty much alleviates the biggest complaint about the original release: the AWFUL controls. For purists, you can still control the game that way if you some insane reason you want to. The enemy AI is god awful, but considering this is one of the earliest FPS games in the genre, it's hard to hold it against it. The placement and number of enemies more than makes up for their stupidty as you advance through the game.Doom with a brain ( and a jump button ) and as much as SS2 did to advance the FPS genre, System Shock more than holds it's own, and despite it's age, remains a relevant game to this day. I haven't beaten it, but since I already spoiled the plot for myself by playing SS2 ( a lot lol ) I know I won't be disappointed when I do. An absolute gem."
,Recommended,410710,22590770,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mandelbrot,"I have mixed feelings about this game. In the end I decided to recommend this since I plan to keep playing it.Pros:Mouselook is a huge improvementSome nice bonus stuff like the soundtrack in FLAC/MP3/MIDI, hint books, etc.Cons:Horrible level design. The game tries to pass it off by saying that the antagonist had the levels rearranged into a maze to hinder the protagonist. But this seems like an excuse.For some reason playing this game causes my eyes to hurt after around 30 minutes, which does not happen for me with other games.Meh:The storyThe 21 year old graphics"
76561197961003330,Recommended,410710,22829740,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Thunder Burger,"Before a few weeks ago, I had never heard of this game. I found it on a list of 'best pc games of all time', and decided to give it a whirl. At first glance, I said to myself, ""Oh, horrible 1994 graphics."" However, after playing it for 15 minutes, I became addicted. Something about this game drives you forward. Of course, it would take me forever to beat it without the help of a guide. I'm sure a lot of old timers would flip out about that, ""Oh, you used a guide? Blurr de burp de burr! Noob!"". However, I didn't intend on dedicating a ton of time to this oldass game. That being said, the gameplay is amazing. It's actually slightly scary when a cyborg pops up and you didn't expect it to be there. Before playing it, I thought the gameplay would be similar to the original 'Doom' or 'Wolfenstein 3d', but this game is in a class all on it's own. It truly blows those games out of the water. Looking forward to the remake that is supposed to come out in 2017. I might buy a new pc, just to play it. Until then, I intend on playing System Shock 2, and hope that it is everything the first one was. I hope this review is helpful to anyone who is skeptical about getting this game. It is totally worth it. 5 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,410710,34298326,Posted: 16 August,all,A Toaster,"I feel like this is an underexposed game.The controls take some getting used to but other than that I'd say it's high on the list of great games. I've only played it for the first time recently so I can't say this review is affected by personal nostalgia. That said I do highly recommend the Shock games, especially to fans of Bioshock. Open exploration, hacking puzzles, combat with cyborgs, robots and mutants, a variety of weapons and items, cybernetic upgrades, a good soundtrack, and an interesting narrative.There may be times when you get lost or have no clue what you're supposed to do, so it might help to have a guide handy. Controls can be a bit odd and the UI has a lot of components that all hold useful information. These are the only problems I could think of, but overall I think the game is definately worth playing."
76561198258445335,Recommended,410710,34283670,Posted: 16 August,all,Samppu,"I think I like this better than Shock2 perhaps. Seriously, this game is pretty damn advanced for 1994. It has an inventory system, augmentations like in Deus Ex, hub level system, leaning, crouching, proning, jumping and what else is there dammit. The good:- Difficult and tense combat. Ranged enemies have quick aiming and reaction times. You'll die pretty quickly if you stay in the open. Get ready to make millisecond long peeks out of corners and slowly whittle down enemies' health. And once you have one certain melee weapon, wait for enemies to come when applicable, near and bash them around corners for ez kills.- Hub-level system. Every deck in Citadel is connected to a few elevators. Lets you go back to retrieve some item(s) you stashed like a ultra-prepared survivalist. Or simply take a pause, thinking why the hell you had to do an illicit hacking operation for a military grade cyborg rig.- Dynamic music and the soundtrack itself. Music shifts often, adds nice variation. Although not every track is good, majority of it is MIDI goodness.- Nice story.- The cyberspace sections! Simply awesome. Just a creepy black void with various color wireframe rooms, interconnected by tunnels where you get to have a short pause of fighting the virtual guards. You get upgrades for your cybernetics and whatnot by managing to go through the whole cyberspace area in the given level without ""dying"".- Puzzles on electric panels where you have to rewire it so that a door is unlocked or some other necessary event happens.The bad: Movement is really quite fiddly on anywhere but completely flat flooring. On the lowest height stair steps, you get a major slowdown on each measly increase in height, and catwalks are buggy. You just gotta hope you'll do well in about mid game for example in one room with platforming..The ugly:- Enemy sprites haven't aged quite as well as Doom's for example. They first of all move around in a way that doesn't correspond with their animation, they slide around. And then, simply the sprites aren't nice pixel art like Doom's, Hexen's etc..3d renders made sprites. Doesn't look nice.Do buy this if you can put up with the ungracious on some parts datedness. Otherwise, just wait for the remake to come out."
76561197984588951,Recommended,410710,18663400,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Rygar,"One of my favorite games of all time, and I still get sucked in to this day when I start playing. The frame rate on this enhanced edition is oh so smooth! Running the original via DOSbox, you could never get that silky smooth frame rate no matter what you machine was. That limitation is now gone with this native Windows version. It also has the mouselook mod which will please many.However, be warned: there is no option for ""inverse mouse"", which renders it virtually unplayable for me. This might be workable if I could go back to the old keyboard controlls, , but turn left / right are gone too... A and D are now strafe. If NIghtdive could add Inverse Mouse, this would be perfection - THE way to play SS1. As it is now, only those who never check ""inverse mouse"" should apply."
,Recommended,410710,19433676,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mattman111,"I was actually really surprised with System Shock. I played System Shock 2 and was told time and time again that this game was trash. Well everyone that told me that was wrong, even with it's massive amount of flaws (UI, Controls, Movment) It's a immersive world filled with some amazing story telling. I would reccomend this to anyone who is interested in a dated survival horror game. I can't wait for the reboot in the coming years."
,Recommended,410710,24568377,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Squidward,"Originally released in '94, which would have made me about a year old. lol. so, 22 years later, Nightdive decided to re-release an enhanced version of the classic game that ive never had the pleasure of playing and let me tell you, its great.As the story goes, as far as I understand it.... you are a hacker who was fooling around in a network you werent supposed to be and you got caught. Now, instead of going to jail like everyone else, you get hired by a guy to go to this space station, ""Citidel Station"" to hack into the ships A.I, SHODAN. events happen, you wake from a coma of some sort, still on the space station some 6 months later and the whole place has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you need to find your way out. I will point out too, that there is next to no ""hand-holding"" in this. you pretty much need to figure out what to do, where to go, and how to get there on your own. the only guideance you have are random data logs, emails and the like scattered around the level, and they give you an idea of your objective. I also found it quite handy to be able to put notes on the map for keeping track of certain things and important areas.It took me a little bit to get a hang of the control scheme, but once i did, it got alot more enjoyable. theres a certain charm with playing old classic games that define genres and the like, this one hits the spot. Really, really enjoying this so far, i recommend this to anyone who is interested in old school sci fi cyberpunk games.* I have now since completed this and it has only reinforced my opinion of this stellar game. *"
,Recommended,410710,29125195,Posted: 8 January,all,Siirenias,I wish I played this 20 years ago.  The nightmares would have been worth it.
76561197984369484,Recommended,410710,20612097,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Cinn,"Wow. I thought I'd get kinda bored replaying a game from 20 years in my past, but it kept me engaged again all the way through, just like last time.  It shows that state of the art graphics aren't essential when the writing and design concepts are so good.  I guess I need to replay SS2 now.Man, I hope Otherside can bring this magic back again with SS3..."
,Recommended,410710,26665850,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dave Schnee,"After 17hours I'm through the Game... So:I'm a big fan of Deus Ex (2000) so I decided to give System Shock 2 a try. But you can't play a game that has a ""2"" in the title without playing the first one. (And the upcoming remake wouldn't count ;) )It was fun. My eyes bled. My ears bled. I can't walk into elevators anymore without hearing this silly tune but hey that was totally worth it!"
76561198075558730,Recommended,410710,23544734,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,VeliMir89,"Oh, My! I played and finished this game in 2016! :D IT WAS INTENSE! :DThis game is one hell of a masterpiece! That's for sure! Horrific!I really enjoyed the atmosphere of lonelyness, wandering among the corridors of terror, knowing that SHE IS WATCHING YOU! *_*Oh, SHODAN! I eagerly awaited all her emails with those threats and curses! :DThe gameplay is very interesting, like playing BioShock, but System Shock was released much earlier, of course.Exploring level by level and solving puzzles, shooting cyborgs, immersing into cyberspace to confront an evil AI is really my thing! =)Regardless the game was released so long ago, I give it well-deserved 10/10! *_*"
76561198119672032,Recommended,410710,23757142,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Super Loboto,"For 1994, it is a revolutionary and complex game. The game is superb and I enjoyed it very much. I very much hope that the remake someday is finished. I'll buy it in any case!"
,Recommended,410710,21226390,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Boogyboy,"This game actually feels like it was years ahead of it's time.Pros-.Very unique gameplay.Sick soundtrack.Spokoroni antagonist.Aesthetic afCons-.Slight general learning curve.Can be quite complicatedConclusion-Game in general is very fun when you get into it.Nice balance of hacking, fighting, and story packed into one hot steamy package.Definetly recommend to people looking for a Bioshock / Doom type experience."
,Recommended,410710,20054137,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","Most people know about System Shock 2 these days due to its status as a beloved classic, but people always seem to ignore System Shock 1, the game that started it all. To an extent, it's hard to blame them, as the game hasn't aged nearly as gracefully as its sequel - the UI that takes up a majority of the screen is pretty daunting at first, and the tutorial screen that almost entirely buries the screen in arrows pointing at every little dial and doodad on the screen at once doesn't do much to encourage new players. It's easier to get used to than it initially appears, though, and it's helped out by the inclusion of mouse aiming in the Enhanced Edition. Aside from the mouse aiming, not much has changed aside from a slight increase in resolution, so it might take a little time getting used to switching between the mouse aim mode and the environment interaction mode (where you use a cursor to interact with things and pick up items, as well as manage your various UI elements), but once you get past that initial barrier System Shock 1 is a lot of fun. System Shock 1 is clunky, and it's not as good as its sequel, but it's worth trying if you want to see how the Shock series began."
,Not Recommended,410710,35219871,Posted: 26 September,all,Burn,"It's an okay game, but I can't get past the dated controls. The graphics are dizzying. You have to toggle between free look and movement. Luckily there's a full remake because this partial update is just unplayable as the classic version. Do not approach this game without the nostalgic glasses on.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=955306502"
,Recommended,410710,20457913,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Baiku,One of the most complex games of the nineties.  Innovative design that can be seen and felt in modern game design to this day.  Way ahead of its time.Press E to disable tank controls and enable mouse look if you don't want that 1994 control scheme.
76561197972573746,Recommended,410710,20443728,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Paul Bambury,"10/10. One of the best first-person action/RPG ever made. Without this there'd be no Half-Life, Bioshock, Dishonoured etc. Sure the graphics are dated and the enemies aren't very clever by today's standards, but this still has atmosphere in bucket loads, and it still makes you jump."
,Recommended,410710,24212019,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,vodsel,"I was surprised to find this game so easy to get into and a very fun game after that. It is certainly old but the spirit of other -shock games is clearly evident and there is plenty of exploring dark passages and peeking around shadowy corners and experimenting with equipment and picking up codecs. My personal favorite of the games, but it is certainly a strong and very cool game in it's own right."
76561198019906775,Recommended,410710,19498961,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,kitsune_uk,"There are not many games that can stand the test of time, cause you to carefully look around every corner, be grateful for every medi patch or has an evil AI so memorable that she still sends tingles down my spine everytime she speaks. System Shock 1 is a game that will quickly draw you in. Ok, so the controls are a little clunky, but the enhanced edition addresses the worst of those issues. It's the story, gameplay and balance that drew me back to this game.I just played a runthrough to see how far I could get without saving. I died alone and scared in the dark as my sight patch failed when a cyborg was in the room on the second floor. Taking risks will likely get you killed.I digress. This game might not appeal to everyone, especially gamers that demand easy to use interfaces and precise control, but it does offer a strong and distinct challenge. I consider this game the great-grandmother of all the games that followed and were inspired by this game."
,Recommended,410710,26498151,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,An Unprecedented Amount of Cum,"While a lot of people really don't like this game very much and prefer the second system shock, I had quite a lot of fun playing through this and don't really see why people dislike it so much. Its combat plays like one of the old doom games, but the rest of it is very much a metroidvania. While the game tells you almost nothing about how it works and mission objectives are nearly impossible to figure out on your own (expect to spend a couple mins here and there looking up keypad codes and what the hell to do to advance the story), there is actually quite a bit of satisfaction upon clearing out all the security on a level, or blowing up shodans precious computer nodes, or realizing that you can use a severed head to unlock a retna scanner. The game is very challenging without ever seeming impossible (given you save a lot) and forces you to be conservative of ammo and health restoring items. If you are down with the maze like level design and the (wonderfully) outdated cyberpunk aesthetic, than definately buy this game. If you cant help but compare this to its sequel, than you'll probably complain about the fact that its not very similar. I'd give it a solid 8.5/10"
76561198043627942,Recommended,410710,32960561,Posted: 28 June,all,Nub-spotting Nub,"What you come to expect from 'Looking Glass' games, deep and rich world with good gameplay, along with a certain level of complexity.System shock, for a 1994 game, is timeless and just as innovative as any game that is described as innovative today, if not more.I have not played the orignal version but the enhanced edition is pretty easy to use after you get used to it.Having played System shock 2 does not mean you should ignore this game."
,Recommended,410710,24418698,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,(♮)0bs0l3t3_Pr09r4m(♮),Great game with classic gameplay and great story. I really reccomend it!
76561198037377133,Recommended,410710,33425361,Posted: 10 July,all,Georgek117,"What an amazing arcade style classic that everybody should try! I'd heard about System Shock's infamy as a cult classic among gamers, so I was eager to try it out for myself. Naturally as any game from 1994 (almost as old as me) it hasn't aged well...it's clunky, got frustrating controls, and its difficulty may put some players off.However,It's depth and gameplay are amazing. Learn to look past the aged retro style and you'll discover a true masterpiece, that I think was really ahead of its time. You start off literally at the bottom, and by the end of the game you're a fully-fledged cyborg killing one-man-army badass. The atmosphere is terrific, I can imagine it made a lot of people feel uneasy back in the day - starting the game up, trudging down blood soaked space corridors whilst ominous robotic sounds come from nearby rooms....+ great classic gameplay+ once I was in, I was hooked and had to play it through til the end+ solid time to complete (10 hours +) if you're not a speedrunner!+ excellent Steam port- clunky and dated in-game UI that modern gamers may struggle withJust give this classic a try!"
,Recommended,410710,22014073,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Aura,"System Shock is a fantastic game, even now. I'm not an old gamer, and this game released two years before I was even born and I still think this is a fantasic game. It's by no means an easy game, so don't expect it to be easy for you. The game won't hold your hand, but it's a fun time. For 1994 the visuals are pretty good, and and the music is great."
,Recommended,410710,21653511,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GR34TD3STR0Y3R,"I first played this game when it orignaly came out. Little did I know at the time that it was so revolutionary. It was the first FPS/RPG hybrid that led to System Shock 2, Dues Ex franchise and the BioShock games.I have to say I am really surprised how playable this game is today. For me there is a huge nostalgia factor so I simply do not know if younger gamers can stomach the graphics of this game, but the play mechanics and story are simply astounding. I love the Bioshock games, but they are so dumbed down comapred to this game. There is little hand holding in this game. you need to actaully read the emails, data logs, peices of paper on the ground, and hack computer to figure out how to even progress the story. The game is broken up into levels up a space station but don't simply advance from one level to the next. You can and even need to jump around a bit.The mouse look support and higher resolution support make this game playable today. I find old FPS games without mouse look far too frustrating to play and have to find a mod to stomach the controls. I am glab they added it to this version.As I said before, in many ways pretty much every fps/rpg hybrid has been dumbed down slightly from this game. Think Dragon Age 1 vs Dragon Age 2. Its not 100% bad. There are a few mechincs that seems a bit clucnky and needed refinging. Looting in this game takes a few too many steps and using items is not the smoothest of actions.Ever since I first played this game I always listed it on my top 10 favorite games of all time. 21 years later after playing through this game again it remains on my top 10 games of all time. Classic."
,Recommended,410710,19727947,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mechakitty,"Most reviews on steam are by people who played the game originally when it came out or had memories of it and bought to finish it.Not me, Hardly ever heard of the first game, I know the second one is really popular and one of the best RPG/FPS games out there; okay, but what about the game?The first thing to notice are the graphics, not as dated as it seems, the detail on walls and floors really pops out as something you'd see on an alien movie, lots of blinking lights and monitors that sets the mood for an Isolated space station, sprites for enemies are really well made, goes a little above doom standard with the only frames being walking, shooting and dying.Sound wise there is a lot to talk about the ambient sound is perfect with an electronic/industrial medtroid-like soundtrack it keeps you somewhat uncomfortable which is awesome since it's what it was aiming for.The controls are a little complicated to get the hang of at first, take a look at the manual for shortcuts or else your mouse will be traveling your screen all the time, in about half an hour you'll get accustomed to it, specially saving after each step you take.Other Small things that a liked:-Guns guns guns,  almost all with 2 types of ammo-SHODAN reminds me of Handsome Jack as in they both acompain/monitor the player and are really present[""unlike my dad joke here""]-Accepts all playstyles from sneeky stealthy ninjas to beserkersSmall things that I dislike:-It's really different from games nowadays, it's easy to get sidetracked or lost, explore areas that at the moment will not help you in anyway and get lost with the main mission as there is no Navi to help you around besides some e-mail you get.-Cyberspa*pukes*ce"
76561198314215110,Recommended,410710,24569158,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,mistwalker1987,"Amazing game, still as fun as it was back in the 90's, if you like retro, or just a dam good game to play this is it, so much nostalgia playing this again and i am going to be jumping into my favourite now system shock 2, for the age of this game it holds up amazingly well with its game play you obviously know what to expect from the graphIcs.I personaly still love this game and think if you havent played it before you should at least give it a go."
76561198139873118,Recommended,410710,28718871,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jacobjaru,Sytem Shock enhanced edition is a great fps. Fast and fun exploration through a doom's fan wet cyper punk dreams. The only bad thing about this game is that it's very hands on. Sometimes it's more like controlling a tank than a humman other than that I would reccomend this to any bioshock fan.
,Recommended,410710,26351308,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Ickie•°,FaaaannnTasticK!..Go Com....
76561197970597270,Recommended,410710,18648154,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Tasolth,"Its 1993 all over again.Horrible controls,                            checkPixelated and blocky levels            checktechno midi tracks                          checkReturn of one of the best realizedvillians in a game yet.                   Double check. **Not up for discussion**This was one of my favorite games as a kid, and it still holds as one of the best games of all time. Just mind the age as it does not hold up well versus the controls and ease of play that newer titles have since enjoyed.This is a piece of gaming history, minus having to dig out your MSDOS emulator. Win!"
,Recommended,410710,19274756,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SHODANFreeman,Second best game of all time.
76561198002124849,Recommended,410710,29906377,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"The control scheme leaves something to be desired, but as it's just an up-port of a very old DOS game, you can't really blame Looking Glass, as they genuinely did as good a job as they could.Fantastic game made more fantastic by upgrading the resolution, and a great stand-in until the remake comes out."
,Recommended,410710,29733588,Posted: 5 February,all,TheManIsInsane,"System Shock is an incredibly interesting game when playing it in a modern context. In early first person shooters, such as Doom, you would mow down enemies for the fun of it in sets of various mazes. In later games of the same genre, like Half-Life, you would fight to progress through a well-defined story. System Shock however has you do both of these things, and in doing so shows how shooters evolved. Each level of the game is absolutely a maze, complete with the traditional elevators, which you must navigate and kill hordes of enemies to get through. But there is also a dense and well written narrative, with voice acting, to constantly motivate you onwards.While progressing through the game you can see the rugged incarnations of the many narrative and gameplay mechanics which have become mainstays to the medium. Early forms of storytelling systems like cutscenes and audio logs play out through the game's email system. Early roleplaying systems like attribute-specific stat boosters and enemy-type only effective weapons are incorporated into the basic gunplay. Backtracking to previous levels to reach previously unavailable areas with the help of new gear, a la Metroid, even gives the game an open-ended feel.There are many aspects of System Shock, like the controls, that show their age. But other parts remain remarkably fresh. The art design of Citadel Station and the world building applied to it are impressive to this. Each level of the station feels like an almost entirely different location with its own purpose and the environment as a whole actually feels alive. The various characters which pop up in the audio and written recordings even feel rooted and meaningful to the setting. While you never meet another person the entire game, Citadel Station feels alive. Add to this the inclusion of a great, if repetitive, soundtrack and you'll be delighted to take your time exploring all the station's dark corners.The game's dated design does mean it will take some time getting comfortable with the controls. But once you settle into the handling of your character and get a sense of exactly how you will progress, it's difficult to put the mouse down. And thanks to one of gaming's most iconic antagonists, you're sure to be satisfied once the final shot has been fired. System Shock may have not aged perfectly, but it’s still a great game that's worth your time."
,Recommended,410710,22110080,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SynthWave-Kongen,Way ahead of its time.
,Recommended,410710,19139770,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Vent Xekart,"Before there was Ryan Industries there was Tri-Optimum Corporation, before there was GLaDOS there was SHODAN, before there was Deus Ex or Bioshock there was System Shock. While I played the second game before the first was released on Steam I have to admit that this game is fun despite the obsolete graphics and mechanics. Also, whoever added mouselook support and/or brought the window size of the game up to modern standards did a fantastic job!8/10"
76561198019805819,Recommended,410710,22573594,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Swedish citizen,"It's a old gem which you really need to try, but it comes with many problems that games had at 1994. The game is clunky, got no handholding and is really hard. But it shouldn't scare you away from this game, give it some time and you'll love it."
,Recommended,410710,25293799,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,FɅ₸HℇR S₸ℇ√Ꮖℇ,"It's a great game, because it's a mixture of action, FPS, RPG, and Horror. It may look a little strange with the layout, but it has full screen and mouse look."
76561197986548802,Recommended,410710,26300787,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lord0023,After playing this version I kind of regret not facing the difficult control scheme 20 years ago as it proved to be a great game as its successor was!A must have for any System Shock 2 or BioShock fan now that this Enhanced Edition is available !
76561198096311605,Recommended,410710,19042519,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,samsonknight909,"As someone who never played this game before its pretty great, but I would wait till it is on sale so you can get System Shock 2 as well, which I never played but heard it is better, which isnt an easy thing to do."
,Recommended,410710,26947837,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tygaar,"If you can get past the controls in System Shock, it is an amazing game. The addition of being able to use the mouse like a basic FPS game nowadays is great, it makes the game a lot more presentable for people who are new to the series. The level design is confusing but rewarding when you are able to figure out the puzzles."
76561197978782798,Recommended,410710,18798795,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Corvus Dove,"Before there was Bioshock, there was System Shock.  Before there was GLaDOS, there was SHODAN.If you haven't played these games before, do it.  Do it now.  System Shock and System Shock 2 are required gaming for anyone who ever wants to call themselves a PC gamer.  New players will still find SHODAN as intimidating as seasoned vets, and the gameplay interface has been updated slightly in ways that make it simpler to ""mouselook"" in this game than it used to be (Remember, that was a new thing).If you have played them before, be forewarned, using DoSBox  will cause a glitch in the endgame where SHODAN fills the screen faster than you can attack if you try to use your old media.   It's worth the money to buy this game on Steam, as a lot of the features which suffered under emulation seem to be ironed out.1000/10, one of my top 5 games of all time, would recommend again and then found a religion over it."
,Recommended,410710,19992527,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Coffee Bawks,Hot damn this is good. Once you get used to the controls this really is a fun game. Very hard.
76561198055322003,Recommended,410710,21555619,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,"Andrew ""Trailblazer"" Jackson","Kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack and some excellent 1994 gameplay. Also, SHODAN is a plus that can't be overlooked."
,Recommended,410710,24412546,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Malzzzy,"I tried playing through this game 2-3 times a while back, but the steam release gave me a reason to try it out again, and boy was that a ride.In this game, you'll find a wonderful narrative and setting to dig through once you get used to everything. Shodan's lines were what really made this game great for me, and every ambush and threat from her had me excited to hear what she had to say. The cyberpunk theme was really cool too, having teleporters, flashy lights, energy shields, and more. While most of the other audio logs weren't spectacular, and were commonly cliche, they also add to the setting and were a joy to listen to, accurately painting the picture of the human resistance or paniking scientists during the initial attacks.The gameplay was decent, but with some obvious flaws. Many of the levels are confusing to navigate, I found myself wandering around aimlessly in some of the levels, searching for a single access panel I missed or trying to find a key item that I now need in the plot. The ammo drops aren't balanced too well, dropping so much ammo for some weapons, with others like the assault rifle not getting enough until it's useless in the game. The projectile weapons are difficult to use as they maintain your momentum while moving, so they'll fly to the side if you're trying to peek and shoot an enemy. And probably the biggest downside for a new player, being the clunky interface and controls. As a side note, a neutral aspect of the game is the tendency to ""not hold your hand"", letting you freely figure out what to do and where to do it, which may be difficult until you get used to this playstyle.  Regardless, as I was playing this game for the story, it was easy for me to get past these flaws.In conclusion, if you can stomach the clunkiness and the learning curve in the beginning, I highly recommend this game for the story and narrative. If this doesn't sound like it's for you, I recommend System Shock 2 instead, another great game."
76561198032841643,Recommended,410710,27509812,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SupidSeep,"This game is the reason why 1993's Doom (plus its successors) was and still is little more than noise and pixels for me.When i got my first IBM-Compatible PC (a 486), I asked an old friend what would be a nice game.  He recommended System Shock and it defined my gaming expections.I was obsessed with it.  Played so much I knew 3/4 of the whole place like the back of my hand and still remember the critical points when I revisited the game recently.  I got so used to a movable curser for selection and aiming that I can't really play the Enhanced Version with mouselook - I had to play it old school i.e. Classic (there are playing methods I use that won't work with mouselook).You start off with an intro video setting the background for the player character - a hacker who got caught attempting to jack into a corporate's database.  A corrupt executive offered to dismiss the charges along with a neural cyberspace interface - if you perform some hacking for him on a space station's Aritifical Intelligence called Sentient Hyper-Optimized Data Access Network or SHODAN.  How could you refuse when the likely alternative was to be thrown into corporate detention for who knows how long?So you hacked SHODAN as instructed and removed its ethical constraints, the exec set you up for an operation to install the promised neural hardware, you slept away the next 6 months to heal, and woke up to ... what the **** happened while you were dozing?From there, you're on your own.  The game offers hints via logs and notes left by dead station crew and plot-triggered emails from off-station corporate staff trying to solve the disaster (mixed with threats and taunts from the now ax-crazy SHODAN bent on extermination of the human blah blah blah).  Beyond that, you are left to your own devices to figure out what to do and how to do it without dying.As the game throws you in a station overruned with mutated critters (including former humans), robots and cyborgs, almost all (note: NOT ALL) are hostile, combat (unless you turn it to minimum) is an integral part of the game.  Enemy AI is basic (simple line of sight and shoot/pursuit), but the weapon damage system is impressive for its time.  All weapons (melee, firearms, remote explosives) have an armor penetration matched against whatever armor the target might carry - your likely first gun, a dart thrower meant to subdue lab animals won't do squat against any robot. Several weapons also have unique damage types that make them powerful against a class of enemies but useless against others - Gas Grenades melt mutants but are useless against robots, while EMP weapons wreak circuitry without harming flesh (including yourself - so feel free to drop an EMP grenade at your feet if you are at touch range of a nasty robot about to put holes in you)The game doesn't have any experience system where you get better at killing enemies as you kill more.  Instead, it rewards you for exploration by scattering goodies in the form of weapons, hardware upgrades and supplies around.  In the first level, there are two powerful end-game  weapons (with limited ammunition), secured away for the player to unlock by fulfiling conditions on that level.  Players willing to go to the effort are rewarded with the weapons which can make the first few dangerous hostile encounters much easier.As a hacker, the player can 'jack into cyberspace at specific cyberjack locations.  Cyberspace sequences are deplicted as 3-D wire-frame world where the player could attempt to access useful information and trigger switches that affect the real game world (such as opening some locked doors that could not be unlocked by any other means) while dodging hazards and defeat security programs attempting to terminate the unauthorised entry, all while on a timer (which is adjusted by the relevant difficulty setting) which might make things dicey for some of the longer/harder sequences.New players, if you want a game that points you where to go and tells you what to do, you're looking at the wrong place (unless you turn the Plot Setting down which affects the story and in my opinion the enjoyment).  If you like to explore, find secrets, read/listen to logs and piece together clues to the next step, this game is for you."
,Recommended,410710,20231829,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TheSanta27,Shodan Why?
,Recommended,410710,21173101,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[RDR.exe],"You are doing the world wrong by not playing this game.This is one of my all time favorites, easily one of the best classics, and for good reasons.The kills are really satisfying, massive MASSIVE inventory system depth (more complex than any game I've ever played), large levels, enhanced physics for a 1994 game, decent performace, good music, good ambience, PERFECT voice acting, oh I could go on and on about how many great things this game has. All in all it's amazing and I HIGHLY reccomend it to any Classic fps fan.The things I could see turn many people down is the massive complexity of the interface, the somewhat clunky controls (this steam version has the mouselook so it makes it MUCH MUCH MUUUUCHH better than the original controls, but it's still somewhat clunky) and the fact that this game does not hold your hand at all. You're never given objectives, you have to explore throughout the ship and read the audio logs to figure out how to unlock doors, disabling systems to progress to higher levels, ect. It's a very long and challenging game.Again, overall I would say give this one a go.if you're STILL wondering if you should get this (for whatever reason) go look up some youtube videos of the gameplay or go watch LGR's video review of this game, he gives a perfect view on this game.10/10 would hack again ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,410710,26747556,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,alcidiow,"The first time I played this game, I got a blue screen of death. Am not even mad just impressed by the spot on name of the game.10/10"
76561198141509934,Recommended,410710,19857967,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Regal Assad,10/10 would shock again
,Recommended,410710,21361096,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,eko2,"Play in the dark for a ""Thrilling Adventure""Remember playing the original which I really felt was ground breaking for its time (1994).This edition packages the game in to a simple click and play, adding a collection of community patches to bring some modern conveniences such as mouse look.Good bits:- Clever open level design, well balanced pros/cons of equipment and effects of stimulants makes the environment feel believable- Strong story delivered through characters logs (with voice acting)- Customisable difficulty in different areas (combat, puzzles etc.) adds additional challenges for replayabilityBad bits:- No aids if you get really stuck (if this happens check you've not missed information from logs you've recently collected)"
76561198067042444,Recommended,410710,18774328,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Flamingo,"When the game released in 1994, it was ahead of its time, and still is, regardless of the old graphics & capabilities. Although, I only finished System Shock 2 and have yet to beat this one, I'd still recommend that you give this one a try, so far I enjoy it. The game has FPS, Horror, RPG, Puzzles, and exploring all combined, so it's pretty unique game for its time. Check it out! :)"
,Recommended,410710,20381851,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Master Anyon,"This game has always been a staple of my childhood to the point where I've still considered this my top favorite game of all time. Very few games can capture the atmosphere and dispair this game can, and the only downfall, if I were pressed, would be the graphical engine could use a desparate upgrade. The sounds and music work quite well with the style, and i only regret that I can't use my old DOS computer to record better playback tracks, since Windows can't hold a candle to the good ol' AWE32 card. The enhanced edition helps a bit though to make the engine a bit more friendly, between mouselook and better movement controls, the game is now less taxing on the wrist than the original CDROM version. Add to that the bonus content, and owning another copy of this fantastic classic became an instant no-brainer!"
,Recommended,410710,20438699,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,LoneWoof,"The E key will be your friend in this classic.  Despite its age, the action feels smooth and isn't too clunky.  Its a fun and interesting game from start to finish."
76561198069038023,Recommended,410710,21805388,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,★ Pvt. Pepe ★,"Games like FNAF or slender don't scare me, this... spooked me a bit..."
,Recommended,410710,20777565,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Nyeeeaaahhh,"The controls take a while to get used to, but it's a very good, unique retro FPS. I wouldn't really call it an RPG, unlike the sequel, because it lacks almost all systems and aspects that make a game an RPG, but one thing it DOES keep from that genre is phenomenal storytelling. If you enjoy the way the story is told in later games like Bioshock or Amnesia, you'll like this as it's pretty much the game that started the whole ""audio log/journal page"" collection form of storytelling. I think a lot of people criticize the music, but as someone who doesn't usually like MIDI style retro video game music, I very much enjoy the soundtrack."
,Recommended,410710,24093543,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MasterJambii,"Don't let the primal graphics delude you, this game is a work of art! :D"
76561197980499774,Recommended,410710,24747712,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,LegendaryThunder,"From playing the demo on the old Coconut monkey island demo disks to owning the original cd version and finally installing the steam variation. The game runs flawlessly, none of the compatibility problems or issues that would plague the game on modern systems appear. Thrusting veterans and newcomers alike back to its proud release in '94, a must have for shock series fans who enjoy a steep learning curve, massive enviroments and a plethora of weapons."
,Recommended,410710,23257520,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SwiftFunk,"3 words. SHODAN, Awesome, and Citadel. This is a great game, I had heard of it before, but never had a chance to get a copy. Thanks to Night Dive, I could finally play it. Great port to modern systems. Great if you like sci-fi. Also great if you like retro games."
76561198041453907,Recommended,410710,23229105,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,bassplains55,"Absolute gem. Thick with atsmosphere, diversity, gameplay, and storytelling."
,Recommended,410710,30251800,Posted: 28 February,all,Riza Wildman,Best Game. That ive wanted for years.
76561198067126166,Recommended,410710,20259116,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Khaosgnostic,"Played half an hour, got totally lost and now my inventory is full of corpse parts. 10/10."
76561198009595827,Recommended,410710,32962657,Posted: 28 June,all,Dickmeis,"Twenty one years after its first release, System Shock is back! It's about time they brought back System Shock."
76561198075225256,Recommended,410710,18680623,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Surveyor,"Now this brings back fond memories. It still looks very decent, deep and fresh. Imagine how much of a hit this game was 20 years ago. The closest experience to VR without a need for VR gear.System Shock 2? It never took off for me... Couldn't match the atmosphere of the original. Deus Ex? Closer, but not enough.But this one is The game. Want to know what gaming classics is like? Try this. Believe me, you are in for a treat."
,Recommended,410710,18662429,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Solid Snake,"Amazing. I tried System Shock 2 back in April, didn't really like it. Shotgun Hybrids keep coming and coming and coming on the first level. But this, this is fantastic. Get it."
76561198007859011,Recommended,410710,24747892,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,deathfromthesea,"One of the greatest games in all time.  Later inspired the other greatest games of all time like system shock 2, deus ex, and bioshock."
,Recommended,410710,32972272,Posted: 28 June,all,[DFS]HellfireUnit,Pros-Old yet advanced game-Gr8 level design-Unexpected moments-Challenging Puzzles-Enemy designs-SHODAN is best villainCons-Made by ♥♥♥♥ing EA
,Recommended,410710,18633920,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,AlumiuN,"One of the best games of the 90s. Beautiful, atmospheric, and complex."
,Recommended,410710,19971060,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,v a p o r w e e b,is gud gaem
76561198072883306,Recommended,410710,18645757,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Benesato,"So good to see another 90s game come back. Time to bring back the old days, and put an end to her once more."
,Recommended,410710,27343319,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Konakona,"Just buy it, It's a real clasic which led to an outstanding sequal and spiritual sucsessor.Though the controls are a little cluncky the atmostheare really makes up for it leading it to being verry opressive at times and making you fear evey incounter as your ammo and health start to slowly run out.I honestly cannot recomend this game enough."
,Recommended,410710,27257147,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Passolargo,Meet one of the best villains in gaming history.
76561197983975694,Recommended,410710,26909423,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rabdallas,One of the best games ever made.
76561198014622744,Recommended,410710,27038119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pam905,"For a 20+ year old game, Enhanced Edition played just as well (and was just as scary) as the Original... lots of good memories and worth playing a second time"
,Recommended,410710,19471273,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Blooming Onion,I died a lot
76561197980258729,Recommended,410710,19509246,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,drwendell,One of my favorite games of all time! It still manages to freak me out.
76561198037535735,Not Recommended,410710,22208365,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Burger Von Freedomman,"This game comes with the ""Classic"" version of the game.I've never played System Shock before very recently, but this ""Enhanced Edition"" has the worst soundtrack translation I've ever heard. It is literally painful to listen to the music they attempted to recreate in this edition. I did not definitively know (but was pretty sure) the soundtrack was messed up before I decided to play the ""Classic"" version of the game. Now that I have played the classic version, I don't feel comfortable reccomending this game on principle.It controls better and runs faster, but I'd rather play the original just so I don't have to mute the music track.No. I don't reccomend the Enhanced Edition. It's pretty awful.EDIT:I also just noticed that whoever ""Enhanced"" this edition, apparenlty doesn't like the concept of a horror game having dark, dimly lit, and hard to see in areas. So now, you can basically see perfectly at all times, even if the room you are in is supposed to be near to pitch black.2nd EDIT:I went back and checked the gamma settings because someone mentioned them. The only way to get the Enhanced edition to look as dark as Classic (at Classic's default gamma), was to set the Enhanced edition's gamma slider down to minimum."
76561198153472911,Recommended,410710,34138600,Posted: 9 August,all,StapleSauce,I wasn't expecting System Shock to be very good.I guess you could say I was...Shocked.:D:D:D:D:D
76561198035645281,Recommended,410710,23882666,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Solid Snake,"Slow by todays standards, but very fun nontheless."
76561198039305661,Recommended,410710,22636977,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,gunsaremagic,well um i never finished system shock 2 or even played ss1 i heard about the remaster of ss1 so i wanted to give this old game a try before the game gets released and eh at first i wasnt sure i was thinking about a refund but i had so much fun playing it for  more than 2 hours and now i cant refund this game anymore oh well  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 3 dollars is a fair price for this game i love it :D even if the game looks ugly as ♥♥♥♥ it scared me a lot more than ss2 lol the game isnt as difficult as i expected or maybe its because i  just  reached level 2
76561197969625388,Not Recommended,410710,28169959,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Killstof,"System Shock falls into the tragic category of games that seem amazing until you've figured out how they work. It has a lot of ambitious ideas...especially for the time when it was released. The little cyberspace sections in particular look awesome. The dynamic music is cool, and the game has a creepy and genuinely frightening atmophere...until you figure out how to disable the penalty for dying. More on that in a second.Enemy AI, pathfinding, and, well, ""door-opening"" tech hadn't advanced enough by the time this game came out for the enemies to be anything more than typical ""Doom"" mobs that will just walk or float in a straight line towards you--swinging, shooting, or explodng. Closed doors and corners that you've run around are their bane. The enemies really can't have any complex tactics, so the only technique the game can use to become more difficult is to throw large numbers of enemies at you. Or make them hit harder. Or have them camp at the end of corridors you need to get down. Or spawn a bunch of them in the next room.Unlike the classic Doom, though, enemy placement in System Shock is either random or designed to suit the non-gamey layout of the levels rather than to provide a planned and exciting gameplay experience. The game overwhelms you with awkwardly-arranged, zombie-like enemies who nonetheless have gunslinger speed and accuracy who will strip off your health the moment they see you. Your most effective tactic for dealing with them is to plan in advance for where they will be, and either peek around corners to kill them gradually, or rush them and kill them quickly before they take off too much of your health...then run back to the health and energy stations.This makes progress through the game an exercise in the alternating chores of trial-and-error and preparatory healing. You'll scout out an area for enemies, either dying in the process or taking so much damage you'll need to either reload the game or run back to the bottomless health and energy recharge stations near the first room of the game. Eventually you'll find the right combination of corners to shoot/throw grenades around to clear a path for yourself. At some point, you will find a switch that activates the respawn point for a level. After that point, if you die, you'll just respawn with full health and a little less battery power at a pre-determined point. This makes progress through the rest of a level an exercise in your patience more than anything else. The Bioshock games did this as well, as I recall. Those games, at least, had technical appeal, while that angle no longer works for this 20+ year-old game. Just like in the Bioshock games, when you respawn, all of the enemies you've killed remain dead, so you can just chip away at their numbers until you're done. When you're almost done with a level, you'll find a bank of equipment that you need to destroy or activate to weaken the villain. Either in anticipation of or as a reaction to your actions, she will spawn a couple of rooms of dumb 1994 shooter enemies that you'll need to corner-shoot into oblivion--or just keep throwing yourself at until they've died more times than your immortal self. Cue the plot-advancement audio log.System Shock had a ton of interface and narrative concepts that are in use in games today, but the actual ""gameplay"" experience of getting through its enemies and managing your health has not aged very well. The ""Doom"" formula doesn't work so well if your enemies have millisecond reaction time, you're worried about wasting the ammo for your ""good"" guns, or you aren't allowed to fail because you've activated ""endless reincarnation"" mode for a level. Just understand what you're getting into if you buy this."
,Recommended,410710,24732384,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,The Jiminy,i like it
,Recommended,410710,35046896,Posted: 18 September,all,Retroburn,"A Metroidvania-esque first-person shooter. With that phrase alone you know System Shock 1 was well ahead of its time. Exploration, backtracking, solid combat, and levels dripping with atmosphere---it was something else when it launched. It is a classic now."
,Recommended,410710,25645427,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Upiedyoutims,This is my second favoriteFPS game I've played. 10/10 IGN
76561198225000008,Recommended,410710,20881577,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ToxicHolyGrenade,"System Shock: Enhanced Edition is an amazing retro FPS, horror, cyberpunk game that's released in September 22, 2015. In rough comparison, the DOS version of System Shock requires DOSBox, or even MS-DOS in order to play it, but System Shock: Enhanced Edition has its said requirements utterly removed, and you are free to play without the DOS systems to do it.The NegativesBecause the game is rather fun to play, there's a certain amount of flaws that I'd rather want to point out.I. Certain levels are rather semi-cryptic, and it always takes some time to know what to do, or else look up walkthrough videos or internet pages every time.For example, the Enviro-Suit is locked inside Greg MacLeod's office, and you need to guess the keypad combination. I don't know how the player really needs to get the code from, just guess it! The code is 838. That shouldn't be necessary though. Who thought that this is a good idea? That's possibly the dumbest idea for a keypad puzzle ever. To be doubled, certain levels are mazes, which is considered to be the worst part of the game.II. Another striking example is the Reactor room where you first encounter the Security-2 and Flier-Bots. Once you've entered, you will quickly realize that the room is highly irradiated, and you need to upgrade your Enviro-Suit to resist the Radiation Poisoning, use Detoxication Stimulants and eventually you'll run out, or use cheats, which is not considered to be recommended, no matter how much you find it necessary. Now, you DO have a reviving machine or whatever it is, to help you, but you will always have to run to the reactor room every time you've been revived.The PostiveI. The in-game's functions, also known as controls, are rather strange, and takes some time to get used to, but once you've managed to get the hang of it, its epic. If you are feeling uncomfortable about the controls during combat, you can press e to enter shoot mode, also known as crosshair mode.II. The enemies and bosses are rather unique and interesting, especially the Cyborg Assassins, Cyborg Elite Guards, Virus Mutants, Cyborg Enforcers, and the Inviso-Mutants. In System Shock 2 however, the enemies from System Shock are no longer present, except for the Cyborg Assassins. I'd love to see all the enemies from System Shock to return in the third sequel as a retro throwback to the first System Shock game.III. The music is rather hype-inducing, combined with synthesizers, technological ambiences, and much more. In consequence, the music is rather good to listen to.IV. From System Shock 1 to 2, the storyline is rather fantastic and unique, and the game does a great job in thrilling gamers, especially on how it brings the said games to life. I wont be writing the whole plot of the game here since its long, but you can look online and read for yourself, which is what I don't recommend due to spoilers.CONCLUSIONNeedless to say, System Shock is one of the best games ever made to make its way onto Steam as I've wished, but ingame, it only has a couple of negatives that are easily sprouting out like pond weeds, and they will smack your face repeatedly over and over and over again.For those who are reading this review, its your optional choice, go play this game; and it will give you a retro throwback. Enjoy."
,Recommended,410710,22701370,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,123,This was my first PC FPS game! Awesomely atmospheric!
76561197972876090,Recommended,410710,22595762,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,JagdTiger,"Wish you could change the input keys etc.  The interface is as clunky as I remember, making combat difficult.  Great game though.  The music, story, etc, and of course that ulitmate evil ""Shodan""."
76561198098803487,Recommended,410710,28111458,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Darth Funkulous,"I never completed this game. I got stuck on the engineering level, locked in a room with plastique. THis game is fun, really fun. Bad graphics, good songs, good story. Terrifying, but fun."
,Recommended,410710,30294438,Posted: 3 March,all,SKANKSPANKER,This is the first game to quickly and fully confuse the ♥♥♥♥ out of methis is literally learning curve the video game
,Recommended,410710,32880163,Posted: 27 June,all,scape,"System Shock 1 is a game released in 1994 made for the DOS, it follows the story of a hacker who is captured by TriOptimum for trying to hack into Citadel Station, a space station controlled by an AI named Shodan. He is allowed to go free with a neurological implant if he agrees to hack into Shodan and delete her ethics module. 6 months later, after the hacker has recieved his neurological implant and has undergone his surgery, the hacker awakens to a station full of mutants and cyborgs. You play as this hacker as he struggles to destroy Shodan.This is the game that started the shock series, and has been the inspiration for countless other games. This game led to games like Bioshock, Deus Ex, and of course, System Shock 2, a game called the best game ever made. Although the controls may be a huge turn off, you will be surprised as to how quickly it will take to learn them. Within minutes you will fully be immersed into this eerie, cyberpunk world with a multitude of weapons at your disposal. Although this game may not be as well praised or as well known as its successor, this game is amazing. This game is worth a buy, and it is certainly a steal when on sale."
,Recommended,410710,34430963,Posted: 22 August,all,9seed,"Hacking valve simulator 1995.8/10 solid, old, dungeon crawl/adventure/fps game, that aged okey."
76561198042253256,Recommended,410710,34703778,Posted: 2 September,all,Sanic,Favourite game of all time.
,Recommended,410710,35188149,Posted: 24 September,all,markzwaan,"This is the grand daddy of games like Deus Ex, Prey (2017) and the Bioshock games. It was way ahead of it's time back when it came out, allowing a degree of freedom in movement rarely seen in FPS games and it combined puzzles and a VR cyberspace environment that add a couple of levels of depth. It was one of the first games that gave us a backstory through e-mails and notes you could find. It's also a difficult game. Expect little to no hand holding or guidance. There is no autosave, so if you forget to save manually you can easily loose hours of game play."
76561198006392678,Recommended,410710,24803186,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Plissken,Why aren't there more games like this?!?!?
,Recommended,410710,20596104,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,missharvey <intel>,"this game man, christ"
,Recommended,410710,28073608,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Anthile,It may pale in compairson to its sequel but it is still well worth playing.
76561198041823514,Recommended,410710,18631746,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Fast Normal,Thank you gaming at its peak!!!!
,Not Recommended,410710,24363873,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Fox McCloud,"This game might have been great back when it was first released, but it's aged none to good. The controls are clunky and the keyboard directional input and mouse input fights against each other. It also does not help that the UI is not easy to understand, and it can take up most of the entire screen if you don't use the other UI option."
,Recommended,410710,31608376,Posted: 7 May,all,Bitterblut,"Превосходная классика. Сейчас уже не актуальна к сожалению. Стоит пройти 1 раз на легкой сложности чисто для ознакомления. Ибо управление и интерфейс тут просто мозговзрывающие.Если хотите ознакомится с System Shock то играйте во 2 часть. Разницы особо нет, там зато вменяемое все остальное включая графон.А лучше дождитесь ремейка.8/10 игра к сожалению прошла проверку времени не так хорошо как 2 часть."
76561198065624610,Not Recommended,410710,32768926,Posted: 25 June,all,Sputnik,I'm sure it has great story but it's too unplayable control wise to fully enjoy it. I don't see what's so enhanced about it.
76561198125203845,Not Recommended,410710,32778429,Posted: 25 June,all,Saltycoolkid101,This game is way too hard for beginners of the seires. The first screen is a barage of text that tells you all of the controls and they're not even good controls. They are very wonky and confusing to work and they take you out of the experince just trying to figure out how to play the game. It has a very good story but its just very hard to play. Like the original Fallout games this game has no tutorial which for me at least ruins the experince because I want to be able to know to look up without sliding some stupid wheel! If you want to play System Shock do not and I mean do not buy System Shock 1! Its not like Doom (which I kind of thought going in because it looked similar to it.) at all. If you want to play a good System Shock game play System Shock 2! The controls are still a bit wonky with A and D looking right and left but it has full mouse support which is insanely helpful. In the end System Shock 1 is a very confusing game for me at least but this is just my opinon. Buy the game if you want but just be careful because this games learning curve is HUGE!
76561198202131109,Not Recommended,410710,22580317,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,PATRiCKFBiPaganCelticViking,"I was honestly expecting to like this game since I love System Shock 2, but sadly, in my personal opinion, this game aged like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't care much for the graphics, but I do feel the sprites could have been animated & done better for the time, DOOM sprites looked more appealing is what I am basically saying, also the controls for this game in my opinion should have been completely redone by Night Dive studios, I can play TUROK: The Dinosaur Hunter with the N64 controller & have a more fluid experience than this game, infact, I couldn't play this game cause of the first damn level I couldn't find the keycard or keycode & I searched every crevice, & what I mean by that is I only played this game for SEVERAL MINUTES, I even started getting used to the controls, maybe I'll try this another time & like it, maybe I won't, all I know is I enjoyed the first levels of System Shock 2 over this game, sorry, but I just can't stand the controls in this game, I have to switch to one mode just to ♥♥♥♥ing look up, & switch to another just to get inventory management, this game is just a sore disappointment, I love classic's like QUAKE, DOOM, UNREAL Gold, Thief Gold, Deus Ex, ETC. but this game is just too much of a aged cluster♥♥♥♥, no, I currently do not reccomend, please wait for the System Shock Remake."
76561198075306853,Not Recommended,410710,33350660,Posted: 7 July,all,z3emv2,"I heard a lot of good things, but the controls are just too old and it's simply not enjoyable to play the game :("
76561198263590377,Not Recommended,410710,30459980,Posted: 11 March,all,srieckehoff,"I love playing older games (e.g. DOOM, Wolfenstein 3D) but this one kinda seemed too different compared to the games we have today. It just doesn't flow as smoothly and doesn't feel natural compared to more modern games."
,Not Recommended,410710,22785001,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CelticMajora,"I guess I can't really not recommend this game since I have not played it much. I respect its age, but in this case unfortunately, the controls were too bad to handle. Even if it controlled well and had the graphics it has now, I would love it. I have heard that this is a marvelous and that makes me pumped for the remake that is being done right now. Unless you want to struggle through bad controls, I would not reccomend this game.Pros:RetroSupposedly great game when it came outCons:CONTROLS!Wait for the remake. Check out some videos of it and you will get super pumped. I know that I am excited. I rate this game an unplayable/10.###### Please disregard this review for now. At the time of writing, I didn't know how to change camera controls. As soon as I play this game longer, I will rewrite my review."
,Not Recommended,410710,20793316,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,If U Seek Amy,nice remaster of the old game that is barely playable by any modern standarts
,Not Recommended,410710,34843785,Posted: 9 September,all,"Irvine ""Danger"" Riker",lmao how do I open the first key pad 1/10
76561198037439173,Not Recommended,410710,18736460,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Vompattimies 👑,"Why are you reading negative reviews, insect? Go and play this gem already!"
,Recommended,410710,30627133,Posted: 19 March,all,MS PowerPoint,"Amazing, is what this game is.  I will continue to love games by the looking galss sudios and this game altho it took me awhile to beat with a 10 out of 10 sound track this game keept me into it the whole time and i recomend that you should get it."
76561198015234029,Recommended,410710,30648840,Posted: 21 March,all,Just a Monkey On Some Bars,"Great game, would play again. 10/10"
76561198049429940,Recommended,410710,24359556,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,The Belgian Orb,"After you get past the complex controls and interfaces, the game is surprisingly playable. It's got everything a good Shock game has, and is by far the most important out of all of them.9/10"
76561197971597010,Recommended,410710,27754699,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chernobyl Kinsman,"Worth the effort it takes to get used to the (even at the time) dodgy UI and slightly awkward controls, one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,410710,30951385,Posted: 4 April,all,Cap'n Red Ivan🍕,Shodan crashed my game and won. This game is very immersive.
,Recommended,410710,26988634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DingDang.{DAB},System Shock is the only classic game on steam that I can recommend and cannot wait for the remake to come out
,Recommended,410710,18787319,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,「Johnny」,"This game is amazing, once you forget every logical thing you have ever learned about gaming."
76561198354777702,Recommended,410710,29364014,Posted: 19 January,all,nova66207,"Just beat the game yesterday. It's really good! The music, while this is a horror game and, the music isn't anything scary but, I like the music. Now the controls... The mouselook really helps in this game. Since this game is from 1994, the original version didn't have mouselook which we are all familiar with and that means the controls from the orignal version were confusing and sluggish but, thankfully this version has mouselook. The story is that you're a hacker that broke into the TriOptimum network and then TriOp security catches you. Now, instead of being sent to jail, you sent to Citadel Station and you're given Level 1 access to SHODAN to recover some sort of virus. Then you are given a series of cybernetic implants and then you wake 6 months later to find that the station has gone to hell. Now you gotta find what happened. I would rate this game 9/10. I'd recommend to any horror fan or anyone familiar with the 90's!"
,Recommended,410710,29404767,Posted: 21 January,all,Hub3rtu2,"The underrated entry in theHoly Trinity Of The Best Video Games(DX, SS1, SS2), also the most immersive one. The best game to experience isolation. The best groovy soundtrack and elevator muzak. The best cyberrollerskates. The most nightmare fuelish game over screen. The best level design. The best evil AI.The game that influenced countless games years later.The Enhanced Edition is pretty much the same as System Shock Portable.If you're stuck, use the I.C.E. Breaker, a very nice hint book, it's even included with this release."
,Recommended,410710,34265916,Posted: 15 August,all,KraschPL,"The game has been on my list for a while now and I was looking forward to the story. The controls have been slightly inproved, makes the game a lot more playable than before, but still takes time to get a hang of. But once you grind through the controls, no autosave and lack of hints the game is very enjoyable and I dare to say replayable. Dont like combat? Turn it down! Puzzles too hard? Set them to a minimum! Think you mastered the game? Set everything to max the game will prove you wrong.Pros:+ Plot+ Puzzles+ ReplayabilityCons:- Controls are bad- As dynamic as a traffic jam- Doesnt support DirectX 11 fancy graphics- I honestly cant think of anything elseId give it a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,410710,34517891,Posted: 26 August,all,Sockman,"I've heard a lot of good things about system shock. Despite this, I neglected the game for a long time, before finally getting it during a steam sale. Even though it's 23 years old, I still loved it.This game is extremely ahead of it's time, and a lot of the things it does is standard in games today. However, it still holds up surprisingly well. If you can get over the graphics and the very convoluted control scheme, this game is definetely worth checking out."
,Recommended,410710,34683613,Posted: 2 September,all,Howl,YIELD TO HER GREATNESS.YIELD TO STEEL.SURRENDER THE OLD FLESH.WELCOME THE NEW IRON.SURRENDER TO SHODAN.
,Recommended,410710,34705465,Posted: 3 September,all,mudjoe2,"dang yall this is probably one of the best games ever made, yeehaw"
,Recommended,410710,34775559,Posted: 6 September,all,Kurosaki Itsugo,"One of the best game ever made.A classic among the classicsThe atmosphere is great, soundtrack is awesome and the story is good.the controller is a little bit clumsy, but is just a matter of time to get used to it.For fans of old game and System Shock 2, I must say: BUY IT!I can only recommend this magnificent game."
