user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198222555416,Recommended,410840,30325890,Posted: 4 March,all,RkyMtnDude,"This review is after about 90 hours of gameplay. I found this game via my explore queue. I am not tight with money but I do not tend to throw it at stuff before I reseach a little and see if I am wasting my cash. At the time, 0$ was easily had, and I was bored with all my standard FPS or survival games. I was looking for something different...  I may have found it in Rock God Tycoon...It is a casual style biz simulator with a rock theme.There are a few new mechanisms like song creation and the production flow... but lets just say,,,IMHO, A gem, a rough gem with some great facets, that still needs some facets revealed and a little polish to be a top ranking  casual indie game. However, it is very playable as is.... just a little weak but still under DEVELOPMENT.  Buy it now.. it's almost done, and I have a feeling the DEVS would really appreciate the love...!Pros:Decent Game mechanics like the Song to Album release production flowHas a little bit of a head banger feelPausable/casual gameplaySurvival mechanic inherent with the ability to go brokeBasic trait system (that great guitarist may miss gigs due to habits)Cons:Most ingame events seem focused on early game play. Overly redundant with little mid-game impact (click)Mid game is weak on contentPlayers band are basically paper dolls... no apparent life. Opportunity for passive animations for visual interest and novelty value (drum stick twirling, hand signs, guitar strumming, nose picking, whatever)First visted venues seem to have little use for middle-gameNo favor/disfavor system for clubsNo age progression leaving it possible to make it big at an unknown age----------------------------Mid Game play seems easist and workable if you just camp at a recording studio and crank out as many records you can of decent quality, touring only when required to meet the minimum of a contract. Camping.At this point, for me, the game becomes quite repetitive with the only real thing breaking that game-flow being the album contract process. (contact/wait/sign/fulfll/wait/create/sales)At this point I could comfortablly call it ""Rock Biz Tycoon"" but there really leaves little for me to feel like i am living the dream (or nightmare) beyond that. Early game I felt it. But now I do not feel like an aspiring God. Maybe it time to unlock star-studded rock god glitter outfits, pimp the bus, deal with groupies, due siginings and special shows,.... maybe I am still too early in the game progression but I have a feel that immersion and level of events are lacking... other than the ever present and self supposng ominous ""we're watching .. keep in line"" message I get alot and forever <click>Needs:More middle game events and tasks that interupt or even accelerate game progression.events that trigger cancellations/loss or gain of a new band member/special condition to be met, etc....Think: ""record sales extended for a period if you do these three gigs... "", Band tries to recruit your drummer, or any number of drama events that affact bands in the process of trying to make it...With a little time and Love, the Devs couls edd events that add to the feel of a real bands struggles...""X Band claims copyright infringment haltinfg sales of album for 1 week""""Groupie found dead of overdose in bus... bus held for investigation-miss gig""""encore: audience calls for encore perfomance... fans and cash doubled and time at gig extended""""Weather in North East causes ground vehicles to drive twice as slow and airplane have no access for two days"""
76561198019273881,Recommended,410840,31487814,Posted: 1 May,all,Unholy Pingu,"After purchasing this game I thought that I would have a quick look at it before bed.  I was still up and playing 5 hours later and didn't realise until the sun came up and birds were making an annoying sound outside my window,  If you like Tycoon type games and love to develop characters and their accomplishments then this game will not disappoint. What you need to remember at this stage is that Rock God Tycoon is still under development so you can play it but can also help in suggesting ideas and improvements to the game as it is being crafted.  There are a few rhings that I dislike about the game, one being this unfinished state, The other is the limited riffs, breaks, intro's and outro's in the song editor. Both of these will be addressed I hope during later development.  I like everything else about the game.  The costs of hiring studios and gigs that pay peanuts is hard at the start (I know what that's like), but busking helps to pay the bills as you develop your character and bandmates to reach their full potential,  Your fanbase is also important, increased by playing gigsm busking and by using an assortment of gifts and advertising from the store.  As the number of fans grows, you are able to access more towns and cities with larger venues and better recording studios, video studeos and record labels.  From their you can make music for your fans to enjoy and to make your funds swell. There are also numerous charts to explore that measure your bands quality and success,  All told, I found this game addictive and pleasurable and well worth its asking price.  Don't be put off by the fact that it is still in development mode, as it is still very playable and this fact only bodes well for what will be the finished artical.  A big thumbs up from Unholy Pingu."
,Not Recommended,410840,29962242,Posted: 16 February,all,Cook66,"This game has the potential to be a pretty fun and entertaining tycoon, but as it stands it falls way short.This feels like a 30% done Early Access game, the developer even admits that there are stuff not yet done.That said I've had some fun with it, but it gets very grindy and stays that way without having a payoff as far as I can tell.Pros:- Good time waster (while doing something else)- Decent art style- A fair amount of character costumization options (although only cosmetic)- Making albums and getting better stats is fun for a while.- The core gameplay loop is engaging for an hour or two.- The theme is well suited for the genre.Cons:- The gameplay after 10 hours is 100% the same as after 1 hour, nothing changes.- Almost every single feature feels shallow and incomplete.- Money is irrelevant after playing a few hours since there is nothing to buy (all you do in the game is earn money and fans)- 10+ hours in game and I have nothing to do but grind to get fans to unlock cities which takes FOREVER.- Fan growth which are needed to unlock new cities does not scale with your income which means progression stops.- There is literally no way to progress other than constant grinding.- The game lacks support for aspect ratios not 16:9.- There are some interface bugs that requires a forced quit of the game.- The UI requires constant clicking and extra clicks for a ton of stuff, there are no hotkeys or ""quality of life"" features such as assigning all characters to the same task.- Many important menus are nested under oddly placed sections.- There is a massive lack of content.- There are just a few random events that repeat constantly.The biggest fault in my opinion is that once you get to a point where you actually have a great band the game just fizzles out.Instead of becoming the Rock God as the title suggests you'll still be doing the exact same thing you did from the start."
,Recommended,410840,30627226,Posted: 19 March,all,Mattrock607,"There are a few games I always wanted to play, but nobody ever made them. A rock band tycoon game/ sim is definitely one of them. Thankfully, someone decided to correct this and make Rock God Tycoon.Rock God Tycoon is a game about forming a metal band, recording albums, and touring. Having been in a few bands myself, I can tell you that they do get at least most of this experience down as accurately as one could expect from a tycoon game. There are a few issues with that realism, but we'll get to that shortly. The key takeaway for now is that you're a metal band seeking stardom.I had to specify ""metal"" there because apart from a few rockabilly riffs and a few other riffs that hint teasingly toward shoeglaze, metal is pretty much the only style of music you can play here. Don't expect to become the next Radiohead, Weezer, or Kaiser Chiefs. If it isn't metal, you're not going to see much of it here. Hopefully this is something they'll correct in the future, though, which brings us to our next point...Awesome devs!My internet has been fidgety all week, so I picked this up to kill time while experiencing random outages. Yesterday, I wrote a song and uploaded it to the workshop. Literally within minutes, one of the developers had complimented the song's drums. That's when I came to realize these devs are very active in their community, encouraging to players, and extremely active with cranking out updates. They're also one of the few, rare dev teams that actually listens to player feedback and attempts to implement their suggestions, which is fantastic. I've only had this game for about 48 hours, and in that time there's already been two updates.Now for some basic pro's and con's:PROS:- Very addictive dayslayer tycoon game- Write your own songs using prefab ""intros,"" ""riffs,"" ""breaks,"" and ""outtros"" for guitar, bass, and drums- Active devs are fixing stuff and adding stuff constantly- Visually and audibly appealing; graphics and sound match the game style and suit it well- Gameplay has a very low learning curve; any fan of tycoon games will jump right in and get it out of the boxCONS:- Limited music selection (these prefab music parts are excellent, btw... I just want more of them)- Bands can't rehearse unless they go to a recording studio, which doesn't make sense- You'll sign an unrealistic number of record deals; would be better to sign fewer deals with longer/ stronger returns- Metal theme is quite limiting (unless you like metal, of course)- Touring could use some workAll told, I think this is a very good game and it looks like it's getting better. I definitely recommend it if you're into tycoon games and you aren't turned off by metal music.If I could suggest a few things to devs, they'd be:1. Bands should be rehearsing a set list whenever they have no other tasks assigned to them. That's how real bands work. The band could rehearse whichever song they know least, but this is interrupted whenever one or more bandmates are given a task (writing songs, busking, refining skills, etc). Players could set an option to rehearse specific songs until all bandmates have reached 100% in said songs.2. Send the band (or specific band members) on vacation to more rapidly lower their tension. This would send those members away for a full weekend (Saturday and Sunday) and would cost money, but they'll return with less tension (variable based on the quality of the vacation you sent them on)3. Signing a record deal with a label should lock you into a certain number of albums over a certain number of years with said label. You'd be required to produce (n) LP's in that time, with EP's, singles, B-sides, and live LP's being optional (labels may or may not offer those options). Albums are on the market forever, with sales lasting a bit longer than they do now. EP's, singles, etc. have short-term growth and bolster sales of the main album. you can walk into a store right now and buy Houses Of The Holy, an album that came out well before I was born. This idea of records going off the market is a bit bonkers, lol.4. Touring should be a real thing. While the band is on tour, they can't rehearse. You book tour dates, and each city will require you to pay for gas, food, and hotel accomodations. Scaling food quality and hotel quality will determine how much tension is gained on that leg of the tour. While touring, album sales are improved considerably, but it's exhausting, and touring comes with its own set of random scenarios, too (gear getting stolen, drummer throwing TV's out of windows, groupies robbing you, etc.). I feel like touring is very incomplete, but like I said, these devs are awesome and they'll probably fix it eventually.4. No Yoko references? Come on guys! Have you ever been in a band? lol"
76561197961270388,Recommended,410840,29752860,Posted: 6 February,all,AlvinYork,"I bought this game yesterday and I've put in 15 hours already. I don't know what that tells you... probably that I've got too much time on my hands but also that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great. The progression of your character from lowly peasant to a rock god churning out hit song after hit song feels ultra rewarding. Unlocking new cities is exciting and it is fun to see your fan count spread across former cities you frequented.While it's still in development and some features aren't fully fleshed out, you can see that the people who make this game really care and listen to their community. Responses to support posts are *always* prompt and have either outright solved my issue or informed me that they were working on fixing the issue already. This isn't like other early access games. These guys deserve to make it big."
76561198031722299,Not Recommended,410840,32008070,Posted: 27 May,all,SwissArmyKnife,"Came looking for a 21st century version ofRockstar!Left disappointed, 6 hours later, and a $10 spot lighter.The custom song builder is insanely awkward and cumbersome to work with, and to build any coherent song from their audio clip library is almost impossible as you can only track one instrument at a time. Don't like that drum beat with your guitar riff, well, expect to click back and forth a lot!I had to write over 300 songs to get 100% skill in song writing, none of them were custom written, but had I done them all as custom songs, I'd be writing this review a year from now.Speaking of songs, they all seem to be completely souless and devoid of any personality or character. No anthem songs, classics, or anything else besides ""X Corp wants to buy song 147 for $9,234"" ""Agree""Cycling through the tour map is another ""click well of tedium"" for anyone wanting to see what a venue or studio has to offer. Zoom in, zoom in again, check the venue, zoom out, zoom out again, zoom in to the next, etc  etc.You start with a terrible agent, where Busking, which has to be clicked every single time to repeat!, pays more than any starter gig you can find locally. When you do finally unlock other venues, which is a static list based on fans collected, you will find the costs of traveling and advertisement always outweigh any chance of making a profit.The interface colours and design are quite gloomy and low contrast, combined with the script CAP block font that makes reading the dialogues a little difficult. The encounters, once all 10 are learned, are barely dynamic, dull, and predictable.I did watch your dev video on youtube and you've got a lot of potential with this game Seabass, but it's headed in a lot of different directions and but the ""Tycoon"" aspect seems to be a low priority."
76561198010785975,Recommended,410840,26990292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LetsBeBadWolf,"This game has a lot of potential and is fun, however, the reason I'm recommending it now is due to the amazing responsiveness of the developer.  I had a fatal error with an instance, reported it, and in less than 30 minutes, he'd contacted me, replicated the issue, and had pushed out a hotfix.  I've never had that kind of responsiveness before."
76561197990794902,Not Recommended,410840,31929495,Posted: 23 May,all,007brendan,"It's a cool idea for sure. I've played a similar game called Rock Manager many years ago and that was a far more polished game.  There are lots of cool aspects to this game, but none of them seem to fit together particularly well.  Some of the different parts of gameplay:Band RelationshipsYou do choose your bandmates, and ostensibly you're supposed to do things to increase or decrease their happiness, but there doesn't seem to be a clear list of things that affect them.  Every so often a random event will occur that will improve or dimish band cohesion and happiness, but there's no guage to show what the current ""state"" of happiness is and so you can essentially just ignore it.  It's essentially a non-feature since there's no interaction.Song ArrangementDoesn't seem to really affect the gameplay at all, but is a novel feature.  It is kind of annoying to have to arrange every song.  I wish there was an auto-arrange feature so you didn't have to write a song if you don't want to.Scheduling Rehearsals/Recordings/GigsThere's a calendar, but you have to navigate to it through a map.  You can make some decisions like how to arrange props on the stage or what advertising to do, but it's mostly just scheduling stuff on the calendar.  If you had some long, multi-city tours, this could be cool, but it feels really repetitive scheduling the same rehearsals over and over.Band FinancesThe financial system doesn't seem very well tuned.  One band member can earn more busking for a few hours than an entire gig.  Without busking, you'd almost certainly run out of money.  It kinda feels like they were never able to balance the finances of gigs, and so they just added in a ""busking"" option that allows you to basically get free money whenever you want, little bits at a time.Manual Performing/RehearsalWhenever you rehearse or play a gig, you sometimes have the option to play a kind of Guitar Hero mini-game using the keyboard.  The problem is that, unlike Guitar Hero, the first levels are actually pretty difficult, and it's not really clear how much of an advantage a perfect manual score would give over the simulation; you just get a bunch of random numbers the end of the performance and it's not really clear if it was good or bad.ConclusionThere are probably a handful of other gameplay features hidden in there, but those are the main ones.  At the moment, the game is kind of open-ended, but there isn't really a clear indicator of progress anywhere in the game.  It's not really clear what the strategies should be for improving the band and making money.  I would't recommend this game right now.  Maybe if they streamline the gameplay or give clearer success metrics, but right now it just doesn't feel like you're accomplishing anything."
76561198090588566,Recommended,410840,30622536,Posted: 19 March,all,moodegregor,"It's fun for awhile.  Once you get everything it's meh.   Also, you can ""5 star"" everything and still get a ""2"" review.  Wait for a sale.  It's good for killing time.Otherwise...meh."
,Recommended,410840,32707705,Posted: 23 June,all,Jacob Mane,"As a musician, this is everything I'd want in a game. From the realism of tension between your band members to the rejections from the big record labels you feel like a real rockstar! I would 100% recommend this to anyone looking for a good music management game or just a simulation game in general! OH and did I mention you can even decide what your songs sound like in a convenient music making addition to the game (AWESOME)? To complete all of this, the developers of the game are very very helpful and respond very quickly with any questions you have about the game :) Well worth the money spent; I'd easily spend $30+ for this game."
,Recommended,410840,29943847,Posted: 15 February,all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"So we have pumped 32 hours of time into this masterpiece!Our gear/package (Its huge)Running at 61-63 FPSNVidea GTX 960Intel I-7Samsung MonitorDDR3 12GBBorderline going from a thumbs up to thumbs down as the game after 18 grueling hours, but then..... ""Hang on to your lug nutz.... its time for an overhaul!""Well...  it got real fast and we were like F*it!This is true to form! Gotta keep going! As long as the tunes keep playing, so are we!54 hours and in need of a shower show, dancer optional.The game is really grindy/challenging, and will bring you back for more.Many things have been fixed, implimented, and the game is really well rounded now.The patches and updates keep coming.They have done well to stick with things and stay the coarse.At least one of these two guys I would support again in the future. Panos, is a true artist.Hope they add more tracks to the game and some being just a band manger material. It does get repitious because all the music after about 8 hours starts to make you turn to your ITunes or Music stacks externally. That is the only downfall for a music based game, they limited themselves and need to bring out more tracks or music items to produce new sounds... like synthesiser, electric keyboard... ect. So it does have a dead end unless they add soon.They have added new content and polish and keep it coming, but music becomes stale still.They added the workshop but again, if you only have 60 notes to make music of your own, and the limited tracks play over and over, its bad. We recommended this to them in their infancy, but only balance and artwork improvements which were not needed as much.Just how a game should be followed up on, so we give credit where it is due.They listened to the community and are still active in its polish, but we are leary any new content is inbound for music... and again... its a music based game! LOLStill, all in all... Well done you two!!!7/10 For all the work, diligence, and application to your craft! Really great game! But you need to spend some of that earned money on more music variety and instuments to build new tunes.Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
,Recommended,410840,27265680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MaloJewell,"Started a band called 10 Inch Monster. Worked the coffee shops and dive bars across the US to make cash, while busking and refining my skills. Eventually, I got to record a couple of EPs and then a LP. All that and I'm about 3 hours in.Definitely Early Access as alot of the game isn't fully fleshed out yet, still very playable despite that.. However, unlike most EA games on Steam, this game has a dev that reads and responds to feedback. I mean the dude setup a Discord channel just so people can report bugs, ask questions, and give him ideas for the future of the game. You won't find that in almost every other EA released game on Steam. We could maybe even talk this guy into putting groupies, blow, and dead hookers into the game man.......I'm just sayin.Buy it. Support it. Help make Rock and Roll great again."
76561198069214993,Recommended,410840,31798286,Posted: 16 May,all,Pdubbs34,"I have been searching for a game like this since I had played the flash game Punk-O-Matic.  I had loads of fun with that game and now, I am having an incredible time with this game.  While it has it's bugs and crashes, I would really recommend it.  The developers are very active and they update it frequently.  It's a great management game and with some great music!"
76561197976682879,Recommended,410840,33279185,Posted: 5 July,all,steevm,"This is by no means a perfect game, and probably not for everyone. I have personally enjoyed playing it a lot - and have sunk 30 hours into the game in under a week after purchasing. Goofy and entertaining, Rock God Tycoon's fun factor makes up for most of its shortcomings.The premise is clear: get together a bunch of no-hoper high school drop outs with rockstar aspirations, found a band and learn 3 chords. After that, the sky is the limit! Your band consists of 4 members: guitar, bass, drums and vox. Each band member has 4 attributes, musicality, star quality, songwriting ability and skill playing their instrument. You can practice these skills to increase them, and they also increase as you play the game through experience.You start out in some backwater town and your first tasks will be to write some songs and play some gigs. When starting out, I recommend you spend a lot of your time busking (available for each member from the main screen), which nets you a bit of cash each hour as well as increasing your fans in the city. At the start of the game, this is your only reliable cash source, and you need to increase your fans to unlock additional cities.As the game goes on, you unlock progressively bigger cities. All cities have a number of locations in them. A gig venue where you can play live, and a variety of other locations like bars, strip clubs, drug dealers, record studios and rehab clinics. Once you have bought a vehicle (a clapped-out car) you can drive from city to city to visit these locations and increase your fan base.In general, the bigger cities have bigger venues. That means more cash for playing there, which soon provides you with an additional source of income. Once you've got enough songs, you can start thinking about making a record.When writing a song, you can choose to create a song using a simple song editor. You have a number of riffs for the guitar, bass and drums that you can arrange on a timeline (much like in any DAW or video editor). There's a decent variety of riffs. Unfortunately the riffs are all named things like ""Riff1a(2)"", which isn't helpful. This can make finding a suitable riff for your song harder than necessary as you end up auditioning each riff time and time again. There's also no copy/paste, so creating longer songs with verses and chorus it a bit tedious. You'll probably end up making most songs 1-2 minutes long and reusing the same template for multiple songs. That said, it still only takes 5-10 minutes to knock together a song.The length of the songs isn't really a problem though, and you can download songs from the workshop to make sure you have enough variation for your gigs. Half the fun of gigging is the Guitar Hero mini-game where you can play the songs you meticulously crafted in the editor (you can only play gigs if all the songs were created in the editor). The mini game is brutally hard for noobs, especially with 180 BPM songs, so be prepared to suck at it for a while. It's good fun once you've got the basics down, though I doubt you'll want to play every gig this way; you can always choose to simulate gigs.Other things you need to do are manage your band's tension, as bandmates get annoyed with each other over time. You can do this by drinking beer, eating burgers, ogling strippers and taking drugs. The latter can however land you a nasty addiction with negative side effects. Addictions can be treated at rehab clinics.All of this is great fun, albeit somewhat repetitive. For me, there's just enough variation to keep me interested and think ""I'll just practice and record this song"" or ""I'll just finish this tour"" and then find myself playing another 3 hours.The background music is also well done and fits the theme perfectly. Loads of classic rock riffs and some nice solos without being too in your face or getting annoying after a few hours.Downsides? A few. Aside from the potentially grindy nature of the gameplay, the biggest issue for me is the UI. It's functional, but carrying out simple actions requires far too many clicks. Key information isn't displayed where you want it. You might sign a record contract that gives you a discount at a particular recording and film studio, but the game will only tell you the name of the studio, not where it is. You need to manually mouse over all the cities on the map until you find it.Most of the biggest UI issues should be relatively easy to fix, and the dev has been very responsive on the forums. I'm hoping there will still be some small QOL improvements. At any rate, there have been a few small fixes for things released during the short period of time I have been playing, which is always a good sign.I got my money's worth already, and will definitely still play this game. Given that it's pretty cheap, if you like the premise, you might as well give it a whirl."
76561198022963645,Recommended,410840,26924158,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DrunkFerret,"So far so good. I'm a fan of simulation/management games. Off the bat the team is doing excellent in hearing the feedback of the community. Overnight they put out a massive hotfix/polish patch on day 1...very much of which was NOT even game breaking.The concept is solid. Hire band members, perform and write together...build skill. There's group tensions and individual tensions. My guy punched himself in the face once and it really lightened the tension in the group.There are definite improvements to be made to make some of the mechanics more transparent, but the team's hearing all that feedback and updating their game correspondingly.I have high hopes for this one."
,Recommended,410840,27168079,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arlen Tektolnes,"I picked this up on a whim while browsing new releases and am really quite impressed so far.While Early Access and still missing a couple of features, the game is perfectly playable and already fun.  I'd recommend picking it up if you're a fan of games like Game Dev Tycoon and rock/metal.Pros-Graphics are sweet and definitely fit the theme.-The core game loop is compelling.-The soundtrack is suitably punchy.-The programmer is almost ridiculously responsive.  I reported a bug on his public Discord and it was fixed in minutes.-Customisable characters (women too for those who care about that).-Very reasonable price for the content already in the game, they could stop working on it tomorrow and I wouldn't be particularly annoyed.Cons-Missing a couple of important features and would benefit from additional content (well duh, early access).-Needs to give more of a hint as to why band members are getting pissy with each other.-While I figured out the basic mechanics easily, the tutorial doesn't really cover much yet."
,Not Recommended,410840,29989655,Posted: 17 February,all,Prof. Kipper,"As others have stated, this game is lacking in content. How can you release a game to version 1.0 and still have intended features greyed out. This game is still early access, despite being ""fully released"".Tycoon Aspect-No control over where you liveYou just get forced out of the first two places until you get your apartment. Would've liked to be able to pick a place to live and move out on my own earlier, instead of having to wait for the parents to kick me out. Multiple cities to actually live in would be a good feature, which brings me to my next point.-Poor gig/rehearsal managementBeing in a band forces you to manage your time wisely. The game gives you a 1 week timeline to set up gigs and rehearsals, making cashflow too easy as you can just kick it in a town and rehearse  on some days while playing gigs on the other days. I've never known a band to stay in a town for a month, playing at the same businesses. A calendar booking system would be better, as you could plan your tours in advance, trying to make the deadline with your crappy car/van. In addition to that, a penalty should be added if you play at the same venue more than 2 or 3 times in a row, with a cooldown timer of a couple of weeks. After a while, returning home would be a necessity.-Lack of GenreThere's no different type of music  that limits your bands and the places they place. It's just, ""generic rock band"" playing at ""generic bar"". Adding Genres and certain perks would've been a good design choice and add to the uniqueness of the game.Smaller nitpicks-Events that pop up are repeated frequently and have very little variety.-No ways to deal with druggie bandmates, except for firing (rehab might be a good way to mitigate it)-No ""team building"" events-No way to rehearse without going to a recording studio-Doesn't seem to be a difference in output for rehearsing quality, despite better recording studios.-Despite my drummer being at a 100 rating, the reviewers always rag on him for being unexpierienced-Haven't found a use for promotions at time of booking (no real fan increase after shows vs not using them)-Can't self publish/record songs, which would be a cool little feature early on in the game and way to get a little better money early on.-5 star rating and not even half of the towns are unlocked yet (based on fan count i believe)Rythym Aspect-Not satisfyingIf you create your own song, you can only play it (for now) on guitar. Aside from that, it's just not satisfying. Play a bit more guitar hero and come back to this aspect devs. Vary your Easy/Medium/Hard modes. Easy mode still has all the ""colors"" to hit, just less frequency. Most rythym games limit the buttons you have to hit on various difficulty. Hitting the notes doesn't ""feel"" right either.That's really all I have for that part of the game. I've abandoned the song creation due to it not being worth my time to actually play the song. It's too bad, I like the idea of creating your own stuff, but just simulating the shows and rehearsals are good enough..or they would be if the tycoon aspect was better.Overall, I'm not too mad, as it's only 10.99. I do feel that price tag is more than what the game is worth at its current released state. The choice to release the game without completing it is a poor one. Wait until it goes on sale or see if the devs update it enough to warrant buying it."
,Recommended,410840,33493662,Posted: 12 July,all,MacNuggets,"This is a fun game. Even after playing through 5 or so bands (the game is stupidly hard), I still want to play more. I play tycoon games a lot, and this one has potential. Problem is, it needs to be made a bit easier."
76561197982685012,Recommended,410840,29327515,Posted: 17 January,all,Rivethead,"As of this writing Rock God- Tycoon is still in early development.Games come and go, but for the forseeable future at least ROCK is here to stay...in one form or another.RG-T is all about the GRIND...and not really in a bad way. Read any story of popular rock bands and, with few exceptions, you will get the plot of RG-T..-Start small, broke, lots of fighting in-band.- A little stardom. Some extra cash. Goodies.- Popularity; fleeting...you're only as good as your last album.Add to the mix a very easy-to-use ( but still rough) music editor, humor, and some of the most dedicated Developers I have encountered in a long while = a very good game with great potential.About the Developers; it's uncommon in this age tohave a problem in game and have a dev work on it while you waitI actually was communicating with the dev about a problem- he corrected it- uploaded fix- Steam download- problem solved.If you are a fan of the whole Rock genre get this game and help make it even better!Jan 17 2017    Rivscore 90 / 100"
,Recommended,410840,29636970,Posted: 1 February,all,Garce,"An amazing game - particularly if you are - or ever have been - a musician. But that is definitely NOT a requirement.Create your avatar. Hire musicians. Write songs (Either have the game simulate them, or write your own music with the built in music creator). Rehearse, record, get record contracts, play gigs... go broke... (Damn you responsibilities!)This game offers more content in Early Access than many full releases - and more is added regularly. Bug fixes are applied often in real time. IE: I mention a bug to Seabass (the developer), and he usually makes a hotfix within an hour or two of ready my post. (The conversations that I - and others - have had with him are publically viewably in the forums, btw).Even when I do something stupid and mess my game up, he tries to help me fix it. But as its in EA, I generally have no problem starting over. Rock God Tycoon is not repeitive (to me, at least). There is no road to follow. No script. Create and treat your band anyway you want. They might not like and they might leave - but screw those guys (and gals).I have no association with the devs - except for being absolutely head over heels in love with this beautiful game. A game that gets better with every passing week.Rock God Tycoon represents everything that is good about Greenlight and Early Access. If you're interested but have been burned by EA games before - at least click the follow button. This is something very, very special. I have put in about 35 hours and I cannot see myself getting bored anytime soon.I have been a musician irl for close to 40 years (yeah, I'm old), and have been on Steam for just over 12 years. This is the single best thing I have purchased on this platform. And its not even done.Like many ""Tycoon"" games, RGT starts off slow - and failure is a strong possibility. Then your band hits a level where you are fairly successful, and it is easy to maintain that level of modest success. But trying to get to the NEXT LEVEL is a frantic juggling act of songwriting / rehearsal / record company contracts / recording / gigs. And when things get too hectic, you can always just chill in the garage, busk on the street, or just practice your instrument.At least keep your eye on this game. If I was capable of making a video game (which I am not) - this would be the one I would make. I cannot wait to see how it turns out.Sheer Bloody Genius.10/10. Would Freddy Mercury again."
,Not Recommended,410840,32069801,Posted: 30 May,all,DootVegas,"I did enjoy my time playing Rock God Tycoon in parts, but overall the experience lacks depth, has a horrific UI, contains several bugs, and involves a lot of waiting around. The devs are updating the game at a regular and rapid pace and what they have in the pipeline looks like it's going to improve things dramatically which is very encouraging, but in its current state, I cannot bring myself to recommend this game."
76561198012081413,Not Recommended,410840,29911771,Posted: 13 February,all,BoomBoomMeow,"I can't recommend buying this game at this time and I hate having to say that because this is a type of game I really enjoy. I do, however, acknowledge its potential. The main problem is that there doesn't seem to be much actual gameplay. It's just clicking and it's incredibly grindy, which is not fun to me. There are no decisions you have to make, no trade-offs, no risk/reward. The game just consists of clicking and leveling, and leveling and clicking. The interface feels clunky, the tutorial is pretty bad, and the song creation tool is tedious and uninspiring. I didn't play the game long but I did not enjoy what I did play.It seems like the designers really care about it though which definitely gives me hope for the future. As is, the game feels pretty bare for a full release but it you want to take a punt on a $11 game that could turn into a $25+ game then go for it."
76561198006383048,Recommended,410840,30017707,Posted: 18 February,all,The Unbarrageable Farage,"Initially, I gave this game a negative review, because of the amount of bugs. Although there are still some bugs in the game, the developers seem to be working pretty hard to fix them. One of the devs contacted me and quickly resolved my issue. The game itself is pretty good, and I'd recommend it.Pros:Good soundtrack + song creation modeAddicting (personally), with a lot to doA lot of customisationFriendly and helpful devsCons:Bugs (These are getting sorted by the day, it seems)The game appears to be missing some content, like the intro section of the guitars on song creation feature (again, content seems to be getting added quite often)"
,Recommended,410840,30791552,Posted: 28 March,all,Veksset,"Great game! It really has a great potential. Yes, it still needs a lot of content but updates are releasing wery often. Keep up the good work, dev!"
76561198304290593,Recommended,410840,33729013,Posted: 22 July,all,519jadio,"The basic premise of the game is great - manage a band, book your schedule and try and profit over your salaries/rent/etc. You write songs which you can form into singles, eps, LPs, or sell. You can fully customize your stage presence, gear and outfits for every band member, and book video shoots for your songs. Sign album deals and gain benefits/money from them. You can also play the tracks and customize the riffs of your songs. Beyond that...it's not much.While I feel like the developers are really onto something here, it seems as though there are just some missing aspects of the game. That being said, they are hard working on updates and this could be a true classic in the near future.You have all time charts for your albums, but the details of them are lacklustre. You can not really define genres, write lyrics, see release details or long term sales reports, and the general feel of the game is still in a repetetive stage. There is no progression on the random events (in fact, it seems publishers stop asking to buy the rights to songs in the first year), and none of them require any attention after you've made some real cash, as the penalty for an incorrect answer is irrelevant to your growth.It would be great to see things like letting your bandmates work jobs between album scheduling for some extra cash, so that you aren't forced to pump songs and albums out at a rate that makes them instnatly forgettable, just to remain profitable. I don't know if they do, but it would be great to see your bandmates pick up traits & their negative counterpart as they work for you. It would be nice to make some type of variable combinations within your songs that determine the success of an album.The asthetic feel of the game is wonderful, the graphics and sound are all perfectly suited for the style.Overall, I feel like Rock God Tycoon currently sits at at tipping point between ""Great Idea"" and ""Classic Tycoon Staple"" a la Rollercoaster, Sim City and more. It's up to the developers and the community support for the game now!"
,Recommended,410840,30715285,Posted: 24 March,all,Aaronjk94,"This has so much potential to be a great game!!pros-decent song creationcan develope skills and buy new equiptmentgood dilemmas to try and deal withgreat potentialdevelopers seem to listen to what their fans want included.cons-there should be an option to have the gigs played by your band rather than you.... feels too much like guitar hero than a band manager game.would be good to create songs that actually has words to it, you have a singer.... but they dont so anythingwould be good to add more band type stuff like merchandise, singings, albulms featuring various artists and booking proper tours, rather than just gigs.if those were fixed then this game would be AWESOME"
76561198053013238,Recommended,410840,30806890,Posted: 28 March,all,insatiablesage,"Picked this up during the spring sale and I can't stop playing. For how early on it is, the game is incredible. But the best part, I am seeing so many updates and lighting fast bug patches. I can't wait to see what is to come. My only serious complaint so far is that the option to correct for display delays isn't working just yet, but I have confidense it will be added in a future update."
76561198074931496,Recommended,410840,31911537,Posted: 22 May,all,X'Vazr,"The game mechanics are generally clear. For example, whereas in Mad Games Tycoon I found myself wondering whether adding more developers increased quality, speed, or both, of a given product, the comparable mechanic in this game (song-writing)  is clearly explained up front. For me the game probably has 10-20 hours of fun, which for 10.99 isn't bad. It's definitely engrossing; I've blinked a couple of times and noticed that it's 3AM.The negative for me is that there isn't enough variety of gameplay mechanics. I haven't even unlocked half the locations, but I feel like I've basically done everything in the game, because each advancement through the game relies on grinding through basically the same few mechanics, especially after you level up your characters all the way.From what I understand, the developers are currently working on implementing a greater variety of mechanics, which may make mid-game and end-game more interesting and nullify my complaint."
,Recommended,410840,34241721,Posted: 14 August,all,IronMAN77,"pros: i really liked the game over all its really fun it will keep you busy for a while and its like guitar hero in a way, you can even buy a plane for your band , you can get diffrent guitars and choose diffrent clothes , tattoos , even hire band mates , even develope drug habbits .i just bought the game and i already played it 10hrs straight .cons: it does crash every so often when you try to you use the music editor. and i found if you dont use it the game never crashes, so wish that could get fixed.also wish they could add more guitars  , drums , bass & amps or at least maybe a way to make your own , and at least be able to modify all your band members hair , hair color and your own tattoos after you hire them .maybe also a euro or south america map, also venues were you can see a crowd or a diffrent backround for bars and studios.over all it is a great game worth every dollar , i super excited to see updates to  this game i honestly feel this game has so much to offer and i hope they keep adding things to the game ."
,Recommended,410840,35093083,Posted: 20 September,all,Reverend D,"Absolutely stellar game. Best I have had the pleasure to review in a while.Unlike a couple other recent releases that branded themselves as Tycoons (but were actually more structured games) Rock God Tycoon leaves the majority of choices up to you and gives you the freedom a management sim is supposed to. The goals are simple... Make it big and don't go broke trying. How you go about doing that is left up to you. It is by my definition a game worthy of the ""Tycoon"" in the title. Those of us old enough to remember Dino Park know what I'm talking about.Visuals and Sound are great, and the game itself is quite a bit of fun and very addicting. There also seems to be lots of room for growth and I expect nothing but good things given what I've seen so far. If you do what I did and put in 15 hours the first 2 days after purchase, you will notice the music start repeating, but you won't mind. Big fan of the character customization and the little things like the way they all sway in time to the soundtrack.As for their coding/interface all I can say is wow. I know there are only two devs but this is superhuman. Easy to jump right in and start playing.... Not a single bad thing to say about the way the game runs. No gamebreaking or glaring bugs to speak of. Bit of work to do with some of the place names on the map, but it really is fine as is. (Some have generic names)Game itself? Depending on your skill level you may think it needs balancing or you may think it's right on the money. I found myself creating challenges for myself like having my first album be only 50%+ rehearsed instead of the lower amounts required by labels. It is very immersive to the point where you'll have fond memories of how hard it was to release your first LP... or how good it felt to fire that ego maniac vocalist. Plus the game cuts out the things that aren't as much fun about a rock band like waiting in line to use a copier to make flyers or expensive rights lawsuits when you lose a bandmember.Overall I whole-heartedly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys a good Tycoon game and anyone that enjoys rock/metal. I will be keeping an eye on the devs future work and shortlisting it for review... they really know how to make a game. Now I have to look at Project Explore too."
76561198006397343,Recommended,410840,33476769,Posted: 12 July,all,Modestie,"Are you up for a rock band management game? So, don't hesitate to invest (time, more likely)to Rock God Tycoon. First of all, its a cool game, plus getting updates periodicaly, developpers are very active and responsives. A lot of new content added for free, tons of fixes and polishes made since the release date. (I bought after a couple of months of release day)Rock themed instrumental music is nice, cartoonish, hand draw like graphichs looking good, gameplay is addictive, UI is easy to navigate. Even an easy mode (Starting with more funds) is added for casual players. Musical genres, awards etc. as well are on the list of new content, if i remember correctly. A sweet looking band management - tycoon game, worth the price.Türkçe. özet: Müzik grubu yönetme tarzı oyun çok az, bu onlardan biri ve birçok bakımdan da başarılı bir yapım."
76561198098492786,Recommended,410840,29999213,Posted: 17 February,all,Sean,"I really like this game, it's an exellent tycoon game that the devs care a lot about. For a low budget game in full release i think it offers a good amount of content and the promiss of future content."
76561198025472785,Recommended,410840,34398975,Posted: 21 August,all,comatosedragon,"THIS IS A NEUTRAL REVIEWI am a musician myself, and I have to say -- this game has a lot of potential.  The way it is right now, it kind of feels like an early access title.  (It's kind of simplistic and one-dimensional)There is a very steep learning curve, and very little in the way of help or guidance.  It's pretty much trial and error; which you may or may not like.Once I figured out that the developer used the word ""BUSK""(?) to mean ""Go To Work"" (you make about $12 an hour); things really stared to change.It probably will take you about 4-5 years of staying in your appartment, going to work (busk) with 3 characters while training your 4th character, and remember to cycle through memebers!Don't even waste your time playing shows until you are at least a 3 or 4 star band, it's a waste of time and resources (which could be used improving stats).  Just write songs, and hope the RNG will eventualy buy one for around $1.5K, giving you a little room to breathe for the month.The song editor is a really cool tool, albeit one you will probably only use once or twice.Like I say, with another year or so of development, a lot could come from this!(How about different dynamics like : Power Trio, 5 man Band (2 guitarist egos to deal with), planning tours ......)And please, explain why the word ""busk.""  lol."
,Recommended,410840,30004494,Posted: 18 February,all,Erondell,"This game really has a potential. If you like management games and music, then you are in right place.Most important thing is, Devs are giving their everything to make the game better. Even after official release, they are adding new content and upgrading the game.Ofcourse there are crashes and bugs time to time in-game, but like i said, Devs are upgrading the game almost daily basis.Pros:-Fun game with a content-Game has a great potential-Good management-You can spend hours without noticing-Amazing Dev workCons:-Crashes and bugs-Maybe a little bit early to say it's a full release game"
,Recommended,410840,29157947,Posted: 10 January,all,thelema156,"Very promising but quite simplistic tycoon-typ game. Hoping to see more props in the game (I mean, how can you be a rock band without stacks of speaker cabs on stage?). Great potential, but very simplistic for now."
76561198050842338,Recommended,410840,28771827,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GeoMac31,"Personally I've loved this game so far and am really excited about future updates. I'd like to see the current game fleshed out more rather than the create-a-song feature. I think there are some pacing issues, by the time I was writing 5 star songs and had maxed out my characters I still only had 20000 fans and couldn't find a good LP label (I also think released a record in itself should generate fans). Only other gripes would be that you never move out of the garage, not all stage props are yet available and objectives stop within the first hour of play - although, I'm sure all these things will come in time. The positives are a fun game, in the same vein as Game Dev Tycoon that I've already sunk alot of hours in and will continue playing! So much potential, keep up the great work guys."
,Recommended,410840,27706028,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MotherAce[NO],"Should you buy this: Yes.Should you buy it on sale: even more so yes.Do you remember ""Rock Star Ate My Hamster""(1988) by Codemasters? If answer is still yes, you have already bought this.There's a caveat thou;Its not quite there yet. Its early access, its missing features, it has bugs, its a work in progress. But it really doesn't matter. A beautifully coded framework is already in there, and developers are listening keenly to feedback. Nearly in real time! I'm lovin' it!I feel this is the best chance you are ever gonna get replaying that sweet nostalgia from the early 90s. Playing this for 7 hours my initial evening I was for the first time in almost 10 years so enthralled by the potential of a game it was hard to turn it off without visiting just one more venue. Just one more city... Game has that ""one more turn""-feeling.For the uninitiated; the gameplay consists of being a manager for a group of 4 budding starlets. You pick the lineup, you chose their daily activities and you send them out on the road for that sweet sweet glory of rock'n'roll hall of fame. Without ever actually gettin' to write ""rock'n'roll"" or ""gettin'"" in the game anywhere. But I digress;Exactly how much depth will be added by the developers until the game is done is too early to say. Something tells me the more of you buying the game; the greater the chance of this game surpassing ""Rock Star Ate My Hamster"" in depth and features.Game is my pick for management/tycoon indie game 2016. Being November, I think it won't be surpassed at this point.Bonus: the music is awesome! The loop is short at the moment, but I wouldn't mind it being 24 hours of pure instrumental metal joy. I was listening to Dark Tranquillity when I loaded up the game, I didn't even notice initially that I had turned them off and the game audio on. Devs! Get jamming with more tunes! (oh, and I notice on almost every song where the inspiration is derived from. I'm lovin' that too!)"
76561198005550197,Recommended,410840,27243816,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doc299,"Great game concept so far. Can't wait to see how the game develops.  The developers are right there promptly with any issues, comments, or concerns on the forums."
,Not Recommended,410840,30697691,Posted: 23 March,all,mark.nau,Game is a total grind. Not many interesting decisions. Just keep grinding until you get the next thing. Wasted opportunity.
,Recommended,410840,29342694,Posted: 18 January,all,Lego,If this game get's more features and more balancing and ofcourse more RP elements i can certainly see it becoming one of the leading Tycoon titles.
,Recommended,410840,30618861,Posted: 19 March,all,kaller,"This game is good, like really good. I bought it at release and played it for a few hours then put it down. The amount of content and polishing that has happened since inital release to this point here is amazing. It's changed so much that this is my second review as I beleive it deserves itPros-It's addicting,Great tutorial which is fully optional and you only have to look at parts you want. It is text based but no where near as long or wordy as Paradise Lost,Where's the time gone!Progression,Feels epic when you start doing good,There is a learning curve to a degree but it's easy to pick up and do well on your first play through,You're not forced to make a song or play it, you can simulate it,The dev responds fast, like really fast and releases a patch as soon as he can,New content has been coming out since inital release in November 2016 and then official release in February 2017,Your suggestions are taken into account and quite a lot have been added.Cons-Can easily become a repetitive game but it depends how you play it.Playtime-This is purely dependant on how fast you get bored. It's easy to play over 20 hours and for the price that's really good.I'd definately recommend buying the game."
,Recommended,410840,31458928,Posted: 30 April,all,ChickenGoinHam,"ROCK GOD TYCOONRock God Tycoon is a in development game by 2 people. It's a bit of fun, but mainly still needs loads of work until it's a great game.This game might remind you of A Story Of Band (if you ever played that), but it's way bigger of a grind and way less things happen in the time of the game. There is no end - you just become extremely rich and succesful.The game has a lot of promise to it, but like most early access games this needs a lot of polishing and updates. All the game dev's need to add is variety and less ♥♥♥♥ING grind.SummaryGame is fun for a few hours, but can get pretty boring due to it's early in development stage...I'd give it 7/10-That crazy chicken which talks"
76561198089921681,Recommended,410840,34213665,Posted: 13 August,all,Slowhand76,"This game is really fun and addictive, there are some points that would be interesting to develop further. But it will swallow your gamingtime. Great job i'm hoping that the developers will keep on developing this game, because this game can contain a lot of things that not there now :)"
76561198135767354,Recommended,410840,28771711,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RenegadeRen,"A good time sink, I didn't even notice that I already played it for 3 hours straight. And it is still on early access! I can't wait for the full version.I don't know if it's intended or not but I quite like the only auto-save function, I hope you make it a difficulty option in the future as it adds to the immersion and makes me play without save scumming. Although the mechanics between band members is still simple at the moment along with many other things making it very simple to play without any need to reload a previous save at the present moment.So I hope in the future, more random events are added, especially those that can influence your band bigger, making your decision have more weight in an only auto-save game if you will not remove it in the future."
76561198077859145,Recommended,410840,34189552,Posted: 12 August,all,luksm23,"I am very very pleased with this game.  It is rare that a game grabs a hold of me and wrings out 13.3 hours on the first day after purchase.  I bought this tthinking it would be like the IOS games that I have played on my Iphone and I was right.  There are at least two games in the app store that follow the basic premise of this game.  I enjoyed those games on my iphone up until they became impossible to play without paying.  This game does away with all that nonsense, adds more depth, story, and over all fun playability along with a very awesome and for the most part easy to use song crafting option that segways into playing songs at the gigs you scheduled in the same way you would play other's songs in the highly popular Rockband games.This game is still under construction but you can hardly tell.  I can't wait for future updates.    When I realized I had been playing this game for six or seven hours almost without break after purchase, I was in the middle of trying to fulfill the contract obligations for my second EP to be released by No Hope Records.  I desperately needed the money and the deadline for fulfilling the terms was only days away.  I would like to think I would not make a habit of getting in this situation again as it was very stressful.  If I did not finish the recording of the last track in two days the contract would be forfit and I would have to pay the lable instead of the other way around.  I had negoiated the contract so that I would not recieve an advanc on the profits of the release of the future EP in return for another 20% of sales revenue.  Everything was going great:  I had the last rehersals booked as well as a video shoot and a day to finish up recording the last track, all with a week to spare.  That is until my guitarist decided to go off on a heroin bender (Damn that Sioux City Smack!!) and this made him feel he could bail on the rehersals...rehersals I had already booked at the studio ( and paid for)  So I had to reschedule...and twice more he bailed.  I was pulling my hair out as I eyeballed the contract due date coming closer and closer.  I swore I'd send the little prick to rehab after the EP dropped, or kick him from the band entirely if he caused us to breach the contract...Luckily he got his♥♥♥♥♥♥together long enough to show up for the last rehersal, video shoot, and track record, and with a few hours to spare we submited the EP to the lable.This game Rocks.  (yes...I know...Corny as hell)"
,Recommended,410840,28510996,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Komutan,-Get 3 band members-Make them busk 7/24 to earn money-Pay them with the money they made while you were refining your skills.-Pay for the studio with the money they made while you were refining your skills.-Pay for the new stuff you buy to yourself with the money they made while you were refining your skills.10/10. Would be a ja***ss again.
76561198025463535,Recommended,410840,27770723,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sidius.King,More addictive than crack. Great music too. I really hope these guys create something we've been waiting for... The deepest rock band tycoon ever! Well worth it.
,Recommended,410840,27262855,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BEST4GAMERS,just the best game i ever played ! totaly reccomend this one :)super fun !!!
,Recommended,410840,31932957,Posted: 24 May,all,Senior..Citizen Slimber,Had some issues with it freezing when I first ran it but it runs fine now. Its a pretty good game
,Recommended,410840,28846756,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Point Break,"Great Game. Very Time Consuming. Worth the purchase in my opinion. I cannot wait for the future updates because I feel like I've maxed my band out yet im only allowed to visit certain cities and I've bought pretty much everything there is to buy lol. But seriously, This is a wonderful tycoon game I highly reccomend purchasing."
,Recommended,410840,29513635,Posted: 26 January,all,lionslicer,"I love the idea and niche of this game. It's very similar Rock Tour Tycoon which was released almost 10 years ago and has elements of the flash game Punk O Matic. As of right now it's a good skeleton of the game but not quite complete, but it's fun to play and waste time with, but can be quite time consuming if you get sucked in."
76561197975846160,Recommended,410840,28727742,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheGuru,"Really promising game, am excited every time an update comes out with new features.  Very happy to have contributed to this early access, keep going devs!"
76561198089503327,Recommended,410840,30784188,Posted: 27 March,all,UNDEFEATED UTES,This game is really good! I would like the option to have different genres allowing for a deeper experience. I would also love for a way for fans to grow worldwide so I can tour more sucessfully unlike in the current game where you have to tour multiple times in an area to become popular in that area.
76561198150620206,Recommended,410840,31517188,Posted: 2 May,all,justin.aultman,A fun management game with a hard rock twist.  The developer has made a lot of improvements since launch and seems to be deeply invested going forward.  Gameplay can become repetitive but there is more than enough good here to give a thumbs up.
,Recommended,410840,31662976,Posted: 10 May,all,keltobin,I'm really enjoying this game.  It needs some work and more money sinks for later game.  I should note that I like manager/ tycoon games.  Your mileage may vary.
,Recommended,410840,34351192,Posted: 19 August,all,Death@Head,"This game is great, even now at this state. The dev is active, and he is really trying to listen to the players.It's not a hard game, just in the beginning it's hard, but when you can accomulate some money and you can get better songs, bigger cities (yes, you start in a damn small city, where there's almost no money to get) but after you get heard by you're fans, its just great.Try this game by yourself, you won't be let down by the dev OR the game!11/10"
,Recommended,410840,29304096,Posted: 16 January,all,The Sloth Wizard,"Very enjoyable so far, Realistic in many ways to the real deal, the customization is very good too, looking forward to more items and things for the band, I think it would be nice to have the band get it's own studio at some point, along with custom guitars and stage banners etc. But aside from that things seem to be coming together with each update!"
,Recommended,410840,29329523,Posted: 17 January,all,Av8r Gamez,"Gotta say I'm very impressed with RGT. I am very picky about what games I buy and play.What I like so far...You can be a freaking Rockstar!Does'nt need a beast of a computer to playSmooth UICharacter Creation with alot of things to choose fromSong writingNaming songs and albums (One of my songs is Called I like ur moms booty)Random eventsHaving to build up yours and your band member skills and rehearse songsBugs I've noticed Dev fixes em b4 I can say anything.hours & hours of rocking!ConsNeed More Props.Stuff I would like to see in the futureFan Mailable to go soloBand Members  Overdoing and can possibly dieSending band members to rehabacidents on stage.outside concertsworld tours (maybe the sequal Rock God Tycoon; International Rocking)  : )For an early access release, this is a great game and can't wait to see what the dev is gonna throw at us next!"
76561198043468744,Recommended,410840,34218118,Posted: 13 August,all,Lazy dog,"Well... I had difficult start with this one because I got no sounds that I wrote to forums, Dev replied really fast and tried to help anyway he could solving the problem that at the end happened to be my Comodo firewall blocklist. All in all I got really good feeling and experience of game developers.I had a big hopes for this, because I played the legendary Rock star ate my hamster back in the day. I had barely scratched the surface I found that RGT is much more than that. It's seem to be fun, much to do and filled with good ideas, Im sure if developers are as passionate as they are today developing this tittle, it will be awesome! I'm sure I will spent hours and hours with this heavy metal thunder :) got to add that top of that, its also reasonably priced. Recommended!"
,Recommended,410840,34534832,Posted: 27 August,all,bgreene21,"This game is underpriced. If it was 19.99, it would still be underpriced. I'd easily pay 24.99-29.99 for this game. It is a game that involves you in every aspect of the rockband, from writing songs to rehearsing and recording those songs, signing record deals and creating your own tours, all while dealing with the drama that comes along with being in a rockband. I strongly recommend this game."
76561198040669155,Recommended,410840,35062060,Posted: 19 September,all,Helluvee,"This game is about being the leader of a rock band in its rags to riches odyssey. So, as such, there’s no tycoon to be found.As a tycoon you would be supposed to, I guess, scout bands, give them record deals, improve them, send them to rehab,  manage them, deal with agents, balance studio and tour time. This game has nothing tycoon-y about it.You hire/fire your bandmates, select venue locations, write songs, eventually sign record deals, gain access to bigger venues.The Cons-	Gameplay is quite repetitive as you grind your way to the top-	Flavour events are sparse and quite pointless-	Band members’ customization is limited to their appearance-	Talent is meaningless, everyone can become the next Hendrix just by “busking” in the streets for a couple of years-	No matter how many records you sell, your band will never get out of the bar circuit. At most you can play 1.500 capacity. Forget arenas.-	Band members have no personality, they are all clones, with, at most, one or two traits and perks each, this leads to zero replay value as there is no RPG component to be found: there is absolutely no interaction between them-	There’s a clear lack of focus and direction. A simulation? What’s with the Guitar Hero style mini-game? Or the song composition?The games is missing some key components that would make it more fun and more meaningful:-	Some kind of interaction between band members-	Some story element in your rise to fame and success-	Other elements that play a key role in bands’ success and failure. Label representatives, managers, agents, tour managers, critics, groupies, wives, broken vans, stolen equipment, rival bands, the list could go on for a while-	Less of the grind. While it is an element of realism, it really detracts from the gameplay: you should be able to go on a tour, select a setlist a go on with that rather than booking each venue day by day and rebuild the setlist at each location.The Pros-	The game has its moments and in a way it makes you want your pixel band to succeed-	From what I understand it’s the work of a team of two very responsive devs-	It’s right priced-	The graphics, while minimal, are functional-	The UI is well laid out-	No bug breaking issuesOverall one would ask why I recommend the game despite the fact that my list of cons is much longer than the redeem elements? Well, because of its potential. I consider it as an almost empty canvass the devs should build upon. They get the atmosphere right. They get what rock is about.I suggest them to go check 2001 Rock Manager by DreamCatcher Interactive which is now I believe free to download for some juicy ideas.Overall: 6 devil horns out 10 and I want to see more of it."
76561198069986343,Recommended,410840,29257716,Posted: 14 January,all,Kearnsy,Got some good time out of this game can't wait for future updates! Really good tycoon game :)
76561198033828049,Recommended,410840,29470076,Posted: 24 January,all,Logan316669,"Pretty awesome game so far, on par with Rock Manager from the early 2000'sFew things ive noticed, that need fixing:1)It doesnt allow you to select the second album when viewing the charts to see anything about said album, Just got the LP but every time i try to check it, it only lets me view the EP and thats it. I can see where my ep is on the charts, right now its at 2560, but it doesnt let me view the number sold or the star rating, etc. Please fix this.2) Bismark is not the largest city in North Dakota, please include Fargo in future updates....... with a studio ;)3) in lower cities, it would be nice to have a studio just to be able to reherse songs in, but up to city 19, Lynchburg, there are no other studios to practice in. Having to continually travel back and forth just to practise the songs you want on your ""album"" can be tedious when your in say Washington state and have to go all the way back......4) I noticed when your trying to ""refine skills"" only two skills ever show up when your refining them, but when i go to check, the skills being ""refined"" dont match the skills that actually got refined.being in a band, your star pefromance and music understanding should go up more for each show you play, your writing a song should increase your writing and music understanding, refining should increase all skills, and your ability to play the songs per show and during recording should go up each show/rehearsal.The game itself, SUPERBWhen will we have access to props for the stage, like lasers etc? Im hoping soon."
76561198032291254,Recommended,410840,30934050,Posted: 3 April,all,adamaeus,"Hi guys, love this gameAfter an intital 'what the hell do I do?' moment I read the tutorials and quickly got hookedMy bands doing quite well and I feel like this game have given a lot of insight into how the industry worksTotally addicted atm love it!Only suggestion I have (because it almost screwed me up right the start) is maybe add a busking tutorial just stating that busking can be used to make money (mainly for the rent and loan repayment)Its probably obvious to most people but my bands were getting nowhere until i realised I could do thisKeep it up guys, loving the game as it is, but looking forward to any improvement / features you add in the future"
76561198205499496,Recommended,410840,31013069,Posted: 8 April,all,mattguy99,the game is fun but extremly grindey there is no real endgame but still the challenge is there and the encounters are funny but repetitive.
76561198117530323,Recommended,410840,28015495,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tuttaz,"Its like a old wrinkled shirt, yes it needs some ironing, but its comfortable. I cant wait to see what they do at the next level(s), plus who does not want to be a Rock GOD!\m/ >_< \m/Lowar"
76561198007761167,Recommended,410840,29973786,Posted: 16 February,all,geozero,"I've only played it for a few hours but I can tell this is going to be super fun and one of those games that stays on my computer for a while to come.  It is reminiscent of games like Rock Legend, Rock Tour, Shady O'Grady's Rising Star, and Band Manager.  All rolled into one.Now there are quite a few things the game needs tweaked and a bunch that could be added that will really make this a super game.  But it looks like the Devs are listening and willing/able to make it happen.Now as with all games I like to rank them based on their entertaining value and my rule of thumb.  Here it is:  It costs $8 to go see a movie.  $14-$15 if you add popcorn and few other things.  For a 1-1/2 or 2 hour thing.So ask yourself this...  how many hours of entertainment will you get out of the game?  It's going to be more than a couple of hours.It's a no-brainer.  Price is right for what it is, and it's going to get better.  THUMBS UP."
76561197972866921,Recommended,410840,33455544,Posted: 11 July,all,Hot Commodity,"I am really enjoying this game! Management games are my favorite genre and so I tend to scrutinize them more heavily than other games, based on playability, features, enjoyment, etc.First, let me say that for a new user, the game is quite difficult. I didn't take this as a bad thing, in fact, it made me want to play more to try and find the right mix. My band(s) had difficulty with cohesion and tension early on and it took some experimenting (with many band members leaving/band disbanding) to try and get out of the initial rut. Once you do, however, you'll feel like you put in great work.There is a ""guitar hero"" element in the game where you not only have a chance to execute the various instruments (drums, guitar, or base), but you can build songs based on pre-recorded segments. A few users have noted that this process is tedious -- and it can be -- but I built a song that I would actually listen to in real life. Then I got to play it by mistiming every single note on my keyboard. 10/10 would do it again.Seeing my band improve and deal with the various items that come up has been a gaggle of enjoyment for me. Its a bit disheartening to be so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the beginning, but just stick with it and keep working on your skills/making money. You can do this by a variety of actions, but having a near-perfect mix is important. You don't want your team's tension to reach a boiling point, or else people will quit, ask for more money, etc.The game is not without its quirks or issues. One thing that annoys me is the gig results. Lets say you wrote 5 excellent songs and you want to play them for your fans. You go to a city and schedule a gig, or multiple gigs. Sounds great! But after playing the same 5 songs even twice, the novelty bar goes down (somewhat exponentially) and the amount of money you make also falls.Also early on, I would try and schedule multiple gigs or events in multiple cities. This can be tedious because you have to shuffle in and out of the map, and then have to remember to check the schedule, literally click to travel to the next town, and make sure your timing is perfect or else you'll miss gigs, lose money, etc. A neat feature they could add is a ""build tour"" function where you are able to schedule gigs in multiple towns to actually build a tour across the USA. Early on this is a non-starter -- you have access to only a handful of towns. But as your fan base grows, you could literally travel cross-country and visit fans in every city, but be forewarned -- you'll be doing more clicking than playing.I could go on for hours about the intricacies in the game -- just purchase and enjoy it. The DEVs are friendly, responsive, and realistic -- clearly this is not their full-time job, but they are dedicated to making the game better. God bless them."
76561198009903018,Recommended,410840,33383032,Posted: 8 July,all,Corwin86,"The game is sold for the right price (and just this is an AWESOME achievement): it's pretty funny and well designed and code; on the other hand, it's not perfect, but don't suffer from bugs or technical problems.I think it should be surely interesting for the major part of sim/management players."
76561198010286499,Recommended,410840,34457679,Posted: 24 August,all,Lord Of Gluttonous Bastards,"Pretty entertaining game the first 5-7 hours, but then it turns into an almost endless grind. It does simulate being in a band relatively well. I know the game is in the early stages, but to be frank, a lot more needs to be done in order to make the game better, and more entertaining in the long run. The game is quite unstable as well. I had problems with a saved game that could not be completely removed. The name was still considered as a saved game somewhere, so I couldn't use it anymore - not really a big deal, but when the band experience dropped from 55% to 38% without possibility of raising it anymore, I decided to reinstall the game. But that wasn't allowed either, as an install script is now missing whenever I try to reinstall the game. I really want to like the game more, but game breaking issues have sort of ruined it for me. You should add merchandise (which is pretty much the main  source of income for most newer bands), being able to choose various release formats (digital, vinyl, CD, maybe even tapes) to make the game less of a grind in the long run. It would be cool to have some sort of logo editor that could be used for merch designs. Genre specific demographics, and a possibility of world tours.tl;dr interesting simulator with some good features that make it all seem like being in a band, yet quite unstable and gets too grindy late game. Overall recommendable."
76561198017447377,Recommended,410840,34772533,Posted: 6 September,all,Antzelmi,"I really like this game. It's fun game when you want to sit down and just chill. I can't wait for new updates devs are working on. If you like relaxing tycoon games, this game is for you."
76561198136434534,Recommended,410840,27796323,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,зомби,"I am really enjoying this game so far. The music throughout the game is epic with its hifi metal riffs and melodic soloing. The menus and art style give it a polished look, you wouldn't think this is early access. It has that addicting tycoon managing gameplay style where you grind to build skills so you can get better and get rewarded in return. I like that we can customize our starting character with tons of options(hair,beards,piercings,tattoos..etc).Also you can tell the devs are really dedicated and are passionate about making the game better and taking suggestions from their customers. I am really looking forward to seeing future updates and features and I highly reccomend this game!"
76561198275818964,Recommended,410840,29410888,Posted: 21 January,all,Jakyll007,Great game. Can't wait for more updates.
76561197998481149,Recommended,410840,30421458,Posted: 9 March,all,jscuncio,"Hard to beat this game for the price. The song creation is fun and has led to timeless classics like ""Florida Man"" and ""Uncle Touchy"""
,Recommended,410840,31954085,Posted: 25 May,all,Count Wulfric,I JUST NEED MORE OF THIS GREATEST♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ROCNROLL TYCOON EVER CREATED !!!!!!!!JOIN MY KEBABS OF LOVE AND KEBABS IN CHAINS metal bands and listen them !!!! SEE YOU IN MOTPELLIER OR CARSON!!!
,Recommended,410840,33432181,Posted: 10 July,all,helen.lemy,"I am currently shooting a video for my 2nd upcoming album, rehearsing for the 3th upcoming album and writing the last song for my 4th upcoming album. That is to sum up my progress of the game so far.After 7ish years, I  became the Rock God... err... I think, constantly signing contracts with the A+ label, writing songs with rocket speed that sound even better any song by Maroon 5 (on a simulation scale) and owning a Jet that makes travellings happen in minutes (United Airlines, u suck!!!).I should be happy with all the fame and money and well, ""nice"" bandmates that reached max stats. But there's this voice in my head asking me ""That's it? That's all u got?"" and I'm like ""Yeah, I'm waiting for new contents from the devs too.""So yeah, this game worths my hours and it could be better with new features or just simply a counter that tells me how many days are left with the promotion I bought so I can keep buying it. Actually, make that promotion thingy a subcribing one that allows cancellation. Also, a touring feature would be interesting or a bonus stat feature on clothing would make it better than making me pay $70 bucks on a leather jacket so I can only watch my character bobbing his head in it."
76561198199325099,Recommended,410840,33790150,Posted: 25 July,all,psahiphop1,i love this game.i just want more achievements.
76561198331347123,Recommended,410840,33851583,Posted: 28 July,all,tonyboylan1987,"A very good game once you get into it. However there are lots of bugs still in it at the moment and now when i try to play the game again it keeps aborting the programme. However, once this is fixed by the developers, this is something that everyone can enjoy.Down sides; It can take a long time time to get the band touring. You are not able to choose how many people are in the band i.e. a three peice or maybe 5 or 6 members but instead are given a standard 4 peice band. Good for some things but restricts the fun a little.Overall a thumbs up. Provided you are patient with it...."
,Recommended,410840,33948309,Posted: 1 August,all,RobsGaming99,"1st off I'd just have to say I'm not a real fan of heavy metal.  Then again at times I always have weird random dreams like I'm riffing like Jimmy Hendrix.  I do like business simulation games.  There's another one I bought in 2007 called Kudos Rock Legend and that was great also.Anyway, after playing a couple of hours of this I have to say this is one of the best Rock Band simulations I've ever played.  It has the perfect blend of everything.  It's not too easy to beat and it's not too hard either.  The graphics are not too shabby but atleast I can run it on this crappy laptop I'm using to an extent.  For example I'm having a hard time editing my song after I write it.  The game simply crashes each time I try to.  So I have to skip that part.  Once I find a way to get past these HD3000 graphics, since there's no update for HD3000 graphics on Win10.  But even then this still is a great game.  I love it.I'm limited atm.  I was going to go after a refund, but I'm keeping this gem.  It's well worth the $10.99 price tag and I see myself playing alot of it.  Great work to the developer.  I don't know what else to say.  I fully recommend this game whether you're a rock fan or not.  Or if you simply like business managment.  You won't play like the real rock stars including JH.  But you'll have alot of fun trying to become the No.1 Band in the world. Go ahead and buy the game."
76561198037141754,Recommended,410840,33991562,Posted: 3 August,all,tsem13,"First review from first day :Played 4 hours and i got to say :+ audio+ music+ metal game- quite hard- need a little more explanations in some topics in tutorial- not very friendly to noob music playersSuggestion :Please make training easier , it is way too hard.Overall i suggest this game , the price is very nice , it is quite unique game , and very nice way to kill time at work ;)"
76561198055633577,Recommended,410840,29515829,Posted: 26 January,all,avengedalice,"It got boring pretty quickly. After a while it turns into a click fest of trying to get money for rehersals, and recordings. I hope in the near future there isnt such a steep curve of when your band picks up. Two hours into my first game, and my band is still making 1 star songs.The game has potential, but for now I would advise people to keep it in your wishlist."
76561197972429765,Recommended,410840,29556105,Posted: 28 January,all,Mattman,"Two very good things about this early access game:1. It's fun to play2. The developers are SUPER resonsive to questions, comments and suggestion.The game began as fun and is only improving as time goes on."
76561198083973491,Recommended,410840,28434937,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Snookmeister,Not bad for an early release IF you keep in mind that more content is coming. Great foundation so I cant wait to see how far the devs take it.
,Recommended,410840,28452484,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BinaryEX4,"Great game with great potential.  The current state of the game although in early access is very playable with no game breaking bugs i could see except for me the program crashes on exit. Art work is excellent and suits this type of rock game.The developer is active and programs this game live on his twitch channel.There are many options currently in the game and an expansive band customization option.Look forward to future updates, i believe the next one to be a more comprehensive song writing addition."
,Recommended,410840,34613508,Posted: 30 August,all,SpäceCädet,"Awesome game, recommended if you like Rock n´Roll or Metal and also tycoon type games."
,Recommended,410840,34250049,Posted: 14 August,all,Sir Augustus,"It's a great game. I was shocked when i learned this game developed by a single guy. Also write him what you want to see in this game, write him the bugs you've found and he will take care of it.EDIT : Sorry for my misinformation, the game was developed by two guys :)"
76561198212799556,Recommended,410840,35304606,Posted: 29 September,all,I Love Pizza,"Good game but it is really not finished !Some riffs are missing in the music Editor, The generate songs has been replaced by the steam workshop..So you will have to make your own songs, which is pretty cool. BUT, it will take a little amount of time and it will get repetitive.I recommend the game, because it is a fun game but needs a lot of improvement."
,Recommended,410840,29922447,Posted: 14 February,all,salty c♠t,i got scammed by a youtuber for $1000
76561198085810276,Recommended,410840,28214216,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Will Power,"Fun game, with an amazing dev that's active in the community. Can't wait to see where this game goes with each new update."
76561198348472447,Recommended,410840,28152428,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,marcosbartolozzi,"The game has a great potential to be explored, I hope this happens."
,Recommended,410840,27405271,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Celius,"I like this game. It do crash a lot (still) and a lot of features is disabled and the development is really slow, but it is a fun game that let you create your own band and become bigger and bigger. Its is nice and you cannot finish the game fast, so lots of playtime even though it is lot of the same you have to do, is it still fun."
76561198079351783,Recommended,410840,27541539,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Funghis Canale Grande,"funny little thing with (hopefully) even more to come...if you´re into rock´n roll and/or tycoon games, this is for you...multiple patches per day right now... seems like the devs have their hearts in the right places! :D"
76561198046877296,Recommended,410840,28111593,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Britto's Gaming,"Do I recomend this game? Hell YES!Do I enjoy this game? Hell YES!Are the Dev's reliable, hard working and committed to making this game the best it can be? HELL YES!This game has huge potential, its still early access yet the game plays really well, its polished and fun to play.There is enough content at the moment for you to easily spend 10+ hours playing and with how the Dev's are doing regular updates you won't be waiting long for more content.Sure there are some bugs, but all the bugs that I have reported have been fixed fast, some within an hour :)I have a few ideas on how to continue to improve the game which I have passed on to the Dev's and trust me they are listening to you!Would I buy this game again? Hell YES!Would I pay more than $9.99? Hell YES!If you want a fun game that is in the music genre than give this a crack, you won't be dissapointed at all!This game could open up so many more opportunities to make similar games in other genres.Keep up the good work Dev'sNathanBritto's Gaming"
76561197993003923,Recommended,410840,27995866,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HavocGr,"Game has extremely great potential and I am also a metal fan raised around bands.The music is GREAT, and it seems they really want to add many features.As it is right now though I cant reccomend it since it crashes often losing your game completely (game only autosaves).Its a bit tedious in doing the same things again and again (practice etc etc) which could be better streamlined (example, when you choose practise it could continue doing it until you stop it).Its early access though so I ll remain optimistic.Update:As you can see the devs work hard, game was patched to fix my crash problem a few hours after this review!I am glad I hit that reccomend button now."
,Recommended,410840,28052751,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RedWeird_,"My brother actually lived in my parents' garage and started a band, and after two hours of playing this I know how he felt...Anyone remember Rockstar Ate My Hamster? This is the next step. Obviously some kinks to sort out, including occasional crashing, but that's the case with early access.Pros:- Really good art style- Plenty of customisation options- Excellent soundtrackCons:- Tutorial needs to be more comprehensivehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpbfB3YZQnE"
,Recommended,410840,35257950,Posted: 28 September,all,s1ccoate,I am addicted
,Recommended,410840,34924091,Posted: 13 September,all,Games Played Badly,Unexpected Guitar Hero minigame was unexpected.
,Recommended,410840,29584232,Posted: 30 January,all,Paban,A great playable game even without the rythm gameplay.The two developers are doing an amazing job!Buy this game.
76561198367865474,Recommended,410840,30182978,Posted: 25 February,all,Brad18oh,This game is extremely fun. It has it bugs nut they get fixed pretty quickly. The delevopers also keep you updated on what they are adding and fixing.
,Recommended,410840,28126841,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DunceBass,"Definitely a promising game, been having fun with it and definitely enjoy the fact that there are updates pretty much every day."
76561198007440566,Not Recommended,410840,29948815,Posted: 15 February,all,Shadow,"Needs a more refined tutorial, Seems grindy! Gets boring after a while. 5/10"
76561198029818396,Not Recommended,410840,29950344,Posted: 15 February,all,GrenadesAndHamm,"Just doesnt' feel ready to play.  Text is tremendously difficult to read.  Seems like there is a lot to do, but with very little instruction, it's not worth it to spend time learning the game.  I refuse to play games that expect you to find out how to play their game from other sources."
,Recommended,410840,29912315,Posted: 13 February,all,mrmonsura,"Guitar Hero meets Game Dev Tycoon, excited to see future updates! Also needs and option to rename people.EDIT: Songs stopped crashing after last small patch! Devs are great!"
76561198196610975,Recommended,410840,30809782,Posted: 29 March,all,lasarv,I tried for the full 0.7 hours. I played in a coverband for many years and thought this would bring back good memmories. The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥music making part of cutting together snippets of soundclipps like a early 00s music making software on windows 98 just killed my spirit. frankly dissapointing investment.
76561198148196195,Recommended,410840,34219698,Posted: 13 August,all,Kreeds,"Good game and lots of fun. Be careful changing your video settings. Played on laptop and stuck in aspect too large for my screen. :( Build your own songs, build up a band, fire bad members, and upgrade as you go. Could kill hours playing this...IF I COULD FIX THE ASPECT!!!!!"
76561198098566753,Not Recommended,410840,31986774,Posted: 26 May,all,novaether,"If you like fastforwarding while nothing happens, this is your game. Click on a button and just imagine the possibilities that can happen - because they can't. If you try hard enough, you can figure out how to undo what you just did, but that's about it. The best time you'll have playing this game is deleting it."
76561198023746020,Not Recommended,410840,29161332,Posted: 10 January,all,Jannuh,"Till now I think it's kinda boring. I don't like you can't save the game yourself. I accidentally fired my lead singer and the game auto saved it after. Found a bug, when you buy items and start a new game you have these items in your equipment already without spending money. It's a lot of repeat the same things. Hope it gets better because it has potential."
76561198017005006,Not Recommended,410840,33194221,Posted: 3 July,all,Alexatro,"This game crashes infinitely. You want to put your head into this and play for a couple of hours but suddenly you come across a crash or a stupid bug 5th min. in the game. You want to do it again and another bug bites you after 10 min. once again. The developers are nice. They respond to questions quickly but do not seem to be ""able""."
76561198003364703,Not Recommended,410840,30034636,Posted: 19 February,all,jimpratt1979,"use to be a fun game , and totally respect all the updates but boy has this been ruined by the song editor , great idea in practise but now unless you edit your songs you cant watch your gig being played????????????why??dumbest idea ever , ruined for me uninstalling.Dont buy till that stupid idea is fixed , plus there is not a single bit of advice on this editor thing.So i went through the whole song with nothing being played pretty much?at least do a tutorial for it if your going to be dumb and MAKE people use it.AVOID this game as it standsEDIT JUNE 2017Fair few updates and games has slightly improved , still no where near a recomendation though and they have put a tutorial in although that is also a mess and the song maker is awfffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuullllllllllllll , ive spoken to well a fair few who play the game and they avoid the songmaker aswell and therefore u cant watch ur concert(admittedly its only a very short thing) but still no realism as cantwatch concert , avoid avoid avoidrudest developer ever ,avoid like the plauge guys"
76561198219815168,Recommended,410840,29693111,Posted: 4 February,all,ssaul4,meh.
,Recommended,410840,29921640,Posted: 14 February,all,NeT,"Solid game, and developers are always taking community feedback and implementing it into the game. Developers contacted me directly based on my previous review and asked what they could do better. The game is solid and great as it is right now, and is only getting better."
76561198021844077,Recommended,410840,35480206,Posted: 4 October,all,jnelsonred333,I really enjoyed this game even tho i had to request a refund with graphics not loading on certain screens.  Hopefully there will be a demo so I can try this game again.  Didn't make it very far ingame but I did enjoy the parts of the game I was able to play.
