user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,410850,19557404,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ArtificialRaven,"First of all, if you're using a controller the game shows xbox controls on screen. The gamemightbe coded for playstation controllers too but since I don't have one, I can't confirm.Currently the game does not support resolutions above 1080p.I expected DQH to be a cross between the Dragon Quest IP and Dynasty Warriors Musou mode. What I didn't expect is that it is a tower defense game. Very early in the game you're given the ability to summon monsters via monster medals that drop from slain enemies. There are 2 different types of monster medals, Sentry and Savior. Sentries can be summoned to protect whatever thing you're guarding and Savior medals are a 1-time use medal that has different effects like granting buffs, attacking enemies, casting spells, etc. Knowing how and when to use them strategically and intelligently is a must for late game missionsThe music score is classic Dragon Quest fare and I've noticed there's more music used from the other DQ titles whos characters don't appear in this game.The story falls into the usual good vs. evil cliche all the games have but that's not something I'm complaining about, It's what I've come to expect of the franchise. I'll leave it at that.The graphics are nice, the game plays smooth for me with everyhing on max and turned on even though I'm running an i5 4460 proc with a GTX 580 and 16GB ram. I have not run into any glitches and one crash to desktop for alt+tabbing a lot.Overall I'm having a lot of fun with it even though it is different from the normal DQ experience. I definitely reccommend it if all this sounds good to you."
,Recommended,410850,19941005,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Scooble,PLEASE BRING MORE DRAGON QUEST GAMES TO STEAM!MAY MY MEAGER OFFERING OF 60 US DOLLARS SHOW MY SUPPORT
76561197970964299,Recommended,410850,32037005,Posted: 29 May,all,Magick Mak,"Is it perfect?  No.  Is it a SquareEnix/Koei Tecmo masterpiece?  Maybe.  Is it a lot of fun?  Absolutely.It's basically Dynasty Warriors mixed with Dragon Quest RPG elements.  The combat is very hack n slashy where you'll fight against hordes of monsters over and over and over.  There's lots of XP grinding, side quests, and skill upgrades if you care to go after it all.You spend a fair amount of time in a central hub where you can shop and accept quests.  From there you can decide when you want to continue the main story questline or just focus on optional content.  You could ignore a lot of the extra content but there is enough here to keep JRPG fans happy.I beat it with roughly 40 hours into it but I could have kept going with TONS of additional content that I'm ignoring for now because I want to play Dragon Quest Heroes 2.The story is about what I'd expect for a DQ game.  Light hearted and comical.  They actually managed to get me to laugh quite a few times.  I tend to prefer the more ""serious"" SquareEnix titles but they did a great job with it.  You don't need to have play any other DQ games to enjoy this.  I've finished a few so I recognized some of the characters and that's about it.Fun fact:  It does make me want to go back and play some of the old Dragon Quest games.  If SquareEnix was smart, they'd start releasing the Android/IOS versions on Steam/PS4/Switch...  (refusing to play on my phone)My only real complaint:  Where is my 4k resolution and advanced graphics options in general!?  The game looks nice in 1080 but I play on a giant TV so some simple fixes would have gone a LONG way.  There are mods out there to fix it but I just sucked it up this time around.GIVE ME MORE RESOLUTION OPTIONS!!!!  (thankfully this is not an issue for DQH2 from what I'm told)"
,Recommended,410850,19465883,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The Brightest,"Pros:+ Great consistent visuals/art  and good pc optimization. (60fps most of the time, forced FXAA makes it look closer to the cutscenes)+ Fast paced combat, lots of nice looking animations happening on screen at once (things get crazy consistently)+ Switching between characters during battle is smooth+ summoning multiple monsters to aid you and allows to strategize your defense when monster waves come from multiple spawn points+ leveling up and gear progression seems fast+ Japanese VO+ a ton of characters to play as+ nice weapon skinsCons:- No AA options, have to force through Nvidia CP- Max resolution of 1920x1080- Tension skill cutscenes locked at 30 fps- saving your game is freaking slow- story lacks depth (though I expected that for a musou game)- some cutscenes are out of sync with the audioOverall thoughts so far:The game manages to keep every subsequent level interesting so far, which is quite a surprise. Still havin a blast."
,Recommended,410850,33029690,Posted: 30 June,all,~Lil RubyRose~,"Gameplay mechanics: Dragon Quest meets Dynasty WarriorsGameplay Graphics: Good QualitySoundtrack: Classic DQ / OkCameras: Mouse- Could use a tune up. Keyboard- Just noVoices: English - OkControl mechanics: Mouse/Keyboard - controls can be adjusted if not suitable for the playerStory: Slow to start, not as exciting for me as previous games in the DQ series.Monsters: As cute as ever!Score: 6/10Overall: Still so far intriguing enough to continue playing, there has been a good emphasis on graphics but I worry what they've pumped into graphics they've lessened in gameplay and story which is something that to me has always set these games apart from others like it. And this coming from a long time DQ/DW player where my first games were Dragon Warrior and Dragon Warrior Monsters for the Gameboy, I was excited to play this installment but now forsee myself getting bored. But will play through more hours and will readjust my review as necessary. For now I will still recommend it."
76561198043626930,Recommended,410850,19593762,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Monica Lewinsky,"So I feel obligated to review this game under two different paradigms. To explain, I have been a Dragon Warrior/Dragon Quest fan for as long as I can remember. one of the first games I had ever played was Dragon Warrior 1, and when I beat it I slowly began to move onto each indivdual one as they were released. I have played pretty much every western released Dragon Quest game out there spinoffs and all , and as a series the game holds a very special place in my heart. That being said I want to write this review in two sections, one for people who are new to the series, and one for long time fans such as myself.For New Players : The game has quite an interesting story, the only thing you will find confusing is the random characters from other games, but they do quite a decent job of making it interesting in and of itself as a game. The combat looks a lot more simplistic than it can be in actuality and it was one of the things that shocked me, in a good way. I didn't expect it to have such a natural feel to it once you get a grasp. I played with the more complicated setup of controlling everything individually and it felt very fun. So far the game seems to have quite a bit of content packed in to optimize your characters however your style of play might be. There is some pretty neat crafting and skill tree systems that actually can effect quite a bit. plenty of quests and side missions scattered in the game and overall very fun. even a pet system of sorts. They also took aa good bit of time to make (most) of the characters unique from eachother, at least once you start getting the later ones. One thing that threw me off at the start was the controls assume you have a controller during instructions, you will have to open menu with esc, then go to misc > settings > keyboard to see how to play with a keyboard. Honestly the one thing I felt that could have seen more attention from the developers is the control scheme itself while intuitive when you get the hang of it, it does noot give the best inctructions on navigating. I started off on a keyboard and pulled out a controller because it didn't feel right. But honestly overall if you are looking for a fairly well polished game with plenty of content to burn through it is very fun as a standalone game if you have never played Dragon Quest. one thing that should be noted is that this is the first Dragon Quest game that isn't a JRPG/turn based strategy game.For Long-Time Fans : Wow. I came into this game with so much joy. its been a long time since a dragon quest game came out new in the west and it far exceeded my expectations which were admittedly low with it not being turn based. as a game in itself it is enjoyable but for me it just offered so much more than that. all of the classic sounds and music just hits you with instant nostalgia. every moment offers you a memory of this or that and for me it just was amazing. It is packed with all sorts of references to the main series from the Imp Pets who dont have enough MP for their spells to the legacy characters to the bosses. it had its own characters and story as well that really makes it interesting at least for me. It feels like a more action packed version of all the hours of grinding that I was familiar with, and it has plenty of classic stuff that makes it well worth it. P.S. If nothing else, if you want Square Enix to release more DQ games in the west, BUY THIS GAME. The trailer didn't do it justice and maybe just maybe you will be shocked at how fun it is for a whole new style, like I was."
,Recommended,410850,30215203,Posted: 27 February,all,Goope,"I'm writing this review to address the ""Mixed"" reviews this game has on Steam.This game is good, very good. The reason the reviews are mixed is because its a musou (Dynasty Warriors style) game, and people tend to dislike them because of how simple the gameplay is.The gameplay is very simple. It consists mostly button mashing (with the exception of some late game side quests) to kill everything in the area. However, each character plays so differently that by the end of the game I was still learning the most effective ways to kill with each characters abilities.If you like Dynasty Warriors gameplay, or are a fan of Dragon Quest, you will enjoy this game a lot. If not, dont buy it."
,Recommended,410850,19490542,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lv99Hero,"I can't stress this enough. If you enjoy the music of the Dragon Warrior/Quest series, get this game. It's worth it for the soundtrack alone.The gameplay is great. Just enough RPG elements to make it more of an actual game than a grindfest.I miss the good ol' days of Square and Enix being separate entities, and always bettering each other due to competition, but sometimes they hit the nail on the head. This game is a testament to that."
76561198047915166,Not Recommended,410850,19875979,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Netatsake,"Okay, so hear me out before you just write me off as a hater - I love the HELL out of this game. I do recommend it, but not on the PC. And here's why.So, the first problem that you'll notice is that if you have Win10, then the game, on your first launch, will tell you to run the game in Win7 Compatibility Mode. Now that's not so bad in itself, as it works relatively fine in compatibility mode - plays decently, seldom lags during actual gameplay. Nothing too big. But then there's the other issues.See, I'm not sure if it's because it's on PC or because it's not compatible with Win10, but the game has a tendency to crash... often. Especially when you alt-tab. Even more often when you try to launch it. A couple of time, the game has outright crashed my computer as a result of playing it - of course, being the game addict I am, that doesn't stop me from playing it anyways.The game also tends to lag on loading screens, which isn't too big of a deal - but this causes a lot of issues with the cinematic's audio synchronization, and I don't think in the entire time I played the game I ever had a cutscene's sound in sync. Sure, it's not a big issue - the game's easy to play in spite of that, but this also causes cutscenes to crash at the end. It doesn't crash the game, mind you - just the cutscene. It forces you to, at the end of, or sometimes in the middle of, a cutscene, skip it entirely just to get to the game.Now, the gameplay itself. It's a hack and slash - entirely unlike any other Dragon Quest game (that I've played) and definitely not unwelcome. I can't help feeling it's trying to shadow Hyrule Warriors, but I haven't played it so I can't say which is better. The storyline is relatively decent, not something you're likely to get into very much, but it's good enough to keep you mildly entertained. The main villain - the human one - is honestly kind of forced. For a bit there I found it difficult not to side with him - if the goddess' goal is to maintain balance, why is it that the world is continuously peaceful with very little chaos? I kinda wanted to help the guy balance the light out with darkness, in truth.The actual gameplay is fairly straightforward - kill X enemy/horde of enemies, protect X objective from hordes of enemies... It's repetitive, but the enemies they throw at you are often versatile enough and difficult enough to keep you on your toes. Even once you've reached the postgame and have all your characters maxed out at level 99, it's still no walk in the park - enemies can still kill you, and rather easily, to boot. The bosses are no joke, either - certainly they could have brought the difficulty up on the first boss a little, but it's a tutorial boss, so they can be forgiven. I don't think there were any bosses that felt like they were too easy or too difficult - certain bosses have you protecting an objective, making it a little more difficult, but not overly so.Enemy behavior is rather straightforward - unfortunately, it's straightforward to the point that certain items in the game are completely useless, namely anything that claims to modify aggro. Enemies - boss enemies and larger enemies specifically - will almost always target whatever character you're playing as. Bosses that have minions will generally target you, leaving the minions to take out the objective you're trying to defend. If it's a person, they often have the tendency to run straight into large hordes of enemies... And I mean STRAIGHT INTO them. It's not that they have no other choice - it's that they're just that stupid. There are very few exceptions to this - the only one that I found was during a boss fight. Thankfully, as enemies grow in strength, most protection targets gain extra health/defense to counter it, so for the most part, all protection targets will be able to survive for a few moments by themselves if you want to go and relieve pressure somewhere else.Gear. Gear's straightforward as well - at least, for a Dragon Quest series game. Each character is limited to one type of weapon, and while there are three characters that use one-handed swords, they each also have swords exclusive to them. Certain weapons have certain bonus effects - if a character doesn't allow a shield on their kit, then they instead have a BLOCK stat on their weapon, so your defense is very easily kept up with by buying - strangely enough - weapons. Of course, there is also armor - or rather, armor orbs. These can be equipped by any member of the party, and always offer some amount of defense. Some of them also offer an extra defensive stat, such as evasion, magic resistance, or magic reflection chance. There's plenty of variety in building your character, especially when you get to accessories...Ah, yes, this is where building your character's individuality truly comes into play. You have accessories for resisting statuses, resisting certain types of damage, amplifying damage in certain situations, aiding in recovery... there's so many options that it honestly feels a little overwhelming at first. Or it would if most of them weren't completely useless.  As I stated before, anything that claims to control monster aggro does absolutely nothing. Most of the status resistances are about the same - they don't really help with the status or the monster in question. The only means of boosting your movement speed in the game is an accessory, but the boost is only 5% - that's not enough to make any form of difference at all. Not even with a full set of 3 equipped. For the most part, equipment that will actually end up getting used will be utility effects - slow immunity and the ability to damage enemies through their block. I will note that msot of the items that give you better health sustain do work decently well - there's an item that gives you an increased chance of getting healed at low health by your party's healslime, which basically makes for an ""OHSHI- Oh. I lived."" effect. Of course, if an enemy one-shots you... that's not gonna keep you alive.All in all, I give the game an 8/10 - if we don't factor in the crashes and audio glitches. With those it's a 5/10 - take it how you will. If you'd rather do without the crashes, you may want to pick up a PS4 and just play it there."
,Recommended,410850,19471256,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Simple Minded,This game is definitely a fun twist to the DQ games. Played 1 through 3 back in the day and have been a fan since. I'm mostly writing because I hope a Square Enix employee will read this. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE MAKE ANOTHER DRAGON WARRIOR MONSTERS! LIKE THE ORIGINAL OR THE TWO SEQUALS! OR BRING THE REMAKE OF THE FIRST TO THE STATES! SOMETHING! PLEASE!! ... 8/10 for the game.
,Recommended,410850,23260705,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Orion1189,"Reviewing this because of the sudden wave of ridiculous bad reviews. The game is a musou, meaning you can expect soemthing along the lines of Dynasty Warriors with a Dragon Quest theme. The production values are very high, the game feels very polished, particularly as this genre goes, and despite never really getting into the main series DQ games, I've loved the aesthetic and presentation of this game so far. It's not an overly complex or difficult game, but offers exactly what you should expect from the genre: tons of enemies in large environments, and a bunch of characters with crazy flashy movesets to dispatch those enemies. Beyond that, there's a lite crafting system, and a bunch of equipment to mess around with the tweak characters to your liking and playstyle. Also, I've seen a few reviews that say it's poorly optimized, and that's just not true in the least. In fact, I'd say this is the one Tecmo Koei game that is incredibly well optimized on PC. Ran flawlessly maxed out at 1080p on my GTX 770 I was running when I got the game, and continues to do so on a 980 Ti. I would say the $60 price tag is a bit high, but I paid $40 for it, and didn't regret it in the least. And that's coming from someone who has only ever really been curious about the DQ series and played very little of it. If you are a huge fan of musous and/or Dragon Quest, I think you'll LOVE this game, and that's exactly who this was made for. For those people, this shouldn't disappoint."
,Not Recommended,410850,22107855,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,The Duddler,"The basic gameplay of Dragon Quest Heroes involves going through missions cutting through swarms of monsters with weapons, spells, and special attacks. After a tutorial of sorts, you have an airship to get around to different areas on the world map unlocked by story progress. Each mission has an objective to complete which honestly doesn’t affect the gameplay in any meaningful way. You cut down swarms of monsters to protect a structure or a person, occasionally escorting a person or killing a boss. You level up your characters, buy new equipment, craft accessories, complete side quests, and continue the story missions.PROSGood amount of charactersFun to smash through hordes of monstersPresentation is wonderful, art and soundControls work well (I used controller)Monster medals are unique and add a bit of much needed depth to the gameplayDragon Quest nostalgia NUKE!!CONSSome characters are copies of othersStory, dialogue, and voice acting are cringe worthyEnemies get spongier instead of harder, making combat tedious at timesMission design is simple, repetitive, vapidToo much waiting (status effects in battle stop you for lengths of time, saving takes too long, etc)User experience is flawed (why do I have to talk to an NPC to change my party or save?)Camera too close for my likingOverall, I can’t recommend Dragon Quest Heroes to many people. The gameplay has a certain zen to it when it decides to let you play. Most of the problems I have with this game come down to the game distracting itself from what makes it fun. Taking away the player’s control takes away from the game experience. I can slice and dice through armies for a few hours. That’s fun. What isn’t fun is waiting for my character to wake up while he’s dying, or watching the quest complete animation for the 5th time in a row, or being forced to listen to trite dialogue during a battle. Even the battles get boring after a while, because the monsters don’t get harder, they just get spongier. At best, I can recommend Dragon Quest Heroes only to extreme Dragon Quest fans who also love Dynasty Warrior-esque games.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoQkaFAt2H0"
,Not Recommended,410850,33751848,Posted: 23 July,all,Don Knotts,"The game seems fun but it simply does not run correctly on Nvidia cards.  They supposedly added some fix to the options but it doesn't do anything.  Crashed a lot, cannot play in full screen, can't even start the game in full screen.  It was the first game I every returned on Steam after 13 years.  I try not to return games but if it doesn't work, I made an exception.  If you have an Nvidia card, buyer beware.  Sad because I'm a fan of both series' and was looking forward to playing it"
76561197975545453,Recommended,410850,19499160,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Quantum Paradigm,"Do you like Dynasty Warriors style combat?Do you like Dragon Quest style characters, systems, and story?Buy this game."
,Recommended,410850,26989549,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[APoG] Diabolis,"If you have ever played any Dragon Quest games in the past, you might find some familiar faces.Pros:~Lots of characters from past games~Great RPG elements in terms of attacks, spells, combos. weapons etc.~Brought back a lot of memories of past Dragon Quest games.~MANY HOURS OF GAMEPLAY OMGCons:~No world exploration, just stage based.~(this one slightly personal) seeing some characters from past games made me wish some of my other favourites were there aswell.~Exp grinding can suck and can take a long time without certain items.Overall id give it an 8.5, get this game if you like rpgs, if you have ever played at least one of the games in the series or just  buy it because i told you too :P"
,Recommended,410850,28788392,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chromedonut,"This game is basicly a Dragon Quest themed Dynasty Warriors type game. If you like repetitive hack and slashes, and are a fan of Dragon Quest or Dynasty Warriors, this game is for you."
,Recommended,410850,20560063,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Destro,"Dragon Quest VIII is probably one of my favorite games of all time, so when I heard that a Dragon Quest game would come to PC (Steam) I was hyped. After seeing the trailer I noticed that it wasn't the usual Dragon Quest gameplay, but more of a Hack-n-Slash/Tower defense game. Nevertheless I decided to buy the game since I liked the previous one so much.At the beginning you can choose your main character (either male or female). The story deals with monsters and creatures turning against humanity, what's usually not the case in this world of Dragon Quest. The further you get into the story, the more allies you gain. Even getting allies from different dimensions/worlds, where characters of older Dragon Quest games come into play. It was funny to see Jessica and Yangus again after all these years, and also fun to get to know the characters from other Dragon Quest games.While you go onto missions, you can always choose a team of 4 characters joining you. Having such a big roster of characters increases the variation in gameplay. Every character has its own spells and attacks and can be skilled in a different way. In addition to that most of them wield different types of weapons. Besides the main story, you can also do side quests and earn additional upgrades with it, use alchemy or collect mini medals.The story itself was rather predictable, but it was still entertaining. The gameplay was getting repetitve, after 30 hours into the game. But all in all I really enjoyed the game and I'm looking forward to more Dragon Quest games on steam. 7/10"
76561198082345505,Recommended,410850,19485819,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Cairn.L,"Most people's main concern,""Do I need to play previous Dragon Quest games to enjoy this one?""Well, the answer isNO.Dragon Quest Heroesis not the typical turn-base combat RPG we used to know like any previous Dragon Quest titles. It's a hack and slash action RPG. The gameplay are similar to Dynasty Warriors series but with more in-depth game features such as more skill variety, you learn new skills with skill point allocation through leveling, you can summon monsters to fight for you that you've captured in the battle, etc.The graphic was okay. It's not next-gen graphics, but it matches well with Dragon Quest theme, vibrant.Overall, Dragon Quest Heroes is a good game to play, either for Dragon Quest hardcore fans or new players.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmEjQPtTN7c"
,Recommended,410850,20379840,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Magnitude,"This is a very good Musou-genre game with some added tower-defense elements to help flesh out the whole thing.The good:Lots of DQ fanservice and callbacksColorful cast of characters with unique personalities, playstyles, and nichesFun Musou gameplay with some added DQ flairLovely Toriyama character designVoice acting is done wellLots of contentGorgeous graphics/art designPassable soundtrack, if a little forgettableController support is well-implementedThe bad:Some cheesy/hokey writing and dialogue, particularly towards the endClunky, slow user interfaces (accepting quests and recharging healing items takes far too long)I found the pace of the story to be slow, but this might depend on the player"
,Recommended,410850,19500480,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Schiller,"Fantastic Warriors game in a DQ setting. Great graphics, many graphic options and runs flawlessly in 60 FPS. Certainly one of the better Koei Tecmo ports."
,Recommended,410850,29629537,Posted: 1 February,all,Lord KKs,"This game is nice, it would be better if the game had more combos, because you kinda get bored after some time doing the same combos over and over, luckly there is skills to mix it up.That aside, the game is too easy, it should have a hard mode or something, bosses could have more mechanics.The materials that we get from monsters should have a stronger hole in the game, like monster hunter, to craft better gear, this would stimulate the grind in the game and motivate people to do side quests. If the shop gets stronger everytime, why do i need to bother with this materials? just to get some silly ring buffs? I didn't need to.Monster medals was a nice touch, though i only got the sword because the grind was stupid and i feel no satisfaction in killing the regular mobs, they are just too dumb. The ""generals"", or 3 size mobs were ok.History is silly but is fine.Art, the game is beautiful i just can't stand this dumb happy faces monster design from Dragon Quest, never liked it.The Archer is probably the top dps in the game. Insane skills non stop damage.Overall was a nice ride, and the gameplay definitely have potential."
,Recommended,410850,19559361,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,FallenBlue,"A fantastic addition to both the Warriors and the Dragon Quest franchises that is (thankfully) very much faithful to the latter, Dragon Quest Heroes manages to feel like an actual Dragon Quest adventure with action-RPG gameplay rather than turn-based RPG, while also supplying a whole new adventure with returning characters from older games.If you are a Dragon Quest fan, this is simply a must-have.  Embark on a quest with many goals and side-objectives, right down to the usual trademark Mini-medals, and face (and enlist the aid of!) all the familiar monsters of the series.  And naturally, expect some laughs along the way."
,Recommended,410850,33200289,Posted: 3 July,all,PsykeShow,"I've always enjoyed Dragon Quest series. I bought Dragon Quest III for PS2 way back because I thought the main character looked like Goku, and I've always been a fan of DB-series (and yes, same designer. Loving it) and it's one of the most fun RPG series I've ever played. One day I hope I can play through every game.Dragon Quest Heroes is a game I were super hyped for when it came to steam, but I didn't get to buy it before the summer sale 2017, mainly because I've been to school and somewhat forgotten that I added it to my wishlist. But enough of smalltalk, lets get to the review.Dragon Quest Heroes is from my understanding the main characters from the other successful games in the series binding together to fight against Darkness who has been taking over the world and made the monsters turning against their old friends.I for one really enjoyed this. While I'm not 100% complete with the game at the moment, my 28 hours in the game gives me a solid insight in this game. Because, it's pretty repetative. The quests and story-quests are pretty predictable after a while. There's 2 main quests in the story, either:1. Kill all the monsters on the map2. Defend this thing and kill the monsters on the map.The side-quests are mainly this aswell, but with a new twist: ""Kill these monsters who drop these ingredients"".You also get around 11 characters, where you can mix a party of 4, or 3, as you're stuck with your main character no matter what. All the characters have different playstyles and different spells of course, so there's variety there.Aside from the repetativeness, I actually think it works pretty well for my liking. It's a hack'n'slash combo-monster killing-game. It could, and probably should be more diverse, but I've heard the 2nd one fixed this problem. However, to me it's not a big problem.The story itself, is to me really good. I absolutely loved following all the cutscenes and reading the story as it grew, and how everyone met and became friends to fight evil. How everyone got together and grew together. All the different personalities. Now, I'm not usually one to follow the story too much, as a couple of the games I've played has been fun playing itself and the story easily got boring and made me skip cutscenes and spam ""A"" to get to the game asap. Not this, however.The music is also nice in this game, and the graphic is exactly what I would expect from DQ. Cartoony-animated series. Definitely gives the series a nice charm of its own.All in all I'll give it a 4/5, though a personal 5/5. If you like the Dragon Quest series then you would probably enjoy this aswell. If you're easily bored by killing tons of enemies, then this game might not be it for you. The story makes up for it in my opinion. I'm glad I got this, and I would recommend it if you need a chill hack'n'slash RPG to kill some time, and millions of monsters."
76561198003768139,Recommended,410850,30025685,Posted: 18 February,all,Thomas Marik,"I've been a fan of the Koei Warrior games for a long time and was excited to see this title go on sale recently and picked it up.   In short I was not disapointed.ProsThe Music:   They pulled music strait from the Dragon Quest games.   From the menu screen to the battles if you close your eyes it sounds like Dragon Quest.  I dont know how it sounds for someone who never played the RPGs but for me it hits that nostalgia button like few games ever have.  The Sound effects are likewise pulled from the RPG and used correctly.The graphics: The art looks liek it comes strait out of the more modern titles as well.  From the characters you play to the monsters you fight you may as well be playing one of the RPGs  The maps you play on are a bit more 3D than I am used to from the older titles but are consistent in their art style and work for a Warrior game.The RPG experience: In some ways the experience of playing this game isnt too different from playing something liek Samauri warriors or Dynasty Warriors.   There is something about the presentation though that really makes me feel like I'm playing a traditional RPG with an alternate battle system.  Part of it comes back to the soudns and music.   Otehr parts is how you basically are returning to ""town"" to talk to people and buy new gear.  You also have a world map which gives you alot of freedom of movment.Monster Coin system:  Early into the game you get the ability to turn defeated monsters into monster coins so you can use them for yourself.   This all happens in the same battle and you will start deploying them strategically to helpe you face teh waves of enemies you fight each round.   There are two types.  Sentry and Support.  Sentryies plop down and defend an area.  fighting off monsters and stick around until they take enough damage to be destroyed.   Support monsters arrive, do an effect such as restoring the parties HP or MP, and then leave.  This adds a uniquestrategic element to the game that I really like.ConsRepetative: First off it is a Warrior game.  All Warriors games are repetative.  As of writing this Ive only played 4 hours.  Already I can see there is going to be additional grind.  You will find yourself going back to maps you already fought in the story line and fighting endless hordes of enemies.  This is good in sofar as it allows you to train unused characters up and is important to get gold and alchemy items to craft decent gear for yourself.  There are also maps you can find in the world and quests you can find in town which open up new levels and lets you refight boss fights.  It is just the sheer amount of materials you need which makes this a bit of a chore.   The Alchemy system that lets you build accessories is the main culprit.Party System:  Usually I am not a big fan of controllign multiple cahracters in a Warriors game.   However in other games where you can do this you can command the characters you arent currently activly controllign to do something.  This is missing in this game and its kinda frustrating.  Having 3 people follow you up to a fireball thrower and just stand there and watch you use it while hordes of enemies barrel down the street is irritating.No Split Screen:  I dont nomrally play my Warrior games Solo.  However when my neices are over they get a kick out of playin Dynasty warriors together split screen.  With the colordful characters in Dragon Warrior I thought this would be something they would love.   Unfortunately with no way to play together it would probably lead to more fighting than fun.UglyStory: I dont find this a con but it isnt really a pro either.  It does deserve mentioning though.  The dialog is corny.  I personally dont mind it.  It makes it cute and most JRPGs do have corny overly dramatic dialog and characters.  However if you are going into this expecting a story worthey of Pillars of eternity or Tyranny you will not be impressed.   Although why you would go into any warrior game not expecting larger than life charcters spouting off corney dialog is anyones guess."
76561198035391503,Recommended,410850,25827917,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,lagrie,"first off i must say i'm a warriors/musou fan.Second i like the DQ series.And i really enjoy this title, i keep playing it, and keep grinding and repeating levels.One great title.Lots of fun, cheerfull story, solid characters.i do hope dqh2 will come to the west.Lots of fun with these titles.cant get enough."
,Recommended,410850,26410713,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,lord.mrakainus,"I've played Dragon Quest since it was Dragon Warrior, which means I got a Nintendo Power subscription back in December of 1990, which included a free Dragon Warrior video game with the subscription. Ironically, my parents bought me ""Spot: The Video Game"", which I played maybe a handful of times, but Dragon Warrior I was the first game I legitimately beat on my own.With that useless preamble aside, if you loved Hyrule Warriors, and by default, Dynasty Warriors, you'll love Dragon Quest Heroes. It has cameos from Dragon Quest IV, V, VI, and VII; which are the story heavy games of the main series. Even without those cameo appearances however, the game is SOLID by itself, and worthy of praise in this franchise, so much so that it's already getting a sequel. If you like action sequences, fighting tons of monsters, obtaining loot, collecting weapons, and crunching down stats to make yourself more powerful (via skill seeds), then this is your game! I've loved Dragon Quest since it was Dragon Warrior, and if you enjoy this game as much as I do, I encourage you to explore the main Dragon Quest series!!!"
,Recommended,410850,19464944,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Saibot,"I've been waiting for this, since years. I'm so proud to be a PC Gamer.We need more out of the Franchise. NO Framedrops. Constant 60 fps. Wonderful Game and Story.Recommended for everyone! :)"
76561197976081787,Recommended,410850,30060199,Posted: 20 February,all,mdwbm,"Cheesy story, goofy characters, and lots of mindless combat. This was such a fun game!The game revolves around the children of light facing off against the forces of evil.  The monsters in the real used to be friendly and now they have turned bad. It is your task to stop them and restore them to their original state. To help you out, several individuals have been pulled from their universe and dropped in ours with no hope of getting back until the evil that threatens the world is stopped.As graphics are concerned, the game is very detailed and varied. As you can tell the theme is cartoon/anime style. Each character in the game has their own unique look effectively highlighting the different locations they come from. The weapons are also highly detailed with some being very imaginative. The locations are varied and offer several different types of locations from nice sunny fields to underground caverns. As I have not played the original version from which this was ported, I cannot tell you if the graphics are spot on or toned down.The sounds and music are varied but can become quite annoying at times. As you will be going back to locations A LOT you will hear the same songs repeated over and over. There are several songs but not as much as there should be. The voice acting is well done and very emotional. Each character has a different accent and dialog. The problem comes with the script. Most of the time, you will want the king to stay quiet. The syncing is decent but not spot on in many occasions.The controls are easy to do and very responsive. You have your two types of attacks, specials, dodges, swap characters, and dodge. Each character has a series of small combos that you spam throughout the game. Everything you need is attained by either pressing one button or a combination of buttons.As the controls are quite basic, the combat is your typical hack and slash. Think Dynasty Warriors meets Kingdom Hearts meets Monster Hunter. The game focusses around you running around killing monsters just to run into another room to kill more monsters. At times, you are going to need to gather some ingredients to make some extra equipment or up your levels. Why not go into one of the many locations you have been to and run around killing monsters. Do not worry though, once you leave the area all the monsters you just killed will respawn so you can kill them over and over and over.My main complaints with the game however are:•	Lots and lots of load/wait screens (some for no reason)•	Crafted items do not up stats enough•	Randomness of certain things (to include crafting) can get very annoying when waiting for something in particular•	The game has some optimization issues. Several fights will slow down regardless of monster count.The game is quite easy to beat. So, you will spend a good amount of time completing side quests and grinding. If you can deal with that, the game is actually quite fun."
76561198087239262,Recommended,410850,30918384,Posted: 3 April,all,GrimD_Jak,"Background info:Running it with W10 ,intel i5 and a AMD r9 390,as a port the game runs great at 1080p 60FPS smooth with gamepad support.Iv also never played any Dragon's quest gamesIt’s good game in my eyes, what makes it good is what makes it different to games in its genre but what is it really? It’s a action Jrpg (think Tales of Berseria BUT not confided to an instance of a encounter with a enemey) with levels that play out like a dynasty warriors game, so action Jrpg + hack and slasher.Think of yourself as a spirit jumping party member to party member using different abilities on the fly while fighting hordes of enemies while you try accomplish an objective/goal, each new member adds different fighting styles to the party with different abilities to try out on hordes, which adds loads of combinations for party building leading to experimentation against hordes of different enemy types or bosses while fighting a dynasty warriors style objective.Pros:-Great visuals-Great Combat System-Monster coin mechanics-Many Enemey types-13 Playable heroes-Mouso-esk levels-JRPG stuff-Huge Boss fights-Tower defence gameplay levels later in the game-Very long game(30-35hr story plus the Endgame content)Cons:-Lack of specific character class/weapon switching(""I want this mage that uses staffs to now use a bow and be a archer"".)-AI(The AI behavior for some basic enemey mobs is so passive it's stupid with the more aggestive AIs showing up in high hp monsters like golems,sabertooths,hunter mechs etc.)Story Missions dont vary much from each other but play out like a game of dynasty warriors game moving around the area to take out or protect key locations(kill this horde, defend is object from this 2-3lanes spawning hordes, kill these 3 miniboss at once etc.) but what makes they really different is the variety of different enemy types you’ll be facing, You could get mobbed by slimes in combination of golems + skeletons that try to take your objective or fight against a squad of skeletons backed by a giant sabretooth tiger with heal bot slims around, a squad of armor knight blocking your lane, it adds a really different kind of chaotic diversify to the game and when your against harder lvl enemies  Later levels where you meet Maya is when the game really takes a turn into a tower defence game where it shines when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan when you face afew higher HP mini boss demons at once and you got to act fast with every tool at your disposal,it's pure chaos and only you can bring order.Characters within your party vary greatly from each other (expect the two main story ones you choose at the start of the game) as each bring different abilities that do different things in the pursuit of monster killing or supporting the party to kill monsters, you could have a AOE spitting mage with rods, DPSer with gantlet fists, or a Boomerang wielding status healer that take care of status stuff which are very specific to them. Party members can be lvled up with xp acquire from missions to get points to unlock new abilities, stat boosts and combo attacks as you progress which sets character apart from each other.  Each character’s appearance is customization(to a point) and has a specific weapon of trade they use that can’t be switched out for something outside it’s type say from a sword to a staff.Monster coins  make you summon defeated monsters you killed during that current mission to fight alongside your party but with some limits(they cant follow you through the level so most will guard objectives,lanes,and killing other monster within range), with well slotted coins you could have your own hordes of skeleton knights, slimes and zombies, golems guarding a lane or useing healer slimes like a potion, just another cool layer added during combat.You can also increase your coin slots from Quests to have even more minions at your side as well as more stronger ones at once.There’s alchemy system with recipes for mixing ingredients to make new items for bonus stats, theres also weapons and armor shops to buy new gear that scale as you progress through the story.Overall the game sets itself apart with its enemy types, party member abilities,diffrent gameplay genres and monster coin mechanics, to where it doesnt play in the like regular Jrpg but a game with a lot of JRPG/Tower defence/musou  elements stuffed in and out actual combat with party member swapping, I recommend the game to any Musou/JRPG fan as well anyone looking to dip there toes into the world of Dragon QuestNow let's wait for Coop in DQH2:)"
,Recommended,410850,25596320,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOLYONE,"Good game. Simple, colorful, fun. A nice blend of Dynasty Warriors combat and classic DQ RPG mechanics.pros-good story-fun combat against the monsters-colorfull worldcons-limited custamization"
,Not Recommended,410850,23885713,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Rayge,"Tested on a 980ti, GTX 980m, GTX 960m. All systems are running windows 10.Game doesn't run in full screen mode. The Koei Tecmo ""fix"" for it doesn't work. That is to run the game in Windows 7 compatibility. I have a 1440p monitor, so running it in windowed mode at 1080p is a no go. So I use Borderless Windows and the game is at full screen but:-The jitter and stutter from the frame rate is atrocious.-There is a diagonal tear across the screen. Some sort of WEIRD VSYNC issue.-Frame rate CONSTANTLY fluctuates from 45-60 no matter if I'm runnin on low or high settings. I have to lock it to 30 FPS just keep it from going crazy.-The audio in movie playbacks are out of sync-I'm pretty sure some of the graphical options don't do a damn thing to the game's image quality. Sort of like the One Piece Pirate Warrior 3 game.-There is an issue with XB1 controllers where you'll have to roll back to previous drivers if you have the latest ones. Much like the same issues present with OPPW3. I'm sure there are other controllers that don't work.The game has not recieved a single update to attempt to resolve ANY of these issues. Much like OPPW3.If you're tight on money, don't pick this up until it gets to $15 or under. Its that bad of a port.  ESPECIALLY if you're a 900m series mobile GPU owner. KT games fall apart for some reason on them."
76561198023210932,Recommended,410850,19538990,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,-=Grimmix=-,This is such a great game. I love the artwork too. I highly recommend thos to anybody who is a fan of Dargon Quest or Dynasty Warriors.
76561198104841789,Recommended,410850,30110600,Posted: 22 February,all,parkerrish,"First and Foremost I am a HUGE fan of Dragon Quest related games.  I have played all of them so far, but have only beaten a few of them.   This is by far the best Dragon Warrior game I have ever played in my honest opinion.  It puts you in the environment.  The best thing about this game is the saturation of the Dragon Warrior feeling.  You constantly are hearing remixed battle tunes as well as town and city themes throughout the entire game.  If you are a fan of these type of games get ready for the Mac daddy king kong of them all.  This is definately a fan-boy's dream.  I really like how each character has their own way and style to play with.  When you finish the game there is end game content and bosses to defeat to prove that you are ""The best.""  These are really challenging and worth it.  I couldn't put the game down for 50 hours straight and that's really hard to do for me in all honesty.  I highly recommend this game if you love the series.  This is a hack and slash, level up skills, rpg kinda game.  Let me know if this review was helpful!  I hope you enjoy it!"
,Recommended,410850,19529421,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Gundamio,Do you like dragon quest games?This is porn for you.
,Recommended,410850,19481107,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Alenonimo,"Story is corny as hell, but oh boy, killing dozens of enemies with a swing is as good as poping bubble wrap!"
,Recommended,410850,19466045,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Jazzy Fella,"My experience with the Dragon Quest Heroes----------Positives----------Well, for starters, I really had my doubts about purchasing this on Steam. Since it could've turn out to be yet another clunky PC port like many others we got throughout the years, I wasnt so sure whether to buy it for ps4 or PC. In the end, I got encouraged by the holy refund option Lord Gaben has provided us, so I decided to buy it from Steam. I'm glad and relieved to say; WE GOT A VERY GOOD PERFORMER PC PORT HERE! Maybe some AA issues but nothing that your gfx control panel cant handle, pop that FXAA from nvidia/amd control panel and enjoy the smoothness.My second biggest doubt was its being a musou game. I really dont like musou games, although, a musou infused action rpg game within the Dragon Quest universe? That didnt sound bad at all so it managed to pique my interest, and im quite glad it did, because game is great so far.Combat is fluid, intense (maybe a little bit too easy at the beginning but im sure it'll pick up the pace as I make my way further into the game), monster summoning is a nice touch and adds a small strategic depth to the game, plenty of characters to play with to catch the spirit of musou genre and its done successfuly, story and dialogues are fun and lil bit of cheesy just like they're supposed to be in a spinoff title. And I dont even feel much of a need for talking about the amazing art style the game has; still the beloved Dragon Quest concept, yet its redefined with Pixarish cartoon lines, just perfect. Soundtracks are also pretty sweet to listen and has the classic Dragon Quest tunes to them.----------Negatives----------Although, there are some down sides. They tried to sprinkle some rpg elements here and there, but it feels quite half *ssed! Like character development for example. At the beginning of the game, you get few level ups by playin the prologue. When you hit the camp, you distribute the skill points, unlock few of the unlockable active skills, and thats that. All the other unlockable skills are just some minor passive effects and stats, which are almost the same with every single playable character, and doesnt really add much of a change to the characters.Also the game's UI is so frigging big! I mean, if we werent gonna get higher resolution than 1080p (yes max res is 1080p) developers could've included some UI Scaling option. I sure as hell dont like a minimap which takes 3/10 of my whole screen.There's also an issue of, how do I put it, trying way too hard for being old school. Like certain menus, for example the side quest panel; grabbing quests shouldnt take this long. We didnt need to hear 5 seconds of music after accepting every single quest and you cant even skip this! Same with the event dialogues, camera focuses a certain event, characters talk about that event -all is good so far-, but why am I not allowed to skip these dialogues after I finish reading them!? Why in the hell you make me for like 10 seconds for each dialogue to disappear, which takes almost around a half minute in certain cases when more than few characters decided to talk. There are many other annoyances like these, every single interface activity takes way too long and feels clunky with forced, non skippable dialogue windows and lame♥♥♥♥♥jingles.And finally,there's also the problem of pre-order bonus DLCs. By the time I wrote this review, we didnt had the promised slime edition dlcs, they added them one and a half day after the release, and those slime weapons are just starter weapons. So anyone who pre-ordered the game was already way too past the starting point, therefore couldnt use those dlc weapons. Yeah, false marketing at its best here, almost feels like a scam.I did hope in this case, that the developers would make these weapons to adjust to your characters' levels when you grab them from mailbox,  since that was the only way to make up for this false marketing, but that didnt happen either.There are also no badge crafting and steam trading cards for you collectors as well, and this might be a downside for some.----------Conclusion----------All and all tho, im quite happy with the Dragon Quest Heroes. Game's addictive formula really makes up for it's downsides. If you are an old fan of the series, lots of beloved characters will make you feel nostalgic and you will love this complete new touch both the gameplay wise and concept wise. If you are a newcomer to the series, you'll still enjoy a good ARPG and will be making your entry to one of the most beloved jrpg series. So, a win for everyone. Great buy, great port,great fun.----------SCORE: 8,5/10----------"
,Recommended,410850,34453053,Posted: 23 August,all,Raytings,"What's a Dragon Quest?  Where are the Dragons?If you're not familiar with Square Enix's Dragon Quest, I'm not surprised.  The original RPG was titled “Dragon Warrior” and was released on the the Famicom and NES in the 80s.  After that most titles were lucky to have made it out of Japan.  DQH seems to be the first of recent attempts to re-enter the Western market and the first Dragon Quest game to make it to Steam (a port from the PS4).  In DQH you'll take control of a bunch of main characters from past Dragon Quest Games, to fight hordes of enemies from the series in a third person perspective with weapons and spells.  You'll be able to level up, choose stats to upgrade, morph abilities, and craft accessories.The GOO-REAT & the SlimeyAny crafting lover can find love in their heart for the crafting system in DQH.  While it's not the most intuitive crafting system, it can feel very rewarding to craft a helpful item, and even more rewarding with the chance that you make a perfect accessory to add a random stat bonus.  Each character can hold three accessories at a time (That’s a lot of bow ties).At first glance, DQH can seem deceivingly button mashey.  Attacking in succession will usually perform three weapon attacks, and that’s pretty easy to pull off if you know how to push a button three times.  You’ll encounter enemies where certain abilities have distinct advantages over others.  Lightning based moves for example, will disable movement and attack of certain mechanically based enemies momentarily.  Also if you can time it, blocking and dodging will help you a lot.Lastly DQH does a great job bringing to life the characters that people grew up playing in entertaining cutscenes throughout the game.  Most characters are loveable, but the I’ve found the that relationship the two main characters Luceus and Aurora have to be less likable than the others and shallow.  The main male character is often contemplating over complicated strategies outloud, while the main female character interrupts him and gets straight to the point.  In contrast, two new characters introduced in this game:  King Doric is loveable and warm, and Healix, who can dislike Healix? (*slurp*)  Minus a few crashes I had in one specific dungeon and the alt-tab issue that causes your screen to go all black, this game is almost perfect for Dragon Quest fans, or new fans to the series!"
76561198043355962,Recommended,410850,29995571,Posted: 17 February,all,jasonbb2,Good solid game as a fan of the Dragon Quest series this game is a good fit it is fun it is entertaining and solid story.Yes the game play has been done before but it fits IMOThe game has some stability issues so running it at lower rates is suggestedOver all a great DQ game
,Recommended,410850,28338391,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,FoulOne,A fun beat-em-up in the Dynasty Warriors tradition with all the flair of the Dragon Quest series.
,Recommended,410850,30060517,Posted: 20 February,all,Oak SK135,"We all know the one thing that mattersYes, the controller works."
,Recommended,410850,29988319,Posted: 17 February,all,Karl,"If your a big fan of the Series than this is the game for you. for all the people saying they keep reusing the same sounds and Characters but, that's what makes Dragon Quest great they can focus on story and Magic and other things. I do like how your ai buddies can damage foes too. there are alot of games that it looks like there helping you but they will not damage enemies like the lego games. This game I think is for the retro gamers that has played since DQ1 aka Dragon Warrior 1. Like one of the big enemies that you fight is the green dragon from the first game and it had the Battle music from the DQ1 Battle. but now you can relive your battles with these monsters in real time battles. I love this game its like Dragon Quest Swords for wii but 1000x better."
,Not Recommended,410850,21108647,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Falzarr,"I don't write reviews often, and in fact, without checking, this might be my only steam review (that or one of like 2 or 3) but here goes nothing.Overall, I did somewhat enjoy Dragon Quest Heroes. It's an amusing way to kill an hour by well... killing hundreds of cartoony monsters. However, that's about all it seems to be good for. After playing for a while, I started to get bored faster and faster. My first play session lasted 4 or 5 hours, the 2nd one only around 2-3 hours, and every play session after that has gotten shorter and shorter. I feel like the game is just too shallow, even for a musou style game. Each level is small (even the biggest level I've done yet is still smaller than the average musou game level) and usually has either no strategic objectives other than the monster summoning portals (named Nightmaws) that you need to close or one or two people/objects you need to protect while you close the Nightmaws. The closest thing to ""depth"" that the strategy for defending objectives is would be the fact that as you kill monsters, they can drop monster medals which let you summon copies of that monster to defend a small area for you. Generally these monsters do a good job of defending, but can be overwhelemed quickly if you don't keep an eye on them. The number of enemies in each level also feels small compared to other musou style games but to keep the spirit of the Dragon Quest series, you have a party of 4 characters  that you bring to each level. Granted, you don't need to bring 4 people once you have finished the first few levels and unlock the ability to edit your party, but it just feels pointless to bring 4 people when 1 is more than enough. So with that out of the way, time for the pros and cons list.Pros:Level design is good despite the small level sizeGood MusicGood visual effectsDecent enemy varietyDecent Party variety (skill type/playstyle variation)Fun character personalities/dialogueBalanced gameplay (as far as musou style games go)Cons(I will go over the two with asterisks in detail at the end of the review)Small levelsToo much copy/paste for hero abilities. Some are literally the same ability with a different visual effects.Some of the worst english voice acting I have ever heard.Crafting system feels worthless/forced*Inability to skip frequently repeating mini cutscenes/jingles*Extremely unoriginal storyTerrible anti-aliasingLack of variety in level objectivesNow onto the last two things I want to discuss. The crafting system and the mini cutscenes and jingles.The crafting system is fine in terms of functionality and UI, but the accessories you can craft are pretty much all completely worthless until much later in the game. The base effects of most of the lower level ones (based on what level you are before the materials for them start to drop) are not going to effect you in any way. For example, one gives you 40% resistance to sleep. That's all fine and dandy... but at the point in the game I got to before giving up, I only encountered 1 enemy type that can put you to sleep and had only actually been put to sleep twice. Ever. The only good thing about the crafting system in early game is that when you combine multiple of the same accessory to upgrade them, a new random stat is added to that accessory. If you are lucky and get one of the few stats that matter it's great, but more often than not you will end up with another worthless stat.The last thing to mention is the unskippable mini cutscenes and jingles. An example of the mini cutscenes would be every time you load your game, you have to watch the camera fly down and zoom into the priestess at the cathedral. Not a big deal, but it takes a few seconds each time you load your game, and that adds up. Another example is every time you return to the Stonecloud after you finish a level. You beat a level, go to a loading screen, and then AFTER the loading screen, you have to sit around and wait for another few seconds while the camera cinematically shows you what the central room of the Stonecloud looks like (a room you spend 95% of your time in while not on missions). It adds up. An example of the jingles would be every time you turn in a sidequest. When you finish a sidequest, you have to report it to the questmistress. When you do, she congradulates you by putting a stamp over the quest description window for that quest and then clapping for a few seconds. You can skip her dialogue to a degree, but you can't skip the stamping or the clapping. Say it with me now: It adds up. Things like this also occur for various other events throughout the game such as when a new character joins your party or when you craft an item. To really drive this point home, let's say you complete 35 side quests. have recruited every character (6 mini cutscenes since some are recruited in groups), have loaded your save game 50 times, have completed 100 levels, and crafted 100 items. Now let's assume that each of those events has 3 seconds of unskippable cutscenes/jingles (3 seconds is about the average).  That adds up to 14.5 MINUTES of unskippable, repeated events that you will have seen dozens of times each by the end of the game.So there you have it. The game is fun in short bursts and has great looking levels and spell/ability effects, but lacks any kind of depth in level objectives, has a mediocre at best crafting system, wastes your time with unskippable repeating mini cutscenes, has poor english voice acting, small levels, limited enemy numbers and variety, and a story we've all heard a thousand times. The only way I could recommend this game is if you have never played a musou style game before and want to get a taste of a dumbed down version that will require very little effort to learn and beat or if you are a parent who for some reason wants to introduce their kid to a colorful and cartoony musou style game (I won't judge). Aside from that, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198070702969,Recommended,410850,22783854,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,smacd,"Easily one of the best Dragon Quest games I have ever played. While it is not a main series game, the style is there, and the frantic battles bring an entire new dimension to the series. The enemies are fleshed out in a way that has previously only been left to the imagination, and the inclusion of characters from many of the beloved games is complete fan-service (in the non-pervy meaning).Not to say that this game is without faults, but most of them are minor. The text is too slow and interrupts the game a bit too much early on, and there are a few too many escort/defend missions where I'd prefer just killing everything. And one of the main characters is rather annoying."
,Recommended,410850,33596755,Posted: 16 July,all,DavidNight62,"As a fan of both Dragon Quest and the Dynasty Warriors series, this game takes the frenetic action of DW and adds the awesome characters and RPG elements of DQ for a solid action game. While DW has a more mindless combat system with using only attacks and Musuo attacks, this game's combat is a bit more robust. Being able to use skills and magic along with standard attacks makes the battles much more enjoyable. You can even summon monsters to help you out and defend key points and people. Grinding is prevalent but once you unlock the free mode of a stage, the game allows you to stay in the area for as long as you want and leave once you've sated your grinding appetite. Finally, when you die in a stage, you keep the EXP and Gold you collected and get to retry, so losing isn't all that bad.Some cons: Some cutscenes aren't synced properly with voiceover so they aren't as enjoyable as they could possibly be. Characters are also pretty one-note in their personalities which doesn't add a lot of depth. However, the characters are all pretty endearing and you'll probably find some you like more than others. Story is also very by the numbers but it's a small gripe as something this wacky can only go so many directions without making it too confusing.30+ hours in, I'm still enjoying this title... if you're a fan of DW combat, I would definitely recommend this game. The game's difficulty is pretty average to high at some points, but finding the right strategy will usually help you prevail.8/10"
,Recommended,410850,33781007,Posted: 25 July,all,Psychic Kitty,"First off....just to know...other players are having issues running this game...and i do not....my specs are a gtx 980 and windows 10...whihc seams to cause crashes and such.....but i dont see it...so wont comment on that any further.I like this game, its has a fun interesting story with amusing characters and an art style that reminds me of dragon ball.The music is not too bad but does get repetitve....the creatures and sound effects are very close to the older dragon warrior games.The game play is very similar to the most rescent dynasty warrior games.....so its the old press x for the simple slash...so many times then press Y or trianlge or what ever you have set to that.I use a xbox one controller....and it plays ok...a bit of delay on thigns at times...cant compare to the console version as i dont have that....so that could be normal.Over all seams very easy......but then again i played alot of dynasty warrior and smuraii warrior games.....even the legend of zelda warriors game on a 3dsxl.....so could be my experieince with games like this.This one has the typical hub system....and tons of NPCs which makes the between time sometimes very annoying and boring....as you run all over looking for that one person to give you a quest.......again like dragon ball z bodokai and dynasty warriors....the targets and arrows are not there inthe hubs...not sure why....maybe ot irritate players.Anywise i do liek this game.....i recommend it for people who like this sort of hack and slash and beating up 100s of enemies at one time type game."
76561197988649231,Recommended,410850,19559232,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,osakayurik,"oknow this is not a bad game not by a long shot but there are a few things i want to point out**Simple things take waaay to long to do**IT TAKES WAY TO LONG to do stuff, for example healstones, if you're trying to imbue your stones with healing powers you can't select all and do it no, you have to do it slowly ONE BY ONE and thesame goes for equipment bought at the armorer or orbs.YUP if you have more than one character that uses the same type of equipment you'll have to buy the item ONE by ONE instead of... you know... buying all at once?everytime you access the church to imbue your stones you first select the stone, pay the required amount of gold, watch a boring animation with church like music playing on the background and finally you imbue your stone.Now do that a couple more times cuz you have at least 3 with you.gladly the animation only plays once that is... if you dont exit and reenter the church lol**QUESTS**only played 5 hours but i can already tell that the quests are kinda annoying and low in variety.for god's sake this is a musou style game where you blast through hordes of enemies with flashy skills and movementputting that in mind the quests are really stupid. for the majority of my short gameplay it was always aboutprotect the city gates, escort this guy, take this machine to that place don't let it get destroyed, protect the roots of yggdrasil.STOP!! a little bit is ok but not EVERYTIMEyou can summon monsters to block the path while you're busy killing monsters that come from the other side ( it's a cool system) but most of the times the enemies ignore you're summoned allies and start attacking the thing that you're trying to protect, so.... they are kinda useless.... making bodyguard missions very annoying. I hope the quests will gain variety as i advance to end game.(you can revisit areas and just kill everything in sight to get exp and items)**CONTROLS**the controls are bad if you're playing with a keyboard and a mouse.i know this was originally a console ONLY game and these kinds of games are better played with a controller but this is PC! A LOT of players play PC only games so they do not have a USB controller in handand since you're putting this on PC... you guys should have changed the UI for better mouse and keyboard compatibilityi DO play with a keyboard and a mouse and i had a hard time changing the controls cuz everything is translated to gamepads.btw i played on playstation since i was a kid so to me the buttons are square circle X and trianglenot Y X A or some strange SHEET like that lol and that made me even MORE lost when i was setting up the gamethat's all i guess everything else is good as far as i could see during my short 5 hours of my first day after picking this game up.in conclusion this is a great game i definetly recommend itbut it could have been better"
,Recommended,410850,19865628,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Oops Sorry,"i recommend this game for someone who played a lot of dragon Quest gamein my opinion it was a good game but i need to use any external software to play this game in full screen because the full screen mode didn't work in windows 10 and the resolution option quite oddi dont know why this game can't compatible with windows 10 but this game release in 2015 -_-so i hope there're some updates to fix this problem, but this game is sure good :)"
,Recommended,410850,19722409,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sleepteiner,"I had a lot of fun with Dragon Quest Heroes. I believe that if you enjoy Dragon Quest games, Dynasty Warriors games, or even RPGs in general, you will have tons of fun with this game."
76561198047238373,Recommended,410850,31513902,Posted: 2 May,all,phantomkiss65,"I've been a lifelong fan of the Dragon Quest/Dragon Warrior RPGs, though the spinoff games tend to be hit or miss. I really liked Hyrule Warriors on WiiU though so I decided to give DQ Heroes a try, and I'm happy to say its well worth the purchase! Its definitely more of an action game but it has plenty of RPG-like sidequests and character management features that I really enjoy. Plays great with an Xbox controller. Can't wait to finish this so I can start Heroes 2!"
,Recommended,410850,30866752,Posted: 31 March,all,Diesel Do,"a very good game over all. most of the negative I have seen is on one button continous press....these must be newbs to mousou games, Dragon Quest Hero's offers a 'slick"" interface, I'e skilled fighting and combo/spell determination. This is how the game is ment to be played. I am rather sad that it even offers a super easy one button mode.  Mousu is about combos and powers, skilled button fighting, and finding loot. This game is very good as each char has diffrent dynamics if you don't play simple. Thats the core of Mousu, diffrent chars with lotza options if you know yer combos. Relegating it to one button....takes all the fun and stratagy away.  I've seen story line hatred too, but Dragon Quest has always been the basic premisis. To complin about it now is stupid. It's ment to be basic. Leap in have fun save a kingdom type deal, but now you have full 360 control of combat with a few cavets. Carving yer way through the enemy has never been so much fun. Don't be one of those stupid reveiwers taking the simple play mode. Play it as it was ment, a mousu requireing you to fight combo and defend intellegently."
,Recommended,410850,23246623,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,taeles,"Ok so there's alot of crud being spewed on the forums about how different this game is from the traditional DQ numerical titles and folks, its supposed to be different. They marketed this from the very beginning as a action rpg in the vein of dynasty warriors. And its exactly that. You run around, you smack the crap out of everything, you level up, you collect loot, you upgrade/buy new gear, you head off and do it all again.Along the way several heroes will join your adventure, all party friendly to you and they are significant characters from various numerical DQ titles, very cool stuff :)Controller friendly, I didnt try mouse/keyboard myself.My favorite part? 60fps smooth gameplay. The game's framerate dips on the ps4 in the 'towns' mostly, none of that here.Do you like DragonQuest? Do you like Dynasty Warriors? Would you like to play a blend of the two? Here it is :)"
76561197974337118,Recommended,410850,29014858,Posted: 4 January,all,Exiss,"I started my Dragon Quest days back on the original 8-bit NES when the devs couldn't secure the name and the game was originally known as ""Dragon Warrior."" Falling even further in love with the 2nd and 3rd releases, I had been a fan ever since.  When I saw this was released, I jumped on it, and it has become one of the few games I had ever purchased at full price.  If you're a fan of Dragon Warrior/Quest and also enjoy hack and slash games, you really need to pick this up.Pros:-Has the more memorable and loveable characters from across several DQ games.-Has good voice acting.-Paths you can take to unlock new moves and combos, not unlike the more common hack and slash games.-Artwork and characters designs are great as always.-Animations and combat are smooth and fluid.-Plenty of different choices with the different characters to encompas a wider array of playstyles.-If you enjoy hack and slash, this game fits the ticket.-The addition of setting certain monsters as sentrys to guard certain areas adds a great little extra dimension. Always love when they include extras like that, which by now has become a standard, pretty much.Cons:-Sometimes a battle calls for repetetive use of (a) certain skill(s) and the constant vocalization of said ability gets really irritating.-If you're not a BIG fan of hack and slash, the repetinion may become a bit dull and you may not feel the need to return to the game for extended periods of time until you get that itch. This is, by nature, part of the genre, and not this game specifically.It has unfortunately been a little while since I last played, but I'll update this review if I remember any other details.For Dragon Quest and Hack'n'Slash fans: 9/10"
76561198003209059,Recommended,410850,29135194,Posted: 8 January,all,KirbyVolt,"For those familiar with Dragon Quest: You will enjoy the fanservice and lightheartedness this game has to offer. It even boasts some original characters that are really enjoyable and add to a great all-star cast. While it is a small overall pool, the way they do the character builds make them feel more unique from one another so each character feels like a slightly different playstyle even if it's the same button combinations. (Ex: some characters' attacks work more of a range, have a delay, etc.)If you've never played Dragon Quest, I would still recommend this as it's a fun beat-em-up that expands a bit better on the Dynasty Warriors formula. This is basically what Hyrule Warriors (The WiiU and 3DS game) should have been, a combination of the two parent series rather than just a Dynasty Warriors game with a different coat of paint. The RPG elements for characters leveling up, sidequests and a party system helps the game feel a lot more fresh and offers more variety for the missions you embark on. Thankfully none of the missions drag on for hours at a time, so you can feel more comfortable with this game in small or large doses.Sound wise the game is fully voiced and each member of the cast does a terrific job of bringing these characters to life and helping you get an insight to them even if you're not familiar with their respective games. The audio can be mixed decently so you never have to worry about SFX, dialogue or music trying to over-power each other. It's only detriment is that it has a very small OST, which is kind of typical for Dragon Quest, but all of the mission themes (for the most part) are fun renditions of each Dragon Quest's battle themes... which you'll hear all of them fairly quickly. They'll rotate out but there isn't much other music other than hub music.Overall, this is a fantastic game and it only $39.99 right now it's well worth it. Give it a shot and show Dragon Quest that it has a lot of love here in the west."
76561198027070506,Recommended,410850,33373593,Posted: 8 July,all,Wisely,"My humble opinions of the game after completion and hours of fun:1) More than 10 characters with various characteris (tanker, archer, magicians, swordsman etc) where you get to control them2) Everyone have their own strength and combo skills for you to explore3) Some jokes along the story plot4) Various mode of fighting scenes. There is the standard hack your thru map, there is the protect the town within time limit type, there is the escort villagers to destination type and the difficulties are at a level which is challenging. You really have to know the game mechanics well to winAll in all, highly recommended game to play."
,Recommended,410850,33761188,Posted: 24 July,all,Monkie,"it's dragon quest setting, dynasty warriors gameplay, with a bit of pokemon mixed inall in all it's an amazingly well made game"
76561198058440339,Recommended,410850,24345913,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,A BRAWL IS SURELY BREWING!,"ERMERGERD GIMMIE THE SECOND GAME ALREADY!I Really enjoyed this game, It's perfect for a Dynasty warriors like game and a good Dragon Quest game with alot of fan service in all the right ways...I hope they bring the second game to steam so i can play this with mah m88s-Chuck Norris"
76561198160868511,Recommended,410850,34655852,Posted: 1 September,all,Strayed Lynx,"The sequel is a much,MUCH better game but this is still a pretty decent Dragon Quest themed Sengoku Musou game."
,Recommended,410850,19983361,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pgadmin3,"Feels like Dynasty Warriors on PS series for those who have played that before.Easy to play, but the controls can be better fine tuned.Overall recommend for a de-stress session."
76561198057254179,Not Recommended,410850,33854784,Posted: 28 July,all,kestral63,"A passable Musou game hamstrung by also being a soulless cash-in.  I suppose I'm lucky the game runs at all instead of crashing like it does for so many people, but I do have the never-fixed error where cutscenes have out of sync audio.  And how the creators have refused to fix that is a pretty good indicator of how little they cared about the game in general.I don't ask a lot from Dragon Quest.  Since the franchise is wired to my nostalgia, simpy identifying which installment each background jingle is from keeps me pretty happy.  Naturally I enjoy a mindless grind once in a while, so the combat is... mostly okay.  Until you get to certain flying enemies who the game arbitrarily insists you miss any time you swing at them until they descend a milimeter.  Watching attacks you very visibly just landed not count is unimaginably dumb in an action game centered on easily hitting things by the truckload.  It's not like there's any real strategy to fighting them besides some extra waiting and other annoyances.  There are some gimmicks in here that seemed to be thrown in without really thinking about how obnoxious they would be.And I would count all item management and half the shops as annoying gimmicks.  Gathering drops in the game is a needless pain that wastes your time making your character slowly plod over to identical bags that take a second too long to appear after an enemy dies, blown miles apart to the edges of every room you had a fight in.  It's a slow, badly thought out interruption to the murdering.  When you beat a level in a story mission, all items on the map automatically get teleported into your inventory and you get a satisfyingly long list of spoils... which any sane developer would have noticed should have been the default method of collection.Unfortunately, these are developers who decided that they also needed to sh*t all over your drudging item-gathering by giving you too little inventory space for no reason.  All your tiresome hunting and gathering goes to waste because you're not even allowed to hold it all.  You must try to use up all excess items in a whole other, needlessly slow, repetitive alchemy gimmick clicking through 10 text screens at a time and watching the same dialogue and animation play out to make one combination... over and over until you have freed up some inventory space.  A problem that never had to exist in the first place when even back in the SNES era, Dragon Quest sensibly threw inventory limits in a ditch.  DQ Heroes resurrects it, adds more reasons to hate it, and rubs it in your face.  You can increase your item limits... by doing several story missions... except that also means inevitably collecting more items you cannot carry.  But it's the only way to make this Dragon Quest game stop punishing you even harder for grinding before jumping into some place under-leveled.  It's a problem that only serves to interrupt both the jRPGing and the Musouing that never had a reason to exist.Dealing with text in general is painful in this game.  At least, when you're actually given control at all.There is story dialogue that insists on waiting 30 seconds ebtween messages that are only in there to waste your life, I suspect because the lead director is a sadistic time vampire.  Even when you have control, they gutted the franchise's usual text speed options.  You can only speed it up the scrolling by hitting down or the cancel button... which is guaranteed to screw up your decisiosn in shops, loaded with 10 different pointless, repetitive dialogues with completely unnecessary yes/no questions kept from the NES era, so now you will accidentally choose 'No' or move the cursor at the wrong time.  If you're in a hurry or just sick of seeing th same chain of dialogue for the millionth time, you are in danger of accidentally quiting out of the game without saving.  A lot of the DQ series' interface is charmingly retro, but DQ Heroes' is a devolved, counterintuitive clusterf*ck.The game has an English dub that is honestly commendable.  Though that might be because I have no idea what a decent non-American accent is like.  So to me, Terry is the only character that sounds like the groan-inducing anime dub.  I feel like there was actual effort, as most actors ham it up as hard as they can to give every cahracter a distinct personality, speech, and presence.  I just wish it had happened to a better original script, as the plot is painfully phoned in, most interactions are trite cliches, and the cutscene pacing is slow and drawn out.  In an industry mired with botched translations and dubs, this is one of those rare cases where the English translators and voice actors tried to spruce up and save something awful and dull.  They deserved better than the crappy text controls and buggy audio sync."
76561198018119779,Recommended,410850,23223076,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Grimnir226,"Loved this.Not a favorite, but I really liked this one.  Growth system gives me the feel of empowerment while the weapons and characters leave a lot of variety to enjoy.And then the rampant Dynasty Warriors style action really lets me purge some stress.  Would play the next if they release in the states."
76561198017502047,Not Recommended,410850,20586053,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Morty Smith,"This is another one of those games that was designed for consoles, and when they wanted to put it on PC they asked ""Do we need to work on the controls so that they will work? Chance a little bit of the dialogue so people know what the tutorials are saying to do? Maybe ensure that there aren't any issues? NO IT'S FINE IT'LL WORK FINE, IT'S FINE IT'S FINE IT'S FINE.""Not fine. Controls are basically the first boss of the game, constantly on your hands, grabbing your fingers and constricting, insuring you're never doing exactly what it is you want to do. So far the major issue that I have is that Power attack, and Cast spell are the same button. So with the ""slick control"" scheme, I can't use magic. But with the other easy control scheme, I can't really even control a thing my character does. Pretty dissapointing really. So i'm left with the choice of watching my character flail around like an epileptic octopus, or I can't use a core ability. Quite the decision indeed."
76561198045089122,Recommended,410850,19561039,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Karliewarlie,"Pros:+ Seems very promising+ Have enjoyed playing every minute so farCons:- Think there are some technical issues that need ironing out. For example, video and audio does not sync well during the cutscenes. Video can be a bit glitchy from time to time."
,Recommended,410850,32181706,Posted: 4 June,all,Sean H C,a stress release game where you slices mass amount of enemies
,Not Recommended,410850,29887676,Posted: 12 February,all,OrionFusion,"So I received this game as a Christmas gift, which was most of the reason why I actually played through it entirely.  Over 22 hours it took me to finish and I really tried to give it some good credit, but it took a lot of patience (and my OCD likely helped push me to finish a game I started) to get passed its flaws.First off, it's all recycled.  Every character was from a previous Dragon Quest (or Warrior) game with only a tiny bit of backstory.  Their dialog is horrible in that it tries to be light hearted and funny, but it comes off really campy.  The sub-par voice acting is also problematic so the story line doesn’t flow all that well.  That’s not a huge problem anyway since the story is weak and insanely repetitive.  Essentially, you go town to town clearing out monsters of increasing difficulty and then look for the main bad guy, which always turns out to not be the worst bad guy.  Then there are a million side quests, as per any typical JRPG.  However, these side quests aren’t very interesting until the very end when suddenly every character has a major plot quest, which I assume is for more back story, but I couldn’t have cared less by the time those came around so I didn’t do any of them.Then there’s the combat – it doesn’t require a whole lot of strategy or planning.  Essentially you just mash one of the two attack buttons while dodging every now and then.  When you have MP, you cast a couple of spells.  When you get stronger spells, you have to hold the button down longer to execute them, but usually you just get pummeled before it can charge up so the extra damage you caused isn’t really worth the trade in HP lost.  Once you start your multi-hit combo, your animation can’t be cancelled unless you’re hit with a sufficiently strong attack.  So if you see a boss attack coming, you can only sit there and wait to be hurt or killed until the animation finishes.  You can’t dodge or change anything up mid-attack.  This is just the way the game was made so whatever, but later on there are hordes of boss-type monsters that do long-duration attacks and juggle you in the air.  This effectively is a one-hit kill since you can’t roll away or defend while getting beaten to death.  Luckily, I didn’t have to do a whole lot of side quests or grinding in order to get strong enough to beat the game.  I just did a few here and there to be able to get more monster coins and store more healing crystals.  The generic hack-and-slack combat wasn’t enough to keep me interested and just felt like I could’ve just watched TV and kept hitting the same button over and over again.If you’re still reading this review and thinking you want to buy the game, go ahead.  We all have our own taste in the kinds of games we like.  But keep this in mind – if you play for an hour and don’t think you could keep doing the same thing for the next 20+ hours, then get a refund right away.  Watch a few more gameplay videos on youtube before you consider purchasing this game though.  Just in case."
,Recommended,410850,25076075,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,JGizzy,For years now i have been a huge fan of DQ.  This game has not let me down. I am enjoying this game so far and finding it changelling in places and funny at others. There is one part i am not keen on and that is after every mission you get sent back to the Stonecloud and personally i would prefer to chose that option as i would prefer to keep going until i feel ready to return myself and not after every mission. But all in all i am enjoying this game and will continue to enjoy it even if the voices are different and weird accents that are quite amusing. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys story combat and and RPG experience. Also i love the loot theres lots of loot but sadly there is a lack of inventory space and can only carry 30 items any number of same item but only 30. Also a walkthrough guide maybe needed if you need help as this game can get a bit confusing. All in all i am loving the game and hope they make more.
76561197970655353,Recommended,410850,19493847,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Baad Mamma Jamma,"A few hours in and I'm loving it so far!I've never played a Dynasty Warriors style game until now, so for me, it's all fresh.  So far, the gameplay and controls have been easy to pick up.I'm playing it on my gaming laptop (yes, they exist and work wonderfully), plugged into my big screen TV, and using an XBOX 360 controller.  I'm playing it at max settings, with no crashes, no stutters, no issues whatsoever.It's a lot of fun, especially if you're a fan of the series.  Being able to do all the things you can do, to the monsters in a universe that you love using the characters from the series  is delightful.  There seems to be plenty of upgrades available for every character, be it stats, spells, equipment - the works.  The voice actors are high quality, and the storyline is interesting.I'm looking forward to sinking a good amount of time into this title."
,Recommended,410850,27029514,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shera,"I've been a Dragon Quest fan since I was 9 and it was called ""Dragon Warrior.""  This game is a spin-off game in a different style that still feels like it takes place in the same world.  The charactors look and talk like Dragon Quest charactors.   It definately is a console port and the only reason I bought it on Steam was that I didn't have a PS4 when it came out.  It is not the classic turn-based RPG, but an action game in the style of Dynasty Warriors.   If you played ""Hyrule Warriors"" on Wii U or 3DS it's the same style of crossover.   I enjoy it when I'm in the mood for that style of game.  It's not a game I'd play for hours at a time, but since I have a full time job AND a family I like spending time with I don't have much time to do that anymore anyhow."
,Recommended,410850,33206695,Posted: 3 July,all,Gamerz-Zone,Recommended if your a dragon quest fan and love beat'em up with tons of monesters
76561198042475351,Recommended,410850,19605100,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,NegaBro,"this game is addicting, still deciding if price was really worth it. happy to support game developers that continue to make great games such as this."
,Recommended,410850,19608966,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Meradrin,"I kept bashing heads in again and again through the same method during hours and hours, and before I even realised it, each random enemy needed hundreds of hits to go down so it can get a bit boring sometimes.Still really enjoyable, and if only aiming to play through all the quests and the story, you won't take too long, because it's actually reasonably easy."
,Recommended,410850,19627715,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,FLPanda,"Having a lot of fun with it. Imagine Dynasty Warriors, but with Dragon Quest monsters and cartoonish graphics which fits with the rest of the DQ games. It could use some quality of life changes though, the menus are kind of slow, and the UI is a little to big in my opinion(mostly the map). It would be nice to have an option to show all text immedietly instead of it scrolling across the screen. So far my only complaints.Overall a very fun game."
76561198048299947,Recommended,410850,24440243,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,BleepBeep Bloop,"this game is amazing!Ok I know I am only 3 hours in and I will updatebut this is all the dragon quest goodness you need.characters from other DQ games make a comeback, the beloved monsters of DQ and DQMJ to fight in hordes!the gameplay is a tiny bit repetitive, but I don't mind that at allit is a hardcore hack and slash, if you like those games, don't hesitate :D"
,Recommended,410850,19543036,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,fu11m3t41j4ck3t,This game is my first Dragon Quest game and it is great all of the best elements of a hack and slash RPG with none of the hassles that ussualy come with a title in it's genre. Traveling to world is a breeze encounters / missions take place in large magnifcent looking areas combat is great you feel really powerfull with your amazing looking combos to rack up tension so you can go super sayain and really put a hurting on those monsters all while collecting there soul coins to summon and strategicly defend objectives or have them fight with you this game is a blast! I hope to see more titles in this franchise come to PC via steam and I just may have to pickup a 3DS XL to play the ones on there.
76561198022358293,Recommended,410850,19573302,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mori86,"If your a fan of Dragon Quest and the Musou than this is a instant buy the game is ported really well and makes good use of RPG elements in the Musou gameplay, Extremely Good OST Art Direction etc 10/10 imo . ITs probably going to be one of my more played games"
,Recommended,410850,19481287,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Hallelujer,Healix exists10/10
,Recommended,410850,20866079,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Erdrick The Hero,"I highly recommend this game to all Dragon Quest fans and lovers of action games. However, unless you have a rather powerful computer to play on, I must recommend you go for the PlayStation 4 version over this one.This is my first ""hack-and-slash"" kind of game, and I love it. I'm not sure if I would particularly enjoy just any game of the genre, but the alure of Dragon Quest is enough to get me to try anything once, and this was impressive enough that I'm already sold on the upcoming DQ Heroes II. However, since I do not have much other experience with the genre, I'm not well equipped to compare or contrast it with other games.I can, however compare this version to the PS4 version, which I owned until recently (and intend on purchasing again when I can get a copy of the Collector's Edition). The requirement for an i7 processor seems to be irrelevant - the one listed appears to be on the lower end of the i7 scale. I'm about 3 hours into the game and haven't had any problems with my i3-2120 @ 3.3GHz. (I'm not an expert, your results may vary.) However, I was a little dissappointed with the graphical requirements. I had to fiddle with the settings quite a bit to get the game to run at 60fps on my machine, and even now it occasionally dips around 30-ish at 720p. (I""m currently using an Nvidia GeForce 640GT.) I had to drop all the graphical settings between the low and medium settings to achieve even this resolution and framerate. It's not quite as pretty as the PS4 version this way. But I'll give it this: It looks much more beautiful and fluid than the Japanese-only PS3 release, which is locked to 1280x720 @30 fps, with much less impressive textures and shaders.One last thing to note: While I didn't particularly expect it, I'm still disappointed by the lack of native DualShock 4 support. Even though Sony has released official drivers for it, I have yet to find a single game that supports the controller natively (without treating it as a generic DInput device). Though I was able to get around this inconvenience using an XInput wrapper (the one I use is called DS4Tool), it's still annoying, as I figured a previously PlayStation-exclusive title such as this would be a good candidate for DS4 support. Also, the rather basic-looking XBox button prompts do the job well enough but look like they were just thrown in without consideration for how they look with the rest of the HUD. They'r rather flat, with a boring font and light colors, and look rushed. (This is also the case for the PC port of the Japanese-only Dragon Quest X... Looks like a pattern to me.)I'd give the game a 10/10 overall, 8/10 for the PC port specifically."
,Recommended,410850,19555432,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Aliton,"Really love it! I own this on PS4 and now on Steam.... I am starting step back buying PS4 games since Square-Enix bring their games to Steam. I am more happy to buy it more collection! :-)It has no problem with my Windows 7 64bit edition, 32gb ram, 960 Geforce GTX. Look so beautiful run high maxium setting. With no glitch/bugs.I am looking forward more Dragon Quest to Library in future! Of course Online!!!Kupo!"
,Recommended,410850,23508498,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,T.w² | The general nobody knew,"This game combines two of my favorite game series: Dragon quest and Dynasty warriors. It has the memorable characters from dragon quest IV-VIII, and some cameos. Its all about destroying those darn monsters for...uh...reasons? If you have one of those days that your angry, this is actually a nice stress game, for you can take your anger out on slimes.The only problem to this game is that they didnt change the controls ported from the PS3-4, therefore, its very confusing once you start, and it asks ""press the RB2"" and your using a keyboard. other than that, its a great game, despite the price"
,Recommended,410850,19540898,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,"If you like hack n' slash games, and Dragon Quest games, this is a VERY solid game. Old school mixed perfectly with new school. Two big thumbs up!!"
,Recommended,410850,19466429,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The Dark Wizard,"So this is a little gem in the dark dank mines that is known as Koei Tecmo. Like many of the fans of these kinds of hack and slash games like (Dynasty Warriors) and others that have become from KT with inferior ports to the PC compared to their console counterparts, I shared a concern.However allow me to allievate most of your concerns if I can:Like most of these kinds of games, you'll most likely want to try a controller, I can safely say that it runs super smooth and all the prompts for this port work correctly!Stable 60FPS, not a single drop.PS4 Texture Ports (So it doesn't like like a terrible PS3 port), unfortunately max resolution is 1920 x 1080 but for most including my self this isn't really a problem, sure in 2015 its kind of gross for any Developor to not properly add in all the resolutions but I honestly can't care enough at this time, I didn't have high enough hopes as it is from KT.This is way more in depth then Hyrule Warriors and Dynasty Warriors for those wondering, it has a decent selection of items(but so did those two other games) several spells, RPG elements, monster summoning (you can capture them in this game and basically use them like towers). All in all its an Action game with a decent light RPG system.I was expecting trash but I can honestly say I'm really happy with Dragon Quest Heroes, this is the first Koei Techmo game that wasn't trash and while this is my very first Dragon Quest, I'm happy to say I like the style of the art and the such.I know some others are complaining that its not a full fledged tactical RPG for which the Dragon Quest name is famous for but for those of you who like this genre of game like DW and HW, then you are in for a special treat."
,Recommended,410850,23259056,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Lucy,"I am currently playing this game but i am writing a review because of all the negative ones that are here.This is a wave based hack'n slash game, it kinda feels like Dinasty Warriors but it's a bit different in the combat.You have at your control at the same time a team of four characters which you can customize however you want. There is quite a big number of weapons for every character, and they look different bur they play the same almost all the time. There is a levelling system which works quite well, every level up you get on each character gives you point to upgrade that character, there are three special abilities for every character, they are not in categories, every one of them is pretty cool and unique. The graphics are perfect for this type of cell shading, obviouslt the character desing is great considering that Akira Toriyama made it, if you've seen or read Dragonball you will notice it, a lot and that to me is a huge pro. There are lots of different monsters and each one is pretty unique. During combat you will be able to summon monsters and that adds a lot of deepness in the gameplay. As an hack'n slash this is not the best one out there, i really prefer Bayonetta over this, but it is also true that is a different gameplay. The sounds are great, you can choose beetween japanese and english languages for the audio, musics are great and sound effects too. I am really in love with this game, i've actually played just a bit of Dragon Quest on the ps2, and this is not a turn based rpg so it is not really comparable.I've read about performance issues, but running this on a 980 never have me a proble, 1080p 60fps maxed out, the framerate gets locked to 30 when you're doing a particular type of attack that i won't spoil.Buy this game if:You love hack'n slash games, you like Dragonball, you are not looking for the most deep story and you just want to kick asses.Don't buy it if:You hate hack'n slash, you hate anime, you want a deep rpg like the other games of this serie."
,Not Recommended,410850,19633893,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Rrenierr The Android,"It is a fun game, it really is.It's like a hack n slash-tower defence like RPG game, and they really improved the old songs, while keeping what made those songs good.But right now, the game just isnt good. A lot of people (including me) cant even play it fullscreen, or with more than 20 FPS.The game also tends to crash in the middle of fights sometimes.to sum it up, its a good game, but untill there is a fix released for people using Nvidea cards, it's no recommendarion from me."
76561197993235379,Recommended,410850,21252723,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Koalafied,"Do you like Dragon Quest nostalgia?  Do you like Dynasty Warrior-esque games?  Then you'll enjoy this.Is it a bit grindy and repetitive?  Sure, but both of these titles usually have a bit of both of that.  Just be prepared for it to be more Dynasty Warriors than DQ, it is made by the Dynasty Warriors team, but with DQ nostalgia and comedy/skins.IMO, defeating Zoma without the Sphere of Light should be an achievement, considering it is the hardest feat in the game without any incentive to do it other than saying you pulled it off.And for those that play this... THWACK!  THWACK!  THWACK!"
,Recommended,410850,24604037,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Levithmong,"It's not as strategic as the main Dragon Quest games, but it is a lot of fun to play and sometimes even challenging.The missions and quests can be tedious sometimes.It does get really boring and the developers didn't even take the time to alter tutorials, because right now it's like playing on a PS4 but with a keyboard instead of a controller."
76561198085832554,Recommended,410850,19675544,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Veeshonshon,"As a Dragon quest fan boy, I have been playing dq from first series through Dragon quest 10.You can meet a lot of DQ charecters with full voice, I'm so glad that is good is born.ARGGHGHGHGHGHGH Yangus in full voice and jessica too!   I played on 3ds version once and it's really exciting!"
,Recommended,410850,19880362,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Buster Wolf | Shishi,"Let's start of with this; this game is amazing.I love the Dynasty Warriors franchise and I love the Dragon Quest franchise.This combines the two amazingly and honestly was more fun than recent Dynasty Warriors releases.The characters are funny and the plot is simple but fits within how Dragon Quest runs, it doesn't take itself too seriously.The best thing about this is the combat system, holy beep the combat system, every single character runs off the usual command strings of punch punch special (etc.) but every single character plays differently, I've only played 3 hours of it so far and unlocked 6 of the characters and playing every single one feels unique, they don't feel similar, this is a good thing. I would definately recommend this if you like the Dynasty Warriors franchise and/or the Dragon Quest franchise. Plus with the Monster summoning system where you can summon enemies to aid you if they drop the ""coin"" really adds tonnes of stratergy in the game, it makes you think on how to do things without it being overly difficult. Also Alena martial arts combos are the bestP.S. Enemies are fun and so are the skeleton puns"
76561198260705384,Recommended,410850,19940199,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,GethN7,"First off, fair warning, I'm biased as a Dynasty Warriors and Dragon Quest fanboy.That said, this is worth getting if you love both, but I'll cover what could make you reconsider first:Controls: Pretty good for mouse and keyboard users, but artilley platforms are still as clunky controlwise as they were in Dynasty Warriors 8. The controls also don't map well to some controllers, hope they patch this.Graphics: Stunning and colorful, got the warning about needing to play in Win7 mode on W10, so far haven't had issues despite ignoring it, but this could be a dealbreaker on systems where it gives people fits regardless whether you heed the advice or not.Now, for why I recommend it:Music: EXCELLENT. As a longtime DQ fan, I was in AWE over how well they remixed the music for an action game. They even retooled the original Dragon Quest 1 Battle Theme into something awesome for an action based game.Gameplay: Plays a lot like Dynasty Warriors, but with a lot of Dragon Quest touches and features. The end result is quite enjoyable, and each character has their own strengths and weaknesses, which makes switching them stategic instead of merely to whichever one you are best skilled with, nice touch if you ask me. The Monster Medals aspect also adds some stategic depth to battles, done well if you ask me.Story: Won't win awards for originality (They cribbed a lot of notes from Warriors Orochi to make the crossover parts work), but the presentation is pretty good. Voice acting is excellent and continues the fine performance level as illustrated in Dragon Quest VIII. Also rather impressive how they manage to take the RPG geared aspects of Dragon Quest's core and married it to Dynasty Warriors action based format, this was done much better than I anticipated.Conclusion: If you don't like Dragon Quest, but like Dynasty Warriors, you'll have fun if the DQ stuff doesn't turn you off too much. Conversely, if the more action based gaming doesn't turn you off, DQ fans will be in hog heaven from all the fanservice. If you just want a fun action game with cartoony graphics, this will satisfy on those counts."
,Recommended,410850,35097952,Posted: 20 September,all,Behemoth,"A pretty dang good musou.Probably only really recommended for big DQ fans, though. Lots of great fanservice, some aspects of gameplay are a little lacking. Particularly mission objectives. There is less of a flow to battles than in other games.Really beautiful, though. And the combat is nice and varied between the different characters, who you can switch between at will during fights.Kind of a frustrating waste of potential, in some ways. Hopefully the sequel is better!"
,Recommended,410850,21303033,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,TheLoneEagle,I love this game. Used to play Dragon Quest 9 on the Nintedo DS and when i saw this on steam i had to buy it. Its very different from DS game because you have levels to complete instead of travelling from town to town yourself to complete the story. In this game you complete levels after levels of killing monsters and saveing towns and villages. It brings back loads of memories when the classic tunes play. Recomend this to anyone who has played any of the other Dragon Quest games!
76561197969395791,Recommended,410850,30163653,Posted: 25 February,all,GetUser,"I think that most of people who let comment, doesn't really understand what is a ""musou"". But anyway, Dragon Quest Heroes is a good one, really appriciate it. the gameplay is really nervous, and much more deeper than we can thought at the very beggining. You will also have the pelasur to meet some historical character from the orginial serie's game.So yes, be advice, this game is not for everyone, but if you like Dragon Quest, and musou, so you can just buy it, and have fun."
,Recommended,410850,24397799,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Huxplosion,"This game is an excellent way to release tension! The fairly easy to pick up hack and slash fighting mechanics are expanded upon enough to keep battles interesting, and as you progress you will need to think much more carefully.I love this iconic franchise and the art/design and music are excellent as I would expect.The only downside is that the stages are a little repetitive, with about 4 different types of battle, but the settings and monsters and bosses mean I don't get bored. It also has a good story, and an epic feel to it like all good RPGs should have!All in all, its a fun game and I am very happy to be able to play a DQ game on PC!!"
76561198065867568,Recommended,410850,19489806,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TheKrueger,"I just wanna thanks Square Enix for porting this amazing game for PC. I've played on my friend PS4 and I was like: ""Man I wish I had an PS4"". Then Square Enix announce the port. I'm so happy playing this game. Thanks again Square Enix to port this game to PC."
76561198005138701,Recommended,410850,19513439,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,I3ender,"Best. Musou. Ever made.I really love that king of gameplay. *How to play and enjoy this game :1) Turn your brain off2) Kill enemies3) And again4) And again5) And again[...]18563) And again18564) Ow, I played this game for 5 years and 2 months? Well, it was a good marathon :3"
76561197997941900,Recommended,410850,30023036,Posted: 18 February,all,xxx RIP xxx,Was quite hesitant to purchase this initially since i aren't no fan of dynasty warrior type of games....but really enjoy this one. In a way it is like dynasty warriors. Except it plays out much better. Definitely recommended to buy.
76561198041527939,Recommended,410850,30033612,Posted: 19 February,all,dxpiranha18,"This game is awesome. It has a whole lot of things to do and doesn't get boring even on the grinding levels. Its also a very colorful game with absolutely fantastic graphics. No shortage on moves or spells and combos what so ever either. I'm absolutely thrilled that I was able to pick this game up because it actually is fun from the start and if anything, gets better as you progress through it. Square Enix is always making good games and this gaame is a little different from the other Dragon Quest games but in  good way. Always plenty of things ro do in it and its simple enough to pick it up and play, but its really stragetic and has the ability to challenge you alot too. The moves in it are fun to pull off too and not too complicated to pull them off. Great game. :)"
,Recommended,410850,19516771,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,HELLruler,"At first, the game was easy and the story was a bit cliche. But as things happen, you become more fond of the characters, the difficulty goes up, and it shows how great of a game it isThe port is good, I had no trouble running it with max settings and with stable fps. The ally AI is half decent, what is great for a KOEI game (the ally AI does nothing in Warriors games, and here they fight and dodge skills)It's a bit pricey, but worth the journey"
,Recommended,410850,19491088,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lord Salty,Patty Is Immortal 10/10
,Recommended,410850,19487869,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Stephen Paddock,Amazing for dragon quest/hack and slash fans alike. definitely recomend this game it is awesome!
76561198070243442,Recommended,410850,19579473,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,NeonRainbowGhostFox,"Many familiar faces show up in this epic game. Filled to the brim with hours of content. If you love Dagon Quest and aren't playing this game, you're missing out. 9/10 Love it!"
,Recommended,410850,29975903,Posted: 16 February,all,Pixelbuster,"For what it is I love this game, Dragon Quest has always been my favorite series and for the most part the port is good and keeps the same gameplay you expect for a musou game. I do have two minor complains, one is that you can't play on full screen otherwise it will crash the game but it does work with 3rd party software like Borderless Gaming. The second issue is preformance, it stays at a mostly consistant 60FPS but it's hard to maintain it when a lot of stuff is happening on screen. It's not really a dealbreaker and your mileage may vary, for me at least I had to keep pausing and unpausing to get the game running better.I don't see them patching this game any futher sadly so most of my complaints won't be fixed but for now here's my final thoughts. It's a good port of a game that I really enjoyed on PS4 and most of that is retained in the PC port, I'd reccommend it at $20 or less considering the amount of content you're getting."
,Recommended,410850,19549796,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,CooperTeam,"Ever since the Dragon Warrior (Dragon Quest) series first started on the NES, I have been a follower and fan ever since. Starting with the first game where you first rescue the princess from a dragon, only to literally carry her back and then finish the quest by defeating the evil that haunts the land. From them on, the series got better and better.Now, for the first tiem on PC (Outside emulation) comes the epic tale of heroes from the series. a lot of famous characters as well as most common monsters are in the this great game.What's really neat about this game is that, it's no longer a turn based combat system, it's now real time combat. Instead of facing only a few enemies at a time, you now face a whole horde of enemies that vary from slimes to skeletons to drakis to golems, and so on.PROS====1.) Lots of skills to learn and easy to use interface2.) The amount of monsters is great for real time combat3.) Party members to help you (Or you help them) when you are down4.) Lots of weapons and item to find5.) Monster manual when you defeat them6.) Weapons and items manual when you find them7.) Monster pets is a nice touchCONS====1.) I think ""Open World"" would have been a bit more ideal if you are going to do this2.) I do sorta miss the original ""RPG"" element that made this game so famous3.) Since it's not open world, you're forced to do combat in a limited space4.) Long load times between missions and mapsOverall though it's a great game for all ages. Either your a fan or just a new comer, it doesn't matter. It's a fun adventure awaiting those who want to battle hundreds of monsters at one time."
76561198025191011,Recommended,410850,25712916,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kinghappy,"I love Musou games and I love Dragon Quest games, So I absolutly love this game. I hope the main Dragon Quest games and the other spin-offs get released on steam."
,Recommended,410850,19487785,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TOHA HEAVY INDUSTRIES,"The gameplay is engaging and the framerate is rock solid. You can switch between 30 or 60, suiting your preference. Finally, a dual audio release; and it's dragon quest. So you know what you're getting yourself into.Only major point of contention is that there's an odd bug in the game with Nvidia GPU & drivers, where depending on location of a mass of enemies coupled with a special attack, leads to some kind of a collision detection bug which causes the driver itself to crash and the game along with it. So far, has only happend prior to non-lengthy cutscenes. People with AMD GPUs on the other hand are likely freed from this issue, due to the PS4 being an AMD GCN core.The voice work is excellent and overall, is a very engaging and charming JRPG. I haven't progressed more than an hour into the game, but so far I would recommend it. If you have an Nvidia GPU wait until the next driver release and/or until the game fits your discretionary budget for purchase. But, definitely get it."
76561198202569624,Recommended,410850,19476432,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Prince Virginia,so take dynasty warrior yurn all the soldiers into monster quest mobs move all the units from your team and put them on the enemy team now make your theam 3 rpg chacters and throw some amazing graphis in and you have this game and it is amazing
,Recommended,410850,19480730,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tea Time,Found horse dung in a treasure chest.
,Recommended,410850,19475887,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Labrys,"If You like the series I recommend you buying this game, It would help alot."
76561198073112725,Not Recommended,410850,31495070,Posted: 1 May,all,Dbzfan51,"Win10/GTX 780 TI: Random crashes during combat regardless of fullscreen or widowed and on each resolution up to 720p.Fun game and my personally my favorite out of this one, Dynasty Warriors 8 and Hyrule Warriors but the port sucks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198284945707,Recommended,410850,23031645,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Busta,Please get Dragon Quest 8 on steam!
76561197984548831,Not Recommended,410850,20616702,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Wicasawakan,"This is a a huge tower defense game disguised as a RPG. Just about every quest is ""defend a door or root of the tree while waves and waves of enemies attack"". There really isn't any more to the game. It's fun if you love tower defense but if you HATE tower defense, stay away.The amount of points you get to spend in your character skills screen/attributes is so low it's laughable. You'll have to play forever to actually build your team strong enough to take on the waves of bad guys and the strong enemies they throw in will knock out your team fast if you don't use a trainor to buff them up early or spend an incredible amount of time grinding through the same maps over and over.I seemed to level up somewhat easy but the points the game gives you to spend on attributes is miniscule.Again..if you love tower defense, you'll love this. If not..spend your money elsewhere."
,Recommended,410850,20527597,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Shorty,"If you are familiar with the dragon quest games and enjoy dynastay warriors style hack and slash games, this game is worth a buy. Add into the mix all the monsters that you can capture and use to defend strategic points and the great sound track and voice acting and you have a new unique and fun game well worth playing through."
76561198066567925,Recommended,410850,19529740,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,industrialxfish,"Good Game.All controls displayed in controler mode, not keyboard frendly."
76561198150269710,Recommended,410850,19545460,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Darkfish,"great game, well worth the money, the slime edition items are not too brilliant though, as they get outclassed about an hour into the game."
,Recommended,410850,19467833,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Soldy,More ports like this please guys!!!
,Recommended,410850,19487611,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kodakan,"Everyone who expects this to be a classic DQ game should at least try to read the shop page before buying a game.I'm pretty satisfied. It's probably the best PC port Koei did so far. It looks good, has plenty of options (no ingame AA though) and on my system it is running perfectly smooth.Gameplay wise it's really what you'd expect form a Warriors-like type of game. If you think spending 95% of your time slaying through hordes of cute designed monsters is boring, then this just isn't for you.I like it however. Also there's a decent amount of light RPG elements - leveling, skill trees, crafting etc. Nothing really complex but it doesn't have to be for this type of game.I'd recommend it to hardcore DQ-fans, hack'n'slay lovers and people who don't mind shutting their brain down and have some fun in a great looking game."
,Recommended,410850,19471788,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,constructible.truth,"So far so good.  The beginning of the game is pretty linear, but the levels are still fun.  I'm hoping that the game branches out a bit more after the first few stages (fingers crossed)."
,Recommended,410850,19474270,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Garble Master,Lots of fun. The RPG elements work very well with the Musou formula. Also Dragon Quest is great. I'd say it does a fairly god job combining everything together. Wish it had co-op but that could come in the sequel (If it get's ported)The voice acting is good and there is the option to switch to the Japanese if you would prefer. Bosses and stronger enemies can feel like they take a little too long to defeat at times. xbox360/1 controllers work fantastic (very responsive) however I prefer to play it on the Steam Controller.
,Recommended,410850,19477674,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tallcat,Pretty standard Musou affair with the best combat in the genre.Looks and sounds and runs fantastically.
76561197991836169,Recommended,410850,19480197,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Majin Buutrape,The intro music made me feel like a hero.EDIT: This was not meant to be funny. This is exactly how it made me feel.
76561198092179686,Recommended,410850,19481009,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,pkrisnin,Warning this is a simple RPG just to pass the time.  Old style JRPG storyline given new life using current Tech.  I hate 2D JRPG.  A tad expensive but I've only been playing it for 30 min.  I'm loving it so far.
,Recommended,410850,21696989,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,viRo369,"This games is amazing, anyone with the likes for dragon ball & final fantasy looks and the gameplay of the final dynasty warriors games will have a great time playing it. The game has beautiful graphics, nice well implemented JRPG mechanics and it ""repetitive"" it's nothing but grinding for leveling up your characters and use your new abilities earned with skill points."
,Recommended,410850,21348307,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SpedW,the game looks brilliant but i was hoping the resulotion support more than 1920x1080
,Recommended,410850,32842974,Posted: 26 June,all,Sabre,"Just a few more grottos..... Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 5am, 10/10"
,Recommended,410850,30883247,Posted: 1 April,all,-SNiGS- Maverick,"As someone who is waiting/hoping for hyrule warriors to come to the switch, i picked this up on sale and i'm not disappointed. It's pretty fun!"
76561198019303384,Recommended,410850,22064541,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kasc,"The game is good.The port is ok with native controller support, stable 60fps at 1080p and Japanese voices.Very good amount of content, post game challenges. The differents character have each a unique gameplay."
76561198031855489,Recommended,410850,21615636,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,a1gamewiz,"I was quite shocked to find this is basically a tower defense game more so than an RPG. Sure you level up your characters and spend ability points to give them new abilities and improve on them, however most missions give you an objective to guard and you are tasked with protecting it, usually from multiple sides, with the assistance of magic tokens that allow some monsters to fight beside you and your companions.Haven't put that many hours into it yet but I'm already finding it repetitive. Sure each level is different and so far more difficult, however I'm just not as entertained by this game as I was by other Dragon Quest games. I will definitely put more time into it since I spent the money and want to make sure I'm not missing anything but this definitely feels way more casual than I was hoping it would be.It definitely has the same feel as other Dragon Quest games as far as the characters, both allies and enemies go which is a definite plus.This game definitely plays a lot better on a controller than it does with a keyboard and mouse so be aware of that going in. All the controls even show they are mapped out to a controller in the tutorial part which made things interesting until I caved and connected a controller.Also, I'm sure this is listed everywhere else and I just missed it prior to purchase, but if you are running windows 10, expect some issues with getting it running. I had a crash on start up until I figured out I have to run the game in windowed mode with windows 7 compatibility turned on. A look on the forums revealed I am not the only one that is dealing with this.Bottom line: If you're looking for an in depth RPG, you may want to keep looking. If you are looking for something fun and casual, especially if you're a fan of Dragon Quest, this isn't a bad buy."
,Not Recommended,410850,21736855,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cryosphere,"Not worth $60.  Good game, but its a glorified tower defense.   I love the DQ series but I feel this game is worth about $20.  No open world, the maps are small and easy."
76561198040718974,Not Recommended,410850,21613397,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,LeanTofu(danny pinkos),Had to refund the game due to it crashing after the intro cutscene and being unable to actually play the game. My system also meets the reccomended requirements. Don't buy unless you think you can run a poor port.
,Not Recommended,410850,30907214,Posted: 2 April,all,Jazper Evans,"This really is just a so-so port, it is good but only if you don't have W10 or a graphic card from Nvidia, if you have both well, this game simply will crash everytime you go into fullscreen mode, you only can play in windowed mode. The resolution caps in 1360x765, the gameplay support 60 FPS.I really wanted to like this game, but the flaws in the port make the experience a little gruesome, I have played numerous ""Musou"" games, but this one is a little boring.The characters are likeable, from various DQ games, that part is really neat, so the big question: Do I recommend this game? The answer to general public is 'No' this game is made to be appealing to fans of the Dragon Quest franquise, maybe the second entry will ammend some of the flaws of this one, I really hope so. I will keep this game because I am a DQ fan, but it is really underwhelming."
76561197992391646,Not Recommended,410850,19989312,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Tilce,"Massive let down if you are expecting a classic dragonquest game, this is basicaly a beat-em up buttom masher meets a bad pokemon rip off that has nothing to do with the dragonquest RPG's of old.There is also an issue with nvidea videocards and systems on windows 8.1 or 10 where it forces you to run windows 7 compatibility mode which that downscales the already poor graphics even further and on top of that the game is hardlocked to not go past a resolution off 1920x1080 which is quite frankly something that should not even be the case on a PC game but is the case on bad console ports as this one is.To top if off the English voice acting is downright horrible, the accents are some of the worst I've heard in a game and the constant repeating of the same phrase by the protaganist after combat is just downright laughable and infuriating."
,Recommended,410850,19479764,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ziltoid Le Muet,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ycgsQjHs6Mhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0e82FsOqisJ'insisterai simplement sur le portage qui semble tout a fait honorable.2 bémols cependant: pas d'option de reglage sonore (pas trouvé en tout cas)les menus semblent non limités en IPS,  ce qui donne des menus cocassent ou les gelées sautent hyper-vite (voir vidéo ci-dessus). En jeu par contre, tout est fluide, bien que limité a 60 IPS, pour ceux qui ont du 4K a 120 IPS, ça risque de poser problème mais pour la majorité d'ntre nous, 60 IPS en HD ça suffit et il fait bien son boulot.Fils batard entre DQ 8 et Dinasty warriors, ce jeu apporte le cachet visuel qu'il manque aux DW justement. Le style DQ 8 se marie a merveille au Beat 'em all qu'est DW.Ce jeu est un défouloir mignon, efficace et avec un contenu suffisament long que pour vous occuper des heures durant.Si tuer des milliers d ennemis idiots vous ennuie au bout de 5 minutes, n'achetez pas DQH. Si vous voulez une histoire a la DQ 8, n'achetez pas DQH.Si vous adorez Dinasty Wariors et que vous revez qu on y apporte un univers original et des graphismes colorés digne des meilleurs animes, alors achetez le, vous ne le regretterez pas."
76561198235161144,Not Recommended,410850,21860283,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TheMoniker1,"My PC met the recommended requirements, but the game crashed frequently and ran at a very low FPS. Because of that, I would not recommend this game for anyone who doesn't have a good gaming computer-anything less, and the game barely runs."
76561198068986636,Recommended,410850,23699065,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TangoSixtyEight,"Must play for Dragon Quest fansNote: this is not a dynasty warriors game, it a really Dragon Quest game (action RPG game)"
,Not Recommended,410850,19668955,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Zyklon B Happy,"A terrible port for a bad game. I have loved the DQ series for a long time. This re-release almost brought me physical pain. Copy-paste story, bad voice acting, unresponsive controls, glitches and bugs, poor graphics fidelity even on max, annoying cut scenes, 2D characters who i felt no attachment towards, boring character customisation, extremely repeditive gameplay, and incredibly disruptive game mechanics. Square Enix stripped all adventure elements from the game. It is now an on-rails repeditive grind. Gameplay ""innovations"" dumbed down what made the original iterations of the game a classic. Combos are impossible to pull off with mouse and keyboard. The roles of tanks/fighters/mages/healers do not come into play. The AI is downright terrible. They rarely do anything useful, and seem to be very prone to getting caught in massive crowds of enemies and dying. All the tactics and finese of the previous tiles has devolved into Button Mash Simulator 2k15.Huge props to the advertising team. 10/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed over again."
76561198067074084,Recommended,410850,19518846,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Large predatory bird,In my opinion this is the best dragon quest so far this beats every last one of them
76561198040277381,Not Recommended,410850,20261744,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,K.LM,"Being a fan of the Dragon quest series I had hoped that this would live up to its expectation. I was utterly dissapointed, there are a few good points but the bad outwaeighs the good.Summary of good Points.1. No more turn based combat. -It is quite a contreversial change because of the JRPG genre usually focusing heavily on turn based but changing it to action was a good move it brought the game to life.2. Crossover of all the charecters from the entire series. -The charecters from the ninetendo being introduced was exciting exhellerating even seeing some of my favourite charecter bought to 3D is still enjoyable.3. Well done graphics. -Can't say I'm not impressed it is quite a big improvement.Now on to the bad points.1. The combat is repetitive. -Although the change from turn based fighting to action figthing was a good idea, it is not challenging at all. You know a few combo's and you can win the game easily without dying once. There was maybe 3 boss batlles where I had probelms but that turned around quickly  once I started to exploit their weakness. Be prepared for a lot of repetitive button mashing.2. The crossover charecters feel dead. They have almost no emotional input towards the story except towards one of the  two main charecters and some banter but nothing interesting. (and to those who say that this game was made for family my argument is go play rogue galaxy it has is teen rated but my 8 year old cousin is playing that now and he is enjoying the experience.)3. The poorly written story. -This game is too obvious on too many occasions. This story is the WORST in all of the dragon quest series games. You want a more linear, single plotted story line then you'll enjoy this but for people who actually enjoy the stories and takes on RPG's and sometimes different endings, you should stay away from this game you will find this boring very quickly. The charecters are overly positive and caused me to wonder what was going through their minds and then they blurt it out. The progression is stereotypical, as in the bad guy is evil older than 200 years and killed his people for no apperent reason than being evil. The supposed big reveal of the characters is not really a surprise you can see that coming from a lightyear away.4. This game is not difficult. -As i said in point 1 this game is too easy there is no difficulty spike asside from a few varying challenges(3-4 of them) to my experience that is pathetic.5. Linear level design. - Seriously this is a very qeustionable thing there is almost no exploration factor except maybe that you can revisit levels but that is not worth it because of the combat. Some of the previous games were open world you could explore and if you ventured to far your♥♥♥♥♥would get whooped, what happened to that aspect?6. The crafting system. -First off i thought that this would be well done but apparently what you equip makes no difference to your appearence (except the weapons and shields). The alchemy pot has no waiting time that might be a good idea for impatient players but it removes the factor of exploration (refer to point 5). Secondly the drop rate of some of the rare items outnumber the drop rate of the basic items, so youll have all the rare stuf to craft the awesome items but then you need to fo and farm for the basics cause even the rare items need  the basic items (makes no sense and removes any further sense of progression)5/10 Very dissapointing to me is not worth even the name of the excelennt franchise."
76561198039007402,Recommended,410850,21636423,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kyoo,"ignore what the game tells you if you have windows 10 and Nvidia,I know back in the day. this game ran like garbo if you had windows 10 and Nvidia. but that was on old Nvidia drivers. in fact I'm so happy I waited to buy this game so late in it's life since I can play it now with every setting on high and not have to have it in Compability mode.the game runs flawlessly and smooth, the load times are faster than on the PS4, with ever setting on high.my statsGeForce GTX 690intel core i7-3930k CPU@ 3.20 ghz32 gb of ramres: 1920x1080 60hzDriver Version 362.00windows 10 pro 64-bitfor a gaming PC that's pretty low stats,  and I can run everything on high : >my only problem with the game is that it lied at me when I first tried to boot it, and told me I had to have it on compability mode.I know once that was true, but when Nvidia fixed the problem, they should have made an update patch. so people stopped getting informed about things that didn't matter anymore.what do I think of the game, well I only played it for an hour. but I've played other games like this before, I'm glad that they put more RPG elements in this game, that they have alchemy pots and shops, I really enjoy how they use the skill alocation system when leveling up characters after battles.  and I'm a huge DQ fan, so I love everything about it. it starts off almost stupidly easy, but I take the intro as a tut. if it doesn't get any harder I'll have a gripe with it. but as for now. it's a good game."
,Not Recommended,410850,33651907,Posted: 19 July,all,palex00,It's fun however it's crashing a lot. You can't tab out when you're loading sth.
,Not Recommended,410850,19732263,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Swapper,"I came into this game extremely hyped, having waited on the edge of my seat for it for a long time. When I found out it was coming out on PC as well as PS4, my excitement was absolutely piqued.Unfortunately, things didn't go as expected. Dragon Quest Heroes' port to PC is so awfully optimized, it won't work on most PCs. Make sure you take MAJOR preparations to be absolutely sure your PC can run it, because odds are, it'll end up crashing every 5 minutes.What I can say is that the small amount of the actual game that I played was a load of fun, and I would really love to be able to play more of it.I just wish the port had a bit more time put into it. Would I recommend DQH to people that CAN run it? Definitely. Would I recommend it to the general majority? Not so much.Buy at your own peril."
,Recommended,410850,19478631,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BreakThrough,"Alight 11/10 for becoming a Super Saiyan! (without the Blonde hair)Does no one us an xbox one controller? and just look at the keys for the key board i played with the key board for a bit but it yerns me to say that.. it seems asif they took it off the console and threw it on the keyboard.. but then again with all the clicking u do this might save your mouse, thats how i see itFps does Drop but rarly below 50 at highest setting so im satisfiedI really love RPGs with good combat systems Like Tales of Zestira in October, but this is much differentI was never the bigest fan of Blue Dragon animation style but this pulls it off about %75 with that said it does bring back memories itsIts fast pace take out as much as u can as quickly as you can not much room for cunning stratagies."
,Recommended,410850,19465733,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Vishwar,"Great musou (think Dynasty, or Hyrule, Warriors) type game with classic Dragon Quest RPG elements thrown in the mix. Main quest runs about 20 - 25 hours to complete if you run straight through with no distractions. However, with the wealth of side quests on offer I can see 80 - 100 hours for that platinum achievement.This has been my first review. Thanks for reading it!-Vishwar"
,Not Recommended,410850,21183460,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SYRIABUISNESMAN CAL 0800 9909879,"2/10I would rate higher, if it didn't constantly crash.I can hardly complete any of it.The story is great and graphics are okay.But the crashing stops me from playing the entire game."
76561198072559900,Not Recommended,410850,21157321,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,lastpowerup,Crashes all the time for no reason
76561198008903786,Not Recommended,410850,34022231,Posted: 4 August,all,Gottkaiser,Pretty boring. I actually like Musou games and I like the Dragon Quest RPGs. But this is just no fun. Grinding and leveling is a pain and the maps are boring and repetitive. There arent really any missions and events happening on the Maps.
76561198030888716,Not Recommended,410850,21829313,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Ultima75,Want to like game but keyboard + mouse is kind of meh.  Can't get the guy to move with brand new freakin steam controller using recommended settings = FAIL.  This game is action.  Can't write favorably till those issues are fixed.
,Recommended,410850,19472368,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,mizuirome,"A beautiful action JRPG with characters design by Akira Toriyama, am I dreaming?No, I am not, it's Dragon Quest Heroes and it's here for everyone.Really nice graphics, music and story (so far...) and last but not least I really love the Japanese voices too :)I'm really glad to be able to play this high quality RPG on PC.After a few days playing it I'm updating the review.The characters are funny and the original voices are really good.Playing at 1080p with i5-2500K - 16GB RAM - GTX770 2GB - Windows 10 Pro 64 Bit"
,Recommended,410850,19466974,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"Mini Review:The gameplay is pretty good, but it's really designed for the Dynasty Warrior crowd (Which I'm not too big into) but the Dragon Quest charm does come through in the mission layouts. It's more of a arena styled game were you fight off waves of monsters rather than your typical ""Go to point A and Defend it"" scenario we've seen a thousand times in Koei Tecmo games.BUT, I have to say if you're running Windows 10/8.1 you might need to play the game in Windows mode or Windows 7 Compatiblity mode because the game has some optimization issues. The game does also suffer from the occational FPS drop but it maintains a stable 60 fps on my machine most of the time.Bugs in the game are pretty big, but nothing game breaking. I've came across a bug that wouldn't let me leave the game, so I had to bring up the command menu in Windows and suddenly the game gave me back full control.So far, it's a decent port but I would only recommend this for die-hard Dragon Quest fans or Dynasty Warrior fans."
,Recommended,410850,19468930,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,XADaemonic,"After spending all day downloading this (silly internet), I finally got to play it and it was fabulous. I like action games, I like RPGs and dragon quest and this combos the two.  Just seeing DQ characters in actiony 3D was worth it, but Aurora is great with her shut up and smack things attitude.I get a little screen tearing using an NVidia GT640, but I also prefer running games in window at 1600x900. Full screen seems fine.Best part: I was going to eventually get a ps4 to play this, but it releasing on PC is super awesome.Note: do not use this game to judge the DQ series. Those are mostly turnbased RPGS and not action hack and slash."
,Not Recommended,410850,21782496,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Osgux,It does not work in win 10 problem with nvidia :(
,Recommended,410850,26408957,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,curly_nuts,"This is the first DQ game ever on PC so just for that reason, it's special. But even better is that this game is really good.First, the game runs absolutely find on my Windows 7 PC. I have a pretty good graphics card and had zero problems. The frame rate is a solid and constant 60 FPS at 1080 resolution. There are a good number of graphical options to play around with. I think, however, this game doesn't play well with Windows 10. You might want to check that before buying.As to the game play: this game is action oriented and has to and your team of heroes fighting hoards, and I mean hoards, of monsters. The objectives vary from level to level and things culminate into a boss fight every so often. The action is never boring and it's always fun dispatching classic Dragon Quest monsters while defending objectives or fighting a huge ground war. One amazing thing about the action is there's never any slow down or stutter, even when hundreds of enemies populate the level around you.On the down side, the levels tend to be very bland and uninteresting. Although there's plenty of space to move around and different places you can fight enemies, there's not much to do other than to fight hordes of enemies.There's a hidden treasure chest thrown in here and there, but that's about it.What makes DQ Heroes really great is that it goes well beyond fighting monsters. There's actually a pretty deep RPG system in place. It includes a leveling system, shops, equipment, distribution of points to get skills and stats, crafting, and more. As you progress, the game opens up more things for you to do and more characters to play as. Also, there are things to collect and encyclopedia entries to complete, so there's a lot of game here to keep you occupied.This is a very good game and is a worthy purchase for any Dragon Quest fan."
,Not Recommended,410850,21670670,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Squirrll,I really can't judge this game based on its gameplay becuase every time I tried to run it it would crash.  Even when I eventually got the game to run it crashed when I did the unthinkable act of trying to run it in full screen.  There were also some other issues such as freezing and cut scenes freezing that just worsened the experience.  Over all if you want this game don't get it on pc.
76561198131177308,Not Recommended,410850,21724310,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,humansgod,"Not good. Not good. Not good. Not good. This sucks too much. Why?. Well let's get started. First there are no cities to visit and see ppl and buy stuff, no you won't see that. There is only that one boring place that you get back to everytime '' the flying ship''. If you go to cities you will just meet hordes of stubid monsters that will spawn 4 ever if you don't leave. Oh my god. Ok I said to myselfe k, at least I'll tame my own monsters and level them up and stuff, but no no that didn't happen. Well how do you summon monsters you say. You pick coins on the gtound and summon them for that battle only. They don't even follow you they just stay at the same place you put them at. Why am I so disappointed. Because I played Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King on PS2. Which just spits on this game.That game was a good dragon quest game. I spen 3 months playing that game and oh boy it deserves every cent I paid for it. I hoped this game will be ''similar'' to it. But I just realized that I bought Samuray Warriors or Dynasty Warriors. Just meeting hordes of monsters and slashing and going back to the same boring base. Why not make a game like Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King for the PC? Why not?"
,Recommended,410850,19469814,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mr. Saturn,"Great port, but requires a really powerful machine (as of release date, anyway). At minimum specs, you're not gonna get a great visual."
76561198072392257,Recommended,410850,19552776,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,zeroanonomy,"It seems like a great game if your into quick hack and slash games, I on the other hand do not. I was hoping that this game was a open world exploration and turn by turn base game like how it used to be. The game feels too quick and go type of game and offers no real fantasy immersion. The dialouges are halfed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and even in japanese its hard to get into the story line. I feel the whole trying to add text reading retro worked against this game. For a game that is this big of a size, it is really disapointing. Maybe you may like it but honestly they took the RPG out of this classic game and made it the legend of zelda + dynasty warriors."
76561198155158779,Recommended,410850,32963154,Posted: 28 June,all,TG.HOMIE,Love Akira Toriyama design as usual but this game is lacking and wooden hard to continue at this point...
76561198032865919,Recommended,410850,19469388,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Maruzana,"Solid and generally OK PC Port from Koei Tecmo (which is very very very suprising.)I wish they have made separate subtitle for Japanese dubbing though, even with my knowledge in Japanese (which isn't very much) using same subtitle for english dubbing is puts damper on things.Other than that skip this game if you are not a fan of dynasty warrior series, if you are a fan of DW series you will find more of same with many (or some) deviations from established DW game mechanics."
76561198045776524,Recommended,410850,19470990,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bone,A very interesting twist from a Dynasty warrior game and a rpg mixed together! I love it!
,Recommended,410850,19469165,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Iclucian Dance,"Koei Tecmo finally got a game with 1080p 60fps, it's a start on something great. Next step is supporting newer resolutions (like 21:9 PLS)Charming hack and slash with a cartoon aesthetic, and since it's Toriyama behind the character designs, ofc you can go Super Saiyan. Very polished, all the voiced cutscenes are perfectly lip-synced to the JP audio. Anti-aliasing needs some work, there are jagged edges.Would be cool if there were borderless windowed mode on this. Also load times are kinda long, but that's about it. I bought this for the voice cast... like i always do AMIRITE"
,Recommended,410850,19471415,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,REDDAY,JRPG systems + Good Story + Good port form console + Musou action = This game
,Recommended,410850,30643780,Posted: 20 March,all,sonyguy,its pretty good worth. only worth buying if its on sale tho
,Recommended,410850,19519086,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BOT Paul,"9hr of playing revieweverything look goodno prob with my graphicmy rigs: i3-2120 @3.3ghz, 8gb ram, gtx 750ti, win8.1setting set to high, 1920x1080, and no win 7 compatibilty mode"
76561198194947694,Not Recommended,410850,21986085,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,darthbrookx,worst boss mechanics known to man even with proper gearing to fight bosses they are a complete joke. really really poor design. Really takes the fun out of the game with junk like this.  They really missed the mark on this one.
76561198068985013,Recommended,410850,19515270,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Japan_YKS,"The system collapsed soon after entering in battle mode in the game quest. Graphic board is GTX 970M. This game has some technical issues still out there. Since, its systematical instability sustains some players from enjoying this game perfectly.  Are these issue recognized by administrators and can be fixed immediately?"
,Recommended,410850,21696855,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,kburns10,"As someone who only has an Xbox One, PC has become a bridge between Xbox and PS4 games. This is a game that without a PC, I wouldn't be able to play. If you enjoy Dynasty Warrior type games, this is right up your alley! It even mixes in some tower defense like elements to keep things interesting. I've never played a Dragon Quest game outside of this, but have always wanted to. I found the story easy to follow and the characters enjoyable. It even has English and Japanese voice options depending on your preference (usually Japanese is the way to go in games like this, but I can't be bothered to read subtitles while in the heat of the battle).Overall I feel this game was worth it. At $60, it might be a bit steep. But when it's on sale again, definitely pick it up!"
,Recommended,410850,22016142,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Omar,Not a bad game can get bit grindy. I got bored after 18 hours.
,Recommended,410850,21616902,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Magical Tulip Princess,"2.3 Hours aint true. I spent most my time playing this offline on another computer.Now for the review.Holy crap this game is great, no issues, no crashes, great voice acting, great cast, Kiryl and its just so Dragon Quest.I hope this game brings more Dragon Quest to the west."
,Recommended,410850,22180222,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Done Doggo,"This game is fun, it does what it's supposed to, and the crashing for me was nonexistant.On a note, I'd also just like to copy paste what I said on someone elses review here, as it applies to a lot of people.I'm running on windows 10, and haven't had a single crash, bug, or error minus the forced compatibility mode. It's just a matter of how it reacts with your specific situation. It's also not a poor port, but you fail to realize that instead of designing a game for a restricted enviroment like console, where the variable are set, it's running on a highly unpredictable entirely customizable coctail of random background processes and porno viruses. Stop blaming the developers for not being able to predict how the game reacts in every situation with every program ever, I mean honestlyGet the game, if you can run it, fine. If you can't start it, refund it and get it again later after patching.This game is not just a simple port, just because this game came out on console as well does NOT make it a port. The game was worked on and released for console and pc, and even had work done on the game specifically to 100% support the new steam controller specifically to enhance the PC and steam experience. I have full functionately with my controller, and the buttons match perfectly, even allerting me of the bottom button controls, under the controller. It's a great game that steals many hours, and has a steady progression pool. I reccomend it to anyone who enjoy dungeon defenders, or any smash em up monster games."
,Recommended,410850,20530631,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,salomão,good game
,Recommended,410850,22379966,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,darkjay,a really fun game a it different to other dragon quest games but is very challenging and addictve
,Recommended,410850,21619645,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TheOmegaOne,"By Far one of the best games on Steam right now. Especially considering how many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ open world RPG's have come out in the last year, and how many Early Release games have been abandoned by their developers. SHAME ON YOU GUYS. Thank you, Square Enix for not abandoning your North American fans, and releasing this game on PC. It's worth it! :)"
,Recommended,410850,35143524,Posted: 22 September,all,squall_seiferdude,I recommend only because I'm a long time DQ fan... but it's just meh.  Lots of grinding and first person combat.  I miss the turn based DQ in the past.  DQ8 was the last good game in this series.
,Recommended,410850,23335593,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Gregoerbrudy,"Dragon Quest Heroes is the Dragon Quest Game Ive Been Waiting For. I always go into the DQ games thinking they are overwhelming. This game is like a breath of fresh air. Im not a huge koei kill 500000 enemies on screen kind of guy. This game has just the right amount of RPG elements, and the right amount of Dragon Quest Goodness. The branching leveling system is easy to use and fun to level to. The story can at times be a little lacking, but its hitting just the right spots for all my gaming needs. **As long as you are using a controller for this game**  You should be set for a grand adventure with returning characters from across the Dragon Quest Universe. Square said if we support this on steam more Dragon Quest games will be released on here. It worked for Final Fantasy, so lets push for Dragon Quest!! Really dont even think about it, just buy this gem and enjoy a really fun beat em up RPG!"
76561198181067503,Not Recommended,410850,21020414,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,georgemmark,"20h into the game running on windows 10 Pro and so far I never faced any crash issues with this game (have switched on the compatibility mode using the game settings).FYI this is not turn based story driven RPG, it's a game akin to Dynasty Warriors or Hyrule Warriors (all three games were developed by the same company, KOEI Temco).So if you're looking for gameplay like in the main Dragon Quest series you're in for a disappointment.Yes the gameplay is one big button mashing exercise repetitive and sometimes tedious, but this being a Dynasty Warriors clone this is to be expected.There are some elements that are a bit frustrating such as the AI (both enemy and party) who seem to be sitting there just waiting get hit.The story is the usual light vs dark struggle, tripe that Japan seems to love repackaging into every game.It's a good game if you want to kill some time mindlessly pushing buttons.... but for the life of me I cannot say there is much replay value here."
76561198050601895,Recommended,410850,19464031,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,EerlijkeDame,"It's like Dynasty Warriors, but with an RPG element. And your favourite Dragon Quest characters!Slime weapons haven't been added yet, that's a bummer...Playing with a PS4 controller works perfectly :)"
,Recommended,410850,19465809,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bill_Chandler,Amazing game despite not having played it for long.The one complaint I do have is that half my in game time has been sitting staring at loading screens and that's using an SSD. It's a pain but I guess I'll have to deal with it.Loving the English voiceovers
,Recommended,410850,19464245,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Recodare,"My first impression for this game is ""Dragon Quest Musou""Story quite boring compared with other DQ series.Less Original Charater and Main male character very annoying when he talk about his strategy..Gameplay feels like Musou series with fantasy element and boss fight like Monhun easy version.Maybe because I didn't play long enough but I didn't think there're something epic in this game.As Dragon Quest fan I recommended this game but not for full price..."
76561198016077926,Recommended,410850,19475192,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Vashe[PS4N : vashe9],"Edit :I changed my review, game is playable in 900p.Game is fun and full of fanservice. I'm only at the beginning, it feels like a ""lightearted"" musou. I'll add more later.Port wise :Unfortunately, the game requires a lot of Vram, my gc (760 gtx) only got 2gb but memory usage is like 1800-1900+mb in game.I cant get stable fps in 1080p even with everything at low.I managed to get 60 stable (mostly) fps even during battle by setting 1600*900 resolution and setting some settings to low. It's a musou so it's bearable after all, way better than having 40~ fps with a lot of mobs.td;lr, a fun musou but beware of vram usage, 3gb+ v ram and gtx 770+ recommended.My specs : 760 gtx OC, i2500k@4ghz (doesnt bottleneck, I've checked usage and it's never above 75%), win 10 64 bits, 8gb ram"
,Recommended,410850,19465633,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,shattering244,Dynasty Warriors: Dragon Quest Edition in 60 fps goodness!And always remember that the voice acting for the Heroine in the Japanese version was done by the beautiful Kiritani Mirei (桐谷美玲)
76561198168892992,Not Recommended,410850,21272435,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,davhui,"I just cannot play this game. It never start and even thought you see the icon of the programme show up under the task bar, it will disappear in 1 second. What can I do to make it work? Can I sell it back to Steam?"
,Not Recommended,410850,20405125,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ryan,Help i downloaded this and it just frezeez straight i need help
76561198065671461,Recommended,410850,19464625,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Latahzan,A very good port. Run smoothly. The game feels different than usual Dynasty Warriors games which is good in my book.
,Recommended,410850,30853538,Posted: 31 March,all,Kennock,"For all the guys out there searching a Dragon Quest XI or a Dragon Quest Monster: Joker 3, this won't be the Game you're looking for, but if you are someone, who just loves every Dragon Quest and loves Hack and slash games, just buy it.In my opinion it isn't a game for someone who is looking for a dynasty warriors too, because you're just like allways defending ****, and that's not, why I absolutely love this game. I love this Game becaus it's a Dragon Quest and I love Dragon Quest.My Conclusion: It looks nice and it's a Dragon Quest, but the Gameplay Isn't the best, so just buy it, if you love Dragon Quest"
76561198079725226,Recommended,410850,19469020,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,⚑BannerMan⚑,Having played Dragon Quest 9 for roughly 500 hours of my childhood I feel I am a bit biased but oh my god this game is awesome.  It is all around a solid game and I look forward to playing it for a very long time.  If you like Dragon Quest get this now.  I also want to add that  the sound effects and music make this game 10000% better.
,Recommended,410850,19468029,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Hidnreaper07,"I love what they did with this game. They took dynasty warriors and combined it with Dragon Quest. That was a pretty good idea. The game is very fun. It is not turn based like the other Dragon Quest games and it is hack and slash. The steam controller is already setup to work well with this game. The only problem that I thought was tedious was the camera angle for some of the fights. I could not turn the camera around sometimes when I wanted to face forward with the steam controller. This is after you get more companions to help you fight. I am sure the developers can fix this issue. Nevertheless, I think this game may hit big for game of the year. Thank you,  KOEI TECMO GAMES CO., LTD. and SQUARE ENIX for bringing back this series."
,Not Recommended,410850,21747367,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Vermilion Wlad,- No 2560x1440 Resolution- Input buttons are all for an Xbox controller- Random slowdown- Terribly unfitting English voices
,Recommended,410850,23495365,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ikey1555,"Never really played dragon quest games.But I love hack and slash .,  <3 it is done very . Akira Toriyama art looks amazing ."
76561198146522541,Recommended,410850,24682683,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,khermerker,what to say...game is fun at start....but later will become too hard...ai of allies are trash...opponent intelligent ...so you have to select each caracter for do anything. Have good graphics and well ost is same as other dragon quest games so if you like dragon quest heroes and like hack an slash game this is for you...if you like hack an slash game...better select other games.
76561197968254063,Not Recommended,410850,29992690,Posted: 17 February,all,bean,"The load times even with a solid-state drive are ridiculously long which makes me think they kept settings from consoles that have bad hard drives instead of modifying it for PC. Also, you aren't able to click though character dialogue text or at least I was not able to find this option when looking through settings. These things are easy fixes and a coder could fix them in a day if they'd bother to support their game on PC, but the game has been out over a year and they haven't fixed it yet, so I think they never will.Having said that, if you are a fan of the DQ series and Dynasty Warriors, you will probably find enough to like here to overlook these things. I enjoyed the nostalgia in the sound effects and monster design, but couldn't get past the load times and not being able to speed up or skip the dialogue; the game had me waiting to play as often as I got to play too as the levels were ridiculously small. Even just loading the tiny camp between levels where you level up took forever."
76561198010420581,Recommended,410850,19464464,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gunnar,"Amazing port overall, KT finally delivered a good dx11/ps4 port, bite me!Although i think square had a hand in it lolBut overall great port, enjoyable game and fun!but i have a pro, it does not have any AA option, had to force FXAA on nvidia control panel XD"
76561198344766231,Recommended,410850,30052992,Posted: 20 February,all,Taurosss,GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,410850,24139792,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Let's Plan a Meth Party,"Won't open in Fullscreen mode at all, and I haven't even been able to get Borderless Gaming to work with it. Tried a million different things, nothing would work and that's a dealbreaker for me.  I'd refund it if I didn't buy it longer than two weeks ago."
76561198064237660,Recommended,410850,19468452,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Milfimus Maximus,It's P.good.
76561198165778106,Recommended,410850,23248483,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Kangtaw,"This game will only be awesome if you are a Dragon Quest fan like I am. I like this game so much. It feels so much like Dynasty Warrior, with extra RPG and Dragon Quest touch. It's really fun to play"
,Recommended,410850,30344072,Posted: 5 March,all,eulbobo,"Really fun to play, event when having some repetitive tasks to do.The beginning of the game is quite easy, but difficulty rises at the end of the game with challenges that are REALLY tough to beat.Not a lot of people beat the game completly, and it's no wonder : what is easy becomes hell at the end"
,Recommended,410850,30843032,Posted: 30 March,all,Kelanor,"Awesome game, dragon quest meets dynasty warriors."
76561198042511625,Recommended,410850,23408393,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,barak_iji,"OK, so, this is NOT a deep moody RPG like Dark Souls, this is a hack and slash with rpg-like elements. Its major strength is that it looks pretty, and it is supposed to! If you are a fan of the Dragon Quest >>>Art style<<< and monster design, you will enjoy it. It is a game that you can play for FUN without having to thing too much about tactics or strategies, its pretty straight forward and simple. It looks nice, this is what you are paying for. Games that are deep and complex are already out there, this is for some simple and direct fun. It really helps to have a decent graphics card. Controller support is present and personally I enjoy the voice acting with the different accents. This one is for fans.tl dr; pretty looking hack and slash. If this is what you want, you got it."
,Recommended,410850,23342438,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,EZ GAME,why the game can't run? when loading it is stuck
,Recommended,410850,34252285,Posted: 15 August,all,KaioF,Good game!!
,Recommended,410850,22117494,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,shikkadance,Please get Dragon Quest 8 on steam!
,Not Recommended,410850,28962338,Posted: 2 January,all,Demon Blueberry,"The game has more than just a few problems beyond the actual game:FOR GODS SAKE, FIX THE RESOLUTION PROBLEM - ITS BEEN A YEARYou have to play the game in windowed mode, so it only covers about 1/4 of your screen, and no, you cant change your computer resolution to match it. It goes to a compleatly black screen the first time you load it up, and you have to put a ""Windows 7 particle modifier to fix stuff"" that doesnt do sh*t as far as I know, and lower the resolution to 1/4 of your screen res, and in some case remove the cutscenes (I didnt have the last problem, so Im not sure how that goes, but Ive read about it)MODIFY THE GAME A LITTLE SO THAT ITS ACTUALLY A PC GAME.""Press A to continue""*Presses A**Character goes left*""Well sh*t""But seriously, I dont know what I binded to R2, & other games tell me what I binded, so why can't you? And no, I dont want to use a controller. Why am I paying 30$ (I think [I bought it on discount too, so it might have been closer to 20]) for the same quality that an emulator can give me.Overall, not happy. A few small fixes could've saved you guys this review."
,Recommended,410850,19464083,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sunewk,"This is my first game from the DQ series.So far it's pretty good, I'm playing it with a steam controller and it runs pretty smoothly.I don't know why the Slime DLC haven't been added yet.I'm currently 88 mins. into this game and it's pretty good so far, I'm not that familliar with the RPG 3rd person genre.The constant switching between talking and dialogue made me cringe a little but not enough to make me quit the game.I'm still debating whether or not to refund the game, since I don't know the length and I haven't encountered any critical bugs yet, so I'm pretty conflicted since I don't like to waste my time nor my money.So far I think it's a keeper though, I'll wait until they add the DLC into the game and then reevaluate."
76561198042088602,Not Recommended,410850,22316788,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,FinalCrosMayCry,"I love this game, and I want to love it on Steam. But the crashes are growing more and more constant, that it's impossible to play anymore. They started appearing just before a certain spoiler moment in the game. Back then I could go on stages and fight till I was content. Now I have to rush each stage just so I can move onto the next frigging level before crash, and even that doesn't work.In short, buy the console version because PC the steam version is just screwed up with all these constant crashes. I didn't want to write this review, but when I spend over $40 on this, I expect to be able to finish the goddamn game."
76561198173212798,Not Recommended,410850,30596735,Posted: 18 March,all,GodofAcid,"I'm conflicted by this game. I really do want to like it more than I do. It's a good ""Thumbs in the middle"" type of game, but if I had to choose a side, I'd lean towards Thumbs Down.The gameplay is fun enough, but it's also the main hangup of the game. The main game is just too easy. There are only a couple of battles that are the least bit tricky. Most of the game is easily cleared with a mindless hack and slash style and no need for strategy. If that's too tough for you, just about every character gets an AOE skill or two that can pretty much vacuum up all the enemies in front of them and spit them out on the ground so they're harmless and defenseless against a rinse and repeat of the same tactic. Bosses seem to offer little challenge, most can be dispatched with button mashing, a few require you to use a tailored strategy to beat them, but even this is overly simplistic. You basically need to do one thing aside from the usual mindless hack and slash to take them down, and they offer no real resistance. The post-game ramps up the challenge, but I really didn't enjoy the experience of feeling like I was playing two games here, one for the younger crowd and one for the older crowd.The other complaint I have is with the shallow story. It feels like it was crafted for the instant gratificaton crowd, and I hate that. There are basically two things going on; Gathering your party members, and progressing through the storyline. They go hand in hand. The catch is that once you finish the former, you're also right at the end point of the game. Then, right to the post-game, which is just a mish mash of added quests and time rushes on boss fights to unlock their veteran form. I felt extremely disappointed when I realized I was at the end of the game, with no time to really try out the new characters in my party. It felt like I should have been halfway through, or at best 75%.Again, it feels like a game that could have been so much better, but was rushed. Add to this things like the in-game achievements, most of which are just things you accomplish in the course of the game anyway (there's even one for each boss you kill along the way, and of course you get rewards for these ""participation trophy"" achievements), and you have a game that isn't going to appeal to most of the lifelong Dragon Quest fans who are used to an enriching storyline that could keep you hooked for days on end."
,Not Recommended,410850,21219209,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kalakk,"BORING LIKE HELL....It wouldn't be so bad if there was anything even tactical or challenging about Dragon Quest Heroes, but there isn't. You're told to attack weak points, but you just end up hammering attack. An enemy is stronger than the others, but you just end up hammering attack. You go on a treasure hunt, but you just end up hammering attack. It's a fast track to a waking coma."
76561198065333121,Not Recommended,410850,19987275,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,jk206,A very poor purchase decision.
76561198000631364,Recommended,410850,19468890,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SteelLink HighBlade,this is a fun game but it needs updates just i was wanted to play this so much but it seems like the requirements are too high
76561198054530417,Not Recommended,410850,19479212,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TheBoot >:o,"The Good:The graphics are great, the voice acting is passable, and it's nice to see an old franchise trying something new!The Bad:Wow, where do I start?First, it's barely ported to the PC, which can be a royal pain.  If a company can't even be bothered to make the button prompts for a PC appear as something other than X-Box controller prompts, then they really shouldn't be allowed to call it a 'port'.  I know it's a little nitpicking, but the only place to see what button controls what is through the main menu that you have to exit the game to find.  And then it only tells you things like 'Jump - Space'.  Which is fine, right?  Because you know that you need to press Space to jump.  But run up to a treasure chest and it says 'Press A'.  Well... which button is 'A'!?  Turns out its your jump button.  There is a SECOND key binding menu, this one only accessible WHILE PLAYING the game (that is, not at the title screen) that tells you 'A - Spacebar' and such.  But doesn't tell you that Space Bar is your jump button.  So if you didn't bother to read the menu keybindings before playing the game, then you get the privelege of hitting every button on your keyboard and mouse until you figure out what they all do.  And good luck if they tell you to hit 'X' or 'RT' or some nonsense during actual gameplay.Seriously, KOEI, Square, how hard is it to do a proper port?  All that would need changing are some graphical icons inside the game.Now we get to the gameplay.  If you had watched the trailer, you might have been seriously mislead into believing you were buying a free-roaming adventure game, possibly FF XIII-like in combat, I hear it compared to 'Dynasty Warriors' a lot, or any number of open-world hack n' slash games.  Not true!You will have been duped into buying a Tower Defense game.If that's your thing, then this isn't a con by any means.  You can revisit maps later and just fight wave after wave after wave of endlessly-spawning monsters, but 'run up to monsters and smash or hold X' isn't what I would call the height of entertainment.  But pretty much all of the 'story missions' break down to 'fight boss', 'clear enemies', or 'defend location'.  They even use a monster-spawn mechanic so you can set up gaurdians along the routes the monsters will take to the objective you have to defend.  Don't be fooled.  This IS a Tower Defense game, not Dynasty Warriors.The DLC they promise you makes it sound like they're going to give you some weapons and maps.  They are not.  That Digital Slime Edition they put out as bait just means these items are added to all the other items in the game you have to find and obtain.  Okay, it's not bad that they added some new items, but I would barely call some reskinned weapons inserted into the game a free DLC.Overall, this game seems horribly simplified, misrepresented, rushed to PC, and generally not meant for anyone over the age of 10.Oh... and Healix.  STFU Healix.  Forever.kthnx"
,Recommended,410850,19465056,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,[aLEEK] Charocles,ː8bitheartː slime/10  ː8bitheartː
76561198046868474,Recommended,410850,29619326,Posted: 31 January,all,devo342,other then the defnse stuff its pretty good
76561198028406937,Not Recommended,410850,30594331,Posted: 18 March,all,trueanimehero,"I love the idea of what they are going for and much of the game up to the ending chapter is really great.  But they really forgot to balance out the monsters hit points, your forces, and your stats.  Often, it feels like I'm swinging my sword making no effect at all.  This left me bored and uninterested as the game got to it's climax.  I really do love the idea they are going for but it is poorly executed."
,Not Recommended,410850,21670505,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mudslime Slayer,Cool I spent 40 ♥♥♥♥ing bucks on a ♥♥♥♥ing game I can't even play without it white screening me every ♥♥♥♥ing time. What do I get when I ask for help? Nothing because no one ever ♥♥♥♥ing responds thanks
,Recommended,410850,30916030,Posted: 2 April,all,Andyman99999,Doesn't work with on windows 10 home/64 bit/ nvidia geforce gtx 1070/i7 4790k with 16 gigs of ram in fullscreen mode on a 2160p tv as of 4/3/2017. I know the menu and everything loaded in window mode @ 1920 by 1080 in windowed mode.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Partially fixed some problems:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=898446298
76561198184206618,Not Recommended,410850,19836401,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,happymiow88,i can't login with my windows 10 pls some one pm me
76561198013508721,Not Recommended,410850,24541043,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,provokastoras,The game has really nice grafics and nicely drawn heroes unfortunately I have to give it a thumbs down since it did not manage to make me play it through it.Possitives:= Fast real time battles angainst hosts of opponets=Number of characters all with unique fighting styles= nicely drawn monsters and characters= Rpg customization of characters= diferent weapons for each protagonist= Limited environment interactionnegatives= No real depth to any of the protagonists... they act erratic and megalomanic in many cases monomanic... which was eventually the reason I could not continue the game.= combat up to the point I played was way too easy- quests are repeatative and set for griding which can be tiring if you are not up for that- limitated options for exploration as interaction with the map happens through instances- Linear story line with limited interactions between the characters. You can choose to talk to the other members of the party to hear their 1 liner before a new fight and choose 3 more to fight with you and that is the full extent of interaction with the npcs.
,Recommended,410850,33048797,Posted: 30 June,all,salxicha,To be updatedhttps://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Dragon_Quest_Heroeshttp://forums.guru3d.com/showpost.php?p=5379433&postcount=3658
,Recommended,410850,27680683,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"ok well lately i've been smoking a little bit of crack, not too much just once in a while, well i did some tonight. and i took some big hits i got real ****ed. all was good, 10 mins after i was sober again, and about half an hour later i left my buddys house and went to pick up my gf from work. well while i was driving there i was feeling my rapid heart and it was pretty crazy. well while i was waiting for her i went to feel my heart again and it was goin like super effin slow i was like wtf and then i started worryin and i got all light headed and dizzy i got out of my car stood up and everything was racing. it was pretty scary i thought i was goin to die, and my gf and family would find out about my evil dark secrets. well yea i decided im gonna quit all this **** now (im not addicted or anything i just do it from time to time) i hope i wake up in the morning."
76561198118223583,Not Recommended,410850,21914800,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,GaitsuLore,"If you are using a PS3 controller, and have it working for EVERY OTHER game that supports controllers, then you'll be smacked in the face to find out that, for some reason, your controller will not register with this game. Don't bother buying this game, because you need to use your money to buy an xbox 360 or xbox one controller, just so the game will register that you even have a controller.Very dissapointed, feel like I was robbed."
,Not Recommended,410850,32984632,Posted: 29 June,all,Chibz 🐾,"I wanted to like it. I really wanted to.It looked all promising at first and all, the Characters are decent, the Gameplay is okish - even tho a bit boring. But just killing Hordes of Monsters and then being back to City is kinda meh. Didn't expect a JRPG Classic but also expected more than just killing Hordes of Monsters in the End.Sadly no Recommendation from my Side."
,Not Recommended,410850,30933606,Posted: 3 April,all,EldeonROSE,Only works on 1600 x 900 resolution (Window Mode) I have a 50% chance of requesting for a refund on this. I like to play the game but it really gives me a big turn off having a small screen. My wireless logitech controller is not also working. I used my PS4 controller instead.
76561198067187750,Not Recommended,410850,30496944,Posted: 13 March,all,seraph1387,"I was excited for this game, more than excited, I have a deep love for dynasty warriors and dragon quest. So when I heard they were going to have a love child of all the best things of them I almost died of excitement. Then I got to finally sit down and play it, and found it got some of the worst parts of both, the terrible voice acting of dynasty warriors(not as bad as some of the earlier games) with pauses between obvious times they were talking over the person before them. Then there is the unskippable  intro/tutorial which is painful.  Add in that I cant play it fullscreen and have it work and other optimization problems. Leaves me with wanting a refund for something that could of been more than worth the 20 bucks I paid by just being passable."
76561198083726095,Not Recommended,410850,21679825,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,catrere,Not what I expected at all. Nothing like the ps2 game :((((((((((((((((((((((((
76561198142577340,Not Recommended,410850,19856560,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Silver Fox,the game wont load
76561198021909725,Not Recommended,410850,26396766,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Oranisagu,"While generally not a truly bad game, it has some serious issues and the price is simply too high for what little content there is. If you get it for 15$ or less, it might be worth it.Negative aspectsFor those like me who read bad reviews first and search for issues they care about as well, let's jump straight to the most annoying points:First theTL;DRversion:terrible menus, overall reallybad user interface, slow text speed (speedup is also cancel, misclicks happen often).constantwaiting, loading, forced animation after zone loading, to much text before/after buying/selling, and so on. It sometimes feels the game makes you wait more than you can play.flat characters withno depthat all, same goes for the story.Now some elaboration on these points:It's a waiting game. Every time you go back to your ship, you need to watch a short cinematic of the ship's interior. Every time you enter a battlefield, the camera shows your heroes for a few seconds before you can start. Every dialogue in the game which is voiced (except rendered videos) has 1-3 seconds between each characters lines. Every time you want to fly somewhere, you wait a few seconds. The text is very slow and the button to speed it up is also the cancel button. You'll cancel many menu selections because you wanted to speed it up. the loading screens seem excessively long (even on SSD, tried it on both, I didn't notice a difference, so it's either badly optimized or artificially slowed down, like many dialogues where you have to wait, i.e. accepting or returning a quest plays a short melody, only after that has been played, can you continue), especially since sometimes you're only for a minute or so in a zone. that means two loading screens (in and back out) which take up considerable time.every menu is designed in nearly the worst possible way. when learning skills you always have to confirm whether you want to learn the skill (default on the no button), every time you want to sell/buy, you need to confirm, always with some text before which after a while you'll want to skip, which often leads to aborting the choice. you can't buy or sell in bulk. even saving the game takes forever while you navigate through the menu and the babbling of the character you're talking to. the user experience of menues and dialogues is extremely bad and I was often very close to simply uninstalling, before I cooled down a bit and trudged through.the characters are extremely two dimensional. pretty much each of these personalities can be described in a short sentence and they will constantly adhere to those personalities. there's no growth, no change, they always make the same jokes over and over again. Personally, the only character I somewhat enjoyed was the DLC char which only joins shortly before the end - and not because he wasn't as flat as the others, no simply because he wasn't in the videos or in game sequences (being DLC) and as such had little chance to get on my nerves. other reviewers touched on this and explained it rather well, so I'll not go into too much detail.the story is very cheesy. I didn't expect too much out of it (as the game is rather children-friendly looking), but it still disappointed quite often. the clichéed villain who always laughs maniacally, the goody two-shoes characters and their high morals (completely ignoring, at the start of the game, all monsters were friends and they are butchering them in the thousands during the game). In addition, it's very inconsistent and it seems whoever wrote the script had no idea where they were going before starting to put it in game and changing their mind. for example: at some point, something about the main characters comes to light. everybody says they've never heard of something like that. then somewhat later it turns out one companion already knew all about this, and a bit later another one in the group as well. It just seems stupid.all locations you visit, except the camp/ship are combat zones. there's no town with people or shops and a few dialogues with some additional story/lore. whenever you chose a location, it will be a battlefield (nicely designed though, from overrun towns, forests, desert and so on). you can't interact with other characters there, if there is a friendly NPC, there will be a cutscene. It just feels rather forced, especially if you're used to games with a bit more freedom.I think that should cover the worst of it, so now for:Positive aspectswhile the characters were flat, at least in combat they were very rather varied. there are many to chose from and most have rather unique fighting styles. During battles you can freely control any of your characters. I mostly stayed on the main character but still, I liked the versatility the game offered.The graphics were overall very good, I liked the zone designs and even though characters and monsters are in an extreme anime style (which some may not enjoy, I'm pretty indifferent about it), the models and textures were well made.combat was fluent and responsive. dodge doesn't always work while you're still in animation for an attack, but I guess that's to be expected and can be argued to be intentional to not trivialize it.StableOther notesthe game is, as most JRPGs, very grindy when it comes to XP and gold. around level 15 I chose to use CheatEngine and added an XP/Gold multiplier, after that progress was smoother and I could play the story without having to replay the same zones over and over to level up. The kill quests seem grindy at first (kill 80 of this or that), but once you realize you can see which enemies are in which challenge and that they will endlessly respawn (except pandoras, only on one of the last maps is a respawning one), you can farm each of those kill quests in a few minutes tops.the leveling system is very simplistic. On level up you gain skill points. you can invest those points in new attacks, upgrades for your attacks, or stat boosts. the level itself is pretty meaningless as far as I could tell (no additional attributes on level up, or not noticeably so) and it would've been more intuitive to leave levels and simply use skill points as the only progression mechanic.most dialogues are not voiced (understandably), but each character has a few nondescript exclamations they use somewhat fittingly during dialogues. These get repetetive rather fast. And then annoying.many enemies are simple damage sponges. there is only one weakness explained (mechanoids are weak to lightning based attacks). your damage seems to scale off of strength (normal attacks), wisdom (for abilities/spells I assume) and weapon strength. crit chance can't be influenced (except maybe through accessories). even at lvl 99, with all those things maxed, many enemies still take a lot of hits to dispose. there may be some intricacies I didn't notice, at the very least, not much was explained.ConclusionI'd recommend most people (except maybe diehard fans of the franchise - I never played a game from this series before) probably should rather go playFairy Fencer For one of theTales seriesthan this game. If the game handled better outside of combat and the story was a little less over the top it would've been a quite enjoyable experience, though still highly overpriced."
76561198032094183,Not Recommended,410850,19626311,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,smile21h,"This game currently has some compatibility issue with mobile NVIDIA which is very widely used in many gaming labtops. It would not recognize NVIDIA automatically and if you force it to use it from the NVIDIA control, then it would only work in windowed mode. I hope this gets fixed asap. I am enjoying the game so far, but giving a thumb down for the time I spent to figure this out."
76561197961358254,Not Recommended,410850,19535388,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,KomeKomes,Really needs to be updated. Crashes to desktop in battle. Running i5-4th gen.
,Not Recommended,410850,28657907,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,crorsina,"I'm a big fan of both franchises and have been super excited about this game since the day it was announced.  After waiting over a year, it finally went on sale for a price I can afford.  And now I've requested a refund.  The game itself is actually maybe even a little better than I expected.  What I've played of it, I've enjoyed very much.  Unfortunately, it's just too unstable, much too unstable for what they're charging.  In terms of specs and system resources, I have a more than good enough machine to run this - and it runs perfectly well most of the time.  But every now and then it freezes up during combat.  I've spent more time making sure every driver I can think of is up to date than I've gotten to spend playing.  I thought it was resolved yesterday and today I go to play and it's back to the same thing again.  Better to keep your money and save up for a PS4, I guess."
76561198048661631,Recommended,410850,26756204,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Zell 427,Aurora + Maya + Jessica + Alena *-*
76561198089835469,Not Recommended,410850,28706826,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bombstrap Infinity,stiffest combat i've ever had the displeasure of experiencing and every mission follows the exact same defense format
76561198009669711,Not Recommended,410850,19569766,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,jason_spohn,"Absolutely horrible.  This game is not worth the 59.99 price tag.  PC port is horrible, continuously crashes to desktop.  I played with the configuration tool longer than i played the actual game....."
,Not Recommended,410850,19470996,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,aquarius7373,"3.8 hours into the game. The pros:+it looks amazing+controls great with a controller+super fps (looks amazing part 2 I guess)The crap:-can't play with keyboard and mouse. it has icons everywhere showing you xbox controls but expects you to know the keys for each button. looks like it was never meant for keyboard and mouse. controlling the camera with the mouse and playing on the keyboard just feels horible too. This is my first real game I prefer controller.-I got to lvl 16 and realized I don't like to kill 1000 things 1000 times. wouldn't be so bad if leveling mattered more, but the sidequests are so boring and it's more important to watch the crazy tower defense minimap than look at the great graphics and focusing on play style.-4 hours in, i've only upgraded half my equipment. and it really doesn't matter.-everything feels like a chore-kill 1000 blue blobs-oh no the wall was destroyed while you were busy trying to get a useless monster coin but got knocked out. good thing is, if you love this game, no problem. just repeat all that work. yippy.=====+looks good=====-boring as hell====3/10"
76561198009448805,Not Recommended,410850,19592421,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Alan,The game bugs at the Tower of Light and prevents me from using the teleporter to progress the fights and story. Cannot recommend a broken game; no matter how fun it can be. As the game stands it's a POS.
76561198100527225,Not Recommended,410850,22070672,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,jokoetsier12,I love the Dragon Quest games. However this is not a true Dragon Quest RPG. It's nothing more then a hack and slash. With a minor RPG element. Wished I had the chance to play it before my two weeks return period was over. Would have had my money refunded. Just release the old true Dragon Quest games please.
76561197988113155,Not Recommended,410850,30305297,Posted: 3 March,all,SAF,"I refunded the game and cannot recommend to those who want somewhat of a challenge. I played for close to 2 hours and everything I fought was a breeze. The problem with DQH is that it doesn't have difficulty options. All other Musous I have played have a difficulty setting. It's a shame because DQH has fun gameplay and fantastic artstyle, but I just couldn't bare to play it because it was too easy. This game is better suited to a younger audience or someone who is brand new to Dynasty Warrior type games."
76561198059717674,Not Recommended,410850,19609548,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,simonquinn_uk,Button mashing tower defense game.Does not live up to the Dragon Quest name.Absolute waste of money.
76561197977582318,Not Recommended,410850,30088023,Posted: 21 February,all,BlueD,"A very repetitive game with little storyline, likeable actors or Real feel of progression, ok if you like misdless hack and slash"
76561198059295517,Not Recommended,410850,30153818,Posted: 24 February,all,Chickenoidfury,"childish story, awful fighting mechanisms"
,Not Recommended,410850,19542484,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ExSavior,Unplayable so far havent been able to make it to the game menu. Seems the gave has port issues for Windows 10 as my specs exceed the recommended.
,Recommended,410850,31112170,Posted: 13 April,all,BritishReaper199,the game isnt what i expected but seeing as i have hardly played through the game much I cant give a honest review of if i like it or not seeing as how diffrent it is to all the dragon quest games i normally play
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,410850,28616431,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,天诛,"I cannot recommend this game at the current price tag... as with all Musou games / clones / spin offs etc. gameplay is extremely repetitive.It started really nicely with a dragon boss in the beginning, which tickled a little bit of monster hunter in me but quickly got replaced by mundane less cool looking/behaving mobs which i had to plow through... Game has a some combat depth with dodging and blocking but it is totally wrecked by a huge amount of enemies on the levels. I would have prefered more exploration and slower less ""flashy"" combat... I mean the assets are there. Cool characters, graphics, design of weapons etc. but It doesn't keep my attention for long because its a shallow experience... Its a shame really...It's not a dungeon experience which I hoped for this game to have but its a dynasty warriors clone with a different skin on it. You find one combo that works spam it till the end of the day get some chinese buns to recover health ( because u can find plenty on the battlefield ) so u dont need to dodge or block too much..."
,Not Recommended,410850,29700840,Posted: 4 February,all,Beardmasterflash,Crashes after defeating GigantesApparently this is an issue thats been around for awhile
76561197998812305,Not Recommended,410850,19575291,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Willem Dafoe Erotic Fantasy,"Fun game, but terrible port. The camera is jerky and while it appears to support keyboard + mouse, the list of controls is for controller only, so you have no way of knowing what does what."
,Not Recommended,410850,30856297,Posted: 31 March,all,SofTSouLCooL,Can't play this game if you use Windows 10 and nvidia Graphic Card waste of money so.
,Recommended,410850,21559299,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kaymazing,I RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY RLY LOVE THIS GAME. BUUUUUT I can't run it...GGWP
76561198008467264,Not Recommended,410850,19492654,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Gramora,"The game for me currently crashes or generates a message saying ""Please ensure your system meets minimum requirements."" My rig exceeds the recommended settings. Love DQ games, but until this issue is patched or otherwise resolved I have to sadly not recommend this game :("
,Not Recommended,410850,23412305,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,InB4Midnight,"A really poorly made port of what I can only assume is an alright console game. Menus and attacks are altogether unintuitive, and I will be returning to GBC emulators to get my DWM fix."
,Not Recommended,410850,19539219,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Zuriki,"This game does not perform well. Even on the lowest settings I am able to achieve around 10fps. In direct contrast I am able to achieve 60fps in GTA V on high (not the ultra settings), Dynasty Warriors 8 on max settings and so on. This game does not look good enough to justify the performance requirements.First game I requested a refund on."
76561198046305932,Not Recommended,410850,28599771,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ShurikenSalvo,Can't play in full screen.Framerate is not good.So I refund it. Goodbye...
,Not Recommended,410850,28108063,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lestrade 尚,"I spent hundreds of hours on Dragon Quest 7 & 8, back in the day. Gosh those are great games, even if they don't look great.This one I only went through the first few missions before I asked for a refund. I was expecting to love it, but ended up falling asleep during the mass fights. They're just too long and uninteresting. There may be a fantastic game coming later when playing it, but for me it'll have to wait until it's below 10€, when I'm less likely to feel cheated if I finish the game and regret doing it.For now I can't recommend it, but feel free to ignore me, after all I only (wasted) 2 hours on it.Just play or replay DQ7/8 on an emulator."
76561197997819407,Not Recommended,410850,19534300,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Creaper,"What a piece of crap!This game has nothing to do with the awesome legacy of Dragon Warrior/Quest games.It's total crap, so much so that I would like my money back.If you want a game were all you do is button smash, then you'll love it."
76561198021030572,Not Recommended,410850,26419306,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,|???|,"I'm extremely and I mean EXTREMELY disapointed. The game it's self is nice, well made but I have actually never gotten to play it at all because of the this constant message I always get. It talks about compatibility issues so I put on the windows 7 compatibility mode on. Guess what!!! It doesn't load my game. I haven't even seen any ways to fix it. No matter what I try I can't get the game to work. Until this problem is fixed my view on this game wont change. Not worth buying."
76561198064777731,Not Recommended,410850,30014726,Posted: 18 February,all,Ramicus Menicus,MAY NOT RUN ON WINDOWS 10. NOT EVEN IN COMPATIBILITY MODE. it works for some but not for others
,Not Recommended,410850,19492880,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,axl88x,"I can't recommend getting this game if you have a laptop with an nVidia graphics card. The game will only boot using integrated graphics, and crashes otherwise."
76561198014665763,Not Recommended,410850,28563339,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rufus,"The game doesn't work under Windows 10 (something that is not mentioned on the store page), and running it under Windows 7 compatability mode only results in a black screen. All attempts I have made to comply with the recommendations the game makes to get it working have had the same result.I can't recommend a game that most likely won't work for anybody running anything other than Windows 7, and especially can't recommend it when the developer/publisher don't make that known before you've bought and installed the game.If they fix the game in the future then I might give it another go, but for now I've requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,410850,24593702,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Pennywise,"First and only game I regret buying on steam. Bought it one day before release, played a whole lot and still don't think it was worth my money because trailers and reviews sold me something like an action RPG and I got a button smasher with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of unnecessary loading."
76561198058149170,Not Recommended,410850,28403885,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kelsierknight,I love this series but I can't bring myself to enjoy this game. I had so much hope. It lacks everything that makes Dragon quest endearing. Lack of exploration is the most obvious. You're either on the sky boat or locked in arena style combat. If you do any exploring it's within the ebb and flows of combat. Which is ultimately mash buttons for seemingly random effects until everything dies or you go super Saiyan.I find the characters annoyingly flat and their interactions become predictable. And yes I only have~6 hours of game play but their same jokes are used and reused every cut scene and dialogue.
,Not Recommended,410850,23287304,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Hoboe,I WAS EXCITED TO PLAY AND AFTER THE DOWLOAD IM TRYING TO PLAY UT NO MATTER WHAT RESOLUTION I PUT IT LOOKS CHOPPS AS♥♥♥♥♥♥ DISAPPOINTED!
76561198010507431,Not Recommended,410850,23249705,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Randomtask,This game does not run on windows 10 it also said it couldnt run becasue of my Nvidia GPU which seems insane to me. Koei Techmo I love you but what the F?
,Not Recommended,410850,33649864,Posted: 19 July,all,puterabemi,"I'm a huge dynasty warrior types of games. Bought this game during recent summer sales.but can't play at all. got problem, the game cant even started. google solution, but all solution still not solved the problem.uninstall."
76561198059443733,Not Recommended,410850,33759464,Posted: 23 July,all,Edstroyer,"Bought this game at full price to support Dragon Quest game releases on PC/Steam. What did we get for this support ? .... another tower defense game. We want the real DQ games, not the knockoffs !  >:(oh yeah, games is boring and repetitive. This game is not even worth having a story."
,Not Recommended,410850,30485614,Posted: 12 March,all,ultra reaper,too far from the orignal dragon quest games day i just wish they would bring out dragon quest 8 on pc so i can relive my childhood so many hours sunk into that game. this on the other had i did not enjoy one bit gameplay feels very liner was over it in first 3 hours and for a game i just payed 50$ nz for i expect to have a good experience not get the same characters and games thrown back in my face.
,Not Recommended,410850,29977368,Posted: 16 February,all,ScroatGoat,"not compatible with windows 10 and nivdia, don't install if you have either."
,Not Recommended,410850,19471671,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Oblivious2all,"PC Specs i7 4770k, GTX 980, 16GB RAM, Windows 10. Can't run game at 1080 for some reason always sets itself to 1600x900 which looks like trash doesn't work with Windows 10 and Nvidia configurations unless you disable particle effects in game which is straight garbage why even release a game if you know its not a stable build why are you developing on computers that still use Windows 7 and where the fu*k are my slime weapons?!? Its 2015 Square finish making your fu*king games before you release them!"
,Not Recommended,410850,30886549,Posted: 1 April,all,Free 2 Buy,INSANE CRASHING AND BLACK SCREEN AND ERRORS. AVOID!!!
,Not Recommended,410850,30198500,Posted: 26 February,all,chrischav350z,"I wish I had not bought this game. It lacks any open world gameplay. As far as RPGs go, this is weak."
,Not Recommended,410850,30076860,Posted: 21 February,all,quaglinvx,This game sucks. Period. No challenge what so ever. And the Story sucks to boot. Dragon Quest blows.
,Not Recommended,410850,19493969,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,[Apollo] Moose,"Going into this game, I was expecting it to be very similar to the Dynasty Warrior franchise that I've grown acustomed to.I must say, I'm a bit taken aback by the fact that the dev's thought that mindlessly killing loveable looking creatures that really don't seem to have any intent to harm you whatsoever would be a good idea for a videogame.I get the concept, it's really cool sounding in theory. Admittedly I don't know very much about the Dragon Quest Franchine, I was hoping this would get me into it, maybe make me want to find a DragonQuest game i could get my hands on, I don't know if this will deter me, but it certainly wouldn't give me MORE of a reason to get into it.It sounded like a cool idea, but really it doesn't feel like any sort of challenge. The enemies are just monotonous to kill, within less than two hours it felt like I was just doing chores.What sold me with the Dynasty Warriors franchise was the fact that there was some story, and it was on a grander scale, and it felt like you were rolling in with armies, fighting against other armies in a truly over the top spectacle. THIS title lacks all of that however, it feels like you, and your 4 man crew walk in, like the Nazi's in WWII and just completly eradicate helpless little creatures for gold.could have been great if it was more like Dynasty Warriors, but it's overall kid-like packaging, ease and lack of substance made it stop short of greatness and just linger in mediocraty.5/10"
,Not Recommended,410850,32050673,Posted: 29 May,all,Boo7Made,Not worth your time
76561198026483938,Not Recommended,410850,29658207,Posted: 2 February,all,PheonixWolf,Pros: it's a solid gameCons: the reason it's a  solid game is it's not much beyond a reskin of dynasty warriors with a dragon warrior mashup of PCs from other games.
,Not Recommended,410850,19489016,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Pepperonis,RIP NVIDIA VIDEO CARD USERS(like me)
76561198032260485,Not Recommended,410850,19472631,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ReDragonInc,"The game seems fun at first, until you realize it is very poorly optimized for PC. I would not recommend this game for PC, rather, I'd recommend it for it's original console. The game is near unplayable on PC, and I'm running a high end system w/ a TitanX, 850 Pro HD, etc etc."
76561198073786371,Not Recommended,410850,23234315,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Etwo,Does not work on Win 8
76561198366529547,Not Recommended,410850,30044282,Posted: 19 February,all,Marilyn Manson,Sucks♥♥♥♥♥and is hard on my pc
76561198031891882,Not Recommended,410850,23280695,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Nocturne,horrible liethe only controller it supports seems to be that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ steam one which is almost as bad as a trasnbox controller why most games can see my gamecube controller this one cant where is the refund button
76561198008714518,Not Recommended,410850,19470695,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Target Practice,"Seriously why are their issues for nvidia users.......Game play is like dynasty warriors.....If I could get a refund, that would be great.......yeah.....not like DQ games....Save your money."
76561198075102644,Not Recommended,410850,19464043,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Dog,"Total garbage, I thought I would be playing a Dragon Quest game not Dynasty warriors 15 - The broken ai.here is my break down of the gameGameplay - The monsters have terrible ai and it ruins the combat of this game. My friend and i watched for about 10min as i sat in a horde of about 50 monsters and watched as they walked around in circles doing nothing but being cancer. the bosses are even terrible, this game feels like it was designed for babies. the 1st gigantes boss i fought will stop what hes doing and will turn around so hes facing you and will stand still so you can shoot him in his weakpoint ""his eye"". also for a new gen game, its not open world and has very limited maps. its all small instances of tiny maps with a loading screen before every 5min long fight.Story- its pretty generic, Bad guy shows up and drops his mix tape, and all the monsters start to party hard. and the king is like ""Yo dawgs turn down this noise, no fun allowed"" then you go on a quest to put out the fire.-another thing is all of the cutscenes are voice acted but the ingame dialog is text. pretty lazy but tbh i find this a good thing because the voice acting in this game is terrible. the 2 main characters are ok, but everyone else so far is terrible. the slime prince sounds like something out of peppa-pig ""yes the kids show"", the King sounds like an angry midevil gym teacher, and theres a pair of space brazilians who have like 8 accents mixed into one ""the spear guy, and girl with the blue hat"".Im a fan of DQ games but this is not a DQ game. this is an abomonation. save your money and watch actual gameplay as well as some of the cutscenes before you buy it. This is just my opinion mind you. but i really dont recomend this game. -braincell's/10"
76561198007272222,Not Recommended,410850,28882368,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jambo,GAMW DOES NOT WORK AT ALL RUN IN COMPATIBILTY MODE YOUSING THE TOOL AND ON RIGHT CLICKING THE LURNCH ICONS AND STILL DOES NOT LURNCH DONT BUY IT.
76561198261421005,Not Recommended,410850,19470482,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,BoozMe,it doesnt work
76561198143630815,Not Recommended,410850,23092404,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Beenalwhile,I really don't like the game play no story just kind of a wast of a good old game.
,Not Recommended,410850,28253417,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Astolfo,"Don't play this game on PC, the game is created for console version"
,Not Recommended,410850,19466049,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Devnant,1080p MAX resMusic out of sync at 60 FPSBuggy as hellAvoid!
,Not Recommended,410850,23545261,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,XayDay,a mistake made when i bought this game .first and last DQ game i will play
,Not Recommended,410850,19465085,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Le Tharja,"60 fps cap, doesn't support 4k, and takes everything tactical and fun out of Dragon Quest games and replaces it with mindlessly swinging a sword over and over and over...Pass on this one guys.Also if you have an Nvidia car you are going to have a bad time."
76561198143739379,Not Recommended,410850,25802095,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ZackLCoom3232,bad game. nothing like the older games
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,410850,30006001,Posted: 18 February,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"1. The game is lazily ported, no AA option, needs compatability changes to run2. The game has no black people3. The game is too easy, with no difficulty setting4. Streets Of Rage II is better5. Golden Axer II: Return Of Death Adder is better6. No multiplayer7. FMV's rather than in engine cutscenes, for a AAA priced game"
,Not Recommended,410850,29811259,Posted: 9 February,all,Brandon,1080p is the highest res you can set.
,Not Recommended,410850,19750483,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,JEVjnd2012,"This game is pretty fun for a while and the characters are pretty great, but I can't play it full-screen on 2 different Windows 10 machines, and quite frankly, I don't want to go to Windows 7 just to play a broken game.  I have over 250 games in my library and only about 3 have this issue on either machine.  I waited thinking that it would be updated, but it seems that the development team doesn't care at all.  It doesn't speak to Square Enix either as all 3 Final Fantaxy XIII games run fine.  I can't recommend this game.  It's repetitive and can't be played full-screen because it will crash instantaneously.  For you Nvidia users, I'll cut you a bone and give you a tip.  Change your global settings to your NVIDIA card and then it'll run at the settings you expect.  For some reason this game loves to default to integrated graphics cards (something Japanese games are natorious for).  Toukiden had some of these issues, but I could run that game in compatibility mode for Windows 7.  That's not the case with this game.  For your garbage developer."
76561198067661663,Recommended,410850,19687872,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ok333,"Pros:Great gameplayLong story line (almost never ending)Great graphic (I had no issue with Fullscreen or FPS like other con reviewers)Variety of characters and skillsCons (just my preference nothing bad actually):Keep going back to town and ship every mission....very annoyingWish they would tell me where some monster is located to make quest a lot easierThe rearranging character is quite a walk away to change and come back, wish it was faster like in inventory view.Mobs are usually recolored...No tutorial for alchemy or mini-medal trade in regarding ingredientNeed a list of drop of ingredient and possible mob that drop them very hard to grind and find out....Main charcter (guy) is very annoying.Is it just me or all the best boss are after finishing main story line...?Cons may be extensive but those are just my opinion, but it's a great game. 9/10"
76561198034269068,Recommended,410850,19710535,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,brock_clayton,One and a half thumbs up!I loved playing Dynasty Warriors and Dragon Quest.This feels like a fusion of both games (Spoiler: and the scene of the first city invasion when the king boosts your team felt like some kind of parody since your hero looks like a fused Dragon Ball character at that point).I recommend playing the game with a game controller. Playing it with mouse and keyboard works but still could need some more improvement. Keyboard button usage seems to be inconsistent - especially while people are chatting with each other.Except in the settings menu you'll always just see the associated controller buttons anyway.The game itself seems to be seperated in quite many small stages so expect many loading screens (atleast at the start of the game). Loading times are short and you won't have any performance issues because of that. Nothing too bad.I'll definitely keep spending my breaks at work on that game.
,Not Recommended,410850,19714586,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Phthalia,"I absolutely love this game (and the series as a whole)! It's different from the main games a little, as it's a hack and slash pretty much.It's really buggy though for PC, there's an NPC you can talk to on your ship (when you get far enough in game, in the room where you can change your party members), and my game usually crashes. Only for that one specific NPC I've noticed so far, thankfully I don't think he's important.I would definitely recommend this game BUT after they fix bugs like this!!"
76561197986788965,Recommended,410850,22004734,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,{NSC} Art Vandelay,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game, which surprised me because I've played other games like this and never really cared for them.  I am a fan of the DQ/DW series though, so that was enough for me to find enjoyment.  My experience and my review may be clouded by nostalgia, but setting that aside, it is still is a very fun game. And likely one that I will return to years later just to bask in the nostalgia again."
,Recommended,410850,21924826,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TwilightCat,Spams buttons....everything around you dies....great feeling of satisfaction and accomplishment...what more can you ask for?
,Recommended,410850,27781047,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,supersniper,"This is such a great game, it isn't based off the original RPG style Dragon Quest games however the type of gamestyle gives it a new unique and fun game play.If you are a dragon quest fan, i recommend you purchase this."
,Recommended,410850,27796525,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aheleas,"Fun, action packed button smasher. Not the best Dragon Quest Game but we need more DragonQuest on PC."
76561198151992073,Not Recommended,410850,19462877,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Pajakus,"beautiful graphics,smooth 60 fps and its dragon quest 1000x YESbut its too easy and boring"
,Recommended,410850,27510711,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Greezy,Years of playing Dynasty Warriors since DW2 desensitized  me from the usual Musuo style gameplay.Maybe it just doesn't get old.
76561198040656562,Recommended,410850,27868437,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alazer,"Very good game, best mixed game genre between Dynasty warrior like and RPG game"
76561198052461321,Recommended,410850,20898160,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,T_Roy,"If you like Dragon Quest, you'll really enjoy this game.  It starts off easy and the difficulty picks up as the game goes on at a decent pace.  There's a ton of post game content too.  Non Dragon Quest fans may not get as much out of this game, especially for the price of the game, but it's still worth a play though."
,Recommended,410850,20238078,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sentientv2,"This game is a gem, especially on PC. The combat is near-mindless fun in a good way and the sound effects and the music will likely bring a smile to your face if you're a fan of Japanese RPG games. Even the voice acting is pretty good. The story for this game is much more than I was expecting. It's not incredibly deep as far as I've played just yet, but it's provided a level of depth I hadn't anticipated. Lastly, you don't see a lot of games on PC with this sort of whimsical charm with respect to character design and general presentation (even the menus), so the art style has been a breath of fresh air with respect to gaming on my PC.Loving it so far. It's definitely a step up from any of the Dynasty Warriors games in terms of overall polish."
,Recommended,410850,20758920,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TLema,"If you're going into this expecting your typical open-world, turn-based combat system type game you know the Dragon Quest series to be, you might find yourself disappointed. That said, if you go in with an open mind, you'll probably find things you like about it.At first, I was a littl eunsure of the gameplay. I'm all about hack and slash combat, so I welcomed that change, but this game takes away that open world feel and only lets you go to and fight in certain locations. It's not my favourite part of the game, but I can live with it.What I really like is the diversity of characters, mixing new and likeable characters with some favourites from older games (Alena and Kiryl anyone?). I like their different skills and the quick changeovers in battle lets you play around with their skills and spells at leisure.All in all, I welcome most changes (the battle system is phenomenal) but I miss being able to heal at will (those healstones are silly - give me some spells!) and I miss my open world. But I do recommend it to fans of the series willing to embrace a new style of gameplay."
,Recommended,410850,20690419,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Kezumo | #GGW,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT!
,Recommended,410850,21724652,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"AMusougame properly ported to PC, *and* it's one of the best in years? I don't even know what else there is to say!I can understand why diehard JRPG fans might be disappointed withDragon Quest Heroes; action is at the forefront as with most Koei Tecmo productions, not dialog or turn-based battles, but for those who also appreciate a good hack-and-slash experience? This game is *fabulous* -- Akira Toriyama's art, Koichi Sugiyama's music, Yuji Horii's carefree, creative vision... it's all there, just as charming now as it was decades ago.In short: it'sDragon Quest. A wonderfully well-made spinoff, sure, butDragon Questall the same and that, for me, is what's most important here."
76561198093906658,Recommended,410850,21827814,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Monokuma,Moar
,Recommended,410850,19726171,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MistahHamehs,"This port is absolute crap, and this game will never be patched (That's just KOEI TECMO, guys).If you are strong enough to look past the crap, the gameplay is fun."
,Recommended,410850,20344001,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,~#PrepareToDine~!,"I don't normally play these sorts of games, but this has been fun for me. I think it's kind of weird that it is so CPU intensive but I manage to play it on my FX 6300 at a reasonable level. Didn't wanna have to get a PS4 just to play this so I'm glad it has a PC port. I just wish they'd port the old Dragon Quest games, especially VIII, to the PC as well."
76561198060672703,Recommended,410850,20281549,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Unholy Warz,Mindless fun for everyone!
76561198275804716,Not Recommended,410850,20527462,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Matt,I can't even play
76561198105346585,Recommended,410850,29309821,Posted: 16 January,all,Monokuma,Ahhh. A face full of my childhood. Every minute of this game is golden if you played the series before. Even if you haven't is still a very good game.
,Recommended,410850,29289206,Posted: 15 January,all,Emperor Panda,I may be a little bias but this is what happens when you take the best parts of Dragon Quest and throw some Warriors combat together. I'm really digging it so far.  I wish they'd make it sorta open world though. I think that'd work better.
,Recommended,410850,29331096,Posted: 17 January,all,BronzyIslandNYC,no joke. great game. get it!
76561198013632600,Recommended,410850,30140143,Posted: 24 February,all,ForeverNever,"If you like japanese hack & slay games, mindless button mashing and lots of grinding, you will like this game.On the other hand, it is repetitiv, all stages are reused many times, it is not open world and the story is not so exciting."
,Recommended,410850,23250650,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Victory Male Carter,Quick Review on This GameChange of Review Last Year i Updated My Game Driver for My Gaming PC and it Worked Now we have the Sequel on The Way To Steam! Dragon Quest x Warriors So Much Fun.
76561198013878077,Recommended,410850,34972937,Posted: 15 September,all,DanGerouS_InTeGraL,Though this is a musou spin-off. It's fun in it own way.7.5/10 Glad to pick it up ! (on sale of course lol.)
,Recommended,410850,35203414,Posted: 25 September,all,Necroknight76,I'm happy they finally brought Dragon Quest into the fray.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdayg7y1tUA&t=1s
,Recommended,410850,19722792,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jay_2_3,lol people complaining they can't play the game because it crashes or they can't play it in full screen.i have had my GTX 980 since early 2015 and i have not once had a single issue with this game.Settings are all maxed out and Full screen 1920x1080p i can even go 2560x1440p if i wanted tocheck your hardware before ♥♥♥♥♥ng mighjt have a lose cable or your hardware is breaking down to all the ♥♥♥♥♥ing going on
