user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,410990,21594003,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Yyrkroon,"Horribly flawed and failed successor to two of the greatest turn-based strategy games of 1990's.  The developers' ambitions and designs far exceeded their abilities and funding.The user interface is busy and cumbersome with no clear calls to action and a good deal of information with no purpose.  The interface fights the user at every step. It is far from obvious as to how one should navigate or even return to previously visited screens.  Despite the numerous switches, toggles, and other interface elements, feedback is abysmal.  For example, when designing a new ship, the game might tell the player the design is invalid, but it doesn't indicate why, or how to correct the flaw.Behind the horrific UI are abysmal systems that attempt to remove the player from actually playing the game - by design!The AI is beyond horrible.  It is not uncommon for AI players to play with such a degree of passivity that it feels like there are no AI players at all, and the game turns into some strange space-solitaire.While it promised a trade off of losing some features from the previous two games in exchange for existing new features and systems, it only made good on half the bargain: removing beloved features, but not introducing anything of significance to replace them.I bought this game on its original release day, and again with the Master of Orion reboot.Save your time for play something worth your time, instead."
,Not Recommended,410990,26426139,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lexers615,"Well, I'm a big fan of (late) Microprose, and I played this game with friends a while ago. When I found out it was to become available on Steam, I definitely wanted it, though I already knew a bit what to expect, even if my memories turned out not to be completely accurate.First of all, this game is widely known and referred to as the game who brought Microprose to its doom, in 2003, after an otherwise successful existence.The game has some good points, however, they don't compensate for serious (I meanSERIOUS) flaws. So I'll skip to the cons first, then to the pros.Beloved features gone. You can't anymore:Refit ships (very frustrating, and, worst, it was promised back then in a up to come update or expansion).Create your own race (the customization is limited to slightly modifying existing template races, while key components can't be touched, likeGRAVITY OF THE HOMEWORLD, and what comes with it regarding battle.Have decent number of spies.Though good looking, the poor interface is rather unfriendly when it comes to finding specific things.Accessing a specific colony is troublesome. For example, you no longer have a clear list of existing colonies. (If you do, well, it's well hidden, and I haven't found it yet). So, every single time, you either need to:A, scroll on the galactic map, go to the system, open the system, then open the colony.B, from the news report, if something noteworthy happened, you get a direct link. However, quite early in the game, your news report can be flooded by more or less relevant stuff, like a remote colony having set up a statue near a government building in a remote colony (and that is rather frequent).C, you can put criterias in the known planets list to only list your existing planets, somehow converting that feature into somewhat like a status report of all your colonies. I heard there is a way from that list to access the depicted colonies, but I've yet to find out how.You can cope with it when you get 10 or so, but definitely not when you got 150 or so.Same can be said about the financial report, research menues, spy menue, etc...[/list]Speaking about the coloniesyou get a lot of useless information, like the specific sub sections in the colony interface (there are 10 or so, and all but 4 are meaningless, for example, a tab reminding you what your main race likes for planets regarding proximity to the sun, gravity, biodiversity, etc... It would be useful in a create a new colony window, but definitely not in an existing colony window, and worst when it's a conquered colony not housing your main race).UI key functions are sometimes well hidden (for example, when you learn on the news that a specific system is having unrest in a specific colony, you need to access that specific colony (read above), then open the ""Demographic"" tab, then go to the unrest subtab), while useless features are to the front (the race desirability tab, as mentioned above).Despite all this, you lack obvious feature, like granting imperial fund to a specific colony who's in financial difficulties or in a crucial tactical position and require extensive funds for a quick growth, or to siphon the funds of a rich colony about to be destroyed or conquered. This said, the overall economics is broken.The game is meant for you to macromanage a huge empire. However, it takes quite some time for your tiny civilization to reach such a proportion requiring macromanagement.The incompetent AIThe game is designed for the AI to play it for you, and you'd only need to overlook it from time to time. However, you just can't do that, has it's very inefficient. For exemple, when designing a (supposed to be) static starbase, it will waste crucial space to fit in engines to make it move as fast as system ships (!). Or, when leaving the AI run colonies, it won't make up its mind, and will continuously zone and improve a colony in a way, to, couple turns latter, destroy everything, rezone and rebuild, all of it in a loop.The AI sometimes acts apparently randomly. For example, sometimes, when left unwatched, it will focus on overbuilding industrial facilities in a colony already lacking mineral resources in a empire already lacking mineral resources, and, if you try to fix it, like by converting some of those industrial zones into mining areas, but leave the AI on, it will latter destroy those mines to set up farms. Also, the AI set ups zone with little regards to the specifics of the regions. For example, on a specific planet, setting up farms in rocky mountains while setting up mines in fertile naturally irrigated plains, and setting up labs and large government centers in canyons.The AI also disregard things blatantly lacking, like a whole system without a single local government area, military area or recreational area, while, on neighboring systems, concentrating several large military bases on every single planets, or setting up large governmental areas on all of them, with none in other system. (Note: You impire needs an ""Imperial seat of government"" and each system needs a ""System seat of government"", but each colony inside a planet does not need a government (though it might help regarding unrest), and more than one governmental zone on a single planet is just, as the recreational zones is cheaper and has a best effect on unrest than reddundant governmental structures while also having an ""area of effect"" on neighboring small colonies in the same or adjacent system).The AI (yours or the enemies') sometimes seems to perform better than you do, but that's given it has some hidden bonuses. For example, when zoning, you are limited to a strict 2 zones per regions (planets having a number of regions ranging from 2 to 16, I think) the AI commonly gets an extra zone per planet, whit it typically sets on the first or last region of the planet. In other words, it gets a bonus between 6.25% and 20%, which is more notable on tiny planets.(Continues in the comments section, begin with the oldest comments...)"
76561198022072969,Recommended,410990,22101649,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Nathemate,i dont really understant all the hate with this gameonce you get past the ui that is clunky at times there is a deep immersive experience as you slowly plot your way to galactic dominationtech tree is extensive and very rewarding as you watch your ship sizes grow from specs on the screen to fielding 100+ ships approx 4x the size of earthin order to complete the tech tree you need to steal or trade other peoples techs (every race gets unique techs)if you can hadle a few hours of learning a very enjoyable experience
,Not Recommended,410990,25279769,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mazurek,"I first experienced this game after I returned from a failed trip to leave the nest back in 2003.  It was supposed to release in November 2002 in time for the holidays, when my father actually pre-ordered two copies, but instead was severely pushed back to FINALLY release at the beginning of February 2003.To put it mildly, the game was a disappointment to the franchise.  Years later it remains 'the game that should not exist' for all who really loved the genre.  Infogrames had ambitions to make a Master Of Magic reboot after this project was finished.  Unfortunately for them, and perhaps FORTUNATELY for so many of us, the company went bankrupt a couple months after Orion 3 released.They had wanted so very much to remove all of the micromanagement from the game and let the player focus on other aspects.  They dumbed down the planetary screen to the extent that you had to be a master tactitian if you wanted to set up your colonies how /you/ wanted them as everything about the civilian infrastructure was constructed inside 'DEA's and you could only have two per planetary region.  These regions consisted of the main planet plus however many moons the planet had, which could be larger than the main planet itself.Ship designing was dumbed down to the extreme as well.  Yes, you could design the perfect ship to fly around in, but unless it was part of a massive pack of 180 ships (10 task forces of 18 ships each) it wouldn't last very long whatsoever.  You had to either design a metric crapton of ships to fit your needs, because if you wanted a Carrier Fleet, an Indirect Fire fleet, or even a Short-Range or Long-Range beam weapon fleet, you had to sit there and /KNOW/ what the heck design went into the CORE, what went into the ESCORT, and what went into the PERIMETER of the fleet to even get anywhere.  In the end I simply cheated by making /ALL/ of my ship designs the RECONNAISANCE type so I wouldn't have to worry about the nonsense and have all 18 ships in the same fleet be the same thing.Space combat...what the flying fruitcake was this supposed to even be?  They went from having a rather informative combat system that Microprose had in Orion 2 and came up with a 2d map that LOOKED AND SOUNDED like one would expect from the DEFENDER ARCADE GAME!  Oooooh, I am so excited to hear 'bloop, boop, beep, pew-pew-pew!' for my weapon firing...NOT!  Don't even get me started about the fact that you had to resort to community patches (which I never did) to actually get the sensor detection arrays and cloaking technology to work as they should have!Research.  What the hell?  They went from being able to actually CHOOSE what you were wanting to take in a field and returned to the implementation Microprose went with in Orion 1!  There was absolutely nothing you could do to manipulate what you got, either, for it was ALL RANDOMIZED the instant you started the game!Planetary assault was a complete disaster.  Sure you had your planetary bombardment phase but even THAT was dumbed down to be complete overkill.  I want to drop only a few bombs?  Nope.  You drop a full THIRD of your arsenel or nothing at all and just HOPE you didn't...oh, you wanted those planetary buildings intact?  Well, too bad!Ground assault is even MORE horrid.  All you have is a few check boxes and a drop-down menu displaying your choices of how to attack the enemy, regardless of whether you are attacking or defending.  The 'radio chatter' is restricted to merely four sets of lines spoken by the supposed head military unit leading this invasion, or a sudden female voice if you go into a stalemate for the turn.  Yes, the invasions can go on for MANY TURNS and is won or lost when one or the other has colored in a 2d graph representing the globe regardless of whether there are any units left on the losing side.The way they had the code set up for the BC count was beyond abysmal.  I had an instance where I had either 2 billion or 2 trillion BC in the treasury...and after clicking the turn button suddenly went from a positive number to a NEGATIVE number of the same value.  Suddenly I've gone from being the richest empire to a sudden game over screen because my empire ran out of money.  Years later I find out the reason being they did not put the money into numerical terms but hexadecimal format.  Way to go, geniuses!You want to refit your ships to outfit them with the latest upgrades that you've obtained on the newer designs?  NOPE!  Once your ships are in the air, you're stuck with what you have until you scrap the entire fleet or the entire fleet gets destroyed!  Have first generation scouts scouting the galaxy looking for new systems to explore?  Well, they just got passed by with your fleet having generation six engines!  Why are they still in service to begin with?The developers had a very, very interesting and nasty way of getting rid of the races that just about everyone liked in the previous games.  Alkari, MrrShan, Bulrathi, Darlok, and so many others...  They were reduced to the status of minor civiliations through the supposed actions of the Antarans who were ruling the Orion system now.  The real reason?  Oh, that reason can be discovered by the little gems hidden in the in-game encyclopedia if you search hard enough for all the ''deleted by Rantz'' stuff.  Turns out they got rid of them all for the simple fact they had a very distinct hatred toward anything Anthropomorphic, and would have even made the Sakkra extinct if the community hadn't stopped them.  So they just made the Sakkra into nagas.Also, who the hell came up with the idea of having innate racial hatred for other races?  The three Saurian species do not get along with the three Icthy-type (aquatic) species to the point that it will /always/ come down to:  First turn - Contact.  Second turn - Sanctions.  Third turn - War.  It's the same way with the Ithkul toward EVERYONE.The game can just play itself if you simply let it.  However, do not even try to tell the game to ''start on turn 5,000'' unless you are willing to just sit at your computer for many, many hours while you /WAIT/ for turn 5,000 to come by.  The game WILL play out EVERY...SINGLE....TURN until the game is either lost, won, or that specified turn has been reached.  Also, the number of opponents that you choose to have going against you is over and above however many physical players are going to be in the game.  You can have up to 16 AI players in your game...plus however many human players you can somehow manage to scrounge up to play this utter failure.I guess I will just stop there with listing all of this game's utter failures.  If you want to go ahead with this game anyway, feel free.  Just don't expect to find any enjoyment out of this very, very sad title."
,Recommended,410990,22264701,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,AsidMjolnir,"While Masters of Orion 3 (MoO3) is not a perfect game in terms of its mechanics, it has a certain charm and humor to it that is lacking from many games. The efforts made to make the combat system work, the ability to customize ships, the cute and sometimes interesting tech descriptions, the variety of races, the hidden 3D galaxy map (It actually is 3D, you have to hit a certain key combo for it, I think it's page down?) give the game a charm. Are parts of it not polished to an ideal shine? Yeeeaahhh, but compared to a lot of newer games out there that are broken from day 1 and don't even approach being fixed when they're abandoned, MoO3 has a lot to offer.And yes, I know, I have barely an hours, I actually owned a CD copy for like the past fifteen years and it's one of the few games I return to every half-year when other games I might play a match or two and then never pick it up again."
76561198009614111,Recommended,410990,28514261,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Illuminated,"Do not be fooled by what all the negative people say.  The game is in my opinion moo at it's best.  It got a lot of negative publicity when it first came out because it was incomplete.  As far as I can tell all the bugs have been fixed and it is a very deep and challenging game to play.  Instead of commanding like five ships like in moo 2 you can command up to 150 apread across 10 task forces.  The only problem I have is that the ships in tactical combat are really small and almost hard to see.  The AI is a challenge and their are more races to choose from.  Even the new remake of master of orion which I also own seems small and hallow like moo II.  The colony management requires a brain yes and your AI will build crap ships if you let it.  These can be taken care of by simply removing the crap ships you dont want built.  You get way cooler techs in my opinion as well like fighter shields and armor.  If you want just follow the brief tutorial and volia all is explained.  Its called the masters notes.  Don't take my word for it though I encourage you to try it for yourself and if you dont like it hell get a refund.  You get a refund by going to ""help""  steam support and choosing the game you want refunded.  If you have played less than 2 hours and owned the game less than 2 weeks it will give you your money back.  The game IS time consuming.  playing on a huge galaxy will take up to a month to win.  The only other game that rivals in its epic scale is Distant Worlds Universe which I own the Disc Copy for and sadly has the flaw that the game becomes too ridiculous because it is all in RT and you will have to eventually automate a lot of features. I also remind you DWU costs 59.99$ where this does not. The combination of turn based/RT is perfect imo.  The races migrate by simply hitting ""migrate"" on a planet instead of having to build stupid freighters and manually maoving the citizens.  I was reading over some more of the negative reviews and will counter them.  The Game is DEEP I mean really deep.  even in early game if you want to play right you will can spend hours before you hit that turn button.   One review claimed it was difficult to get out of the different and many window options there are.  Here is how you get out of a winow.  You hit the ""ESC"" key a problem Yyrkroon apparently had.  An Aspect that no one addressed is the creation of ground forces.  They do not auto generate.  You build them from scratch.,  You can have an army of marines with psy ops and special forces attachments just like a real army.  Also I bought and played the game when hero modders out there made the game as epic a babylon 5 sadly I dont think the mods will work.  I call upon modders.  something I have no idea to do to make the game great again.  With mods you could have 1500 ships and 32 enemy races across 500 stars.  That is the MOO III I remember.  I correct myself you CAN get these mods the method of applying them though was beyond my limited expertise.  The only game I ever modded was warhammer total war and there you just clicked on a mod and it worked."
76561198007512810,Not Recommended,410990,21630871,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,pgracy,"MOO 1 and 2 were fun (but seem dated now since they run in a DOS box).But MOO 3 suffers two problems:- poor game play mechanics- buggy data displays where one screen will tell you a planet has characteristics X and a different screen will tell you the same planet has characteristics Q. And they do it consistently so I have no idea what that planet is really like.I'm sorry I purchased the bundle, and would like my money back. 49.99 is too much for a very dated MOO 1 and 2 and a buggy MOO3.  Steam may want to pass off the bugginess of software they sell as a manufacturer problem, but that's not who I paid money. I paid Steam. So Steam either needs to work on fixing the software, or not sell it. Have some pride.Why? Because selling terrible software like this hurts the Steam brand."
76561198119210417,Recommended,410990,30934208,Posted: 3 April,all,Deep-Fried-Dirt,"In simple words:'Master of Orion 3' is the 'Mass effect 3' of my childhood.I can't recommend this game enough!! Even dated as it is it,The feautures it Introduced are just starting to be implemented regularly nearly two decades later. That's how far ahead of it's time it was.Those who claim the game was full of pointless information are wrong, As each race having an Alien background (...and well being aliens) respond to things diffrently...Even if you customize your demands and requests to each race,they have a chance to realize it. The amount of detail and love is felt in it's tired old bones. ~Also lore is fun,not pointlessPros:-Complex-Expansive-Custimizable (The galaxys are awesome in scale and Relic hunting is the funnest I've ever seen it it turned based game)-More playable races than the reboot...Few games have more to this day.-More Tech than the reboot...A very expansive tree,With tech specific to race even.-More Advanced Diplomancy...To this day I haven't encountered Ai refusing to attack another target because it suspected the current three wars were of my making and ment to drag there allies into it thus taking pressure of a front, I dearly needed releived.(The amount of script that requires is mind blowing)Cons:-3/4 of the fanbase. (they are so toxic that they are still trying to kill this game. Despite it being three steps up in combat and mechanics comparativily to ""ALL"" other MOO series games...even the newest one.)-Doesn't work in windows 10 without tinkering.-Could look better...But still looks good enough to be fun to this day.Personal prefrence:-Steep Learning curve.-Takes a long time to learn-DifficultOther notes:The memorys from this game may have outlived the computer I played it on XD~In space no One hears you Moo ; )"
76561198007372031,Not Recommended,410990,25159881,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Telfram,"BEFORE YOU FLAME, THESE ARE MY 'PERSONAL' VIEWS.Don't be fooled by hours played, i bought retail when released and got this copy in the new MOO bundle.(And still the flaws persist.)When it was released, it failed to live up to the promise made. The main attraction of the first two was the turn based combat which at the time was the best option for strategy game as RTS sucked, as seen here with very lmited past 'charge at the enemy' or 'run away'. Ship design was also dumbed down and the less said about the rigid fleet construction the better. ( Why can't i field a fleet made of the ship classes i want, not what the computer program decides it HAS to have, who's in charge of this empire anyway?) Ground combat was also revamped, again failed to live up to the hype and planet managment became so automated and fiddly the fun was removed from that as well."
76561198005022212,Not Recommended,410990,32628681,Posted: 21 June,all,roadkill6,I'm not a fan. The interface is needlessly complex and the diplomacy seems pretty random. This game tries to do too much and fails to do any of it particularly well.
76561198056268129,Not Recommended,410990,24266745,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DgtlRnn042,"If I were to sum this game up in a few words: Slow-Paced Micromanagement Hell.Where the earlier games in the franchise were not what one would call fast-paced, every turn had impact and felt important. In MoO3 everything was slowed down, from conquering planets, to simply travelling through space. Years later and I'm still not sure I fully understand the mechanics of spaceflight in this game, it seemed that the fuel depots had to be within so many lightyears of your destination (direct line of sight), but the ships could only go through hyperspace corridors which could be longer than that? Or the ship could take a convoluted course through corridors and technically be within range of the station even though there's no direct corridor? I really wanted to love this game when I first got it. I still haven't even finished a single playthrough (not counting loosing, a lot). Only reason I have it now is because it was a part of a package. Went back to MoO2, because that's much more enjoyable for me."
76561198026542521,Not Recommended,410990,21605011,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,NUTZ,"I played this Game back in 2004 thinking it didn't come soon enough then after 10 minites wish it never came at all.  after the first to it seemed genaric (even the voice in the video sounds. cheap) and overly complicatied but I that was 12 yrs. ago and maybe I just didn't give it a chance  and people change so I thought I give it another try.  Well it turns out it's not me it's the game, I don't even concider this a part of the MoO 1 or 2 or even part of the forth game (which is really great so far).   I kind of glade they did make it part of the pack because now I know I'm not missing anything Importent."
76561198076835552,Recommended,410990,23004059,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,GelberVogel,"To learn, reflect, be patinent and to adapt are the abilities you should hold in yourself to play this game. If you got them you will find a remarkable experience. If you are not able to catch the games sense then you are not the right person to play this game, it´s not the games fault. For most of the players it comes down to a user error, the software works fine and does what it´s supposed to. The thing why people hate it, is because of it is a game that wants you to manage not only one aspect but lots of aspects on a micro, exo and macrolevel. If you hold at least a degree in sociology or psychology i recommend the game to you. If you are not of this kind go and play stuff on your level.Only proceed if you are the kind of peson who can dive into something and stay calm whenever challenges come up. The game is imense challenging and you can play not only for hours on just one game, you can play for weeks (you should be able to study). It comes down that if you play on the highest settings you might aswell plan two month every day spending between 5 - 10 hours with the game to finish it at least once.Never ever again did I get so much out of a game. It is the ultimate challenge -- my advice do not play without brains and the abilities i put up first.This is more then just a game, proceed with caution. If you are not capable enough, drop it, it will wreck you.To make it easy to understand: If you like sweet things, then step away here, it will frustrate you,it´s definitly not candy! If you like bitter things and you can handle a beating from time to time plus you like learning, then this is the real deal. This game does what no other game holds to you."
,Not Recommended,410990,22753442,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MagnificentTunaFish,"I want to like this game, but I can't. Its interface is obtuse, its menus difficult to navigate, and the AI is the dumbest I have ever seen, winning purely by spamming ships as early as possible. The original game is a good way to spend time when there is nothing else to do. This is a good game for when you want to decipher a burrito of bull****."
76561198285677562,Not Recommended,410990,26742739,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Calabrese,"I've had more fun on Excel speadsheet in the office than I did playing this. It is god awful bad. It came with the other Moo games, but it was terrible on day one when it realeased back in the 90's, even then.Wargaming left it in the trash heap of history and didn't pay homage to it in the new Master of Orion.Be thankful. Very thankful!"
76561197961552416,Not Recommended,410990,21737006,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Major Von Schoff,"Moo3 Bankrupted Mircoprose and the company shut down.The slogan of the game was ""Fight the AI for control of your Empire""I bought the pre order and strategy guide. I told my G/F that she won't see me for around a week and started playing. 4 hours later I had enough. The strategy guide was written like a text book by a guy who really didn't care or want to play the game. The game was just flat out boring. I remember a thread on their message board years ago called the Masturbator of Orion cause thats what you did in this game. It was the funniest thread ever and that thread was almost worth the price of the game! LOL"
,Not Recommended,410990,22016757,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,alphex,"Game crashed 3 times before I could get it to load.Game seems fixed at 1024x768?  I can't seem to adjust the resolution at all.   The options menu looks like something out of 1997.Just initial impression, of playing maybe 15 minutes... wow, what a let down."
76561198030663716,Not Recommended,410990,21630642,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,All2Eazy,"Going back to the glory days of I and II, loaded this up with excitement. What a failure. Graphics, interface, and programming makes it look like master of orion 1 beta. Graphics don't even take up the full screen. Freezes the computer. I swear this was deisgned 25 years ago. I feel ripped off. I own dozens of games on steam and this is my first review. All I can say is do not buy. If you want a good game grab galatic civilizations 3 or x-com 2."
76561198067563194,Recommended,410990,28922010,Posted: 1 January,all,Universal Gamer,"Not as grand as its predecessors, but its credit is that it didn't destroy their legacy.-Universal Gamer"
76561197962321474,Recommended,410990,22186278,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DeGen,"micro-managers wet dream, FANTASTIC!"
,Not Recommended,410990,22442707,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Pookie Brown Kid Detective,Spreadsheet on amphetamines
76561198006209752,Recommended,410990,26304251,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Edqp,Awesome!
,Recommended,410990,25272767,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Psilos9,"I doubt the game breaking bugs have been fixed, but i have not run into any yet.  This is my favorite 4x game of all time.The scope is to large for most people and you had to read the manuel to even start to get all the pieces in this game.The UI was not perfect or even good, but I enjoyed micromanging as many worlds as I could bare and i could always get the maniger system to come close to what i wanted it to do."
76561198047163313,Recommended,410990,21695812,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,stp602,"MOO3 is, conceptually, the greatest 4X game ever designed.In implementation, there are some significant flaws, however, the gaming community went to great lengths to create patches and work-arounds to fix these flaws and to help MOO3 become the masterpiece it is meant to be.To this day, nearly every 4X game which reaches the market is attempting to either build upon this platform, or to distinguish itself from it. The graphics may be severely dated, and the UI will be a challenge, but the content makes the effort more than worthwhile."
76561198011400051,Recommended,410990,25153345,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Slow Kiwi,As fun as ever
