user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,412270,19720639,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,curly_nuts,"This review is from an old school 80s kid who grew up with Nintendo and Genesis games...This game is an excellent 2d ARPG. Yes, one could describe it as a Zelda Clone, but that shouldn't be taken as a negative.You play as a boy trying to find his father, or something like that. You gain magic spells that can be used to solve puzzles and fight monsters. Instead of weapons, you use spells to dispatch enemies.The game plays just like a top down Zelda would: you have a overworld that you can explore and find treasture; you find items that expand your abilities and allow you to progress further into the game; there are dungeons that test your physical prowess and mental ability; and the fighting is done in real time. There's a story tacked on, but it's not very good or engrossing.I really enjoyed playing the game because the puzzles are nice brain teasers and the game is easy to pick up and play in short bursts or long sessions. Finding hidden items is never boring and there's always something new to discover. Also, you learn new spells that keeps the action fresh and entertaining.System wise: there are no options for resolution or graphical effects. However, I did not have any problem running the game and it looks like it was running at 1080p. The sprites are colorful and the animation, although not amazingly dynamic, looks fine and suits this type of game."
,Recommended,412270,20696980,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Exophase,"I haven't beaten this game yet but so far it's quite good. I'm writing a review early because it's a travesty that this game has so few reviews; I intend to update it later. But I've played enough to know the positive rating is deserved.Simply put, if you like Zelda you will probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,412270,20053282,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,tsunamiDry,"Stories of Bethem is quite a charming game. The gameplay compares well to old Zelda games like Link to the Past. You are without a sword, though, and all your abilities use mana instead making mana management important. The abilities/spells you aquire are interesting, they add new fighting mechanics, and unlock new areas for you to explore in both new and already explored maps. Exploration always feels important and rewarding. Still getting updates!Pros:Fun explorationQuality puzzlesUnique abilitiesGreat level designNice, coherent art-styleGreat post-release supportCons:Mediocre writingSlow natural mana regeneration"
76561198013723081,Recommended,412270,23907493,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"This game is quite fun and i had lots of great playing with it. The playing is reminescent of a Zelda clone game, but that does not make it bad. It has several side quests,  a museum to find enemies, and costumes, which are also fun. Also, the developer listens to you about this game and implemented a idea i told them about. All in all, the game is quite fun, has fun boss fights and skills to use, and the developer cares about this game. This makes it a positive recommendation in my book!"
,Recommended,412270,30692685,Posted: 23 March,all,monoculo_jim,"Pretty good Zelda style game. It's 101% old school and you'll be searching every inch of the map for items with minimal hints, which is good. However combat mechanics and the actual puzzles and dungeons are a bit so-so. If they can improve on those aspects the sequel could be amazing"
,Recommended,412270,19818683,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Igor,"Bethem is an action-adventure game built in Game Maker Studio.Can't say much in regards to the story so far (just started playing), but it seems humorous and doesn't take itself seriously. English translation is a little rough in places (especially in regards to the jokes-lost in translation). There may be a little too much exposition/dialogue given the tone of the story, at least at the start.If you like Zelda, the action based combat mechanics are very similar to older Zelda games such as Link to the Past or the Gameboy titles.  There is an overworld, there are dungeons and associated puzzles to solve in order to progress. The interface, item mechanics and character abilities are all taken from Zelda.It includes a very pleasant soundtrack. The sprite work and animations are passable (albeit simplistic). Controller support (xbox) is great, and game feels very responsive; combating monsters and solving puzzles is actually fun and I found myself wanting to complete each area and progress.There seem to be some problems with running it on modern high-end hardware. I can only play in windowed mode, and have had to disable avast real time scanner every time in order for it to start.From the perspective of a Zelda fan, this is a pleasant surprise that came out of nowhere. I would recommend it on that basis. But I must caution that it is a little rough/unpolished around the edges for a release title, both technically and in terms of visuals."
,Not Recommended,412270,28142254,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,TheVulpineHero1,"I would describe this Stories of Bethem: Full Moon as a game which wants to be a Zelda game, but fails at every conceivable point to understand what makes Zelda games appealing to play.Let's start with the basic game mechanics. In Bethem, you have a mana gauge. You can only attack with spells, so every action you can do costs mana. This mana refills slowly, at a speed depending on your currently equipped bracelet -- more powerful bracelets give faster regen. Except, once you've regenned about 10% of your MP, the speed drops dramatically anyway, and seems to drop off almost entirely once you reach 50% MP.See those bushes? The ones everywhere? You have to waste MP to get past them. The little logs and whatnot? Waste MP. The holes? Waste MP. Exploring actively makes you more vulnerable in combat by wasting magic you could be using to defend yourself. Irritatingly, the spells which don't have combat uses (for example, the one that fills in holes) cost even MORE than your attacking spells, which serves no purpose other than to try to make you waste time or magic potions, which you can carry in limited supply.As a result? When I find a new exploration tool, my knee-jerk reaction is not ""Oh cool! I know a bunch of places I could use this!"". It's more along the lines of ""Oh, it costs even more mana? Great. Just great."" I cannot describe how bad that is in the context of a Zelda-like.The dungeons also leave a lot to be desired. Here's a rundown of the first four. 1) Block Puzzles, the dungeon. Agonizingly slow block puzzles. There's literally a point where the game wants you to push a block down a long hallway with no obstacles for a treasure chest -- in other words, they went out of their way to waste your time. 2) Warp Mazes. Because we all enjoyed Sabrina's Gym in Pokemon Red, right? Trying random exits in entirely identical rooms to eventually trial and error your way to the goal with no other gameplay challenge? 3) Dark Dungeon. And by dark, I mean you can see literally your own character and the tile in front of him. You walk in without the fire magic you need to see, do half the dungeon (fighting against ranged monsters, in the dark) to get it, and then things are a little better... if you spam the fire magic every five seconds, which will make you run out of mana. There are candles to light, but hey! You can't see the candles. Hope you enjoy firing randomly into the darkness. 4) Statue land, where lighting candles will move statues that only exist in this dungeon. Oh, except for one particular statue near the end of the dungeon, which is activated by a kill room you get to at the beginning. Y'know, because consistency in game mechanics is too much to ask.Oh, but don't think you've seen the last of slow block puzzles or warp mazes or can't see more than one tile in front of my face gimmick once you've gotten past their theme dungeons. They just sprinkle them in everywhere, and they remain the same horrible, unfun gimmicks as they were in the first place.Let's see, what else? The combat! The combat in this game is trash. Because you're a mage, the game has the smart idea of introducing elemental resistances and weakness. Mostly, this consists of giving all the enemies in a new area resistance to the things you've got and weaknesses to things you won't get for literal hours. Powering up your bracelet helps increase your attack power, but it's done through limited collectibles. About that third dungeon, where you can't see anything -- it's also full of fire spiders, which take eight hits to put down at the time, are hard to dodge, and do a very healthy amount of damage to you for that point in the game. And you can't see them, because it's dark. Don't forget that you're probably somewhere between 10~50% mana because you had to waste it all getting rid of bushes, and therefore will run out of mana and have to kite until you recover enough to attack.Oh, and almost every enemy is faster than you and/or can attack diagonally, which you can't.Even basic, silly things contribute to making this game a chore. You'll sometimes -- often -- find pit traps under bushes, which need a mid-game spell to fill in. In the early game, the fact that they're hidden by bushes is a form of cheap damage. But it also shows up in other ways. There are no holes not covered by bushes. Which means that you can go all the way through a maze, get to the last little row of bushes, and discover a single hidden hole blocking your way... so you have to walk back. Why was the hole not at the beginning of your path, if it's meant to gate progress? Why was it not visible? On that note, your basic spell penetrates up to two bushes at a time, so obviously they're usually placed in threes, or fives -- anything to make you waste an extra point of mana.That's what this game is. Every single little thing is just lacking that element of consideration that would make the game fun to play, and it all adds up to an insulting, unenjoyable experience. On every screen, you'll find something and ask yourself, ""Why are they making me waste my time and mana on this? Why does this need to be here?"" The music is good, and the graphics are good, but don't let that and the nostalgia for a real Zelda game fool you. This game is a waste of time and a wasted opportunity, and my advice is to leave it well alone."
,Recommended,412270,23791103,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gamesjunkie,"If you enjoy puzzles, have a good sense of direction and don't mind a fair bit of backtracking then you will probably enjoy this game. My biggest frustation has been running around trying to find that one path I missed so I can continue on. This game would benefit greatly from a more detailed map as the one it has now only shows the basic zones for outside. There is also very limited choice for your keyboard setup though I got used to it pretty quickly.There are plenty of secrets to find and puzzles to solve and despite my frustrations I still have fun playing though for my health I don't think I'll try for 100% completion.  At 16 hours so far, I still have a lot of game left to go."
76561198041972985,Recommended,412270,23262830,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,foxclear,"Great game !All the complexity of Zelda's puzzles and exploration, with a nice touch of humor.Quite hard to complete 100% (I finally forfeited close to the end, it's frustrating)Anyway, quite a lot of hours of fun, I recommend for all the Zelda lovers !"
76561198187709523,Recommended,412270,22154406,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,treckle,"I enjoyed the puzzles and nostalgic feel of this game.  The only real annoyance was that there was no sort of kickback feature when the main character or enemies got hit, so you could get hit a lot of times before being able to escape and position yourself to attack again.  But once you have enough hit points, it doesn't end up mattering much and you end up running kamakaze through much of the map. :D"
,Recommended,412270,24469341,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,jenl2881,"The ""loads of madness"" part makes it hilarious and totally worth playing. I am laughing my head off at certain parts and going ""what the!?"" at others. It is lots of fun for such a great price."
76561198042182302,Recommended,412270,22097947,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,phadin,"This game seems to take some of the best parts of classic Zelda and only make them better.  Similar to Zelda, you have to travel to 8 dungeons to collect 8 artifacts.  Along the way, rather than tools, you will collect spells with different effects.  These spells can be used for attack, but also for clearing obsticles, such as the fire spell that lights torches and burns wood obsticles.I am also impressed with the way they have handled the dungeons.  It takes effort not just to find the dungeons, but sometimes subquests to gain access.  For example, the fourth dungeon first requries you to find and light three candles hidden elsewhere in the world.  While I do like taht they added some extra challenge that encourages you to take new powers and explore areas you could not reach before, there is one minor negative.  It can lead to some frustration trying to find an obscure location without any decent clues.There are some good side-quests as well.  A trading game where you start with one item and trade with various NPCs throughout the game.  there are collectables in the form of red opals and candy for various quests as well.  Overall, the game is a fun experience with many things to keep someone entertained for a few dozen hours."
76561198041055452,Recommended,412270,20106199,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Chaoslord4003,"This game was exactly what I was hoping it would be, a delightful call back to the early Zelda games; particularly A Link To The Past. Though instead of someone descended from a knightly bloodline or sword training, you're a just a young man from the city  using a magical bracelet with swappable orbs after a witch price gouged you for it. It's fun and has a few quest lines that enrich the world as you go forth to save your coma cursed father.Pros:World has a back story and mythology instead of generic doomed land, that works better parodiesPlot is decent for this type of game, it could have just gone full blown parody and be done with itPuzzles feel like fun puzzles as opposed to obstacles.Cons:Writing could be a bit better, but might be more due to some loss in translationUntil the very last bracelet upgrade Mana regen can be overly slowAura quest pickups outside your ability to complete can't be skipped(as of this review it seems devs are seeking to resolve this con so Awesome there!)TRUFFLE FINDING-This quest line drove me insane.Overall for meeting my expectations I'm giving this game a 4.5/5"
76561198037622580,Recommended,412270,19721119,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Agent Glaze,"I haven't played for more than 1 hour so far but that's more then enough time to know that I did a good decision buying this game. Definitly worth the 7 euro I paid. No idea how long the game is but I will get my moneys worth for sure.It's fun, already perfectly challenging and the dialog is a delight to read. There really needs to be more great games like this on Steam.I hope Mike from Cinemassacre gets to know about this game since he's such a big fan of Zelda."
,Recommended,412270,19714503,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,WyzAntz,"Check out my first impression review of Stories of Bethem:Full moon, it is spoiler free and does detail what you will see in the game and game play as wellhttps://youtu.be/zYvYkUhpn58"
,Recommended,412270,19775115,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ingeniousclown,"If you're a fan of Zelda games for the puzzles, the adventure, the grand scale, seriously consider this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTIAdLebQYkStories of Bethem: Full Moon packs a LOT of content in it's small, unassuming package.  If you watch my video, you will hear me complain about inconviences in the game, the occasional slow-moving block puzzles, or even my own bad eyesight when trying to find out where to go next, but don't take that to mean that I think poorly of this game!In fact, 90 minutes into the game I can tell that the scale of the game is as grand as any Zelda game.  Sure the design may be clumsy at times, or the dialogue may not always be well-written, but you can tell a lot of thought and a lot of HEART went into creating this game and in spite of its flaws I am very impressed.  So many collectables, a relatively unique combat system, and solid gameplay make this game worth considering if you're really hankerin' for a new Zelda title."
76561197999976673,Recommended,412270,19657322,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Space King Veeg,Solid Zelda-alike with the occasional bit of questionably-written dialogue.
,Recommended,412270,21123210,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lionheartt,"Great game, many people will compare it to a handheld Legend of Zelda, with magic replacing a sword and they're spot on. I enjoyed the combat a little less, and the puzzles a little more (compared to LoZ) so far, and I've only unlocked one out of I presume many spells so even that may change. Easily worth the $5.24 I paid, would still recommend the game at full price ($7)."
76561198146022049,Recommended,412270,25892360,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,LULxd,reminds the good old gameboy like games
,Not Recommended,412270,26082686,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,zypsilon,"A slick Zelda clone. There's a high chance you might like it. And I really wanted to like it but I'm requesting a refund out of specific reasons. Hate to be that guy, but here's why.I'm a parent and don't have much time. And this game tries too much to waste my time.The attack animation stops movement. Pushing boulders takes such a long time. And the first dungeon is filled with sokoban involving pushing boulders.What led me to quitting the game: I made it past a certain gate, past the first sokoban puzzle behind, and failed at the next puzzle (balloon). Then I realized that if I wanted to reset the balloon, I had to backtrack and do the sokoban again. Slowly pushing boulders. I don't ragequit in competitive games, but here I did. <<-- Edit: apparently there was a shortcut that I overlooked!Now I appreciate the older Zelda games even more. They were limited to (mostly) one-screen-at-a-time, which led to slick and elegant design. Sadly, this is not what I can say about this game. I guess there is fun to be had for people with more patience and time, but it's not for me.Best of luck with your next project.One last thing: the game does establish the sense of discovery, but apparently I'm to collect eight... objects? Just about any other word would invoke more sense of w onder: amulets, shards, essence... but objects?"
76561198055718702,Recommended,412270,28942506,Posted: 2 January,all,ryulair,"Great game, lots to do!"
76561198041248252,Not Recommended,412270,30868082,Posted: 31 March,all,alrich,"This game dungeon design is frustratingly dull, using ""fun"" block pushing puzzles everywhere and other boring puzzle designs. played this for a bit then requested a refund,I do not recommend"
,Not Recommended,412270,30383668,Posted: 7 March,all,Dangerous Beans,"Witch won't STFU so I can play the game.Then she does and....Well, it wasn't really worth it."
,Not Recommended,412270,23577041,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Samination,"In my quest to find a Zelda-like game, I purchased this. Let's just say I wish I had known about Steams refund policy at the time. The game looks good, but it's just not fun. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,412270,22802975,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Silent Snow,"I bought the game on sale because it looked cute. Tried to play it with default arrow keys. Didn't like it frustratingly after the intro sequence had finished, I thought it would have autosaved as I found no way to do that from the menu. It didn't so, I changed the keybindings to wasd + jkl. I didn't like this setup either. I have no idea why there is no keyboard (wasd) + mouse buttons support. I also thought that the volume was just too loud even when I put things on a lower setting. I do not have my volume usually at more than 14% in Windows sound mixer. I do not use any boost or gain or anything of the sort.I refunded the game because of the controls and yes I played it for just about 5 minutes. Not just because of the controls but because there is no way to skip the cutscenes. Sometimes I don't really care about taking 15 minutes reading dialogues of text that isn't even that interesting or important to the game play. My apologies to the developer, but I just cannot accept this. I do not know if they used a custom developed engine or if it is GameMaker.Some might question why would refund a game that is so cheap? Same reason why I don't give money to companies that haven't earned it. Maybe if they had better keybindings and skippable cutscenes I would have actually been able to play the game."
,Recommended,412270,35462350,Posted: 3 October,all,Echoherb,"To put it quite simply, if you are a fan of 2D zelda you will like this game. Any complaints I've seen about it in reviews are from people who clearly don't like Zelda style games.It's a very charming well desgined top down action RPG similar to zelda, where you collect items, do dungeons full of puzzles, and explore a giant overworld map. The thing that makes this game unique is that you only use spells, so it's very interesting to see all the different types of spells you get to cast. There is a lot of content including lots of hidden collectables, and lots to explore, items to collect and upgrade. There is backtracking just like you would expect from any zelda style game; You backtrack and try to find areas you haven't been to before as you get newer items. My one complaint is that unlike Zelda, the map isn't very good, so you won't be able to rely on as much to find where you are (There is a great map that someone created in the guides though).Overall it's quite good, and if you are at all a fan of legend of zelda, you will be a fan of this game."
