user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198041513291,Recommended,412450,32572499,Posted: 19 June,all,Slade Valyear,"After 370 hours on black death I believe I can voice an opinion on the game, In its current state it is perfect for clans, and forming armys, because of the new housing system, and stronghold system which allows you to share buildings with players you trust, with that being said about building a team how does team work in this game effect you? litterally makes life 100x better, for example a black smith will create armor and weapons for your soliders, but needs materials, to get them you mine ore and other minerals, the 2 classes with big carry capacity is peasant, and black smith, but the peasant has special perks which alow higher quailty ore, and double recorces when mining to allow faster, better, materials, and the ability to do one 1-2 mining trips which take 10 minutes ish, compared to 4-10 mining trips with other classes which causes hours of mining/grinding depending on the size of your group, along with materials you can upgrade your manor,house, strong hold to have farms, smithing areas, storage, alchemy for herbs, and even a bar, and a bed to spawn in your home if you pass away.Player interaction, the game is a lot smoother when people work together if you are alone/solo finding a team can be pretty easy example, priest the only class to provide the best healing and only character to prevent infection in the game so you dont suffer from exp loss, and delay enevetible death, probably not wise to attack someone like that and mostly because they carry items only they can use because they are a schollar in the medical arts while you arn't, so if you where a warrior class you could adventure killing npcs gathering armor, and weapons you find from killing things, while the priest heals you. there are people that will try to killing you for what you have on especially if you are a solider class, or a lowly beggar, but fear not the penalty for killing people is high, the knight class, can see bounties on players and bring their heads for coins and if a player has too high of a bounty he/she cant enter citys with out being attacked from the local guards, usually players in town will mob up and kill them for the bounty if they see that guards attacking someone to claim the reward.combat Is pretty much like chivalry like identical,thriving if you dont like killing and are a pasacfist and all that well there are a lot of classes in this that dont require you to killing or attack things to level or progress, priest can be a town, or clan healer/ helper in battles, farmer can litteraly settle down in a home fish, harvest, upgrade his home and wait for someone to come and destroy it, or he can join a clan and harvest food and cooking supplies from the clans field, and help cook, or help the chef cook food, and supplys for the priests mediceines or food for the clan, a ""trusted"" merchant can set up a stall and sell items right from their home, guild hall, or in the local town of all the items they have aquired from making it them selves or given to them by black smiths to go into town and sell to players, or are you the non violent theif? become a bandit steal from players by pick pocketing them and stealthing away, to survive, or how about a nomad? the hunter can call anywhere his home with the ability to make arrows and bows, and craft traps to kill animals, for valuable hide, and meat, and set up camps.I started playing this game since release and to see it now honestly bring hope to me that developers arn't getting lazy or abandoning the games, This game has improved so much from its earlier builds its very pleasing to whitness.the community is nice.there are factions you can join on the steam forms if iterseted."
,Recommended,412450,23608008,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TrashButt,"Normally I pass up games with review scores like this has. I am so, so glad that I ignored them this time and tried it out for myself.Game gets a bad rap. Yes, it's very early access which means it is lacking content right now. But boy, what they do have is well done. The world is quite large and has great detail. It looks fantastic and is the best medieval world I have experienced in a LONG time. Combat is a bit wonky right now but looks like the foundations of a pretty good system.Honestly I probably won't play this game a ton because of the aforementioned lack of content. But I will happily let these developers have my money if it means this game will continue to be worked on. It's the most promising early access game I have played in a long time and I am VERY excited to see where it goes.I will be adding more to my review soon now that we've gotten some more content!"
,Recommended,412450,33449880,Posted: 11 July,all,EthanT,"Well, 54.8 hours in and time to review. I can honestly say I've done everything there is to do in TBD. I have maxed every class, own a Mansion with all upgrades installed, done PvP, Raiding, and every cave/dungeon available. Let's get down to brass tacks.VisualsThe game has good graphics. They're not amazing, but they're not bad. You wont get an eyesore playing the game. There's some textures that could use a bit of work and a few visual bugs, but overall I'd give the graphics 7 or 8 out of 10. Nothing to worry about here.Food/WaterLike most survival games, your character needs to drink 10 gallons of water and eat a banquet fit for the entire US Olympic team daily. Nothing new here as far as survival games go. Food ranges in quality, but the only effect food quality has is how long until it spoils. Same for water. Water is very easy to acquire, but you have to boil it to make it drinkable w/o damaging yourself. Same for food. Food isnt as easy to get as water, but once you've got even a small amount of pocket change, you can buy all the food you need. Nothing to gripe about here, honestly. Pretty standard stuff as far as survival games go.ClassesThis is where TBD really shines, honestly. You start as a beggar and do what you gotta do to survive. Once you level up and unlock all the beggar skills, you unlock the Peasant class. Sadly, at the moment the only way to change class is upon death, which is a real kick in the balls if you don't own property to store your stuff at before you kill yourself. That said, as a beggar you wont have anything valuable anyway, so not really a big deal. Once you master the Peasant, the game really opens up to you. You can become a Hunter, who eventually becomes the Outlaw. You can be a Militia Man, who becomes The Knight. Or, a Merchant who becomes the Blacksmith or Monk. Getting through all these classes takes some dedication.Overall the classes are very unique. Each one has a special role to play and special skills to distinguish themselves. Unfortunately, some of the classes are broken or pointless. The Outlaw has tons of abilities to fool other players and/or steal their stuff. Unfortunately, there aren't enough players for this to matter. The Knight is the only one who can see through the Outlaw, but there isnt anyone rolling Outlaw anyway, so kinda pointless.The Merchant is cool, but again, with no substantial player base, the Merchant is just a pointless stepping stone on the way to a more useful class. This is TBD's curse. They have this brilliant class system that just screams for a dynamic player driven economy, yet no servers have enough active players for this to come to fruition.CombatThe combat is probably the weakest part of the game, sadly. Whether you are holding a stick, a spear, or a two handed sword, you use the exact same animations and swing everything the same way. All weapons seem to have the same ""reach"" which instantly makes 2H and spears pointless, since they have no real advantage over cheaper 1H weapons other than slight dmg. Blocking/parry is possible, but failing to do it right leaves you open to a free hit, so very few people do it. Most PvP and fighting NPC's is just walking back and forth towards each other and swinging. Archery works well, but it's damage is so low you won't do anything with it before you find yourself disembowled anyway.AtmosphereTBD has an amazing Medieval atmosphere. It feels like a plague and crime ravaged land. They accomplish this completely, immersion wise it's great. I've yet to catch the plague, but even if you do it's easily curable with a cheap potion bought in several towns. I really wish it was uncurable after a set amount of time, which would encourage you to actually care if you get it. At this point you can take your time getting healed, since the plague really doesnt do much of anthing to you.Bugs/GlitchesThere are some, but honestly most are pertty minor or mildly inconveniant at worst. This is expected of EA, though. Which brings me to the last point. Dev Involvement. I have to give this team props. They are very active within the community. Many topics get a Dev response. The Bug Reports board is filled with Devs responding to bug reports. They just go above and beyond to show they are listening to the peole playing, and taking their ideas to heart. Massive thumbs up for these guys.TLDRAwesome concept, mostly functional, and just damn good fun. Game suffers from some minor bugs and a lack of players. Definitely worth, I rate it 8.5/10 for an EA game. Seriously, guys. Buy it, play it, love it. Mercia needs you!"
76561197979402731,Recommended,412450,25532580,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zatio,"Not sure why there is so much hate on this game, so figured some one who played for longer than a hour should say something so here i am.I know how early access games are like, i support many my self so i am very good at waiting which is what most of the real players of this game are doing right now.I would suggest that you do not buy this game if all you care about is playing a game, this is not a finished product and will have bugs and may not even work properly on every ones computers.I have had a nice experience so far, i play as a peasant so i have tried out the farming aspect of the game during my 8 hours of gameplay.Had to search for food as you start starving pretty fast, got some seeds from the berry bushes and had to find farm land to plant it at.Found cotton and planted that as well, growth rates are pretty quick so did not take long for me to harvest my stuff.As i played and interacted with berry bushes and cotton plants i noticed it gave me experience points and so i ended up leveling up my farming skills and found my first issue, the weight limit skill did not work witch is not game breaking issue.So i ignored it and continued my farming, sold food etc to merchants for gold i had no idea what to spend on until after exploring for a couple hours i found a town at a river with dead npc bodies all over the place and i noticed that i could buy a small house there.So i bought it using all my money on that only to find out the reason why no one else had bought it, you can not get furniture at the momment so all empty houses like the one i bought are useless.Still not a big issue so i moved on and leveled up most of my skills before getting bored of the lack of things to do.I had a fun experience doing farming and exploring and even cought the plague, tried out combat and got owned pretty badly until i stole a sword from a guard, the guards then put me down like a dog pretty quickly.My friend then picked up my corpse and cashed in on my bounty and he also grabbed the sword i stole without any problems with the guards.My friend gave me the sword and i went bandit hunting, stopped pretty early as i got nothing from killing them and continued farming until i decided to wait for some updates before playing again.As a peasant you can plant seeds,gather resources like iron ore and wood and harvest crops, you get experience from doing so which will in time level you up and give you skill points.I think you also get experience from just staying alive over time but its been a while since i was online so not 100% sure.When you die you lose your character but not his skills and any unused skill points will be gone when dying.My friend was a blacksmith so he crafted stuff, like better tools to help me do my farming, we learned that armor did nothing yet and found little to do other then selling our goods to the town merchant.Do i recommend people to support this game? Yes i do, this game could become great in two or three years.Any one experiencing bugs or crashes should report their problems so that the developers can fix them."
,Not Recommended,412450,22541398,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[BS] Lol U Mad,"This game redefines ""early access"".Oh boy where to begin? Not sure if this Rust clone is really this messed up or if we are being trolled.""But but but it's early access"" you say? Even early access SHOULD BE PLAYABLE. You paid for it right? Did you just want to make a donation and hope they would eventually make the game or did you want to ACTUALLY PLAY SOMETHING? THIS ISN'T KICKSTARTER.I thought I had seen the absolute worst of the worst of the latest results of steam's new ultra-low standards but boy was I wrong. The only thing this game has going for it is the visual art but that can be attributed to the unreal 3 engine. I wouldn't be surprised if they just bought a few content packs.Now the long list of everything that sucks about this barely-even-a-tech-demo-but-released-as-early-access anyway.- Long loading times.... just to get to the main menu... then long loading times to join a server.- Every server shows 0 players.... even if they are full.- If you can't join a server it kindly hands you another long *ss loading screen, but doesn't have the decency to tell you about it. It makes you continue to wait thinking you are still being connected.- You have to restart the game ANY TIME YOU WANT TO RECONNECT TO A SERVER.Let me sum these up for you so you can understand the connection sequence.Start game... loading loading loading loading... ok let's get a server list. Oooo look I am the first player! Let's try chicago.Loading loading loading laoding, frozen screen, loading more loading more... Oh I heard some ambient sound!! Oh wait it stopped.... loding loding... Oh back to the main menu. Ok let's try this again.... Loading... YOU MUST RESTART THE GAME. Ok let's restart. What's that steam? It's already running? Wait 10 minutes to end task (because it's taking up all your memory). Repeat until you finally get in 5 hours later.Ok if you manage to get in the game you still have a lot of surprises coming your way:- You can play a maximum of 20 minutes before the server crashes.- Your character is saved LOCALLY, not on the server. Ahhh we trust gamers... they won't CHEAT OR ANYTHING.- That's ok though... you can max out your skills in about 20 minutes picking carrots.- Of course when your inventory is full of carrots you can only drop 1 at a time by clicking the carrot then clicking drop. (it looks like you can drop stacks of items, but guess what? DOESNT WORK! It will drop a bag but the bag only contains ONE ITEM).- You can kill anything with a sharpened stick (the first thing ANYBODY CAN MAKE).- Want to play as a female? I THINK NOT. If you choose female you are BORN DEAD.- Did you die? Guess what you have to alt-tab and end task to quit the game!- You lose all skills and XP when the next time you play. Did you lose connection or did the server crash? Well here we will just take all your skills and xp away. You can keep your sharp stick though. Oh yeah if you spent 1000 gold on a house, we will take that away too.- You might as well hang out picking carrots for the entire game because that's the only way to keep your hunger meter from killing you. You will need to eat them almost as fast as you can pick them.- Did you unlock the next class and want to make a new character? HAH fooled you. You just erased your old character by trying to create a new one! Now you can completely start over from scratch and still no unlocks! Hah! Don't even think about canceling the creation of this new character... YOU CAN'T!- See a house you want to go into? NO PLAYERS ALLOWED. INVISIBLE WALL THERE.- Want to swim out to those rocks about 10 feet off the shore? TAKE INVISIBLE DAMAGE AND DIE.- it's ok though. Plants like to spawn in mid-air where you can see them from miles away.- go ahead and jump off that ridiculously high cliff. It won't hurt you- Hey look a mine! Hah you can't go in. INVISIBLE WALL.- Hey look, NPCs in a city! Too bad you can't go in! INVISIBLE WALL.- Hey look another player! They kill you. The guard just watches.... until you try to defend yourself... then he tries to kill you too. They would kill you twice if they could.- Spend 2 hours just trying to connect. Steam won't refund because you ""played for 2 hours"".The Simpsons predicted this game. Yard Work Simulator 2016.Had I been able to get a refund I would not have posted this very negative (albeit truthful) review. Maybe someday when steam decides to grow some standards and developers learn that accepting money for a game too early hurts their bottom line they will prioritize their ""resources"" so this sort of thing does not happen as often. Until then I will post things like this every single time I lose some money in the hopes that they lose more money than I did (and gamers like me will save their money). Thing is I BARELY EVEN TRIED to be mean. This was my ACTUAL gameplay experience, and it seems to be happening more and more lately. COME ON STEAM YOU CAN DO BETTER."
76561198297450870,Recommended,412450,32003942,Posted: 27 May,all,Jacks,"There are a lot of negative revieuws of this game.. that make me wait till yesterday to buy it..Well now that i'm in, i'm VERY SATISFIED THAT I BUY THIS DIFFICULT BUT NICE SURVIVAL GAME!!!Of course it's still early acces and in need of some changes, but i can say that for now this game is difficult at the beginning for staying alive, but it's very worth to play and not give up.. it' a great challenge to play and not become sick and die!Just look good around, do gathering berries, mushrooms, water and honey, kill some animals with your first stick, put up your skills, make a campfire for making your food and sell the other stuff..In about 10 hours of playing, it was possible to buy a house and after that make several upgrades for it (putting a bed, chest, workbench, loom, upgrade wands (looks great)...Go walk around, when you stay near roads you will see signs that let you know in what area you are.At begin don't go to close to the bandits.. you can go for them later on :-)When you got the awfull sickness.. go look as fast as you can for a priest, he sells the cure potion you need!!! (you can find one in capital city).Also NO crashes till now.. so i believe they did a good job (after a bad start) and will continue to do as it seems by now.Thanks for reading this recense.P.S.; Forget to tell something; Yes i did die also 4 times of the sickness at the beginning..you loose all your stuff.. but, you keep the SKILL progress as you make a restart with the same character!"
76561198132775205,Recommended,412450,24036528,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GeezusCryst,"After pumping my first 15 hours of gameplay into this game, I am amazed! for $20 and a game that is in alpha I am really impressed. After 15 hours of gameplay over 3 days I can say I am nowhere near where I want to be in the game. From selecting classes to unlocking more classes to dabble in, the graphics are amazing, the combat needs a little work but is not crude, the map is huge and running into players friendly and not so friendly adds a different element to this game. I really enjoy this game because all character classes work off each other, in doing so no one class can have an advantage over the server, in this game everyone needs everyone. The game leaves me wanting to come back for more and more over the hours of the day. Even when I’m at work I’m wondering about my character and hoping I don’t come back to a looted corpse. Countless times I’ve purchased games for $60+ to only find the content is only a solid 15 hours of gameplay. For $20 it’s a solid game but the bonus is, it’s only in alpha and the recent let’s play on YouTube with the devs talking about how they have secured the money to finish this game and hearing them talk about all the new features to come and all the different engines they have added to the game so far really set an impression for me to jump on with these guysa solid buy for $20 can only imagine what the future holds for them"
,Recommended,412450,24261923,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,27,"Don't take in consideration that the reviews are moderated and many cry around, they're just losers that can't handle an Alpha.- Few glitches but it's in Alpha;- Stops working/ Errors if your video card ( like mine for example ) is outdated.+ Active development helped by the community itself;+ Promising for it's genre;+ Friendly playerbase;+ Housing system for depositing goods;+ Bounty system for punishing outlaws ( So the bullies get bullied );+ Craftin system ( Do not associate with Skyrim, but it's alike, and that's cool. );+ If you die you still keep your skills, so that's awesome;Bought with 20E, not giving a ♥♥♥♥, this game is too good for the money. Going to change my video card the next days just for this game.Keep it on guys, this might get HUGE!Note to self: Never eat rotten apples again."
76561198036433602,Recommended,412450,23627284,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Tarrymonster,I don't see what all the fuss is about. I have played this game for 25 hours and it hasn't crashed once.It is very atmosphericand has amazing potential.It is updated regularly with great new content.  I am really looking forward to see how it progresses.Well done!
76561198056388588,Recommended,412450,24701702,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mr.Mad_Scientist,"First review ever!This game needs some positive response. But instead of telling you how promising this game is. How dedicated the devs are and the innovative take on the open world pvp crafting mmorpwtf is this game again... I will just tell new players what to expect.1. you will die. Get over it, there's a surreal beauty to the semi\permadeath this game offers.2. Permadeath? Yes! Hours of character development will go bye bye in an instant. But alas there's hope, like a Phoenix rising from the ashes you will start anew. With a few perks from your prior characters.3. This game forces players to interact. Whether dancing around each other to establish friend or foe. Or trading for essential supplies. Grouping to survive a bandit hoard. You need them as much as they need you.4. Just learning to survive in a medieval plague is a challenge. Sickness is everywhere, and will consume you eventually. Thus leading back to my second point.5. class is everything. Play to your strength. Or utilize new strategies after failing miserably.6. spend some time learning the game. cities are safer, guards are your friends, loot is everywhere and will keep you alive if only momentarily.7. Staying alive is the only way to progress, how to survive is totally up to you. Callback to my fifth point.8. Buy a house! It's a grind but well worth the effort. A safe place to stash your stuff. Except for that one time you forgot to lock the door and some pleb stole everything. Yes deeds transfer over.9. Stick to one server.10. potential is ripe for this one it will grow like a festering mold that will consume the magical fruit that is such an ambitious game.10/10 hope springs eternal"
,Recommended,412450,24267198,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ZZ Kairos,"This game has not gotten the reviews it deserves. People dont understand that the game is still being developed and that many bugs will occur while in-game. But besides that point, this game has been absolutely wonderful to experience and great to watch it develope so far. I have owned it only for a couple days and seen many updates take place and also spent over 15 hours in it. I am truly addicted to this marvelous world of Mercia.(Btw i have no respect for people who dont recommend this game due to bugs. It is being developed as we speak and deserves 100% positive reveiws, thanks for reading mine),Kairos"
,Not Recommended,412450,32734908,Posted: 24 June,all,Mitrius,"The game is currently designed for mega-hardcore survivors. Who have a lot of free time to spend at not starving. I prefer survival games where the surviving goal is not the food but the shelter (like Out of Reach for example).In this game, you will be always -starving -thirsty... so you can't use your time to do anything else (building stuff)  because you always need to find food and water... Problem: in a plagued world, the food and water is rotten. So you also have to spend a lot of time to purify it... This means you play 95% of your time to avoid starving and contamination. Where is the fun? I understand why there is so few players (1 or 2 per server !). It's too hard and not fun.Added to this, you will be perma -pneumonic -nauseous -injured -headached -poisoned (at the same time lol and your life will come to an end very quickly). As everything in the game is contagious : where you walk, what you touch, what you eat, etc...The game could be very fun. I like its medieval plagued atmosphere. But for now it's not possible to play and have fun.I will come back later and see if they made it more balanced : less starving more fun."
,Recommended,412450,23772864,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,arghwhippets,"This game is pre-alpha, it has breaking bugs and game elements that have yet to be coded. You need to understand this before buying it, if only to save the community hub filling up with hate and rage-quitters.EARLY ACCESS - PRE ALPHANow about the game, it shows a ton of promise. the artistic style is unique and quite dark. It's good fun with some uncommon mechanics and interesting gameplay. The style of 3rd person pov keeps you focused close and adds intensity. It does have faults, which can be posted / discussed, and the devs do listen, and are hard working.If you have patience and vision, this is a great buy to familiarize yourself with the world and gameplay. If you want a game full of content and polished mechanics, you might want to look elsewhere.Personally, I really like this game, and can see it being awesome given time."
,Recommended,412450,24457998,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Miniishadow,"I'll be the first to tell you that I was extremely hesitant to buy this game. How many EA/Alpha/Beta even full release survival games do you know of, that are completely dead in terms of development? That's what was making me worry about this title.But I'll tell you right now, it's not that way with this one.These developers go above and beyond to show us their support for their game. They are working so hard to bring us a something so new and fresh to the survival franchise that it makes me excited to be apart of their EA development stage. I actually get excited to go out and hunt bugs because these guys are fixing them almost as fast as we report them. If you're worried about a dead dev team, who don't care for anything other then the money, then you wont have to worry about that here.Pro's- Semi Perma DeathYou keep all unlocked perks and everything stored in your player owned house- Safe-ish Area's From PvP'ersGaurds in this game are rutheless, they'll protect you! ( Not in 0.07 though, they're a bit, bugged you could say )- 7 Classess to Choose FromMilitia, Blacksmith, Merchant, Monk, Peasant, Hunter, Beggar. Each has their own strengths and weaknessess, they really on other classess for certain things, encouraging player interaction.- Helpful and Friendly CommunityLots of these guys will go out of there way to help you.- In no Way Does This Game Hold Your HandIt may not be extremely hard to survive, but you'll have to LEARN your enviroments yourself. Are you use to a map and pin point location on a map? A line telling you directly where to go? Glowing resources from a mile away? NOPE, not here. Good luck finding your location on the map when you first start! This type of play style rewards the player for looking around the map and remembering their surroundings. You'll find yourself remembering land makers to travel, actually following roads and following street signs.- A HUGE open world that looks beautifulThe world is big, and there's no fast traveling, so learn it, enjoy it, and appreciate it because you'll be seeing it a lot.Cons- EAI don't even want to put bugs in the cons because it's Early Access... That's not really a con here, it's too be expected. If you have a bug, don't rage, report it to the devs so they can fix it!- Not New User FriendlyAs I said in the pro's, this game does not hold your hand at the beginning. But if you can get past that, and learn how to play, it's extremely rewarding. You'll actually feel like you accomplished something because the game didn't tell you exactly what you needed to do and when to do it.- Not OptimizedAgain, EA, it'll get better. My GTX 970 drops to 20 FPS in some area's, and you know what the Dev's say? "" Tell me where that happens so I can fix it "", if that doesn't say "" Amazing Dev's are awesome "" Idk what does.If you're looking for a open world and challenging Survival game with active developers, then you've come to the right place."
76561198176025482,Not Recommended,412450,30986473,Posted: 6 April,all,BloodClottz,"the game is now one year old, you still loose your progression when server crashes, your loose your gold that took hours to collect and yet still your house that you buy will reset so you loose that as well, 1 year on the game has not solved the basic game play mechanics that i first purchased this game for, if you feel 1 year is acceptable time frame to have fixed nothing. then buy the game, shame as the time period and graffics of the game are great, but thats where it stops being great.PROS.Looks greatopen worldcrafting is goodCONSNo end gameyou lose all progression (not server wipes, crashes)you still cant own a house ( 1 year on )No point to the gameCombate is a jokei feel if you asked the devs for a honest answer, they dont care or dont know how to fix there game ( even worst ) to ask a paying customer to buy there game from so many options, i dont think so.I leave you with this, after 1YEAR - You still cant own a house, you buy it server crashes you lose it, this was the same issue they had from day 1.....i will change my review once i see that these basic game play mechanics are fixed."
76561198005404224,Recommended,412450,26737518,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Phalnax811,"THIS IS NOT A YES OR NO.--MAYBE--I give it a maybe because:Pros:+Cool world+Good graphics+Bleak+Desperate+Medieval f*** yeah+Surprisingly runs well enough on my laptopCons:-Empty - I'm not just talking about human players. Also NPCs and simple village/city life.  I get that people are dead but it would be nice to see some caravans and peasants working in the fields (all robbable, killable etc). Maybe I just haven't encountered them yet.-Combat is funky. I stole an axe and tried to fend off the some guards...it was a weird sensation.-Obviously unfinished and while the game world is pretty complete, I'm concerned the direction of the game could remain a skeleton of what I hope for...There is probably more but will update as I play more.(Checking yes but please consider it a ""Maybe"" recommendation)"
76561198085479021,Recommended,412450,24232546,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TyeDyedFox,"Okay so i've played for about an hour with head phones on and currently, the sound design is nice very timely and not to mention the game is very flexible on what hardware can run it which is a great thing. For example My lowest PC holds a GTX 220 (A super old card that should be dead lol) and it can get a solid 30FPS at the lowest settings. where my GTX 560 TI gets a good 55-60 at all settings maxed, so amazing job there developers. Animations like jumping look a bit silly but the game it's self looks very nice and pretty. The map is kind of small but I'm positive it will be expanded on. I did encounter two bugs but i didnt report one of them as I had an issue.  The game is really early in developement but they have a suprising amount of content out already. Overall i'm excited for the developement and can't wait for more. I will gladly update this review as time goes on."
,Recommended,412450,24407394,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Smitty,"Pete (a developer) calmly handled my ""nerd rage"" and helped me resolve my video issues, i would deifintely recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a dedicated and professional development team. 10/10 public relations staff, and 9.5/10 development team.  The amount of updates and hotfixes the small team put out, and the 1 on 1 dedication to happy customers makes this game worth every cent.  I can only see this game succeeding, and will definitely be recommending it to more of my friends as well."
76561198113590725,Recommended,412450,26362647,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SeveringP1e,"I like it. I spent roughly 4 hours making wooden bowls before I found some poor fellows 3.6k gold stash and bought myself a house. Soon after I ran into another player, who was brutally murdering all the guards. I hid in my house. Every time I went past where the guards were killed, it played a slash sound followed by their screams in a loop. It was like being constantly reminded how much of a horrible person I was for leaving those guards to die, but I had a stick and dude had a fencing sword; I'm not fighting that. I found a barn I could buy and live in and it had a pig in it. I was ecstatic until the game said I already had a house, all the npcs in the village had caffeine issues too, shaking everywhere. There was a super shady npc who was selling 'basic' food in front of a poisoned well. Like we all couldn't tell you poisoned the well to boost sales, you're the only one who is selling apples to replenish my thirst. I thought bandits were just kind fellows running up to you to say 'hi' but they're running up to you because they want to brutally murder you; but if you get two and time it right, they will fight each other. They don't take kindly to you watching though and the winner will immediately turn on you."
,Not Recommended,412450,32784623,Posted: 25 June,all,☆ﾟ.*･Alexia･*.ﾟ☆,"I bought this game to play with my wife and it is a fun concept and good game so far, but the playability lacks at the current moment.+ Great concept, even thought the plague aspect seems a bit easy to avoid once you understand how it works.+ Good atmosphere, the dead bodies everywhere and locked houses, empty places and burned cities make for a good world to play in+ Profession, gathering and crafting systems are fun and challenging- With ten or more players it's lagging constantly. It's really annoying if trader windows take three tries and several seconds of waiting just to open up with a loading error so the money and offers of the trader appear empty, looting fails/doesn't execute when pressing the buttons.- Houses can be occupied by inactive players just because their houses require hours of hitting doors to be able to break them. (A concept to remove ownership from inactive players like tax or something would be amazing).- At night the game spawns lots of npc bandits outside occupied houses that stay even after daybreak and the militia counter npcs that spawn do nothing most of  the time. It's stressful and weird if there's bandits camping your locked house for several days, constantly shouting.- AI seems weirdly focused, one player can hold aggro through walls while another can take several hits at the enemy until he realizes there's a more accessable target right next to him, trying to kill him.- Food seem to expire in less than a day, the increased hunger rates with succeeding days and the fast rotting food force you to always care about food, with very little option to focus on other things"
,Recommended,412450,28101656,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"""Your food is rotton.''Thought it was some misspelled spanish translation for ""mice"", but it was just an english misspelling for ""rotten"" in the game.Edited:They fixed many misspellings, giving the game this fresh looking that they're actually caring about it.01/12/2016Game is currently was laggy as hell, technical issues on last update. As if your card or ram meant nothing and your internet went back to the dial era. Unresponsive and imprecise combat only gets worse with lags. The world doesn't have enough NPCs nor players so everything is feeling lifelessso it needs adjustments really fastand not to mention those bullshots that doesn't match the reality. You may blame the Yersinia pestis but this emptiness isn't on purpose. There isn't much details so don't expect much for now. We understand why, but c'mon the game is out for a while now.15/07/2017Some of those old problems I've mentioned are over, some still the same. They worked on animations a bit more and on character models, but the game still feels heavily raw. It is starting to feel as if the early access is taking too much time to be performed and become middle to final and remains in some altered alpha - for way too long.So why I'm giving it a thumb? Crafting and leveling so far are fun enough... this game doesn't make use of zombies or aliens in the theme like hundred other survivals. The Black Death areas got a warning symbol so it is bizarre and  interesting, survival in this game does has potential to hit one day. But I got this feeling the game was ditched somehow, or just very slow progress. This kind of originality deserves a chance anyway. Unless they waste it all withrottonprogramming.I really want to see how things will end up for this game in adistantnear future. But my hopes are fading but I've heard the devs aren't giving up. So yep, I got the game's point. Game works. Sometimes. But I'm leaving for now and I do plan to come back."
76561198115557153,Not Recommended,412450,30946337,Posted: 4 April,all,Trav,"I backed this game since launch but, at this point its just Ridiculous the progress made so far. The first update in like 4 months was just released a few days back with all the promise of fixing the current state and it only seems worse then ever before...this♥♥♥♥♥♥needs taken off steam ASAP!!"
,Recommended,412450,32003084,Posted: 27 May,all,Dan,"Real potential as a game, grindy but tense, combat although sluggish has an element of excitement seeing as most things can kill you in the right situation - would love it if it had players on the servers - never saw more than 4 at a time online, needs more to do outside towns - more npcs - eg caravans to trade or attack  - loot from killing tough enemies is aweful and disapointing (kill a guy in armour and sword - get an apple and 17 gold) - love the idea and the look - more players would make it more playable, enjoyed the 12 hours i have in it but getting bored now and needs players, do recommend as it is fun and needs support"
76561197970734860,Not Recommended,412450,34868795,Posted: 10 September,all,lluewhyn,"Imagine playing an MMO where you grind for hours to get the best gear but there are no instances/raids that need it. Or imagine playing Minecraft except you have no ability to change the land around you. That's basically the problem of this game, where you develop your character to survive, but there's ultimately not much point beyond surviving. The kicker is that survival becomes pretty easy once you've played for an hour or two and unlocked about half of the beggar (starter class) skills. At that point, survival becomes tedium that prevents you from doing much else. Want to go explore/search for certain materials? The need to carry a lot of food, the long travel times, and the quickness with which food spoils makes this a hassle.At that point, there are a ton of classes and skills to unlock, but most serve little purpose if you don't have access to a house, and it is by game design that many players wouldn't. At least a recent update changed the game to degrade housing doors unless players maintain them. Prior to that, *all* houses on any public server were already taken by players who had mostly abandoned the game, and breaking the doors down is way too much hassle with starter gear.Looking at the trailer, and examining the later classes like Outlaw/Knight/Merchant, apparently the game is heavily designed around a huge social component including PvP, but that doesn't seem to mesh well with how the rest of the game is designed. The game servers only seem to be able to hold up to 50 people, but players have complained about lag with even as few as 10 or so players. That's way too few players spread out over such a large map, and even the larger houses don't seem set up well to have groups of people in them like guilds.A lot of the negative comments here have discussed bugs, which there are many, but bugs can be fixed, while I'm not sure the fundamental problems of the game design can be. What is supposed to be encouraging players to keep logging on here day after day?"
76561198034921120,Not Recommended,412450,25844435,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Jackieattack,"I bought this game months ago and it is still nearly unplayable due to how buggy it is. I would not recommend you buy it until they implement some serious fixes.Death is extremely punishing. You lose all your items, gold, and any experience points you haven't spent and I've died from glitches, which is super frustrating. The PVE combat is a joke, it's super easy to avoid getting hit by bandits and guards.Other players will often kill you on sight. It is super grindy to collect materials for crafting.I think there is potential for a cool game but I don't recommend it in it's current state so if your interested I recommend checking reviews until people start saying it's playable."
,Recommended,412450,28209369,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,quadgamer,"So, it's early access and still in Alpha. I've been playing from the start and I'll say, it's come a long way. The game is really interesting. It's different from anything out there.The Beggar travels the land crafting toys to sell for coin or uses his beg ability which allows players to throw gold at him. Whether travelling or at a market stall, the Merchant buys and sells her wares. The peasant is a master farmer. Militia are masters with arms. The Outlaw sneaks and pickpockets. The Monk heals. The Hunter uses traps and bow and arrow. The Smith crafts armor and the Knight protects the land.Find a house in a city or in the wild. Don't forget to lock the door.Avoid bandits and wolves. Try and avoid them.Make friends. Speard the word. Grow the population.The Black Death. Get it. Don't let it get you.But it will."
,Recommended,412450,22752907,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Dayemos,"Be wary of any reviewer with such little time played in this game. There were a couple of days with server issues, as with most launches, early access or otherwise, but it has been very stable since then.  The game itself has a lot to offer even in its infant state. There are bugs like any game, but that's why we're here; to test the game and find the issues. The World itself is beautiful, the concepts appealing, and this is only the start. More content will come, and more issues will be resolved. I'm 45 hours in and still eager to play more."
,Recommended,412450,32580813,Posted: 19 June,all,Captain Obieso,"Bought this game on a whim. Turns out it's actualy really cool. There are a few things that I wish were different, like the fact that you can only use your axe to chop already downed trees which you find scatered around the map, but that's mostly just an inconveinience. I'm assuming the devs made that choice so players would not be able to just farm wood for a few hours and become millionares. You also can not collect water from the rivers on the map and instead are limited to puddles and mostly poisoned wells. Again, minor inconvenience and the scarcity of water adds to the dark feel of the game. By far however, the biggest problem with this game is that it does not have a huge player base. This shouldn't realy be expected though because the game is ambitious and the devs have focused on improving the game rather than marketing. As a gamer I think this is a good move, it means a better experience for me. But a game like this needs to build an audience quickly after release to survive.Now that that is out of the way I have to say this game is pretty cool already. 100% playable and the last update introduced a cool mechanic which allows you to hire npcs to do work for you around your estate. The game is harsh and has an almost darksouls-y feel to it. You make a new character every time you die. This might sound daunting at first. And it is, but the game has a clever skill tree system which lets you keep all of your aquired skills and homes. (including whatever you have stored inside) It also gives you the chance to revisit the screen where you choose your class. As you progress in each life you will unlock other paths and so often dying turns out to be an exciting experience. Sure you lose the things you were carying but you get a chance to check out the other classes you might have unlocked.All in all I'd say that if you enjoy survival games then this is a straight shooter. The setting is perfect for the game. The crafting system is simple if not inovative and the dev team are dedicated. But please do remember this game is in...EARLY ACCESS!!!! So don't go sling poo at the developers because you bought an unfinished product. It is sad and rediculous how many great games die in early access because people jump down the developers throats before giveing them the time they need to develop."
,Recommended,412450,34351977,Posted: 19 August,all,Trey,"Awesome developers that actively listen to their players!Game concept is fantastic, but it is yet to polish. There are still many bugs, fighting mechanic is a bit weird and clonky, but they're fixing everything slowly, but thoroughly.Give it a chance if you're into testing and waiting (because there will be a lot of wipe and updates)"
76561198111254262,Recommended,412450,33476074,Posted: 12 July,all,Oberleutnant Fritz,"Don't listen to people who whine about starvation and all that, survival 101: You need to eat. I love this game but i'm having a huge problem when i log into my home server and my character has died. Usually succumbed to plague. I've logged off in a ""Safe place"" and made sure that my character had no infection, hunger or thirst but still my character dies.. THIS NEEDS TO BE FIXED! I have lost my hard earned gold and stuff for too many times.Playerhousing needs to be fixed aswell. On my server i can't find any available house and there are only 4-6 players playing there, including me. Maybe something like if you haven't been online for a week or something, your house becomes available? To my group that sounds logic and reasonable."
,Not Recommended,412450,25941158,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NoPickles,"Still too early in development, game felt like it was empty and that you were the only person in the universe, characters felt clunky, and the game isn't optimised at all.Furthermore the lack of servers means that people in Australia have to play on servers that have over 150ms ping which can affect gameplay.The idea is solid, but so far lacks alot of elements"
,Not Recommended,412450,22526912,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jarmo,"There is a level of standard even for Early Access... People are saying things like ""This is Early Access that is what it is, expect this...."" No guys, you expect a game to run and there be something to look at. I only ever saw in-game graphics twice out of about 30 load attempts. Even when I was in the game there is zero UI,.. and the minute you pick something up or equip it.. it crashes again. This is not even internally tested with any objectivity. Personally I wouldn't put my name on something like this even under ""Early Access"" model. Fail. Reviews say it enough."
76561197983609603,Recommended,412450,24268447,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,johnd212,"The game is great so far. There isn't a lot to do but with a little more work it will be at a very good point for early access. If you like survival type games where you're constantly fighting against hunger to survive and you understand what early access means, this is your game. A little rough here and there but the look is beautiful, the music is great. I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,412450,29912779,Posted: 13 February,all,TheTunez,"Welp... my ""yes"" has become a ""no"", ever since the devs started caring more about♥♥♥♥♥♥no one gives a ♥♥♥♥ about (so called Tavern Tuesdays) instead of actually updating the ♥♥♥♥ing game. I had high hopes for it, but now it just seems a project with too much ambition, almost zero commitment and dev blogs and Tavern Tuesdays that add nothing to the game. I'm dropping this game, seriously. You should show some more love for it, instead of feeding us with news about no progress at all."
,Recommended,412450,26402131,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Mustain11,"I really like the game and it's concepts but it badly suffers from too early access syndrome and lacks any optomization, not enough and very glitchy a.i and npcs etc. I'm going to give it a miss for a couple of months and let a few more patches and hopefully it will have taken form and unlocked it's great potential."
,Not Recommended,412450,22607575,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Dimes,"This game is the absolute defintion of early access.It is so early access that it is basically unplayable.Game is in alpha, constant crash issues, the servers is empty, audio settings are unchangable, graphical glitches etc.I'll possibly buy it in the future but at the moment its unplayableThe game concept is fantastic, an open world, medeval game with PVE and PVP but at the moment, I would recommend getting a different game of the same genre such as Reign of Kings.Dimes"
76561197999494448,Recommended,412450,23259288,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Paratrooper82,"NEW Review and Gameplay Video is coming tomorrow, showing how the game progressed since my last review. Will attach it here.-------------------------------------------------Chose my character, entered the world, lost and lonely I wandered around, found houses infested by death, gathered a bunch of equipment and food, felt empowered after I found a shiv, found nice houses to buy, houses cost 3,000 gold I had 4 gold...Decided to steal my way to wealth and riches. Entered a tavern and stole ale, got caught by guards, a mob of them charged and butchered me...10/10 Would steal ale again!------------------------ All in all this game runs extremely smooth, very detailed and beautiful graphics and design, crafting is good so far and the limited skill tree is as well. You can't do much as of yet, however if the developers keep updating and adding content this could easily beat Life is Feudel - Your Own. This game is very promising and I am excited to see where this leads. I also really hope they don't give up on this game.KEEP UPDATING AND KEEPT ADDING CONTENT! :)"
,Not Recommended,412450,32784190,Posted: 25 June,all,1Rhein_Svenja,"The Game itself is pretty nice.It feels kinda good and has many things to do.The bad side is that the Dev's have no real server to hold the maximum count of players (50) on a server.Even 15 People cause many laggs, and permanent connection problems at the entire server. Sometimes its not even playable and you can just sit at your house and starve to death."
,Recommended,412450,34068970,Posted: 6 August,all,Irelevus Murloc,"I love this game, I only bought it about a week ago and yet I've been hooked for over 50 hours. It's a little glitchy at the moment but that's to be expected of an early access game.The content thus far is well worth the money I mean I've sunk all that time to the game and still haven't unlocked everything, now before you go saying the game is unforgiving and takes way to long to level up, I have maxed out 2 classes, the Knight and Blacksmith, and I can easily get the Monk maxed too, the only one that will still take a while is going the Hunter-Robber route. For those who don't know about the games classes, let me explain:You start out as a beggar, you can barely do anything, as you gain xp, you can unlock new crafting recipies, much like other survival games in this regard. The beggars specialty is to ""beg"" allowing you to beg for gold from NPCs and Players alike.After the Beggar you can unlock the the Peasent, interesting mechanic to upgrade though, you don't just ""Become"" a peasent, you actually have to commit suicide, killing the beggar and being reborn as a peasent. If you own a house it will carry over and of course any stored items are saved but anything on your character will drop into a bag on the ground. The peasent can unlock a few more basic things compared to the Beggar and has the specialty of being able to plant crops so you can become a farmer, making your own food.After that you have 3 options, either you become a Militia, a Merchant or a Hunter. Each class has a further specialization, the Militia becomes a Knight, the Hunter becomes a Robber and the Merchant can become either a Smith or a Monk. Militia and Knight of course are combat based, Smiths can repair items and make the best items in the game, while Monks can make the best plague cures aswell as alchohols while the Robber can pickpocket players and so forth. I haven't played as Monk or Robber yet so I can't really comment on those.As you can see though, there's tons of stuff to do, you can buy a house and upgrade it with things like a Well that will give you fresh water or a field on which to plant crops.The survival aspects of the game went unnoticed by me, I hardly ever worry about food and water, it's fairly easy to make money I mean I managed to make 6000 gold as a beggar within the first couple hours of playing, bought a house and have been getting more and more money ever since, currently after 50 hours I'm at 100k so I just buy food and water when ever I feel like it.Also, go Smith, it's all you will ever need, trust me."
76561198073006345,Recommended,412450,23741221,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ablack676,"game does not work, says no one is online in any of the servers. even when you try to join a server despite that game just takes you straight back to main menu. this game seems like it has so much potential please fix this. edit: not knocking the devs or the game just would love this problem to be fixed so i can play it and give a proper review :):Edit now this problems fixed and ive had the chance to play it, completely recomend it. awsome game"
76561198012706073,Recommended,412450,22820550,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,PockX,"Game has tons of potential. I have played it since launch and the devs have been working hard on fixes/patches. Currently there are a few bugs which is expected for an ""alpha"" early access game (some say it was released too early). The graphics are great, and it's fun to just run around and pick berries and steal from the people while the guards watch you do it and don't do anything. You do run across other players often enough, even with only a handful of people in the highest populated server. Currently the amount of content is limited, but the devs are active in discussions and reddit and listen to people's ideas.I'm looking forward to what this game has in store and I hope that more people check it out for longer than a few mintues and write a negative review about it.Edit: Playing this game now for about a month and they have made drastic changes, especially to the stability of the game where probably about 80% of the ""bad"" reviews came from. The devs continue to update the game and keep the community informed."
76561198087925751,Recommended,412450,23918641,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BOSK,This is the first survival game where you don't spawn with the hunger of an Ethiopian child. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,412450,29860939,Posted: 11 February,all,praise the sun,"okay so the combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥ money is just hard to get or at least i dont know a good way to get it, and in towns there should be a status where you cannot kill another player, so it is also glitchy, i have benn fighting bandits for  a while and they keep teleporting all over the place, they will come into hit me then they miss then they teleport away.I see plenty of potential but right now it is really iffy. do not spend $20 on it just wait for it to go into the posotive status not the mostly negative/mixed status. also the plauge itself sucks you could just be walking around town and then you pass a house your vision gets weird then you stand still looking for the source, you do that a lot then you get the symptoms and then dead. YAY . so just update your game and make it fun."
,Recommended,412450,34106223,Posted: 8 August,all,sireja_los,"The game is a little rough around the edges (early access is early) but overall it's worth it.Pros:+ Atmosphere is grim and sullen as we like it.+ Community (mostly pure gold... on the servers I tested, at least).+ Crafting is pretty fun.+ Surviving the first days is a challenge. And you can make it even more challenging in south areas.Cons:- Not much to do in the game (but devs are working on that).- AI is really dumb. Animals are super easy to kill, bandits/wolves spawn out of nowhere but running away from them is not a problem.- Fighting is pain, and not in the good way. The stances don't work. You hit and then you pray, that's how it is now.Yet again, I do recommend this game."
76561198192976123,Recommended,412450,25599195,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BRIBOT,"Well as much as this game deserves negative recommendation feedback, i'm not going to give it for a few reasons. Obvious it's ""Early Access"" but will it ever really get finished?, i'm seeing a pattern of developers get bored after years of working on a game, and then it just dies...i can't imagine putting all this work into some of these games people make, and then you just give up on it, just unthinkable to me.Which is why early access is probably a bad idea, developers make money, gamers get disapointed, developers try to bring out updates, gamers still waiting and upset, years go by, developers still make some money, gamers give up on the game, developers get bored with the game, the ""game sits with no players in the servers""......  It does have great potential despite all that, i mean the idea of stealing and people coming after you for it, is just great! More developers should do that in games, it would balance out the problem of high rank players killing low rank people. Weather stealing, or hurting other players, people come after you and label you a criminal and hang you or chase you down and take your weapons lol.... Nice!That was a plus to me in the idea behind this game. I stole some fish near the end of my journey at a dock i came accross, and sure enough eventually five guys with beheading axes came after me, but never caught me.The game graphics look pretty good for a survival game, i wouldn't say the ""Ultra"" setting looks Ultra, but it's still pretty decent for a crafting game of this nature. I love the way the buildings and structures look in this game, some of the best wooden structures i've seen in a medieval game. Plus it feels medieval, no weird things going on like dragons, and wizards..it really makes you feel like your back at that time.Now the controls are a whole other issue,....The problems, the controls just let me say are not horrible, just very very buggy, and who knows maybe it's my computer with hardware not complying or my keyboard, but every time i open a door or pick something up, i had to wait ten or fifteen seconds before i could move character again... that got to be unplayable eventually. Another big problem, the key layout i spent a good fifteen minutes setting up to fit my way of binding my keys, and none of them saved! Very frustrating, tried it again, and nothing saved. So was forced to try the default key bindings, which was not fun.So entering the game, about a dozen servers, 50 spots in each server,...and not one person, not even one...was in any server!So,... that was disappointing! Not sure if this game is now dead, and nobody ever plays it anymore, or what is going on but i went in alone, and of course it was empty as could be. I rarely even saw ai players. After checking out a few buildings, i ran for the entire time i was playing to what looked to be like snow covered mountains, ...eating honey along the way to survive, i wanted to see how exactly big this map really was, ..and if those snowy mountains were real, or just backdrops! Eventually i got to an invisible wall, so i'm guessing they were backdrops.""I recommend the game for inventig new ideas in game play i haven't see done before, just not now until people are playing and updates are current"" I would'nt exactly buy this game if your expecting to play with other people online, (unless you have a group of your own people) ..but if you want to support the developers and test it out, give it a shot. Hopefully they continue this game, and finish it one day, and i might come back to it. The only problem with games like this losing ""Steam"", ...new games are always coming out surpassing what they have tried to do."
,Not Recommended,412450,22809457,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Furill,"For now it's a No.There is not much to do ... end of story. What you see on youtube from this version is all there is. Some parts off the map are still ""empty"", crafting system doesn't work from time to time, etc, ...I really hope i can change this to a Recommend YES cause i really see potentional in this game but then again it all depends on the dev team what they will do or not do.but for now it's only v0.3 and if you don't like neked game then don't buy it"
,Not Recommended,412450,29480738,Posted: 25 January,all,AcidicAcid,When i seen it for the first time i said hey this game has potential but it was released as pre-prealpha(seriously it was broken and boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and still seems like it. My advice is if you really want to try is buy it and refund it before 2 hours.Oh btw you will not see another player cause it's dead atm.
,Not Recommended,412450,25871477,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,|RD| Nahkämpfer,"They seemed to have Optimized it a bit better, even though when you run every few seconds the game freezes for 2-3 second. It seems the thirst and hunger systems have been tweaked. Hopfully it keeps progressing forward without any kind of setbacks. I wish I could recommend it but I still can not. If Steam had a middle of the road button, I would most certainly click that."
,Not Recommended,412450,22564937,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Noxi,"Wait for a later build, for now just move along."
76561198299159029,Recommended,412450,31778247,Posted: 15 May,all,Ruby,it is a pretty good game. the only real issue i have with it is the lack of character customization for an RPG and you get stuck being a beggar for way too long befor you can even do anything or have anything decent at all. If you can commit to the grind and stick it out to become a peasant then you should give this a try.
,Recommended,412450,24481448,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Unknown_Player,"Day 1: I left my parents farm to become a trader. Just outside Laketown I ""stole"" a sword from a fallen soldier. A sign of good omen  i thought. I was traveling north when i ran into a bandit camp. Expecting loads of treasure i drew my sword and charged.  I died not long after.Day 2: Once again i start my journey as a trader. After 2 days of traveling i found my self at the interance of Laketown which was blocked with infected corpses. I left that town the same night with a soar throat. I was lost in the wilderness constantly coughing and sneezing. When i thought there was no longer hope for  me  i was disconnected from the server and had to start from scratch again.Day 3: This time i will start my journey as a hoarding farmer. With my giant basket on my back i will hoard every item and become rich. 2 days later i had my own farm, had a soar back and was very hungry.10/10 would start again"
,Not Recommended,412450,27911078,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Edward ♃,"The Black DeathPlaying this is like enduring 14th century tortureMultiple texture & 3D model bugs, including NPC /Your own character's faces looking, just like a pixelated horrorshow,Absolutely no Tutorial & Random spawn placement. When you make your character & choose a server, the game throws you into a designated village anywhere on the map that may/may not have bandit spawns nearby.Nothing to show your experience level, the game just alerts you whenever you have skill points to spend. And it only gives you one at a time.Nobody plays thisgarbageI meansurvival-crafting mmoI joined a server based in Toronto, and my ping was so bad, my character was teleporting in lag spikes.I gave this game a chance, put an hour & a half of my time into it, and that includes waiting for my computer to run it.I re-loaded it three times with three different classes,Peasant, Monk & Outlawwondering if it were actually playable as a non-combat oriented class.But Nope1 / 10 Would rather spend a night in the Iron Maiden"
76561198011291969,Recommended,412450,23317264,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,sarvonis,PROS:•	Fun to play with friends.•	A dark medieval world with no fantasy elements allowing for a more realistic approach to the game.•	Several different classes allowing for replay-ability.•	Realistic consequences (aka permadeath).•	Unique disease system. This affects everything you do from the food you eat to the fights undertake.•	PVP.CONS:It has several bugs.Examples:•	No real tutorial to help you understand how the game works beside basic controls.•	Moving through the ground while walking on it.•	Floating in the air while walking over mountains.•	Items can be duplicated by replacing one item for another inside chests (aka) Berries can become an entire set of   Leather armor per EACH berry.•	Random game crashes during Looting. (I only encountered 3 of these so far out of 9 hours of game play and I could log back in just fine).•	Items tend to disappear from inventory randomly.•	Lack of other players (This is slowly changing with the updates).OVERALL:Despite all of the cons of the game I found the Black Death still promising; because it seem to only be getting better with each update.True the existing bugs might make people stop playing; however if you can overlook them and remember this is an alpha it really does have a potential to grow into something better.
76561198077163337,Recommended,412450,33640060,Posted: 18 July,all,Butters,"The two hours I played i really enjoyed. I like the leveling, crafting and skill systems, it looks nice and plays well. One problem is that in all the servers combined i could see less than 20 people playing the game, this could be becuase after a length of time longer than 2 hours there is nothing else to do and so people just stop playing.I just get the feeling that this is one of those games that will never leave early access and will never be close to complete. Although i really hope i am wrong because there is definatly the makings of a fun game here to play with friends, strangers and even solo.I recommend giving it a go but for what is here now £15 is too steep. If the developers are active and get things moving i can see myself coming back to it, or perhaps a 40-50% off sale."
76561197992013855,Recommended,412450,34261054,Posted: 15 August,all,bubba,"Very fun , worth the money."
,Recommended,412450,22623856,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,The Hammerhead Snark,"**AS OF 04/24/16, DO NOT GET THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE ABLE TO READ SIMPLE ENGLISH IN THE DISCUSSION FORMS, WANT TO SUPPORT THE DEVS TO MAKE A DECENT GAME, OR YOUR SALT LEVEL IS UNDER 9000**I bought the game 2 hours after its release, amidst a lot of complaining and whining about the servers being down and how it ""NEVER HAPPENS TO AAA GAME RELEASES.""Really?I went onto the discussion forums, clicked the first link that said **Possible Server Connection Fix** or something like that, scrolled halfway down the page, and there was the fix. Right there. I connected first try afterwards, and was able to run around and play.TL;DRPros:Shiny UE4Large Open-World MapPara-history EnvironmentPeople in servers (At least the one I went onto) were fun to chat withCons:It's in version 0.02A lot of salty players giving it thumbs down because it's version 0.02 and they didn't read before buying it.A lot of things have to be implemented still (Hence the v0.02 release)---TL;RAThe game is in it's first solid release (With a quick hotfix), which consists of the world, pre-generated characters, and 3 pre-unlocked classes - Peasant, Militia and Merchant. So far as I know, Only the Peasant and Militia have uses in this build (v0.02, which says a lot for how built the game is people, learn to read.) but it shows the landscape and the potential the devs have to build on this idea they've brought about to the public.I've brought about the comment of it being build 0.02 many times this article, and that's because people apparently aren't seeing it. Gamers expect a game that's sitting at build 0.75 or more, with 1.0 being the complete game in its entirety. They didn't look at the dev notes seeing that it was literally nothing more than a proof of concept, complained that it's a proof of concept and how they paid for a full game, and now they want their refund. To this I say; ""Get out.""No seriously. If you don't want to support a dev for a game that has potential, but would rather come back when it's 10+ dollars more and near v0.75+, be my guest. I will happily bugsplat this game for these guys, and I will welcome anyone who joins me in the servers. I look forwards do chatting with you all there.So far I've paid $20.00CAD, I've gotten about $5.00 in play value, and am happily awaiting news of when the next $15.00 will be released. I've put my money into ARK, Prison Architect (before it became Steam-able), and more games that have turned out to be not flops. Amidst the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs and people who tackle way too big a project, this team has been able to offer more than 8 bit textures and bring to the table interesting ideas that have not been implemented in other games I've played (Because I haven't played EVERY game, ladies and gentlemen.)I look forwards to seeing less crocodile tears, and more players who want to help. Tenative 4/10, while waiting content that will more likely than not bring it to a 7-9/10"
76561197985599207,Not Recommended,412450,30968225,Posted: 5 April,all,Canisgendered Translabradog,"I have high hopes for this game...But don't buy it just yet, it's not quite polished to say the least. It is far too early to play it at the present time.Maybe come back in another two hundred years or so, be sure keep your children, grandchildren, great-great grandchildren (etc.) on the lookout whenever it is completed. For they'll be dealing with a true masterpiece when the time finally comes. :)"
,Not Recommended,412450,30877125,Posted: 1 April,all,KillerOnDrugX,"The servers are dead, there are lag issues as well as fps drops sometimes. It is an amazing concept but until the game improves and updates come out, I do not recommend getting this."
76561198057852927,Recommended,412450,24394619,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TheDarkSoul,"I have only played not even two hours on this game and i can't see why so many people are complaining about it, from the time i have played i experienced all 3 starting classes, tried out crafting and wandered around the map. The game challenges u in many aspects on whether or not to go down a good or darker path by allowing you to kill and rob players/npcs, steal and rob from them or you can try to make an honest earning as a merchant or even just gathering materials for a local town you live in. I believe people just have to give this game a chance and understand that it is EARLY ACCESS meaning the game isn't supposed to be running the greatest or have the best optimization. I managed to join a server within a minute of launching the game. Not to mention the community while there are some bad apples many of them are quite friendly and after chatting with some i managed to talk about possibly creating a trading network between towns. So overall at the moment i would rate this game an 7.5/10 and something to check out."
,Recommended,412450,31806750,Posted: 17 May,all,Stu,"I am giving this a positive review for now but this may change depending upon the coming updates.  I have not sunk that much time as I want into this game but what I have I have found enjoyable.  The updates and released regulary and the devs seem to care about the projrct.  I have been in this place before however, and then the updates really killed the game so that is why my opinion may change.  In its current form and if the updates keep adding to the game, as in the way they have been doing then I do believe this will be an outstanding game that will be hard to beat."
76561198001762742,Recommended,412450,31179393,Posted: 16 April,all,Ranja123,"Very steep learning curve but once you get the hang of it, a very welcome survival sandbox with no zombies. This is worth a look and works as a single or LAN supported game as well."
,Recommended,412450,26703986,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,dead-dog-soup,"Amazing Potential. It can be infuriating, but people dont seem to remember that this is early acess. This game is incredibly fun to play, even with glitches. It has loads of cool aspacts, a beautiful world, interesting concepts, and as I say again, amazing potential. A great community too. Everyone is eager to role play, and there is hardly any needless killing. Definatley worth it, even if you don't play it till it comes out."
76561198130224230,Recommended,412450,24314949,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,TylerDurdenCZ,"The game has improved really well. In 0.16 I can finally say I enjoy playing it instead of finding bugs. The game is harder than it was but in a good way because the previos builds were more like a demo not real survival game. The housing system is awesome. I bought one expensive house and as an peasan i have everything there (anvil, loom, etc.) Thank you developers and keep working, this is startinkg to look pretty cool to me."
76561198398354668,Recommended,412450,34506010,Posted: 26 August,all,stevenmarc11,"I love the game can't wait for them to add horse riding and what I dislike is I lost the relic I found took me 2 days to search almost the whole map of the game to find it, and it didn't last me a day the server roll back everything."
,Not Recommended,412450,22523415,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,oatsmon,"UPDATED as of V0.03 stability hotfix.This game is STILL no where near ready for a paid EA release..▪ House prices were increased not that it matters, they rarely save and you can forget any loot you put inside.▪ Skills now save but XP does not.  Not that it matters, more than half the skills don't work and the crafting recipes you get with them don't produce anything when used.▪ Combat is still an absolute desyncy mess, not to mention some people get an invincible bug.▪ People abuse the guard AI in the city to grief and kill players.  Guards will also attack you for things like mining and hunting animals.▪ Kind of a repeat but majority of class crafting recipes flat out don't do anything.▪ Upgrading your class through leveling still doesn't work.▪ Tons of inventory glitches such as infinite items, duping, selling issues.▪ Many people still crash on launch or can't connect to any servers.▪ For those that do get in trying to connect to a server with 20 or more people results in a kick and a mandatory game restart.▪  Servers crash constantly, devs blame it on previous version save game files and request players to go in their game files and manually delete them.  Most players won't even see the post and not do it making servers crash constantly.▪ Yes, player data is stored locally and there is no anti-cheat.. If this game ever becomes functional the cheaters will have a hay day.▪ Exiting the game doesn't register on Steam half the time, so you have to manually close Steam to relaunch the game.I understand this is an EA game, but this totally refines what EA means.  The game needs major polishing before it becomes anywhere near playable.  I will continue to test the game every patch/hotfix and update my review with it, but as of now I would NOT recommend this game."
,Recommended,412450,24317462,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Glamsus,"Interesting premise. Could use some more polish, in spite of the above-average graphics. Although the game was noticably lacking in content, it still was an interesting experience, which started with cultivating the land in a trade agreement between a peasant and I. Eventually, one troublesome player kept walking by and taking our crops, so we signed on a militiaman and gave him gear in exchange for guardsmanship. Another peasant joined, and we were a thriving feudalism once more. I rate this game a 7/10 for lack of features, but also for starting in a good direction."
76561197989685216,Recommended,412450,24388502,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Blackcobalt,I've bought and started playing the Black Death with the understanding that its in alpha. Theres alot of work that is needed for Black Death to be a polished game.  I'm having fun but some issues. I'm playing as a miltia and I can carry 50 pounds the weight skill is supposed to add more then 50 pound and it doesn't.  When interacting with npc's the inventory will not show. At times when exploring you'll come across tree's or plants floating in the air and mountains with gaps between the ground and mountain edge.Besides the minor errors and small hick-ups Black Death has alot going for it.  I don't see a goal at this point when you play. You join the game and find yourself somewhere with no waypoints with no real goal. Each character can craft and harvest but with the weight limit its dofficult to craft armour and over weight and wear your own gear.Plus if your collecting resoures you go into a resource mode and are unaware of others coming up and whacking you with two hits. Leaving the resource mode and defending yourself takes a few seconds by that time your dead and uou spawn at random somewhere on the map finding yourself starting over.I disagree with weapons that are made from crude bone or stone .. its like having a fast car with stone tire. And I don't see what the point of having modly food in game is for not as if players are going to eat it.But I would like to see clan vs clan and player shields and armour with the clan logo on them.  Plus players having a chance to own and operate a town or farms with npc guard defending them if there crafters and depending on there loyaties to the region.For the time I've played I'm having fun and expect very little of a alpha game. I did alot of exploring and if your not geared out which takes alot of time and effort chances are you'll find yourself being killed alot with sword combat being alittle hinky compared to a bow and arrow.Over all I give this game a 6.4 I find that Black Death is a soild game and gives some enjoyment when you have some free time .
76561198053509094,Recommended,412450,32845970,Posted: 27 June,all,Ligator_swe,"I played the game a lot in the beginning, early versions. I saw the potential immediately. The developers have a very unique and GOOD concept. But at that time, a year ago, the game was so buggy that I stayed away fron it for a year.I recently returned. The game still experiences strange bugs and crashes, but not as many and game breaking as a year ago. And the content is improving The developers are interacting with the community and are very responsive and good.Currently i recommend the game to all that wants to try a new and unique concept and be a part of a community that develops a game that can be BIG in the future. But if you are turned off by bugs and problems, then you should stay away and wait for the game to develop further.If they fix the instability problems the game will have a brilliant future.I have decided to stick to the game now and be an active part in the attempt to help the developers."
76561198078816230,Recommended,412450,32967219,Posted: 28 June,all,Raving Ulfhednar,"Played for a bit now and decided to leave a review:+ From what I've seen, this game hasn't devolved into a kill on site like most others+Active developers+Astonishingly helpful community+ Game is quite pretty-Optimization for the servers. Even a couple of people cause the server to lag significantly sometimes. (They did just launch a Megaserver for this exact problem, but I haven’t been to it yet.)-Low population on the servers.-AI is a little crazy sometimes.Overall, I recommend this game, especially if you play with friends.I’m also happy to see active developers. Tired of Early Access games just dying out."
,Recommended,412450,24328792,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,VanZandt,"Wow, I am having so much fun in this game!Been following this game since before Early Access opened up and put off playing it for far too long.  Finally, today I took that plunge and I couldn't be more glad that I did.Obviously, the game is still in early development, but based on videos and streams I've seen and now my own personal experience, I can tell that they are making tons of progress!  Plenty of bugs need worked out and the occasional server crash/reset occurs, but (hello!) it's alpha!  What they have accomplished so far with the game is amazing though.  It looks fantastic and it is certainly playable and fun.  I cannot wait to see how development progresses, and I'll be sure to give construction feedback to help where I can, because these devs are great.Speaking of great, let's talk about the community.  If I entered The Black Death and it was dead and quiet and I had no player interaction at all, then, after seeing all there is to see currently, I'd have no reason to log back in until there was a big update.... But that's not the case at all!  The community here rocks, hands down.  As soon as I entered the game and said hello, I was engaged in conversation and given tips and advice.  Just a short while later, I was invited to participate in an event involving a duel tournament with people placing bets and winning prizes.  And after that, a group of us ran around, sight-seeing, and fighting bandits and avoiding the plague (most of us anyway... lol).  It was a blast, I gotta tell ya.If you are interested in this game at all and can deal with the typical and understandable early alpha woes, then by all means come join us.  The more the merrier.  I definitely recommend it!"
76561198167375380,Recommended,412450,33278284,Posted: 5 July,all,Wolfhelm,"This game is really cool. The dark gritty atmosphere really makes a great first impression and retains its charm over time. The overall aesthetics of the game are great if you like dark medieval this game is worth checking out. The big downside is that it really does feel like a half finished game once you progress far enough, and the servers clearly have trouble maintaining high levels of population.The general mechanics are fairly sound and scavaging for materials and crafting feel good once you get the hang of game, however, it can be confusing experiance at first as little is explained. You are thrust into a plague ridden world where you can die from thirst and hunger and plague within 15 - 30ish minutes, forcing you to figure it out for yourself and adapt rather quickly. You will die a couple times before you grasp how to survive, which is kinda part of the experiance.The map is good and there are many interesting hidden away places to discover, but there isnt much to do. There is a lot of potential for cool ""dungeon'esq"" places where you could run around murdering bandits but they are half finished, the loot sucks, and its the same old dumb bandits you find wandering everywhere.I think if the Dev team focused on balancing the weapons/armor and PvP so that there was several variations of weapons/armor/class that where all viable in PvP it would go a long way to keep people playing beyond the initial hump of leveling up. If the game had a real solid PvP foundation people would continue playing while the Dev team works on building the world, and the server pop would stay at a much healthier level. As of right now it seems most players quit after 30ish hours of play time from a lack of things to do and 1 hit kill PvP trolling.I give the game a thumbs up for aesthetics and potential."
,Recommended,412450,24331836,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DryLeafAnger,"I Normaly give feed back on games But here we go!By now EVERYONE should know what early access means and if you don't then you have issues, i have only played a few hours of the game as it stands ( some content not complete), for an early access game i am quite amazied at how much fun i am having. Yes i had a few crashes here and there and yes i hit some majer gliches and bugs but i will say it again its early access. I see this game becoming someing amazing, Its stupidly fun and the community are super friendly.I hope and pray the dev team don't pull a DAYZ and not finish the game :P would love to see it complete and dooming with players. If you don't mind helping the dev team out by playing and reporting bugs Buy the game. I have and would recommend that people try this game out!!Edit: So after waiting to see if the dev team will give up i am soooo happy to see updates coming thick and fast <3"
76561198182078293,Recommended,412450,24301602,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lord_Molo,"This game has loads of potential. I haven't played it much yet, but i've seen my friend play. What I did play so far  was quite fun. It has quite a few glitches, but its early access so whatever. Lots of people said that it wont even load, but as of right now it runs quite well. I haven't had any crashes yet. The combat isn't very good right now, but it's a good foundation, so I imagine it will get better. The world is very nice, i absolutely love the setting! It's a fun survival game with some really cool roleplay aspects. I really like this game right now, and i cant wait to see where they go with it!"
76561198069972322,Recommended,412450,33256565,Posted: 4 July,all,Le Derp,it is great even for a early development
,Recommended,412450,23781532,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kalvin The Kreator,This game is amazing has alot of bugs but no need to worry because the devs are working very hard to get them fixed which hopefully will pull alot of people back to the game. All this game needs is more players and the bugs fixed and it's then a perfect game. The things that you can do in this game like own a house just is amazing would recommend it 100% so iff you have 20 dollars laying around go ahead and buy it trust me it's worth it.
,Recommended,412450,24703807,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Johnhazatoth,"It have potential to be a good and immersive game. Devs are nice and approachable. Overall, a rough gem that could be polished (a lot)."
76561197995991397,Recommended,412450,33687669,Posted: 20 July,all,Mr.Pickles,"This game is amazing. I have 1k hours in rust, and (to) many hours in other similar survival games' and this already turns out to be one of the best' if not the best survival game, sure it haves some bugs here and there, but it works. To begin with it can be hard but when you find out how it all works its alot easier to survive and earn money.  The music and the feel of the game is really good, dark medieval times when its best. This is more a PVE with PVP aspects so far' it may change but the game can sometimes be so tough to survive that player rather seem to help eachother then kill. I've seen 9-10 people in this game so far, all of em tried to help me or be friendly except one that shot after me with some arrows.You start as a beggar in this game, and build your way up, buy a home, grow your own food and survive.I can only recommend this game, both for beginners and people that have played lots of survival games before. The game have gone from worse to better very fast the last couple of months so don't mind all the negative and old reviewscheers"
76561197980259581,Recommended,412450,33576666,Posted: 15 July,all,[iMPC]Thorn,Very enjoybale love the medevial world. Have high hopes for this game.
,Recommended,412450,31073843,Posted: 11 April,all,Milan Nutbey,The game so far has still got some bugs and problems but they are being worked on.The max players i've seen on a server is about 7 - 10 which isn't a lot at the moment but i'm sure if the game fixes on it's bugs and problems to make the game more stable could improve that.Gameplay is not that bad the only thing quite annoying is are that the NPC's suddenly spawn behind you and some times even dissapearI haven't progressed so far but the only bugs and problems i've encountered so far:1. NPC spawning and dissapearing randomely2. Being locked out of your own house even though you locked the doors.3. You can't hear your footsteps when going first person.4. Going far away from Ravens Reach is dangerous because there aren't enough materials for you to gather to be able to survive.That was all for now.*Flies away*
76561198084242349,Recommended,412450,22682885,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Jackal,"AS OF V0.02. (updating now :P) REMEMBER, THIS IS IN VERY EARLY ACCESS AS OF NOW.________________________________________________________________________________This game does have its bugs, i'd be lying if i said a few, the servers crash a sh*t ton aswell as your game itself a fair bit, it requires a pretty powerful pc to run, (A couple of my friends bought it both couldnt run it, but they dont have the best computers). But this game has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of potential, imo its  playable at the moment and its still a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun to play with friends, but there are the crashes and bugs holding you back, the devs are doing a good job working on the server stability and bugs, they listen to their players when getting bug reports, i have trust in these devs and i believe that this game will turn into something huge and amazing in time. (Most bugs i've run into are minor although i have run into some big/annoying ones at times, and everything in this review is all in my opinion and i am absolutely loving this game so far.)________________________________________________________________________________Pros-Fun gameplay.Alot of potential.Immersive. (Aslong as Moon/Baby Moon doesnt lead you into a so called ""Cave"" getting you stuck under the map and thrown up and down constantly well wedged into a corner.Cons-Bugs. (quite alot)Alot of server crashes.Some game crashes.________________________________________________________________________________"
76561198014218121,Recommended,412450,24272729,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kigam,"I've only spent about 1hr in-game so far, and honestly; I enjoy it. Yes, it's early access so there are some kinks to work out and not that much content right now. But the stuff that's there so far is good, and I really think that this game can become something great with time. So if you got the cash to spend- do buy it."
76561198310377458,Recommended,412450,23549578,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,nick.astaire,"WTF is it with all these negative reviews?!Seems like all the Steam noobs have banded together to go medieval on this game.  That much is evident with barely an hour of playing time on the clock for most if not all of them.Sack the potential, this game is already a blast and what's more, the devs seem to be fully engaged with the community posting regular bi-weekly updates and blogging(http://www.small-impact.com/BlackDeath/).  The graphics and all round environment detail is astonishingly good - already way better than other survival MMOs I've played (Rust, DayZ, ROK) - while the roadmap(https://trello.com/b/N13pOYn3/the-black-death)points to exciting major additions to both gameplay (combat, bounty hunting, guilds, housing, weather) and assets (new classes, bears, mountain lions, wolves, monastry, audio) over the forthcoming months.The new crafting system is a welcome update with its introduction of variable item quality contingent on both character skill and condition of materials, although I feel work is still needed to migitate the tedium of crafting items of the same type individually rather than in bulk - should be quick and simple.  Also, some form tax system is needed on property to encourage players to use their houses regularly or risk these being put up for sale and changing hands.While the servers could be more populated, I'm not fussed as the map is extensive enough to enjoy exploring and discovering hidden caves, mines and tunnels, while the increasing number of NPCs (bandits, tradesmen, guards) and animals (boar, wolves, deer) makes for a fun experience fighting and hunting.Servers are very stable, although I read that at launch this wasn't the case, so they must have fixed this issue, while I've experienced only one crash to date."
,Recommended,412450,22632881,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,P-Droxy,"This game is pretty good cant wait when all the bugs are fixed and its fully made. Might be next year till its done, some of the small issues is with the chat room. When typing in the chat box you get cut off if you use ""I"" in any word. Also if you use c in the chat box your avator crouch down. I also get booted out if i sell to many things to the sells man in the main town. When looting items they still apear in the box even when you pick them up in your inventory. Hope fully voice actors will bring the game to life. I also will like to see this game be very different type of pvp where if someone trys to kill you without your agreement the guards will get them and there will be a town sentence for hanging or if they steal they lose a hand. Make a law metor so if you do alot of bad things it goes up and you will have a bounty for your capture. Thus if someone kills you but you have a bounty it wont go on there record and they get payed for doing so. I would love to see this as a skyrim slash rust type of game. It would be great to build houses and more items hopefully soon."
,Not Recommended,412450,30935396,Posted: 3 April,all,svoorhees5star,"I don't normally write reviews on games....but this game needs alot of work, this shouldn't even be allowed to be DL the bugs are too bad everytime I make a guy and start playing it kicks me off, every time I get attack it kicks me off...looks like a really good game to play if they could only get the bugs out."
76561198043970173,Recommended,412450,23117413,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,CaptainCody,"Really good game. Like it so far, but I recommend to play this with friends, because it is impossible to survive on your own. The NPC's are really too strong to fight on your own."
,Recommended,412450,32816881,Posted: 26 June,all,Switchblade,"so far so good , wish more people would play they should make offical servers"
76561198130032136,Recommended,412450,32373958,Posted: 12 June,all,Bosscascade,Pros:The game has been improving a lot and is fairly fun. The world space is very well made and the class system is interesting. There is a decent verity of items and locations to see and craft which keeps the game interesting. Lastly the cities in the game are extremely fun to walk around in. The very unique atmosphere of the game also separates it from others of its kind.Cons:Not a lot to do in game. There are no quests and the bounty system doesn't work well as there are very few other players on the server. The game is very grindy and leveling takes a while which keeps the game kinda stale. Animations aren't great and neither is combat.Recommended? In its current state I'd say it's playable enough for a few hours and if it's ever on sale I definetly recommend it. If your the person who doesn't mind grinding then you will probably really enjoy this game. The unique atmosphere also helps the game.
,Recommended,412450,24417226,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Admiral,"I've very much enjoyed my time playing this game, the developers keep bringing new stuff to the game. Im not gonna lie there are many bugs but this is still just an early access. I think this game is gonna be great and i would reccomend this game when its a complete game."
76561198086698070,Recommended,412450,32824840,Posted: 26 June,all,[RCF]deth1981,"This game will kick your butt if you let it. First time playing I got too close to a bunch of corpes and contracted the bubonic plague. Few minutes later I was dead of Pneumonia. Bandits are fairly to easy to beat as long as they don't sneak up on you. Graphics are some of the best I've seen, and the classes and skill progression make for a lasting experience. Note: Don't eat apples that find on a dead horse. You'll get terribly sick and probably die of chronic diarreha."
76561198189599025,Recommended,412450,33008019,Posted: 29 June,all,WetWillie,Great hardcore survival game with a lot of potential.  More about survival and less about the grind.  It get easier as you survive each day where thirst and hunger rates decrease and your health and carry weight increases.  Has a lot of potential especially as an RP-PVP game.
,Recommended,412450,23899930,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,lowkrawl,Not much to do yet but very promising.  Been running well for me with some bugs but for the most part ok for a pre-alpha game.  World feels totally empty right now but I'm sure that will improve over time.  Looking forward to seeing where they go with it.
76561198051702531,Recommended,412450,24326654,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,BigEye,"Buy it, runs great with lots to do,in game chat makes it feel real."
,Recommended,412450,33934159,Posted: 31 July,all,Turgunx,"interesting gameplay, but its too hard. and need to fix control and combat."
76561198116987972,Recommended,412450,33014395,Posted: 29 June,all,[CSGCr] Ash Williams,My rating for this game is... i guess good!Its grim as hell... and the vibe in the game is awsome i like it... you can almost smell corpses and decay in those lands.Other then the big fluff...1-Fighting system needs a little help.. BOWS just completely sucks... they hit hard but... its a weapon of choice for kills.2-The grouping system is absent... cant group and cant make a group house...3-what do i do in end game? it looks more like a RP game rather then the usual farm farm pile pile all your crap everywere in your house.I just cant wait to see what the game will offer next...
,Recommended,412450,33166207,Posted: 2 July,all,kainen446,"I admit that, having been burned on various EA titles in the past, I didn't buy The Black Death due to all of the negative reviews. I did, however, put it on my watchlist, and I've been checking in on it here and there. During the sale, I began reading the reviews again and saw more positive posts. I decided to give it a go, and I am very glad that I did. This game is pretty awesome so far. It is an EA title, so it does have many bugs. Some more than annoying than others. However, I've spent enough time in the game to know that I will get my money's worth out of it even as it is now. There are pros and cons, and each person needs to know what they are willing to put up with in terms of bugs before buying any EA title. But for me, the cons are vastly shadowed at this point by the pros.+Crafting system is decent, still being fleshed out, but resource quality determining item quality is a nice touch in my opinion+Housing system is interesting, and adds to the immersion+Black Plague is everywhere, mind what you eat and with whom you interact+Community has been mostly helpful and enjoyable, griefers are dealt with harshly by the player-base on my server+Atmosphere is ominous and eerie, as I expect it should be+/-Enemy AI needs work, but I am not calling this a con yet because I am fairly certain it will be addressed in time+/-Professions need balancing, but again not a con yet as I believe it will be addressed+/-Combat needs work, see above-Lag is atrocious, and I am calling this a con as I feel the server crashes and lag issues should really be a priority. Others may disagree, and that is fine, but players can't test the game if the server's are down or if there is so much lag they get frustrated and quit. I will say that the lag is not always an issue, and sometimes the game runs smooth as silk. But I have only experienced that on a few occasions.+/-Bugs. I say this last because, as I mentioned earlier, there are some that  are minor annoyances and then there are some that force a restart. Personally, the bugs I experience are expected in an EA title. But if bugs tend to frustrate you, perhaps waiting would be better and see if the devs make improvements and clear the bugs out. I believe they will, and so I do not regret purchasing the game, especially at the sale price."
76561198073012555,Recommended,412450,24290378,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,warden1221,"Ok im very picky about my games but this one is one of the good one's, People only gave the game bad reviews cuase its an early access and lets face it, Games made early access are meant to stomp out game breaking bugs and to get feedback from the community about what to add/modify/remove, But i think that if you like a MMO based in the middle ages then this game is for you. Right as i write this post it is version 0.07 and i think they've done an excelent job recreating the enviroment and the hardship faced in the medieval times, i especialy love the trading system and would gladly give it 8/10,There are still things that need to be worked out but overal this is a good game to play with your friend/friends."
,Recommended,412450,24290990,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Rip Van Winkle,"Pretty neat early access role playing game with a ton of potential, just getting back into it and am glad to see real progress since I left and came back that is documented and shared by the devs, as well as the addition of neat features alongside UI and gameplay revamps.I think it will be a great game to be along for the ride on, don't know how big it will ever get, but I think that if it gets finished it will easily be the best roleplaying game on the market."
76561198038030827,Recommended,412450,24299849,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,President of Fedex.,"great game idea. simply great. a few things id like to see added: map markers, to know where i am, the game i super large with no fast travel which makes it feel more real. but id love to know where i am or where someone else might be so we can meet up."
,Recommended,412450,24602944,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,かと,"Heres what i think:--Good Think about the game-- :-Open World ;-The Classes ;-The Game Concept ;-Active Devs ;--Bad Things about the Game -- :-Glichs, Crashes, Bugs ;-Bad Combat system ;-Lack of Updates ;But ofc its Alpha its normal to have those problems i recommend buying this game is u love RP and Medieval Games but like i say its still Early Acess and has alot of stuff to get fix.---My Advise--- :1º if ur bored and have nothing to do buy this game its fun and intretain you for a while;2º Wait until the game is fully released and give ur opinion."
,Recommended,412450,24339307,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Phobos88,"MMO Survival during medival Englands Bubonic Plague. Very fun game, Its only v0.07, very alpha, very pretty, lots of updates, I enjoy it and I hope the Devs put my $20 to good use. This could be a gem!"
76561198092750053,Recommended,412450,32577330,Posted: 19 June,all,Dwilson655,good game worth its money recent update is good and updates a frequent
76561198257891685,Recommended,412450,24272312,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,marktob,Very good game not too many bugsit is now very enjoyable
76561198049500533,Recommended,412450,24491388,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,linker0,This game is very interactive i would buy again check out some of my gameplay if you guys want to see more of it without buying!https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC61he3P7x66lHZSTUQ8u__w
,Recommended,412450,33911313,Posted: 30 July,all,Judge,"I have put some time into this game and have a few opinions. Ill start with that i really enjoyed this game. I have played for about 100 hours and want to play more. They just added the new fighting gore mechanic and it is enjoyable. I love the feel and the theme of this game. I would recommend this game, but there are a few things should be mentioned. Yes there is going to be bugs and when more then 15 people are on the server this some lag, but nothing crazy that i have seen. My only issue is end game content. I wish there was just more to do. I like the fact that they keep adding content but coming from other games like ark, rust and life is fuedle your own it does seem to missing content. My final comment is yes this is a good game yes i believe this game should be supported. and yes with lots of work from the devs they could have a huge hit."
76561198006946293,Recommended,412450,24311809,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Kovalent,"I'm really enjoying this game. Combat feels a bit clunky, but I'm sure this is something the devs will be fixing in upcoming patches.  Keep up the good work! :)"
,Recommended,412450,26213785,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BobbyB,This game is a hidden Gem. Great concept. Though there are many things wrong with the game right now. The concept is absolutely amazing. Honestly this game is a roleplayers dream. I am unsure why roleplayers acrossed has not came upon this game. The only downside I see to this game is that it is not Workshopped enabled. That would make the development of this game go faster if it was. Other than that.. I love this game and I dont say that about many steam games.
76561198308998076,Recommended,412450,28395732,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,jrprimeaux89,its a work in progress but it is getting better
,Recommended,412450,23747487,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tallulah,I LOVE the idea of this game.I bought it purely to support the developers.
76561198055693611,Recommended,412450,25490359,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,XXXTREAM TOAST,"I dont really go into EA games so easily unless they have an intresting setting, that being said The Black Death is a cool game that has a lot of promise, but without patch updates its gonna stay just that , promises. Two things bug me the most, 1) the bugs 2) you can avoid the plague easily for a game called The Black Death , leaving the only dangers of dying to bandits or bandit players."
76561197993232687,Not Recommended,412450,33909315,Posted: 30 July,all,wonderlustking4,"100 hours inIt's good not great but good, the class tree is a little strange and sometimes annoying.  Some classes are useless all together as a few other reivews hit on.  There isn't much to do besides unlocking everything in each class and crafting armor and weapons.The housing sysytem is beyond annoying, in my opinion I think every house should have the option to upgrade to a Manor or even further ""maybe that will come later""   to only have 6 or so of these better houses on a server is causing issues as they are not worth having as of yet since if someone wants yours they can take it and all of your stuff is gone and you are now trapped inside of their house when you respawn.Lots of floating objects, Iron ore not working correctly lots of little things that should be fixed after a year in early access.Not to mention the raid areas if you can call them that, which offer nothing worth a damn.   After leveling a few classes and crafting items to sell because you really can't store anything with the chest in your house capping out at 40 items you accumulate a large sum of gold rather quickly so the point of going on an adventure in the Black Gate well was disapointing to say the least when the reward was  2 awful gold bars and awful silver bars on the table and the chest had ♥♥♥♥ all in it.   Even when you kill a bandit the reward is usually crap. The weight of items are terrible and I would like to see the inventory change completely.  Here is just an example of how unbalanced this game is  killing a bandit will get you 10 to 30 gold but will also degrade your sword so after 10 or so bandits you would need to repair your sword which can cost up to 2k gold.The game is just missing something,  i'm not sure exactly what it is but it feels lost as most of the survival games do.  After playing games like The Witcher 3 with so much interaction in each town and on the roads with characters and quests that are actually meaningful this game seems to have interesting ideas and hopefully it in time will be interesting but for now I'd stay away."
76561198122395491,Recommended,412450,34565158,Posted: 28 August,all,Puggington™,Game is great if you want to be rewarded for hard work and time. i persoanlly haven been able toplay because of lowspace but i reccomend it.
76561198218107961,Recommended,412450,32375731,Posted: 12 June,all,Erebor,Really enjoying the game so far. I enjoy the idea of starting off as a beggar and progressing up to a class of your choosing. Just hoping more people get in the game so the multiplayer wheels get rolling!
76561198082324978,Recommended,412450,22648950,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,--{-ZEVA- BriggsWare,"I love the community of this game, it’s awesome to see everyone helping each other out! The team working on the game mustn’t need sleep as they seem to be dropping these updates like crazy, and they do a great job at it!Great job and thanks!"
76561198044506496,Not Recommended,412450,28402135,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Lawyer Morty,"http://steamcharts.com/app/412450Game is dead, Even if you wanted to playe (which i don't recommend) you'd be doing it by yourself."
,Recommended,412450,25681319,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,+ Hero +,"This game is great if you like the medieval gender but is in EARLY ACCES that means is work in progres and if you are going to buy it and then complain for bugs and small content and guive a bad review, is better you wait for the final realize. The black dead world is well done the grafics are crazy good and the art team they have is really good, the classes are also really nice because is not a tipical fighting game, it has a nice economy and trade sistem between classes but also has militia and knight class for the ones that like fighting. Abaut the world, it is big and i think is just the half or less of the one we will see on final realize and has a really decent city and a lot of small towns and castles. The combat is hard to review because is really early state of the game and they have change it a lot of times and is not close to be finished.Another thing, this is a survival game so you have to sorvive against mpc's, other players and the black dead it self. Also for people that like kind of zombie games they will add crazy infected population with the black dead that will be hostile.for now i think this is it. this is a great consept and it has a lot of potential.sorry is my english is not perfect."
76561198015668127,Not Recommended,412450,22534699,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,BIGDOG4,If you intend to purchase this game i would ask you to wait. The game is unplayble right now and fixes seem to come at 0.1 rate !
76561198010819394,Not Recommended,412450,22541131,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Henry Grosmont,"Don't buy it yet. At the very least. I, honestly, don't know what does ""Early Access"" mean anymore.Also, I have no idea where all those ""great game"" reviews come form. There's absolutely nothing to point in that direction and I was waitng for this game and bought it on Steam the moment I could."
76561197971656771,Not Recommended,412450,22525338,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,bloodgrinn,"This game could be good, I see alot of good ground work here, the middle age atmosphere is well done, but the game is full of bugs, I have a hard time even logging on to a server, they took out footsteps  for now so it feels like your audio is glitching.If you have the money to check it out  its sure to be good down the road, if not, now is not the time to pick this up, it would be like moving into a half built house.For that reason I can not recomend this game yet..................yet!I like this game but won t spend much time on it til its finished."
,Not Recommended,412450,22522735,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mortem,"I may refund this game If i do not see any progress by a weeks time from my Purchase.. I have now about 1 hour in to the game..If judged by potential this game skyrockets.. It has settlements, Point of interest all over the place. Economy system and you can see where ever you look that this game is planned and hopefully will be for the players to control. We control who runs what town. Who owns what houses.. Who run what market. 50 slot servers with a 100 slot for the future on a current 8 square kilomter map.. This can and I hope will become awesome.. It follows a class system that has restrictions so your forced to work with players to get what you want and not like in Reign of kings or Life is feudal where all it does it speed up the progress.. No i see this becoming a really good game..BUT!!! AND BUT!! If based on what we have now!! Its hardly worth being called a game.. its maybe a prototype testing phase? Theres a limit to what can be an early access and this is.. WOW!!...I could make a bible sized list of the cons in this game.. But I am going to point out thos that i think ruins the game most currently.1. Combat is clunky as ♥♥♥♥.. You slide all over the place and with only 3 buttons that are both your attack and block? Wait what? You attack and after the attack you leave the weapon on the side of that attack? And can block attacks from that side then? Meaning you have to hit then leave the weapon there and hope the enemy swings from that side?- PLEASE JUST add a mount and blade combat.. 3-4 angle attack and block.. It works..2. Economy is ♥♥♥♥ed.. I thought.. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥a house cost 1000 gold.. Well I got like 20 000 now in on an hour.. You can loot anything on the ground basicly.. But if you loot a trader stand or house etc etc it says stealing.. To bad no one cares or does anything to stop you.. The only time AI guards react is if you attack or draw your weapon on them or another player. I can steal the weapon mercheants sword then sell it back to him for 160 gold like every 2-3 min.. I can buy the entire main town.. Something like that.- FIX this problems.3. World is wierd.. many areas feel out of place or empty.. IT could be worse but I get the feeling some things are just there to litterly fill out a open field or hill they placed with a AUto generator feature.  But that's up for debate and own personal opinion.- Add more Points of views that match with the world and make them for the player so we can use them and interact with them in our gameplay. Somethings you can but so much you can not.4. AI Is♥♥♥♥♥♥. Animals slide as a deer on ice with a fourth july rocket up there♥♥♥♥♥. Bandits dont bother you untile you hit one of them then every bandit around 100m will come and gangbang you.  also they hardly drop anything of worth when you can steal the entire town and sell it back to the people living in it.- You know what to do!! GEt on with it!!5. OUT OF THE BLUE!! Perhaps i did not read to much up on it but this developers came out of nowhere and I am getting a bit of Stomping land feeling where they are playing on allot of hype and showing something that we want only to cash in.. What i base it on? I bought the stomping land and the trailers looked awesome and showed so much.. To bad nothing of that content was in the game and was never put in. This game's trailer show people farming, Interacting with people.. A guy selling fishing rods to people that sell fish back to him etc etc.. Milita fighting and becoming hired.. Well That doesn't happen in the game.. Globla communication is all we got and its normaly filled with SPAM about twitch channels, like you wana watch some guy play the game you just bought to play yourself, Or questions on how things work. .That is fine but no interaction.. And why should they? Why should they buy a sword from me when they can just buy one for 20-100 gold that they got by picking a sword up from the merchant stand and selling it back to hi... Oww you see where i am going?Verdict: It's a dog♥♥♥♥♥♥coverd diamond, Like many other early access games everyone throws out. THIS can be GOOD!!! THIS WILL BE GOOD!! GIVE IT TIME!! And thats true and all.. BUT!! IS IT WORTH IT NOW!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!I think this game will become Awesome. But I wont add a recommend on this before I see some more progress. As I won't MARK IT RECOMMENDED only to fool more people to buying it in hope that it will help it complete it.. I won't lie about the game And I currently don't feel it's a good game.. But I will change this review to recommended when i feel it is.It Is not worth it if you buy it to play it now.. If you wana buy it to show trust and have good faith in the developers and dont care if you would lose 15-20 euro if it went to♥♥♥♥♥♥. LIKE me.. Then go ahead.. but if not!!! DO not buy this game!! I SAY DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!  You will not enjoy it in it's current state for longer then maybe an hour.."
76561198005331009,Not Recommended,412450,22524993,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,IamKayoh,"First steam review I've ever written, so take that for what it's worth.The Black Death is not ready to be in the hands of consumers, particularly for a price tag of 17.99. Early Access and Alpha released survival games have become the norm, but oooh boy, let me tell you about TBD.Once you start the game you're greeted by a series of opening clips for the game developer, publisher etc. The goal of which is to try and destroy as many ear drums as possible. ""That's okay"" you'll think. ""I'll just turn down the volume in the ingame settings"". NOPE.The ♥♥♥♥ing audio settings page is blank. That right there should be enough to tell you that the game is no where near ready to be tested. But if you're brave you'll venture on and try to join a server. Operative word is try. I'm not one to really bash a game for server issues on a launch day. Triple A MMOs get it wrong all the time so I surely don't expect a flawless launch for some indie developer but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's bad. After my 8th (not joking) attempt at joining a server I finally loaded in and started off my life as a peasant.I picked some cotton and made some bandages. Then the server crashed....Fortunately I got in on my first try the next server and repeated the same. Picked some cotton, picked some berries. Made some bandages and ate the berries. Grabbed a stick and crafted it into a pointy stick then spent the next 3 minutes smashing keys to try and figure out how to wield and attack with the pointy stick I just made. Once I had the stick ready to poke things with, I murdered a pig. I don't mean that I went out hunting, I just straight up murdered a ♥♥♥♥ing pig. It just stood there while I stabbed it in the♥♥♥♥♥until it puked up a bunch of viscera on the ground in front of me. After looting the pile of pig innards I had some meat I wanted to cook. No fire, and no way to make fire I ran up a hill towards a castle before I was disconnected and had to reload the game again.Throughout this entire ordeal my friend was opening and closing the game attempting to join the same server as me so we could start our lives off as potato farmers. The UI is pretty, but cumbersome. Buttons can't be remapped and you can't even open a menu with the ESC key (literally the first game I think I've ever played that has NOT had this built in).The graphics are decent but it's far from optimized as you would expect. The sound is buggy. I heard running water in the middle of the woods with no river near by and the crackling of fire when I was standing alone after trying to ""cook"" my pig meat. The combat is janky as there are three different ""stances"" you have to take but it just ends up being obtuse.There is only one reason to purchase the game as it stands, and that's to support the developer. Don't pick this up to even play test it, you'll just get frustrated. I myself am requesting a refund. I have seen too many developers release a game in this half baked state (although I have to say...this is the worst I've ever personally experienced) just to take the money and run. The fact that the video adjustment settings did nothing and there isn't even an audio settings page tells me how unready the devs really are for this early access release.tl;dr: This game is not ready to be considered ""Early Access"" and should have never been put into the hands of the Public. Basic things like audio/video settings or in game menus to quit the game are MISSING.Beware. Reeks of cashgrab."
,Not Recommended,412450,22527100,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Captain Morgan Spiced Cunt,"Okay, let me start off by saying that I supported this game from the start and continued to do so without realizing that they had stolen my money for something less than early access, this♥♥♥♥♥♥was so early that guns in Columbine still had clips in them. This game claims to be early access, it doesn't even have ♥♥♥♥ing audio options (No, really.) and it's only recently added in VOIP which is ridiculous. The developers of this game have seriously destroyed the reputation for Green Man Gaming (Green Man Loaded) because I won't be buying any games associated with them ever again. I stuck by the developers for a while, since I thought they might be able to actually come up with some good content but in the end all they have done is take my money away and Steam refuses to give me a refund (Stupid mugs).TL:DR - ♥♥♥♥ this game, buy ""Life Is Feudal"" it's significantly better than this unpolished turd."
76561198064121353,Not Recommended,412450,26773110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KingSiZe,Great idea yet its still too much green
,Recommended,412450,31578751,Posted: 6 May,all,ScreamingFrancis,"After giving it a bad review, I came back and found a pleasant surprise. UPDATES AND FIXES.8/10 overall idea7/10 actual status"
,Recommended,412450,33049788,Posted: 30 June,all,Zorasin,This game is awesome if you play on your own server. The game is good even if you aren't on your own server but beware of  the players who ruin the game by killing for no reason.
76561198057075005,Recommended,412450,24361844,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Zacholas,"I love the foundation for this game. The systems they have in place work very well together, and have the potential to make a very successful game. However, this game will not take off until three things are built upon. The first is an update to combat. The combat is very rigid, and the animations are extreamly jumpy. This turns many players away from the game. The second is a better introduction for new players. There needs to be a better tutorial or at least servers which grant starter kits so players can get used to the game. There needs to also be a better index on the different areas and potential player actions. The last and final concept is better AI. The NPCs are extreamly glichy and to create a better atmosphere for the game, I would like to see some hardcore NPC battles and actions. Such as a peasent tossing a dead body in a pit due to the plaque.Overall, the game has fantastic potential, and I am going to continue following it heavily. I would most definetly recommend this game, and I see The Black Death becoming extreamly popular in the future if updates continue to be pushed out."
76561198176398599,Recommended,412450,32376784,Posted: 12 June,all,Conus magus,"The future is bright the future is Black Death! 11/10Once again a relatively unknown game that wipes the floor with big name games such as *allout 4, first for early access this game I feel has a lot of playability secondly the devs seem dedicated I don’t think they will just abandon this great project they have started. This is probably and I think I may have said this before going down in my top 3 games of all time, survival, history, atmosphere and realism, RPG, crafting, levelling, male or female playable charter it has it all and its still early access.Just cant wait to see were this game will go, its fantastic, support the devs and buy it now!"
76561198055861717,Recommended,412450,24387864,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,brothers2ya,"not a bad game, looks like it will have great esteem in the future. but for those who want to get it, the game is in extreme alpha right now. not much to do and the combat is a little rough. so please dont base the game off of first glimpse right now. wait for the release."
76561198038688147,Recommended,412450,33255769,Posted: 4 July,all,rjhzero,I absolutely love this game!  I haven't gotten to play much yet but I have a feeling I'll be putting hundreds of hours  into this medieval survival game.  The only two things so far that I personally find annoying about the game are 1.  you get hungry so fast that all my gameplay so far has been trying not to starve to death. 2.  I wish there was a first person camera because looking over my characters shoulder makes it hard to see and is slightly dizzying.
,Recommended,412450,33423106,Posted: 9 July,all,HR|Jester,"Been playing this game for past few days, have put over 20 hours in and i must say this game is not for lazy. I love the grind, the realism of trying to survive in a very harsh time. For those who do not mind putting in a little time to understand, learn and experience a (in my opinion) good survival game, then this is for you. its still very early access, but has a ton of potential. Keep up the great work Devs."
,Recommended,412450,32738891,Posted: 24 June,all,LoneWolf007,"So far its a good game. The AI in the game however is pretty bad. they will stand there and let you shoot at them over and over till they die. They'll sprint at you, then stop and stand there allowing you to kill them.The leveling system with different classes is a really cool concept. Starting out as a beggar and moving up. Only complaint is the beggars ""F"" ability begging for 1 gold is garbage. Anyone needing a good strategy for starting out, first skill point get arrows, 1 wood/stone = 14+ gold, then go for campfire and jam for food, after that it gets pretty easy. Next point should be for a tool, bows sell for 150-200, get 1250 and buy a house, bed, chest, you're set to go.It really sucks you have to suicide to move on to the next unlocked class as you lose the bonus. There are different videos saying you dont have to do this, but I don't have the select hero button any of them are showing so that must be an earlier version."
76561198091601878,Recommended,412450,24290146,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Notorious_Virus,"this game is really good the only thing is we need more people on, give it a shot"
76561198094030257,Recommended,412450,24301728,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bitcoin,its a gud game
,Not Recommended,412450,25108200,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Puddin_TheKrow,"The game lacks any kind of tutorial or guidelines to what you should do, i startet out as a peasent, looted and sold goods. No clue were i could start to farm and build my homested. Walked into a abandonded city and got executed by some NPC's. No clue why i got killed, no clue what i was doing, no clue if im ever coming back. This game sounded fun, but tbh it played like shait!"
76561198120857461,Recommended,412450,24470202,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SirPleb,"So far, it has issues, but amazing potential.The biggest thing they need to fix at the moment is the combat system. Fighting bandits is extremly hard and not very rewarding, they glitch around alot while fighting not allowing you to hit them but in there glitch movement they can still hit you very frequently, causing death usually and then you have to start over.I think as it goes on it will be a very good game, but they do have stuff to focus on."
76561198126424141,Recommended,412450,24696235,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Preotic,game is good but la la bou bacon aint got muscles yet so combat takes years...plz donate muscles peeps!La la bou bacon need it to play this game!
,Recommended,412450,22710209,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,[BCRP] Licky [CM],"Played in the first few days, couldnt even get into a server, idea is good though so thumbs up and cant complain cause early access and such, willing to come back when stable and playable"
76561197990921961,Recommended,412450,32995387,Posted: 29 June,all,TodaysKiller,"So after playing a few hours, I figured I'd change my review up a bit to let others know how good or bad this game is.Pros:1. It's actually fun for an early access game! (which I can't say for a lot of them)2. The Dev's take the time to actually listen and engage the community.3. The player base might not be that large just yet, but the ones who are playing are friendly, communicate, and want to have a good time with everyone else.4. The game is constantly being updated with new content, optimizations, server side optimizations/tweaks, and more!Cons:  (I wouldn't really call these cons, but people would complain if I stated this game was perfect).1. Needs more optimizations (see above)2. Needs more NPC, events, combat polishing (see above)3. Needs more players (see above)Honestly, I might sound like a fan boy, but just the little amount of free time I've had to actually get on and try this game out, it has provided me that ""wow"" feel, there's just something about this game that keeps me coming back, and I look forward to the updates and the content that I know the devs will bring.In short, just buy the game already, the devs have a gem of a game on their hands, and it will only keep getting better!-TodaysKiller"
,Recommended,412450,32412043,Posted: 14 June,all,Cupcake,"I would recommend this game. It needs a LOT of work, but, it is early access so that is to be expected.It is very enjoyable with a unique setting. Apart from being unfinished, the only issue is the lack of players. It would be really nice if people gave this game a chance, especially since it is reasonably priced at £15. I hope the developers add more interaction options with other players and really allow the game to become one big medieval simulator. It would be great to have people using the empty market stalls to sell their wares. Maybe allow players to purchase plague ridden shops in the cities that are then cleared and they can work from.See below for pros and cons:-Good things about the game:- It really feels like you're in the feudal age. It can be a bit  gruelling to collect items, but eventually you feel the pay off.- It has lots of great opportunities for player interaction and cooperation, more than just the usual banditry in othergames, thanks to the safe haven cities. People can still commit crime, but expect nearby guards to attack unless you'recareful.- The bounty system is fantastic. The fact that criminal players can be killed for money means that someone couldactively become a bounty hunter in game.Issues in the current build, as of 14/6/2017:- Night time is unbearable. It lasts for ages and is pitch black so you can't see anything.- Night time is really not needed. Whilst 'realistic', it is certainly not fun and adds little in the way of gameplay.- Hunger and Thirst should really be less frequent. With rapidly changing days and nights, you find most of your time isspent just having to gather food. Fishing is fun. Fishing constantly is not.- Durability is too quick. Food crumbles in your hands and makes adventuring more chore than fun. Pick axes and otheritems break constantly, which goes against the 'realistic' theme of the game.- Lighting is currently broken except for the torch. No lighting or fireplace produces any actual light."
,Recommended,412450,23764018,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,toomm,ALRIGHT! Server issues corrected. slight lack of content but it is early access. Support the devs guys!
76561198057203085,Recommended,412450,24327651,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Winston Smith,"This game is very early access. Maybe its not worth much playing right now, but it is getting regular, significant updates. Keep an eye on it, and ignore the score. This is a hell of a game in the making."
,Recommended,412450,31650408,Posted: 9 May,all,Chunky P,"This game has a lot of potential, but it has a way to go.Buy it if you want to help support the dev."
76561198138777714,Recommended,412450,32382343,Posted: 13 June,all,Waffles™,"I picked this game up very early in its release played for a bit after becoming addicted, i reached the point of annoyance beyond reason after all the glitches and easy exploits made the game simply to easy. I was looking at the games in my steam library about a week ago and noticed that the game had just posted a new update so i decided to check up on its progress, The shock that awaited me was truly breathtaking. The game has made leaps and bounds since its initial release a person who played it in its earliar stages wouldent even reconize it as the same game now. Dont get me wrong the game is far from perfect and still has quite a few issues and glitchy mechanics due to a small dev team. However the devs are owed a massive amount of complement when it comes to this game. The initial rocky release left a lot of early players with a bad taste in the mouth when the first few versions were almost deemed unplayable due to the terrible a.i and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat due to a very laggy engine. Thats the reason the game struggles for players is it has a small loyal fan basis,The players that reconized the potential and stuck around to see what the devs had hidden. Buying this game will suffer you no mistake its very fun and its no where close to being done. The devs are still hard at work fixing glitches and adding more content. The game is early access and you have to know that before buying and dont expect perfection. but trust me based on what i've seen the devs are only just getting started and im personally excited for whats in store."
,Recommended,412450,24277715,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Zuzzy,"Hopped in, got killed by a bucket helmeted man.Had a few minor visual bugs but they were easily fixedOverall a super promising game i really hope they dont abandon it."
76561198054635175,Recommended,412450,24282028,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,HoovySandvichMan,"Dear devs and or/players:what we have here is a master piece in making, what you need to do and i hope that you know it too, is to add content, sharpen the graphics to look good on a ""not so new"" gaming pc, but i hope that you know this already, dont take this as foul critisism, but as a gentle push towards the right direction. This game really has the potential to become one of the greatest medieval mmos.Like i above stated, more content, smoother graphics and you need someone to give you a ""shot"" of popularity, once you have the game set in a mannor that would advertise it to its full potential, i'm not saying that ""its not good as is"" but once you get the game to look,feel and sound smoother, then is the true time to get some real popularity, i hope that in the future we can look at this 0.07 alpha build and say "" this is where it all began""i never usually play early access, but once i read some of the rewievs this got, i just had to have it.With best regards and high hopes for the future yours trulyDoomGuyAnd some day i hope to see the 1.0v, but it is not a rush to get there, take all the time you need, bacause it is quality over quantity, you can pump the game full of poorly made content, but that is just bad for the game, refine everything to the max, before adding it to the game, and dont worry, bugs are a part of game development, if they happen, im sure that most of us early access players will be more than eager to help you fix them."
76561198054617656,Recommended,412450,24267411,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,kid Charlamagne,"good graphics, seems like it will be really cool if it continues to be patched."
76561197979904532,Not Recommended,412450,26303262,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PapaShango,"In it's current state this game is not playable, tons of bugs, sync issue's and really bad FPS at times on low settings...in fact the FPS was the same from low to high...its just the game itself.It has potential but give it another 6 months to see if they can bring anything to it...its a bloody mess atm, stay away unless you support the development of the idea...because its not enjoyable atm."
76561198033508403,Recommended,412450,31010272,Posted: 7 April,all,denbaron,Played the game when it first came out big inprovements since
76561198339697669,Recommended,412450,29635366,Posted: 1 February,all,DT Destroyer,"I have been playing this game  for around 7 hours in total now & although it has its flaws i cant help but like it! The game does feel like an empty shell of a world at the moment & i really do hope clarity & depth can be added into the game soon. My main gripe is the combat system, there does not seem to be any skill or quality to it at all! That aside i cannot stop playing it! However I do feel like I am searching for something that isnt going to happen any time soon! Roll on the next patch come on Devs!!!"
76561198255035377,Recommended,412450,34448437,Posted: 23 August,all,Fre$h A,"One should not have to start all over when they are playing on a different server. The player should be able to join any server and still have what they achieved. Overall the game is great though, keep up the great job!"
,Recommended,412450,26046367,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kapitein Kansloos,"The Black Death EA ReviewDisclaimer: I am a Community Admin and QA tester for the game, this clearly means I like the game but does not mean I will tell you everything about it is super awesome. If you feel like a review from someone who is “involved” with the game will make things look better than they are you might as well stop reading.EA, hate it, love it or ignore it.The game is not finished, it will have bugs and glitches but also opportunities for you to influence the development through feedback and suggestions.So what does the game in its current state offer?8 classes with their own extensive skill treeFocused on combat, crafting, surviving or other useful tricks, each class will offer a different experience and play styleA solid, easy to understand crafting systemA good sized world with lots to see.From small farming communities, towns and castles to plagued strongholds, caves filled with corpses and bandit outposts something new can be found all over the map. If you like exploring you can spend a good amount of time doing just that. Just don’t forget to pack some food and a weapon!Role playingAlways wanted to be a filthy beggar and annoy people till they give you money? Want to be a monk who goes around curing the sick or forces unwilling peasants to take drugs? The choice is yours!A friendly community and devs who openly talk about the gameShould not be something special but it seems to be a rare thing lately.So when should you not buy the game (yet)?If you instantly get attached to your character, gear or progress you might want to wait a bitThere are still some bugs than can cause items to vanish, guard ai is a work in progress so a thief might come and take your hard earned loot or just murder you.You want a bug free, finished game you can play for 100 hours without a single crashThere are bugs. Some minor ones, some big ones. New systems and changes are being added constantly which might bring new ones while existing ones get fixed. If bugs♥♥♥♥♥♥you of big time either wait or buy the game to support the team and speed up development.You have a hard time creating your own storyThere are no quests, no tutorial and there is no “end-game” yet. While you can do a lot, you will need to figure it out yourself.ConclusionOverall the game is in a playable state with enough to do to keep you busy for a good while. As per community vote we can expect frequent “smaller” patches with fixes and content. If you like the concept of the game and understand that it’s a work in progress then you should definitely get the game and try it out. P.S Bring your friends, having multiple classes play together makes things a lot easier!"
76561198011057314,Recommended,412450,22580208,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,madmafia15,Still alot of bugs to be fixed but the concept and ideas behind this game has great potential. Look forward to coming updates.
76561198121203176,Not Recommended,412450,34510275,Posted: 26 August,all,Splash Gordon,"game plays like conan: exiles. beautiful concept and the ambience is excellent. really shouldve given it a little more time (cause i was jonesing for that sexy knight gear) but decided it wasnt worth it. servers are garbage. almost a non existent playerbase but that shouldnt tell you how well your game is doing. devs, finish this game up. fix the combat, get some better servers, and eliminate the grind aspect, after 2 hours of gameplay you definitely shouldnt be a beggar. its not fun especially with things being as clunky as they are. maybe another time, maybe in a year or 2 ill play it but for now, nah.6/10 would definitely plague again, just not in alpha."
76561198060395742,Not Recommended,412450,25470487,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Trump Is Love,Should in no way be in EA yet.
76561198378817740,Not Recommended,412450,33067608,Posted: 30 June,all,✪ Social Injustice Warrior,"I honestly think those recent possitive reviews are fake . i've been following this game for a while now but it had such awful reviews i didnt want to waste the money to buy it . recently i noticed it was getting extremely possitive reviews and it was on sale so i decided to give it a try .i can not recommend this game . it is extremely buggy , laggy , the graphics are awful , you literally cant see anyone at night . theres a handfull of servers with maybe 10-15 people on each one . the graphics are just ugly to look at . honestly its just bad."
76561198014311412,Not Recommended,412450,26614624,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,RustyFetus,The main issue I have with this game is the splitting of servers into a 50 player maximum.
76561198069687197,Not Recommended,412450,22640238,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,DarkMotron,"The game has alot of potential and i mean alot but currently it is choppy lacks content 3 crashs in an hour of playtime and few players.i hope this game really does become something great and when it does ill rebuy it but for now im gonna refund it.it makes me feel bad because id love to support the game and it is fun it just isnt all their yet and is missing a few too many features that will hopefully come to the game soon,"
,Not Recommended,412450,34470661,Posted: 24 August,all,トゴスミ,noone plays so it makes it hard to  have fun and interact with people the same way i do in rust or any other openworld multiplayer survival game. once its easier to do that i'll play more
76561197998763388,Not Recommended,412450,22639661,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Monk,"I wish I could play the game, but crashing before my toon even enters the world.  Seriously Elder Scrolls Online crashes less than this game.  I believe it will be a fun game, but they should not release games that dont even have  the game at a stage where the player is able to pound the keyboard to move a toon.  Glitches we can work with... but No game play seriously???  WHAT THE HELL!"
76561198121057232,Not Recommended,412450,29914521,Posted: 13 February,all,A(E)Hopsin101,"One of the worse EA games I have ever played.And trust me, I have played a lot of them."
76561198143877248,Not Recommended,412450,22540364,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Avengerous Da Boss,when ever u die or get off and get back on you lose all your progress
76561198019368721,Not Recommended,412450,22533813,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Grime,"At this point i cant play this game, if i try to loot some thing it crash he game, if this game is of interest to you try to wait a week or two to see if they can fix some of the bug`s that make this game impossible to play at least for me."
,Not Recommended,412450,22523379,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Lee334,"For me the game is an endless struggle of trying to join a server then restarting the game. I don't care if it's early access. This game in its current state is a pile of garbage. The little time I did get to play involved me walking around picking berries and cotton. There's way too many games hiding behind the excuse of ""well it's ealry access"" and this is another one of them.I'm so glad steam does refunds now."
,Not Recommended,412450,22537841,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,👉RaZ👈,"Save your money, folks.Come back in 4 months.2.5/10"
76561198140034702,Recommended,412450,22573189,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Leroy,"It looks like it going to be a great game, if you want to take part in bringing this game to life its for you,but if you want to cry about all the bugs and problems dont buy it, wait a while its going to continue to get better, but for now they need people who are willing to help fint the problems. Dev's keep up the good work."
,Not Recommended,412450,22525456,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Demonic,Game is not playable.  Don't buy yet unless you wish to donate to the devs.
76561198079247208,Recommended,412450,24602228,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lucki [☭],"Game is pretty damn good! A bit raw (but ey its alpha), has lots of potentials!!!! Game itself is really fun to play, waiting for my friend to join in with me (the more the better). Really hope the devs will birng the game to where its deserves to be!! :)"
,Recommended,412450,24727560,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Danghoul,"This game is quite the interesting one. You get to choose between some classes and you're plopped into a random location in an unforgiving, medieval world. Although I don't have too many hours sunk into this game,I like a lot of things about this game. However there are some things I don't like about this game but let's dive into the positives first.+Pros-There are a lot of helpful and friendly people in this game, and the people on the server are usually communicating with eachother.-It's a very pretty game.-There are many diverse locations and areas to find yourself exploring in a pretty large map.-You need to find your own way, or ask for assistance while exploring. Even if you know the map, not everything is just laid right out for you.-The weight system is reasonably fair.-There are interesting ways to play with the different skills you can take.-The Devs seem like they actually care about this game.-The plague looming over your head is an interesting conceptMost of the negatives are just because it's an Alpha game so bear with me.-The combat at this point in time is in the nicest possible way, atrocious.-(This one is more personal) You spawn in at very little hunger and most of the food around you is rotting.-The peasant class is a bit overpowered  with the amount of wheat they can create.-With good people there are also bad people who start nonsense factions, hole up in the Capitol, and kill you if you go near them.-It's playable without friends but would be much better with them.All in all it's definitely worth the value of $20. That's all I've got folks, since I've only got like 6 hours in the game, I'll update it more as I play more though. Thanks for the read friends, and if you'd like me to elaborate on something let me know!Bye"
,Recommended,412450,24288801,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Wolfie_Mcgee,"needs to be more populated- npc , animals, and gathering supplies like berries cotton. The combat system needs to be more responcive sometimes you would be in a fight and wont swing your weapon- the crafting system needs a drag and drop early access is just that early acess but it a good start so far"
,Recommended,412450,25058995,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Trippie,"Honestly, the concept of this game is amazing. The only problems I have with it right now is that it could be optimized a bit more, animations for walking, interaction, combat, etc. need a bit more attention, and a little bit more explanation on how to play the game itself. I eventually learned certain things about the game and I am pretty hyped on what this game's potential is. As long as the devs keep on working on the game and improving, than this game will have no problem becoming people's favorite game."
,Recommended,412450,24520344,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,JesseSchooly,ok well my last review on the game was bad because when i got it the game wouldnt even start so i refunded the game was then i found out i just had to uppdate my drivers and that was the problem so i havent played the game because i refunded it but im giving a thumbs up because the devoplers are really working on it and they helped me with my problem (will buy this game when sp comes out) and the game looks really good and i cant wait for sp and the devoplers are very good with helping ppl with their problems so this deserves a thumbs up
76561198108804825,Recommended,412450,33918200,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr Green,great game i like the way the game feels and im drinking 2 go milk
76561198092332873,Recommended,412450,28383169,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[FeAsT] Count Chubby Landshark,"Life 1: Spawned next to a bandit. Instant death.Life 2: Died from another bandit, and low frame rates.Life 3: Scavenged some place, when leaving said place I found another player with a helmet and a sword, I shared some of my findings with him and we exchanged greetings, and then continued on.Three minutes later, said player hunted me down and murdered me for the rest of my food10/10"
,Not Recommended,412450,22564349,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Highest Anxiety,Don't recommend getting this game right now. Can't even stay in a server for more then 5-10 minutes at a time.
,Recommended,412450,22624256,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,VDG,"Relax. It's build v0.02. It's Early Access. It's the most stripped down version of the game you're likely ever to see - but what I see, I like. There's permadeath. The skill trees are simple but very EASY to get the skill points to reach. If you die - it won't take THAT long to regain those skills. In under an hour I gained 12 skill levels and filled out most of the skill branches.Housing has potential. PvP will make things interesting - as will the player economy.All in good time.However - it's v0.02. It's just beginning and I expect a lot more feature to make their way in over the coming year."
,Recommended,412450,22716406,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Yohi Mitsu,"Now I know I don't have much time in it but from what I experienced I can tell you the game isn't entirely there. I purchased the game as soon as it hit Steam, being a big fan of medieval roleplaying and the concept the game is portraying. And was actually pretty disapointed with the lack of gameplay. I don't like how the company released the game so early and with so little content, but I do understand it is Early Access. I want to support this game because there is tons of potential and I believe it will live up to it's potential in time. But right now I can honestly say, don't purchase if you want to play it right now, purchase it to support the company, help them improve the game. I will return later when there is much much more content to the game but as of now I am taking a hiatus from it. Support this game, help make it something great guys, the company is counting on us and we're counting on them."
76561198010242589,Recommended,412450,32462893,Posted: 15 June,all,Clashis,I recommend this game its alot of fun and pretty easy to get a handle on
,Recommended,412450,24432712,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cowbarn,"Listen, now I know early access games get a lot of bad rep, but how many can say that they have a good MMO style Survival RPG? I know there are a lot of great early access survival games out there (DayZ, Ark: Surival Evolved, Empyrion: Galactic Survival, The Forest, and Project Zomboid just to name a few of my favs), and I have always wanted one that wasn't zombie themed or NPC enemy themed(Ark, or Forest). This game is that. Sure its buggy, but the game has a Trello that changes and the devs are clearly still working hard on it. You may not get it now, but put it on your wishlist, and buy it on a sale. It is worth it now (with friends) and definitely has potential to be worth it in the long run provided they finish it."
76561198026095671,Not Recommended,412450,22528150,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,S M A L L F R Y,If you live in Australia this game isn't for youOn top of that I can't even join a ♥♥♥♥ing server...I get that it's early access but damn.Can't even join a server.4/20/2016
,Recommended,412450,22636716,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mouflon,"I rarely make reviews but seeing all of the negative reviews made me want to.People who are leaving negative reviews are mad becuase it is an alpha game, they were expecting a finnished game which to me when if you have been following the game's progress like me, you would know that the game was ment to be realeased in alpha and what I have to say to the people leaving negative reviews, If you want to play a finnished game simmiler to this play Reign of Kings, but if you want to play something that will be better as long as we show it support and  buy the game, even if it is just to support the dev's, then get this game."
76561198020322424,Recommended,412450,33976736,Posted: 2 August,all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,Worth getting sick over.
,Recommended,412450,24359592,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,dougnessification,"Amazing game, immersive and fun but also challenging, Runs incredibly and looks amazing for an early access game. SHows true potential to be one of the best! I recommend that everyone tries this game as it isnt like any other and i have already spent many hours being sucked into the roleplaying gameplay."
,Not Recommended,412450,22538402,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,FrostCrown,just try to have fun with this gameand i can'tif u like roll play this is gonna be good <this is my first think of this game>i hope when full game release i will take a look this game againfor now refound is my best choice
76561198080275453,Recommended,412450,22662625,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Giggles,"I decided to wait for their first major update before i reviewed the game, that being said I am now decently impressed with the update since it addressed a large amount of my concerns.If i was to write a review  before April 26th, I ensure you this would be very negative. Since the game was practically unplayable in almost every aspect.Review:I really enjoy the concept of the game. Being in midevil Europe is just a great start to being with.Walking around forging for food and supplies gives it a decent survival feel.At one point myself and a friend were being stalked by some militia character and well we decided to end his wretched life, well i ended up getting stabbed due to indirect friendly attacks, and i noticed i was bleeding and out of bandages and no cotton in sight. I was rushing around looking for cotton  and ended up at less than 3% health remaining. Finally found 1 cotton plant and stopped the bleeding, During this instance i really felt the Survival aspect of the game. Bleeding out and unable to stop the bleeding while my life slowly drains away gave that 'O♥♥♥♥♥♥"" moment i crave. I feel this game is pretty promising , being early release and still buggy well thats an issue but it is early release and they have done alot of work to the game, yes there is still alot to do but the developers seem to be working hard since they were able to put out a HUGE update 1 week after release so i beleive there is alot of potential and i would recommend more people coming on board, if you refunded this game then i would suggest buying it back cause i have faith that the developers will be adding soo much more to this game in the upcoming months."
76561198079347889,Recommended,412450,32339837,Posted: 11 June,all,Lady of the Woods,really good but it needs a Witch class
76561198251323670,Recommended,412450,31100050,Posted: 12 April,all,Cap,Great game great fun hard as hell to start off and the game devs are amazing
,Not Recommended,412450,24277962,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NeoMetric,The game is absolutely trash. All their trailers etc don't match up at all to their actual in-game content. I wouldn't recommend buying this game until well after release and it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,412450,26002597,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,FixTheBloodyGame,"I bought this game a while ago and it really showed potential and was fairly enjoyable. I just loaded it up and whilst they have updated it a lot, the game seems to be a buggy, laggy, low performance mess. The videos that are shown on the store page are nothing like the actual game and until they fix these issues, there is no point playing. It used to be responsive and fun, now it is buggy and a waste of time."
76561198002728071,Recommended,412450,28171955,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Balrôg,The Black Death has a lot of potential considering it's still an alpha version; i certainly recommend it. For the time being i give a 6 or 7/10. That would be just for now. This will change though once the game will roll full.
,Not Recommended,412450,30860274,Posted: 31 March,all,Borgar,"At this point of time, dont buy this game. It will get ridiculously boring after about 10 minutes because of the lack of things to do.Game is also extremely dead, and there are  numerous bugs which haven't been fixed."
,Recommended,412450,30904435,Posted: 2 April,all,YaBoyyDeej,it is good gameis boring at sometimes but gets better the longer you stay alive
76561197995407699,Not Recommended,412450,31138701,Posted: 14 April,all,Krull,"Buy on Release, if it ever makes it that far."
76561198105061653,Recommended,412450,31906262,Posted: 22 May,all,GetThatBeast,My first day:-spawned in-tried to find some item or gold-a thief slashed me in the back and I died10/10
76561198052643069,Not Recommended,412450,33424134,Posted: 10 July,all,RecluseVulture,No one plays this anymore basically just npcs and glitchy fighting cant buy a house becuase they are all bought out by the first players and have to be broken into but that ammount of effort its dumb when no one plays
76561198145296281,Not Recommended,412450,25434647,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,OnlineOne,"I bought this game expecting an awesome medieval RPG, like the trailers showed us.  However, they left out the lack of NPC's, places to go, people to play with and things to do.  I understand that this game is in early access, but I wouldn't buy it until it's released, IF it's good."
,Recommended,412450,28164648,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chickenbomb,"This is a very good game with a lot of potential, I can see it going to great places, and the devs are very comitted to making it the best game it can possibly be. The only major issue I have run into so far (and it is a very frustrating one) is the lag that is mentioned in the other reviews. You don't notice it just running around but when trying combat or trying to craft  it can get in the way quite a bit. I hope that the issue is fixed soon.UPDATE: The lag issue is not a problem on the EU servers, and after speaking in the discord I have found out they are working on the NA server lag. If you are looking for a perfect game, then wait until this game is fully finished. It is in Alpha still, so that is something to keep in mind. This game is an investment more than anything."
76561198255160117,Not Recommended,412450,29402250,Posted: 21 January,all,Cassie,"BD I have had this game for awhile and really haven't seen very many changes, yes they added more classes, but not the features that are needed to play and completely understand the game, the game very confusing  you have no clue as to where you start, how you get started etc..  you have bandits and other players killing you. And the female characters look like men. eww. So as of now I will have to down vote BD and I will change my raiting as the game progresses."
,Recommended,412450,30907657,Posted: 2 April,all,Ramy,"Has tons of potential but needs a lot of work, be patient with the game due to it having such a small dev team."
,Not Recommended,412450,31059842,Posted: 10 April,all,LuRiK,"When I try to get into the server the game does not work, freezes, nothing else works and I have to force a shutdown... :("
76561197984985614,Not Recommended,412450,31105164,Posted: 12 April,all,bodil,DOA. Has about 10 people playing primetime.
,Not Recommended,412450,33986865,Posted: 3 August,all,Nox,"Interesting and dismal presentation of the middle ages.  Intended to be pvp.Fraught with some serious and deep design misconceptions and missteps.  I say give it  6 months and then see if they have corrected those, and even then it has so much stiff competition from other games that are already doing it better that it's an outside chance."
,Not Recommended,412450,23209903,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,armymdic,"Just look at the steam charts of the average player count...19.....that tells you all you need to know about this game. Had potential, neat concept but weak release and slow, slow, slow development (and by slow I mean completely absent). Save your money, this will never leave early access."
76561198127174869,Not Recommended,412450,22541506,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,chacaldelenfer,"I understand that the game is in early access, but the game crashes constantly and ALSO the servers are very unstable. It's hard to settle down and start something with your character. For these reasons I can't recommend the game . However, the game has potential and I will follow his development."
,Recommended,412450,25655448,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DRARIX,"The concept of the Game is Brilliant, it is and Alpha Early Access so expect some Bugs, in light of my Earlier half asleep attempt at a Review I have Restarted while wide awake, lol. I will Try this again at a Future Point.I am giving this a Thumbs up for its Concept, not its current developement, still needs lots of work but the Devs are listening to Feedback."
,Not Recommended,412450,22546947,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Deathfather,"No dedicated serversNo level systemNo character creationDO NOT BUY: Game is unplayable almost on my I7-6700k with GTX 1070 8GB, 32 GB DDR4 ram system, using a ram drive. 35-40 fps tops.I will change this review when above features are implimented. They should not have even released this for early access in the current condition. My hair is clipping through my pre generated characters head. No one wants to play as a generated character. WTF were you thinking."
76561198059289558,Not Recommended,412450,22564997,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,BodeN,"The problem with this game is not just the fact almost none of the features work as intended, its also that even if everything did work, it would still be boring.Needed a way bigger world and better combat mechanics to have any sort of potential"
76561197974315887,Recommended,412450,24051304,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yurizle,Hopefully it wont be abandoned and be patched up in the future but doubt it.
76561198172437546,Not Recommended,412450,24653832,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,jayman,I feel bad for putting crap on the game on early access but the only complaint that i have is that the loading times  can last a very long time (in fact the 39 minutes of recorded gameplay from me is all loading times) so please make a update for this or bring back quickplay
,Not Recommended,412450,25524915,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,FezMan,"Cons:Bad fps, boring gameplay.Pros:Uninstall works.Although 20 minutes of gameplay isnt enough to review, this game just sucks"
,Recommended,412450,22653760,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TootingBarbs,"Great Game Worth The Dough ,Devs Seem to really care about this project so i mean gota love that obv some bugs lar like a lot of bugs but saying that theres alot less even just a week later so keep up the good work lads.GGATWAKIND REGARDSTootingbarbsbiggest wood cutter in the bis i dont ♥♥♥♥ wid kids unless ya like getting ♥♥♥♥ed wid ya get me *wink* *wink*shout out to me boys catman robbie motz and yorkie dave and my soul mate kassandra ya know who ya is peace in the middle east ♥♥♥♥ dem sander suckers tho get me raaaaar."
,Recommended,412450,22581356,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Voidtalon,Died from starvation i rate a solid 2/69
76561198066592021,Recommended,412450,22644732,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,[82DK] Malius,"I'm going to skip past all the circle-jerking going on in these review sections and get right to the point. This game is amazing and i'm being very serious. It has an amazing theme. It basically screams out RPG to those who have the patience for it (more on this in a sec). Its very very alppha but thats ok as long as the devs continue like I think they are continuing the RPG community will have another fantastic world to geek out in. Now on to the impatience part. This game is not for little children nor any one who suffers from a major ADD disorder and by that i mean someone who scream out this after slaughtering the entire server.... (LOL GET REKT SKRUBMEMES, THIS GAME SUCKS YOU ALL ARE LOSERS!!!). If you are that type of person DO NOT buy this game before growing up and learning basic english and grammar skills.This game is for a sorta dumbed down D&D type of nerd. You can Role Play if you wanted to ( which will be this games major point and is probly why so many people are rating it down because1.) They are either too impatient to enjoy countless hours of being a improptu village lord or cell guard   or2.) They're just not into that type of stuff and are trying to warn other people. I LOVE RPG style games so I will support this game to its fullest and those of you who are interested in it I need to say wait maybe a week or two after purchase then come back and see what it has too offer at a more stable period. Don't just down vote it because you lagged out on your potatoe or you got stuck in a tree and had to restart. This game literally just came out. Also have you ever tried coding? If you haven't imaginge your video editing a entire days worth of footage then times that by a 100 and then check to see if your math skill is at 100. If all those following requirments have been meet then you may have the liberty to down vote this game only after playing about an hour with your TS mates.P.S. All this whinning and here I am thinking we were the PC master race. At this rate we will be worse than someone just getting introduce to COD on xbox 360..."
76561198009031037,Not Recommended,412450,29022290,Posted: 4 January,all,Hanjee (SoH),"Dear developers of The Black Death,Although I appreciate the interesting idea of bringing us a world that is in the times of one of Europes most catastrophic events, the game itself is just a shell of what a developer should invision the world to be once completed. With not even an hour into the game, I was able understand how hollow the world was and still is today. Now, the world being empty is not the most important crticism to take part in this review. This was an obvious observation any player with enough experience in survival games in the market today that have recieved a solid folloiwng would have have noticed.I commend you all for communicating to the players/potential players through dev blogs, patch notes, and videos. I think communicating ideas, future plans, and the direction you are going in with the game shows that you care about the players who have invested in your game in hopes it will become something we can all enjoy. However, players who invest in Early Access games ultimately need a game that is already in a status that has functional game elements that is of a survival game. You may argue that there are functional game elements, but please do not insult our intelligence any further and admit that, to obtain further funding for development, you released this shell of a game that is barely considerable as a pre-alpha.Rather then get defensive, please understand that the animations for both NPCs and playable characters lack fluid animation for any action in the game. This lack of fluidity includes a very poor combat system that has attempted to mimic such that of ""Of Kings and Men"" and other titles like For Honor as we have seen in their test releases. Now this has been removed and has been left with a simple delayed reaction with movements that look like I'm experiencing multiple spikes in latency through the swings of weapons. Walking/Running animations are also rigid and it reminds me of browser runescape. If you will claim that the animations are done this way on purpose to imitate a nostalgic feeling of how runescape was then you sure have crushed my hope and possibly for many others who expected it to be better. Now to avoid distraction of point, I'm not saying ""Of Kings and Men"" have amazing animations, nor do I expect this game to be on par with ""For Honor"" since I would assume you all have less resources then those developing a triple A game. There are more issues but I think you get my point.Now my advise is to be open and honest to your remaining community that the game did not deserve to be in Early Access in the current state, but that you are humbled and honored to have the opportunity to. In addition, as a wakeup call, buckle down and stop focusing on gaining public recognition and rather develop the game to a state that is proper and deserving of an individuals $20.00. Those who have invested already deserve this much. This is not a suggestion that you should immediately provide stunning gameplay, innovated story line, and unparred environment. This is a suggestion that you should focus aspects that really matter in a game. These are not public recognition, nor dev blogs, and certainly not more items and skins.Please start forming an ETA and set goals to create fully functional and fluid animations that are a core part of a character controlled third person game. A medieval survival game that introduces combat should have a stable and enjoyable combat system that once in early access, gain feedback from players to tweak certain aspects instead of developing it as people find unplayable situations and mechanics. I can not stress how important these couple tings are to a surivival game. There is no excuse for the current state the game is in.In conclusion, I am writing in hopes of a better future and quick turn around for this game as I have too invested my money to see this game succeed. If you do not fully understand why it has to be quick I implore you to check great extensive reviews, although thumbs down, that have fully explained the problems with prolonged development in particular of factors becoming outdated in other titles like ""The Long Dark.""I hope the best for you all and a small note for consumers: I truly can not recommend a purchase of this game in all fairness to those who value their $20.00. Early Access is not a place to fund development of games, it is a place to help test and further support development once the game is ready in a fully functional ALPHA stage. The developers should have funds already in place to develop the game to Alpha stage. If they do not, then this is in poor practice and should suffer consequences. The game steam page should not advertise this as a fantastic experience when the game struggles to maintain an concurrent active player base with a stream of negative reviews.Godspeed development team and if you can't match that speed then may the Black Death rest in peace."
76561198143560388,Recommended,412450,30964154,Posted: 5 April,all,Horn Drinker,"This game has a lot of potential, I love the way your character evolves and the different professions you can choose from. Not to mention the spooky ""plague"" atmosphere \m/ Still some work to do and updates to be made but hell it's early access!"
,Not Recommended,412450,33943617,Posted: 1 August,all,Bedil_Juling,"I noticed a lot negative review, but I also noticed alot of poistive review so decided to try it since I notice even if it still in early acces, its already over a year since it released which by my opinion should already be nice and atleast fun. But after a hour play it I must say I was dissapointed with the result. The animation looks awkward, the fight feels ridiculous and my character looks more terrifying than any zombie in survival game I played and what make it worst is I'm not even dead yet.So after a short time walking around in the game trying to find a shelter, I  found a bandit, so I decided to fight him because I want to know how the fight system works, (which later on of course I dissapointed) at that time I was using a torch which I though I can also use it as a melee weapon, since my Character is holding a torch like the way people holding a melee weapon, turn out a I cannot attack using a torch, seams the Dev doesn't make a reassonable pose and animation of character holding a torch, So I swapt it with an  ""AWFUL WOODEN STICK"" as a weapon since by that time this is the only weapon my character can come up with. Turn out I destroyed the bandit, When he died I noticed that I have mutilated him, The head is off the torso split into two and the hand cut off. I did all that with a single lousy Awful wooden stick? than why do I need a sword for? This awful stick is strong as a cannonSo my opinion is after a year pass since the Early Access stage released, the progress of the game development doesn't look good. Maybe later on after another 3 or 5 years the game looks nice, I may consider to buy it again, but for now I will ask for refund."
76561198272007732,Recommended,412450,29577103,Posted: 29 January,all,TheGuyNamedKade,"I watched it on youtube and it looked awesome, so I went out got a steam card and bought it. I was actually very hyped to play it after waiting so long. So I start it up for the first time, only I noticed something was off, there were no players on any of the servers. I was a bit worried but did not think much of it at the time. I tried to join the first server but it would not load it just said player_state_1 over a black screen, however I could still select play, quit and options, news and videos from the previous screen where you select play, I just could not see them do to the black screen. So I restarted steam and got back on the game, I tried to join a diffrent server but the same thing happened, so at this point I decided to restart my pc(even though it can run rust on the highest settings). So i got back on the game and tried a diffrent server AGAIN but the same thing happened. Luckily i was able to get a refund from steam, but i'm really sad I could not play what looked like an awesome game. Let me know if anyone else had the same experience with this game."
,Not Recommended,412450,33107327,Posted: 1 July,all,iamRyanYoung,"Boring, no clear direction of what you're supposed to be doing, same NPC's that let you walk right by will start chasing you the next time walking by even if you've done nothing.. Spent most of my hour of playing ""begging"" for money just so I could buy an apple in hopes that I wouldn't starve, still starved. Requested refund after an hour"
,Not Recommended,412450,34156678,Posted: 10 August,all,Spedunkle,"dont recommend even with friends right now, maybe after a good few updates."
,Not Recommended,412450,29412410,Posted: 21 January,all,Darkdied,"Can't even run this on my new gaming computer, it tells me to install ""Microsoft Visual C+ + 2015 Runtime"" i installed it, then tired it again, it tells me to install it again, when I clicked ok AGAIN the only option you ge to to UNINSTALL ""Microsoft Visual C+ + 2015 Runtime""!"
76561198219832505,Recommended,412450,29576717,Posted: 29 January,all,Wolpertinger,"The concept of this game is really great, a medieval survival mmo with real potential. Keep in mind it is in Alpha at the moment and it is prone to have lots of bugs, as seen in the negative reviews... The Devs are slowly making progress and I have high hopes for its final product.Tips for beginners: lock your doors to your property, I wonder around the capital city only to find a couple of houses with doors unlocked with goods just waiting to be taken by a thief. Also, avoid combat if you see a bandit running towards you and you only wield a stick...I have only tried monk so far, and their bandages and remedies come in handy. The farmer and merchant appear to be a great source for profit and quality goods. I've had a look around to find large sums of farmable property with descent housing for an average of 3,000 coins, and with livestock now tamable I smell profit to be made.If you are considering to try it I say go for it, its a great game with fun, trust, and fear to be experienced and I'm eager to watch it develop over time."
76561198114001939,Recommended,412450,30970399,Posted: 5 April,all,Mathias The Prophet,this game is alot of fun and people have been reviewing it really badly but the Developers are acually building up this game its still in erly acess so there are going to be some bugs they have improved the graphics they have add more stuff for you to build and classes that matter houses acually do stuff now and they can build stuff in it all in all this game has come along way in just a few months and i really like it just keep in mind it is a dark fantasy universe and if your not careful you will die and lose everything you had on you
76561198203229136,Not Recommended,412450,24718385,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,The Gaming Geek,I don't recomend this game unless you have a beefy computer they say spec reqirements may seem like not much but this game runs on unreal engine 4 I like the idea of the game but I havent been able to even play this I know this is an alpha but that doesn't exuse poor advertising they need to find out for certan what the minimum and recomended specs are before launching it so those who buy it are able to play it otherwise it's money down the drain or at the vary least put in the specs or discription that the minimum specs are being tested and any wanting to play it should be wary as it may not run on your computer oh and devs thanks for taking my money for a roduct you advertised I could use but can't really use I'm pritty sure that illigal here in america.
,Not Recommended,412450,25061753,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,CutoverOwl705,couldnt even start it without an error popping up saying i need to download something that i already did
76561198042617200,Not Recommended,412450,29118246,Posted: 8 January,all,Look She Glows,I'd rather chew off my own ball bag than play this game again.
76561198167588164,Not Recommended,412450,29371146,Posted: 19 January,all,Makeke,I like the concept.....but I think it's over before it started.
,Not Recommended,412450,29890841,Posted: 12 February,all,SadKeyboard,"The only 2 ways of moving are walking and sprinting, and sprinting takes up stamina.  Game looks cool, but it plays♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198007032410,Recommended,412450,22969678,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,arathusumus,If you are thinking about this game wait untill at least version 0.06 or 0.07 right now you cant even change video settings current version 0.04
,Recommended,412450,22649894,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Elfable_X,"This game has great people behind it and they are doing the best they can to bring a great medieval game to the perfection. I will keep playing this game, i would say it is interesting and it needs a lot of  improvements.Its good at the moment."
,Recommended,412450,31212928,Posted: 17 April,all,[25th] NorthernWarrior,"well So far, It looks good, but I am not 100% Impressed at this stage.  1. making your Male/female Player, Height and looks .. shoulde be added, In My Opinion.  2. Being a Begger from Scratch, and being ambushed by Bandits or killed by Wild Animals, at start.. is Bad. Needs a change, and also even having Startpack about 500 or 1500 gold, and better gear and sword and Sheild, or axe and Sheild, would have been accepted, to get stuff starting. 3. The Game, and Map looks great, however.. not knowing where you ""spawn"" and not knowing where to go first..""to start your Story"" is even worse, or not even a ""Tutorial"" is so bad.. This game has alot of Oppertunites, but as The Devs, are very .. bad at taking in the Buyers Opninons or Thoughts on theire ""half made game/ half broken game"" its a Sad Story, witch in many times leades.. to a Gaming Company will close down, before even making good progess or becoming ""known"" on the gaming Market. I am supsrised Steam (or Valve) hasn t Keept a bigger eye on this, and made sure that .. a bit more would be need, before earlyacess is availbe on steam.  but besides that I am willing to atleast, say it looks okey, but needs fixing and changes, before it becomes better.  I am rating this about: 4 out 10 Eagles. why? just check out other Recesion.. on this ""earlyacess"" I would have given it a 6 out of 10, but I don t like a game, where I can t make my ""Own Player"""
76561197968053896,Recommended,412450,29838797,Posted: 10 February,all,Merreck,"Currently no one plays the game, why?Well I'll tell you...""No not like that!""""He's going to tell....""""he's going to tell...""""He's going to tell...""""No singing!""Myself and a few others who attempted to give it a shot were periodically ganked in the main city while crafting or selling by the one player who does play the game LNS|SunRunner. Apparently he has nothing better to do but server jump, troll and murder people attempting to play what I think is progressing as a solid game and could be built into something great.For quite sometime I was enjoying myself learning the crafting system and skilling up, and starting to build a pile of gold, while murdering some bandits and the occasional animal for some leather.Granted it would be a greatly enjoyable game with more players of equal level, but when a singular person server jumps just to hunt you and anyone else trying to play the game down in a town and exploit an already slightgly buggy alpha, you throw in a say FUDGE IT.Terrible people (Person) is actually breaking what could have been a flourishing game."
76561198312587232,Not Recommended,412450,31103271,Posted: 12 April,all,Overkill,"It is a good game if you can start in a server with no one else. I have tried to play this game but every time someone who is already maxed out comes along and kills me. I am then left with no xp, no gold, and having to restart"
,Recommended,412450,25855486,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,cannabisfairy,"i strongly recommend this game if you are into medieval themes. ingame voicechat, emotes, general chat box, gender friendly, great survival theme player driven economy and if you just bought gloria victis get a refund quickly and put the money towards this. i currently couldnt change my graphics settings. and enemy npcs can be a issue. im sure all of this will be fixed. this games future looks great and i look forward to the development"
,Not Recommended,412450,27613142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fez (gone until 7th),"No, Don't buy. Ruins friendships. Also the game runs like poop."
76561198095985911,Not Recommended,412450,33028666,Posted: 30 June,all,JK2EZ,"Initial reaction was that this game was AMAZING. Graphically, gameplay is not awful considering its early access. But there are numerous game breaking mechanics that ultimately gave me the reason to thumb it down.1) It takes WAY too long to change classes, gather gold, and actually use certain skills.For example, leather, iron ore, cloth, all require a specific machine. These machines can be found in certain cities, can be used etc. BUT because travelling is already too far, not to mention the navigation is pretty difficult. You will be stuck going city to city just to use these machines! UNLESS you have a house. But good luck finding one because all of them are already occupied by people when this game first came out. There have been talks of wiping clean the house occupancies, but unless that happens and these servers get a restart this game is almost impossible to successfully make money and ultimately not having a house means you are stuck doing what feels like chores for too little reward. This game has lots of little details together like cooking clothes making weapons and all of which are great but you cant really enjoy it when you have to constantly worry about thirst, hunger, going city A for loom machine then city B for tanning station then city C for mining spots.tl'dr: Long progression system made even longer because it takes way too long to achieve something so little, basically preventing you from enjoying the other details of the game."
,Recommended,412450,25257573,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Trippster,Got twenty miutes they did relase this a little to early just like dayz did but i am staying in for the long haul becuase i believe this game will be amazing would be better if more people played it too
76561198053429657,Recommended,412450,26125229,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,motyu7,"Love this game to bits, development team always very good with updates and answering the demands of the community, the game has so much potential to be crazy big, and the only thing it is missing (aside form early access bugs and glitches, which if you have a half decent computer and decent internet, aren't game changing) is a wide in game community which would make this game absolutely incredible. Well worth the $20 odd I paid, very addictive once you get into it! keep up the good work Dev team!"
,Recommended,412450,25419544,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,BINGEBOY,Love this game it's getting better every week.
76561198148464867,Recommended,412450,33884903,Posted: 29 July,all,MARIO,"The game is just amazing! The pvp needs a little more improvement but ill definentaly be patient for that and i cant wait till its that day when so much more people are playing this game!!!!!! The game is just awesome awesome awesome its the best and its funny too! haha, i begged a wild pig for money XD, in overall the game is a 9.6 out of 10 and ill definentaly look forward to buy this for my other friends!! And i cannot also wait until under The Black Death Game there will also be GAME OF THE MONTH or YEAH EDITION!"
76561198080167302,Not Recommended,412450,26259929,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SHAGGY-2-DOPE,when your game first came out i had no fps drop now i cant play it fix fps i have and 8 core 16 gb of ram and i have a gtx 960 4 gb and 115 up and 110 down internet i leg in no other game fix it and yes i  played it on low settings just to see if was my card nope still unplayable
76561198029517923,Recommended,412450,30909539,Posted: 2 April,all,markgibert,"this game has vastly improved with new update still buggy but is fun to play , rember it is early accsess just hope devlopers keep on working it ,  that is allways a risk with early realse games . that said it is defo worth the price (as is)  ,makes for a cheep game with plenty  of fun in it"
76561198051831438,Not Recommended,412450,33945508,Posted: 1 August,all,KiwiArcher,"Whilst the concept of this game is good its very slow and difficult to play, some weird glitches. hopefully these get sorted and the game play becomes better. Not recommended at this stage of development."
,Recommended,412450,25996123,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,JohnnyRockstar,Needs a lot of polish but is a good game with fantastic potential.
76561198046911452,Recommended,412450,24793666,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,flaviookb,"Need polishing, but very promissing!"
76561198119529973,Recommended,412450,24832316,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,LemonKing,"The concept of the game and classes is great, also like the skill tree. the combat however need some work, its nowhere near as smooth as similiar games, hoping for that to be fixed soon!!"
76561197963644826,Recommended,412450,24967735,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,KataL,"Ok im not sure what its going to say by the time you read this, but as i write this review i have 91 hours on record in this game. So i know what i'm taking about.Watch the trailer! Watch some youtube! Try to figure out if the concept of this game is for you!We are talking about a middle-ages, plagued, hardcore playerdriven sandbox. Where you can buy property, craft and sell goods or put your sword to the test against AI bandits, crazed plaguevictims or other players in any way you see fit.Do you like what you see ?Do you understand it's an alpha and you might lose all your stuff at any moment ?Would you consider yourself an explorer of ""ruff and early"" gamecontent, rather then a purist consumer of AAA-titles ? (clunky combat, bad AI, exploits and bugs waiting for patches)Do you like getting a headstart in games, and explore whats best yourself, rather then reading about it ?Then i see NO reason not to give this game a glorious recommendation to you.I have spend over 90 hours in it and im sure it is going to become many hundreds as more patches roll in and more servers get a healthy population.At this moment 17th of august, you can find me as Katal on the rather quiet amsterdam 2, exploring the map, training pvp combat, testing weapons and losing fortunes to glitchy chests. :DI welcome new players pretty much every day, so if you need advice on how to get started, get gold and xp fast, need info about a class or want to try some PvP, feel free to join. As far as i can tell, the community is a very friendly and sometimes pretty funny one if you like some Roleplay."
76561198112614571,Recommended,412450,25356399,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NG Skelo,I bought but it crashed upon joining a server. I will continue to follow the game development and see if that gets fixed then maybe ill re buy it
76561198044179534,Recommended,412450,24764499,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,"W,-","I like the game, altrough you still can't really do much more than gather supplies, craft things trough bugs. The game has potential to become big.I wouldn't recomend fighting  atm because it's still really buggy and you'll most likely just die."
,Recommended,412450,25163847,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SpicyG,"This is an Early Access game. Not Ark early access where the game is pretty fleshed out, and mostly likely being milked for money while they can do what they want in the name of EA. This is actual ""This game is in its very early stages and we want you to help build it"" kind of early access. It is empty, buggy, and unoptimized. But it is fun as hell. The atmosphere is the most authentic feeling dark age type♥♥♥♥♥♥ I may not play the game much but I am more than excited for it to grow because this will become a great game."
,Recommended,412450,25851199,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,NewWorldShogun,"First off, I'm giving it a thumbs up because this game can be awesome in the future. As is now, any other day it would get a thumbs down.Like most, I bought this game because I thought the concept was very cool. It looks nice. My PC can handle ARMA and Dayz, but for some reason, this game gets laggy AF at the worst times. I'm a big fan of survival games, and so far I enjoy it to a degree. However, its very early access and it gets pretty buggy. I'm hoping the next patch will optimize the game a bit more. Rendering takes forever, things just appear out of nowhere and sometimes you end up being attacked by bandits from a camp when there wasnt any to begin with when you were running by what looked to be an empty field. AI could use some work. At this stage of the game, I wouldnt tell someone to get it, but I see big potential if the developers stick with it. Hopefully they can get it in working condition because I'd really love to play this more in the future."
76561198027097640,Recommended,412450,32557719,Posted: 18 June,all,tictac,"got some bugs to work out, could use some rebalancing like how many items you can keep stored for example but suprizingly stable for a game of its type. im looking forward to this games completion."
76561198258861725,Recommended,412450,27497341,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ValeryAKrov,"got this game on Black Friday and i've been playing for a bit.   i haven't come across any major bugs so far however there are a couple of bugs i'd like to mention. 1.  Arrows. invisible when using the bow.  they show on the menu and you can see the animation after you shoot them  but not while the character is aiming.  2.  unable to move when i get too close to certain object such as trees  or furniture inside houses. Whenever it happens i press C  and try to move away form the object and it fixes the issue. 3. furniture getting in the way of scavanging for materials inside  houses.  nothing major, but a bit annoying.  since it's in alpha stage those are to be expected and i'm sure the team will improve graphics and animations in due time.  good content and the crafting system is pretty easy to understand so i'm having fun exploring.   i'd recommend this game to gamers who enjoy exploring enviroments and crafting things."
,Recommended,412450,24424877,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,NachoDawg,"The game is in that shoddy ""pre alpha"" stage, but I think it can go places.This is one of those games where teamwork makes all the difference. Have two friends and suddenly you got a working farm, the manpower to run it and the time to get your fingers into different player-made plots, for an enjoyable evening filled with that experience you can only get from messing about with internet strangers.It's hard for me to suggest that you ""go ahead and get the game right away because it is so much fun"", because it's buggy and lots of mechanics just don't work right now, but that said, this is a game I've been playing daily since I got it. It really is one of those games you can immersive yourself into even if it's buggy and acts weird. The graphics are great and you are playing with or against the bugs together with a friendly community. These devs also get my support for their active community presence :)"
,Recommended,412450,32549429,Posted: 18 June,all,Dioavila,"After sinking 15h in this game I must say first that most if not all the negative reviews are from last year where the game went to sale prematurely, however the game grew A LOT from that time and really improved itself in all aspects.But what its The Black Death? Its a gloomy survival game set in probably one of the most hopeless times in the history of humanity, where you will have to scavenge, trade, craft, farm, kill, hunt and steal to survive. If this concept is exciting for you, please support the game.On to the specifics:PROS:- The class system. Not everyone is a fighter each class is good at something and players need to interact with one another to grow, for example: If you play a merchant, you can fight but you wont be very good at it, so if you need to go to a dangerous area, your best bet is hiring another knight or militia player to escort or go for you, so on and so forth. The game has those kind of interactions as objectives, and is growing really fast towards it. Just the other day I bought some stuff iron ores from a player smith!- Resource gathering. Resources vary gratly from area to area, so you are always encouraged to explore to find the materials you need and in the best quality possible.- Crafting. It is not cryptic as in other games, you unlock recipes with skill points and those will tell you what materials you need for it, the quality of those materials determine the chance you have to succesfully crafting the item and its durability.-The community. When you are able to talk with other players, in my whole experience, everyone has been extremely nice and helpfull.- The disease system. You can get ill in a lot of different ways, it brings a nice challenge.THE CONS- Low average player count. This game had a lot of bad reviews at launch and its still in early access so its understandable, but having more people to interact with always enhances the experience. You will be able to do so at times, but expect to sometimes have a more solo experience.- Combat. The combat isnt bad itself, the concept is decent enough and it actually works but it has to be ironed out BIG time, the animations are and buggy and clunky specially on animals.-Class change. To change classes you need in the current version to commit suicide, loosing you night survival progress (you keep the unlocked skills), it sucks I know, but there are ways to make it just a minor annoyance, such as having a house with storage or simply stashing your things in a world container while you change. I think this is just temporary though.My overall opinionThe Black Death is a surprisingly fun game, especially considering the state its in. The devs are really passionate about the project and are always looking for ways to improve the game. At first I bought it just for the concept, not expecting anything, and now I play it every day, and if it is this entertaining at this point in dev I cant wait to see how will the final product turn out. The price may be slightly above the ideal, but please go support this game, if you are looking for a world to immerse yourself and survive in medieval times, you will not be disappointed. And if you are ever in the Chicago server, shoot me an inbox!See you in Mercia!"
76561198043730410,Recommended,412450,25199454,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,rygor,hey the concept of this game so far is really good of course there are bugs i mean it is in alpha but if they keep updating like they have been at a decent pace and listen to people playing this game will be very good as it is id give it a 7/10 my only complaint is the lag all the rest i know they will fix as it goeswell this review was written early on and i have played the game 11 hours now and over the time not one update i jump in now and again but it seems no updates they say big things are coming and there changing core stuff which i get takes time BUT i think it has taking a little to long as people are getting frustrated waiting including me I believe to much longer and this game is gone hope not as i said the concept and game idea seem really cool but only have so much paiteintce.
76561198085251812,Recommended,412450,25195380,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,druidicgary,"I have played a lot of survival games in the past few years some of which were questionable at best when they first started out but soon grew to be a likeable game that has consumed many hours of my time. This Game ""The Black Death"" is a uniwue take on most survival games i have played. The fact that you as a character cannot accomplish everything on your own but must work together with fellow players to form a strong community is very apealing. Each class starts out with some basic skillset unique to each one with the option to advance to more unique and diverse skills that will be an integral part to group survival.The constant threat of becoming Ill with the plague having to worry about wolves and bandits as well as corrupt soldiers killing you as you travel make the game exciting. Although this game has a permadeath feature which i generally try to avoid, it makes for a fun and challenging adventure to say the least. I would strongly reccomend this game to anyone seeking something different from the norm of Survival Games. No Zombies to fight just you and the world. Come join us and make your place in this gritty Mideval world. There is much to do and much to see.The community is very supportive and the Development Team is very attentive and responsive which i find to be a refreshing feature. Sure there are bugs, but there are always bugs, even in finished games, but the devs are doing what they can to fix them and that's something you have to give credit where it's due. The game is pretty simple and straight forward, the world is gorgeous and the evnviroment makes you truly feel as though you're in the mideval times. I could go on rambling about the great features this game and community offer, but I would expect that it would be ebst for you to experience it yourself."
76561198048095649,Recommended,412450,25087539,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Deathadder,Never done a review before but over the past few days I've honestly enjoyed this game alot despite the few bugs here and there. To be frank it has a long ways to go the like the servers crashing or finding floating objects and a clunky combat system just to name a few issues but despite this it has potential along with developers who seem to really want to see this game done right. So all in all I know this isnt super informative but after 45hrs I still can't get enough of it and I'd recommend this game for certain or at least for those intrested to keep an eye on this gem in the rough.
76561198104881724,Recommended,412450,26011822,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dell,Well done on the LAN servers guys its made it possible to play it single player or co-op play:)The improvements over the last 12 months have been 'outstanding' so kudos to you for that :)I would highly recommend this game to any survivor genre gamers !I'm so looking forward to playing on my own LAN with my friends :)
,Recommended,412450,26560401,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,abo.elreda.96,for the first time i pay for a game on STEAM and i git a pop of♥♥♥♥♥♥. i have downloaded it and it need more files !! every time i download these files it keep asking for them
,Recommended,412450,22517775,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Paraplex,cant join the severs but i will NOT give a bad review only cause of that......give the dev's some time pls.they are very alive right now and try to fix problems.dont rate the game down just you got some personal problems.....we all know....games with active devs are mostly good games.so lets see...
,Not Recommended,412450,26033444,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Locklave,"The basics you'd care about if considering buying a early access like this.- Devs are highly active in the forums- Mods are highly active in the forumsAny EA where both the above are true is worth supporting and these are both very true for The Black Death. The Devs and Mods here go above and beyond in many cases.The game is buggy but fun for me at least, 61.4 hours of play so far. The community is pretty cool and you'll get to learn a few names of people who are always helpful and friendly. I bought it to support the Devs with my wallet. I want to help find and resolve bugs. But don't buy it if bugs are gonna♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Your character can/will/might get wiped and you might lose all progress you have in the game, it's a risk.So in short it has problems but it was worth the price to me.Edit:As of v0.12 the game is unplayable and I can't recommend buying it in it's current state. Over 1 month of hotfixes and the core mechanics of the game are broken."
76561198029462366,Recommended,412450,22517339,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dowley,"Pro- Beautiful graphics, Surprisingly smooth gameplay once you can get into a server.Crafting is enjoyable, look forward to  hitting the higher level skilled crafting.a large map with plenty of areas to explore, including a port and city. im sure they will add more areas later. no problems with framerates while exploring new areas as it loads.stood for 5 minutes watching someone slaughter an endless supply of pigs.best bit hearing epic music kick in, decide to run for my life thinking im being chased by some maniac plague bearer..realise no one is chasing me...ever..continue to watch someone slaughter pigs.Cons - yes the game does crash and you do get kicked from trying to connect to servers which on its own is quite annoying...but what do you expect from a Early access im not going to down rate this game just on that merit...Skills reset after every crash, so all the work leveling them up, for you to lose it after a crash is also annoying, but a pro to this doesnt take much to level up crafting.a lack of merchants having to run for about 10 minutes to find one merchant who isnt really marked well.for my cons im sure these will be fixed soon in a patch. The devs seem very on hands to talk to us on the forums with our problems with the game. upvote for the devs on that bit.ill put more pro and cons once ive played more but so far solid 7/10GOODJOB!"
,Not Recommended,412450,22519773,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Puciek,"There is a point in game development where it begins to be right to sell beta/alpha access to a game, as it is more or less functional and trully needs user testing. This game is far from this point, as as it is it cannot even change resolution of the window, join a server and when after 2 reinstalls you get in, it will not respond to any controls, leaving you looking at grass and trees.At this stage this alpha/beta is absolutely not worth a single penny and should be thanking people who put the effort to test and struggle against it. And then when it can actually launch and provide any value back to the player, then I'm all game for paying for it.Oh yes and this of course is problem of my dialup/wooden pc/running win 3.1 etc, we all know that."
,Not Recommended,412450,22520898,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,my dl speed is lower than my gpa,"Really bad atm, can't play fullscreen. Tons of bugs, low fps."
76561198194197047,Not Recommended,412450,22521013,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Shokal,"My Thoughts and why it is negativeAt first i put in a negative review for this game because i simply could not play it. However i am still going to put in another negative review because i am tired of playing the load game. 1 hour or 2 hour does not matter. A review is someones opinion and they all should be respected negative or positive. You should not tell someone how to vent their opinion. They tried the game even if it was for 1 minute they still tried it and decided they did not like it for whatever reason.EARLY ACCESS : I hope they come out with a patch asap, I have high hopes for this game and still do. Every time i enter the world i last 3-7 mins before i have to ALT CTRL DELETE and force close.Examples In game errors:I go to a barrel and loot it, game locks up.I type in chat game locks upWhen i kill animals my game locks up to where im the only one moving in worldWhen i open my inventory and create items, again my game locks up i have to exit out.When i drop items my game locks up.Trying to join servers errors:I go to a server with ping under 100 game just loads than sends me back to start menu. Than when i click server it tells me to restart game.Positives :When the game does load it just takes 1 min to 2 mins. Not like life is feudal if you played that game before where it can take 5-10 mins just to start. Least The Black Death has a decent loading time.Graphics are good.This game has a'lot going for it and i am hoping for a patch soon to make it playable. I do think they need to act fast before they lose the fan base they have right now. Especially from someone like me who loves the game life is feudal and the servers are just dead. This gam reminds me of it.Negatives :Besides the bugs,The attack is kinda slow and cheezy at this point.No creation mode on character so we all look the same. Such as skin, hair, beard, tatts ex...Still trying to figure out the zones but there are camps i do not get.On the map it does not show where i am, i do not know if its me doing something wrong or just an early access thing.So in the end i have to give this game a negative review. But do not get me wrong, Wait for that patch to come out and for this game to be playable. Do not always go by negative reviews. Do not go by how much time someone has spent on the game. Because a review is someones opinion and they cannot be wrong for giving it no matter how long they played a game. Opinions can change, does not mean they were wrong. I have spend maybe 15-20 mins playing this game, Last i checked i was at 73 mins. So the rest was loading and failing to join servers and game crashing. It is not my computer because i play arma 3 all day everyday with 120 people on the best settings. So again i get the game is early access, all these bugs are expected. I also expect them to get fixed over time. This is my review, if you have any TIPS, or suggestions for this game. Please post in the comments box so i can read them and the devs can read them. I want to make this game work but i cannot give a positive review, i would not be helping the devs. Thanks for reading......"
,Not Recommended,412450,22551430,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TheRiki,Pure Cancer
76561198112518631,Not Recommended,412450,22731968,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,☠Jack The Ripper☠,"Extremly Boring, Not Alot Of Players, No Quest"
76561198066304503,Recommended,412450,22640231,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Lauder,"This game has massive potential, but everyone seems to be giving it♥♥♥♥♥♥because of server issues and bugs. Guys, it's early access for a reason - come back in a few months if you can't cope with anything like that. Meanwhile, I've had little problems with the game - the concept is enjoyable, and gameplay is fun."
,Recommended,412450,22652011,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,BarryBland,Love what these guys are doing with The Black Death.The art style is stunning and it feels like a a believable world that Im getting lost in.I could easily wonder around for hoursFound it very easy to get into and havent had any troubles with connections or servers.Seems like those have already been addressed.You can see the level of their ambition and I think its to be lauded and supported. Ill be feeding back to them and offering my thoughts along with the community building around it.Looking forward to seeing how the game develops over the next year and am about to go back in and see the latest updates.
76561198296088598,Recommended,412450,31204988,Posted: 17 April,all,demented goblin,need better looking females and more character customization options
76561198026925168,Recommended,412450,22848430,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BigGreenMarine,Fun game now that i can actually play.
76561198025158559,Not Recommended,412450,25615042,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Seven,"I agree with the more recent commentors.Of course the wipe sux, but the main problem I am having now is that I teleport everywhere, health is low, hungry, and I can't interact with anything in the game. I can't even access my inventory menu, all the hotkeys has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥So maybe its a new bug? or the developers gave up? idk. but at its current state, it is literally unplayable."
76561198284798412,Not Recommended,412450,26764447,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,STreeTz,"Lol where to even begin. All I can say is that this team had a great concept and idea for a WHAT COULD BE *an amazing game* Between (HIGH PING) Latency issues and just a BLAND BLAND game design this game just gets left in the DUST...I give them credit tho. The dev team is always trying to add new updates, content, dynamic wheather effects and such but like I always said, ""You cant polish a TURDDD""I can NOT recommend this game to anyone at the moment. Later in time perhaps when it jumps a few stages and becomes worth while then ehhh ""Maybe""Design 8/10Gameplay 4/10Combat 3/10Classes 6/10Graphics 8.5/10Overall 4.5"
76561198017933265,Not Recommended,412450,32415957,Posted: 14 June,all,Coupious,"there are a few things about this game that need to be resolved,1. the progresion mecanics suck. i have never played a game where you have to comit suicide, and then lose learned skills. never ever. and now i have equipment that i cant use2. the way tha things are made, especially wepons, sucks. i made a rare war hammer, that broke after 3 hits on a bandit with a bone club. WTF3. when you buy lighting for you house, it is still so dark you cant see anything4. not enough interation with AI poeple, and no one else playing.great potential, but poorly thourght outCoupious"
,Recommended,412450,26694170,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,souldrain,I love the concept and style of this gamesince it in EA I understand that It's has a lot of bugbut I hope dev will fix it soonanyway I still have fun for playing this game
,Not Recommended,412450,24453004,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Saicotic,"lol gank fest, logged on, get killed. Rinse and repeat. Might need a few friends I guess."
,Not Recommended,412450,29078514,Posted: 6 January,all,Nisahlo® | wildcase.com,Just bad overall. I saw nothing good. Nothing stood out. Nothing better than other games out there. Might be fun with friends if you have a lot or if the game had a huge invested community. But it does not. Don't get this game (as of this time). I requested a refund.
76561198061640733,Not Recommended,412450,29227170,Posted: 13 January,all,[53rd] Redheadedgamer,Great potential but no one is playing it
,Not Recommended,412450,25295375,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Joshie17,"This game I have to admit has potential in the unforeseen future. The bugs currently take away from the overall game and has a lack of online presence. If the devs are able to get down the core mechanics such as being able to cut down a tree properly or even hit an enemy and take damage this game could be playable with a few friends. Listed below are some problems I have with the game that I wish the devs would pay some attention to; but don’t shoot down this game just because of the reasons listed below there are some cool features already implemented that some people have found very fun. This game as I have said has great potential but will take time and patience from both devs and players.1: This game has little to no people on their servers so if you want to play with people you’re going to need to bring some friends.2: This game has a pretty steep learning curve. All I heard in my skype call is people asking how to do one thing or another.3: There is very little to do... you scavenge for resources, die then repeat very little do you get to even bear the fruit of your labour for scavenging. Thugs will come and kill you or you will contract a disease out of now where. I literally died by contracting a disease by walking in a field.4.Killing ai is super easy and can be exploited by just standing just outside of their detection range. you can just stand there and keep swinging until he finally dies and he can’t hit you.5.Swinging a weapon is very buggy. You have to hit something in the perfect spot for any results to be shown and if you hit that spot sometimes if you hit it again it won’t work but instead will only decrease your durability.6. There are other bugs in this game other than the ones listed but are less crucial than the ones currently stated above.My advice to you is to try out this game and if it isn’t for you then just refund. I personally will keep this game and can see myself playing this game in the future with some of my friends if the devs stay with this project."
,Not Recommended,412450,26722113,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Corrosion,"Update: What a fckin joke. DO NOT BUY. BEWARE. Actually one of the worst experiences in gaming that I've had. Will NOT be touching this one again.Crash, crash, another crash, guess what..... crash. Connection error, connection issue, crash, die from lag from connection problem, crash, and another crash.Everything in game now costs thousands of gold and you start as a beggar with nothing. How do the devs think this is remotely playable?The amount of grinding in this is disgusting.And... now they've added ""door decay"" to your houses that required all that grinding. Lmao, stay away from this game."
76561198040099825,Recommended,412450,26173798,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Arkanos,"I dont think I've ever written a review before, or at least not that I can remember. I'm writing one for The Black Death because I have really enjoyed my time playing it. Even with a couple of severe bugs which I'll discuss in a bit.Obviously as an early access game it is going to need a lot of work. But the reason you buy an early access game is to help support the developers and help iron out bugs. So if you are looking for a low fantasy medieval survival game this really has a lot going for it and has a ton of potential.The class system is fairly unique. You have to rely on other people to get certain resources. For example, a hunters 3rd tier trap requires an iron ingot. A hunter cannot craft an ingot though as only a smithy can to my knowledge(I havent tried out all classes yet) which adds a lot to the RP aspect. So, either the hunter needs to buy/trade for the iron with a smithy, or he would have to use the in-game suicide button to switch classes and farm whats needed. The later may be needed because there arent a ton of players right now.There is a slight problem with that however in that there is no trading system implemented yet. However, you can just drop the items in a nearby box, and just hope that they are honest and give you what you need. I have had 0 problems with dishonesty so far however, the few people who have been on have all been quite nice.Now for the bugs. Again, I can't stress enough that any early access game is going to have bugs, even game-breaking ones. But thats why there is that huge EARLY ACCESS GAME banner right about the add to cart button. You can't not recommend an early access game soley because it has bugs. No crap. But at it's current build(As of 10/22/16) there are a couple of fairly annoying bugs. The first is losing half of your inventory when you log out. Regardless of whether the game crashes, the server resets unannounced, or if you log off for the evening. You lose a random amount of items, and appears to be the bottom items in your inventory. The other bug is housing storage doing weird things. You can also lose items from your home when you log off. Or things might not show up when you access your inventory despite it saying you have 9/30 things in there. This causes you to log off and again lose items. It can also just continue to keep items in there despite taking them out multiple times(For me, I keep seeing gold ore in my storage, despite taking them out everytime, making them gold ingots, and selling them). Gold storage is also bugged. One container may have -1billion gold in it, while another has +470k. If you accidently take out the negative amount you are stuck being in debt, and are forced to kill yourself. There have certainly been some frustrating times because of these bugs, but all in all, its not hard to get those items back, as resources respawn rather quickly.The game has a lot of potential and some neat features. Again, I highly recommend you try it out if you are a huge medieval fan like me, or at least put it on your wishlist and keep an eye on progress if you don't want to deal with the couple of severe bugs.Sorry for the long review.Just kidding I'm not sorry. Deal with it and buy the game."
76561198159013521,Recommended,412450,24789128,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Lectivus,"I posted a ""Funny review"" earlier but now its time this new game got my full love and attention!Now this game is based in (obviously) the dark ages and the atmosphere is AMAZING! People who have been killed by the plauge are wrapped up with large red X's on their door or body's, you can hear the hustle and bustle of the town, and the wilderness is expansive and impressive.The one downside right now (as of 0.08) is that the combat is DERPY you will find that bandits and guards that are attacking you will derp out and hit you in weird ways or run in circles in place while swinging every which way. Another thing is losing the items ive stored in one of my 3 purchased houses have vanished from my chests after server restarts and server crashes.Really though give it a try. There is a really in depth crafting system and TONS to explore and enjoy. Find a group because all classes depend on eachother! Have fun!Don't play as militia. Noone likes them. ;)"
,Recommended,412450,24453927,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,PaddleMeat,"This game is pretty fun... Is it the greatest game in the world? No... But I'd give it a 6.8 out of 10 for now. But remember it is early access and it definitely has some potential.YAY's:Dynamics of individual characters create some very cool p2p interactionsOpen world is extremely expansive, feels big when looking but not annoying to traverseClass Leveling system seems really fun.NAY's:Game crashes :/Hunger stats plummit like a concrete block in the ocean far too frequentlyCombat is wonkey to say the least, very buggy."
76561198083060022,Recommended,412450,32556958,Posted: 18 June,all,Russell Murfee,"This is a very solid EA for this game.Pros:The class system, having to progress from one to the other is both unique and interesting.You do have to struggle to survive for a bit.The community is extremely nice for the most part. Everyone on my server helps one another. When new people start, we all help them.The crafting system is really well done so far. I look forward to even greater improvements.The era this game is set in is amazing. Gives for a good environment.Cons:You can't build where you want, or even place items within your own house. It is pre-selected. You also can't expand storage past 40 slots at your house, even in a medium tier home.Can't build a home wherever you want, only the ones already on the server.You have to eat a bit too much, but I would imagine this is to add difficulty since there are no zombies or anything of that nature. There are enemies, but not many of them."
76561198062091008,Recommended,412450,27368455,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rutche,this is a great game it is all you can ask for a medieval surival there are many bugs and glitches but thats to be expected. the game has soo much potential
76561198032445256,Recommended,412450,27538028,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tommy.duke,Well my first reivew the ping is a major issue from what i can see i have good internet to but the ping may be causing such horrendis lag/ bugs  like i was reading ping for empty servers the ping is like 400 seriously 400 like wtf!!?? but overall its a fun game lost my axe randomly may have broke no clue ui system needs some work  i  want my stick at slot 1 not auto at 2 armour is hard to come by but helps so much knights and axe well praise the lord if you find one this game defantly requires a group of pepole eatch playing as every single class so teamwork is esstial  avoid those rotting bodys and you can get infected dont eat raw meat always cook it camp fire dose not work wont let me use it could just be me  though lovely world i like the skills as the  knight have not tried the other clasess should have an option on what town or city you wish to spawn in would be nice and mabye add a mini map system but other then that it is a well made game
76561198046663710,Recommended,412450,24997298,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Crimson King,"i have played a few sandbox, beta, and early access games, and im impressed with this one. the team running the game is responsive and is appreciative of feed back.the game itself is a diamond in the rough and has much potential. being a early access game its has bugs and glitches but the games fundementals are there.as the game develops with support from the player base this game can go a long way. if your looking for a polished sandbox/ survival game then this game is not for you, but if you want to RP, have unique experiences and meet interesting people then try this game outcurrently the most active servers are london 3 and toronto 1"
76561198046169361,Not Recommended,412450,22521963,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Luthern,Game is not finished enough to be on early access it's basiclly in a pre alpha stateDo not buy this wait for updates-Video settings do not work at all I had to edit config files to get into fullscreen-No audio settings at all-Crafting and fighting will crash the game-Most of the servers I can't connect to most show up as 1500 ping only 2 under 200 for me-My characters get deleted after restarting the game client and rejoining the same server-The one character it does not delete can't do any actions in game I can't even get him to open up his inventory-About a 3 minute load time to get to the start menu on a ssd and unskippable spam for 30 seconds when you start up the game-About a 5 minute load time to connect to a server if you can even connect to the server-The game also crashes about every 10 minutes so lots of waiting just to get back in-Guards in town do nothing and freeze in place-Houses do not get saved and reset when the server does-Most of the bandits out in the wild just ingore me even when I attack them-Large barren map walked around 40 minutes and only found some berries 2 sticks and 1 cotton plant lots of the areas are just barren open fields with nothing in them and all the houses I went into had nothing to loot making exploring them pointless-An average of 20-40 fps on my rigCPU: Intel Core i7 5960XMB: MSI X99 Gaming 9 ACKRam: 32GB Kingston HyperX DDR4 2666mhzGFX: NVIDIA Geforce GTX Titan X
76561198075712070,Not Recommended,412450,22521641,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,RobDementials,"Well as it for me, the game is unplayable at all. I cant join any single server and having to watch that intro over and over again was the last drop for me. I overpass this games requirements and my internet is decent i dont find a reason why i cant play it at all. It looks cool, but its a bad buy maybe will look to it again when its out of alpha stage."
76561198098915555,Not Recommended,412450,22610817,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Layow,"okay game if you like: not being able to play, constant server crashes, having nothing ever saved and devs who take a break 4 days after a f'd up release cause they need to chill cause they had a hard time making the sh!t run.actually surprized that Steam released this tech-demo."
76561198072485016,Not Recommended,412450,22522145,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,PlagueB,"Pros:Nice graphicsInteressting looking worldCrafting and gathering that looks like it could be interessting and engaging.Could be epic if done rightCons:Not playable for majority of people (EA is not an excuse, you charge money for it = make it playable)AI bugs where players get murdered in safe areasDIsconnects from server without client knowingLosing skill points on relog. All your progress is lost which makes playing pointlessClunky combat (ugh so bad, this needs a complete overhaul)Tiny population (50 people per server? What kind of economy shall we have with only 50 on server? A group of 5 guys can ruin the game for everyone one server at a time and if its doable someone will go through it, people are strange animals and there is always someone who likes to feed on misery of others).See you when you fix the mahority of those issues. Your game has potential but right now its not worth the time."
76561198030423650,Not Recommended,412450,22545676,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Someguy,"Refunded,Yes I know it's early access and has potential, I have bought lots of early access before, I currently have 7 or 8 early access games in my library. This game however has game breaking bugs that must have been known to the developer before ea release. It is by far the most broken ea game I have played, even forgetting the bugs there is actually nothing to do in game at the moment.Sorry as I said I know this is early access alpha but I don't think it is even near an early access release. All this game has done is hamper other future early access releases future."
76561198049733627,Not Recommended,412450,23108046,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,manbooty123,well so far i spent 20 dollars on a game that wont even start so yuh 1/10 by ME
76561198128339085,Recommended,412450,29084773,Posted: 7 January,all,DEFEARR LLTS,"Black Death is a new and must have game, but if u are worrying about bug and objects not be there don't was your time just wait. You have to understand this a alpha game and still in developmeny mode Thank U"
76561198135011749,Recommended,412450,22550530,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Amber,"You know, I understand this is Early, and literally 2-3 day of it being out. It honestly in-game. Looks nice, I like the graphics. Like the idea of the game, different class picks from other games, in my opinion. But damn,  I payed $7.99 and got as far as selecting my character. (Female) Spawned in the game to discover I was a guy..and the fact I'm stuck in one place jumpping in mid air because the world is fully white, and not loaded. Yet I did see another player shadow walk around."
,Not Recommended,412450,22541723,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Lily Man Cannon,"Nah ♥♥♥♥ that dude I've played in early access and tested in alpha for plenty of games, never before have I tested for a game that just randomly doesn't allow you to do ANYTHING with your character, can't pick stuff up, can't craft anything, can't fight back against anything. Almost 20 dollars to wait through a long♥♥♥♥♥load screen over and over just to play for 2 minutes and not be able to do anything seriously what the♥♥♥♥♥♥is this rip off garbage."
76561197994039455,Not Recommended,412450,24377783,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Wyrmw00d,"At the moment the game can't even find any servers to join. A lot of people seem to have this issue and there is still no fix for it. I understand this game is still in Alpha, but if I'm paying for it I at least expect to be able to try and play it, even in a very buggy state.Can't reccomend this untill this issue has been resolved."
76561198025874375,Recommended,412450,23076756,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Wyalong,"plenty of potencial, lets see?"
,Recommended,412450,22553075,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Banana God,"Tried to jump through the window, couldn't... but guess what I'M FLOATING!!!11/10 would jump thought the window and start meditating"
,Not Recommended,412450,23014916,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Skarth,"The game is slightly rogue-like, you can't name your own character, and has a preset class. When you die, you make a new character.This game is more like a tech-demo or a proof of concept. Actual survival is flat out easy, just stay in the city untill the heat death of the universe. Because survival is easy, there is no real goal to the game.There is also no one playing this game, I saw 5 people on at prime time. Shame that a game goes to dead status in only a month!"
76561198067240747,Not Recommended,412450,30271419,Posted: 1 March,all,Carthago denda est (Colt),"Even in early access the game is not anything as advertized, I would not recomend it for the price, but if it were cheaper it would be worth considering."
76561198072963749,Recommended,412450,33607103,Posted: 17 July,all,KEVIN LILTER,SO GOOD
,Not Recommended,412450,30482927,Posted: 12 March,all,Hudscn,It's completly dead. lack of people playing allso when in game it feels dead .. evan the NPC'S feel lifeless
,Not Recommended,412450,24945511,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Willie Trombone,Seems♥♥♥♥♥♥for now. Wait a year.
,Recommended,412450,24470130,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Yasin byn,> Logged on a server> A begger comes up to me asking for gold> I tell him to♥♥♥♥♥♥off> He later comes back with his friend and convinces me to travel with him> On the way he tries shanking me> I run to a guard for help> He accidently hits the guard and diesBest 20$ spent ever
76561197995918203,Not Recommended,412450,23431382,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Space Invader,"This is a survival/crafting game that has great concept, good atmosphere; but is currently too unstable and unfinished - even by Early Access standards,I love the idea of this game and the direction it is going.  That said, it is very buggy and the game crashes far too frequently to be playable - even by Early Access standards.There is also an extremely low player population.  Each server has the capacity to hold 50 players; however the vast majority of the servers were completely empty with only a few having 1 or 2 players on it.If the Devs are able to address the crashing issue and give it more ""polish"" - I think this has the potential of being a really great game."
76561198043082985,Not Recommended,412450,24720780,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Bailey,"Im sorry... I know this is Alpha but like.... Bandits dont even move they run backwards or stuck in place, they dissapear and appear out of no where..... All the servers are dead and idk there arent even sounds for when you swing your sword. like not even a simple swoosh. oh well its an alpha game! it has lots of potential. but for now its a refund for me."
76561198133147494,Recommended,412450,25040109,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,mickiemoose,Step 1. Get the gameStep 2. Realize that you lag more than a computer from the 90sStep 3. Play the gameStep 4. Run aroundStep 5. Also realize the game is broken and you wasted $20Step 6. Still love the game for some reason
,Not Recommended,412450,22518800,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,UltraCamoJam,"(My initial review, a thumbs up)My review is just here so the devs don't get ♥♥♥♥ed by red text.It's been out for less than a day and has server issues and some bugs.It's early accessDeal with it.~~~~~~~~~~~~I look back now and think, but why do we just have to deal with it? Why can't they release it when they need to test servers and bugs, not when it doesn't even boot? And then it struck me. I don't. And I don't want to support this practise either.(BTW, my PC DOES meet minimum and recomended specs AND I turned the settings down to low. I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and/or can't see the diference between a potato and a computer)"
76561198023404474,Not Recommended,412450,22584719,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,NightCrawler,"So lame I asked for a refund. I would not recommend in it's current state, maybe a year or two."
,Recommended,412450,22540577,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Matt o7,"This game is the definition of Early Access. It is very rough and full of bugs. I understand this is pre-alpha and still in development, but this is barely a game at this stage. I am no stranger to Steam's refund policy, and have used it several times.........However, something about this game interests me so will keep it installed in my library - checking back often to see progress. I can see the potential here and being a fan of the multiplayer survival genre I am excited to see this game mature. Particularly if the community get's behind the RP part of the game. I have givenThe Black Deatha 'thumbs up', but if you are thinking of buying this game, be aware of what Early Access means and don't expect a polished product for some time."
,Recommended,412450,22517488,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,お前はもう死んでいる,"Its unplayeble right now, i suggest you to wait for patches becouse it crashes everytime. but it has good opimization and potential."
76561198297662669,Not Recommended,412450,22522056,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,darthbasil,It's very bugged hope its fixed soon I can't even get on the server
,Not Recommended,412450,22531747,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Henri de Lagardère,"I am not here to rate this game.I am here to rate the fact that i can even start it.Its seems really fine, and i can accomodate of servers / Lag / Poor optimization issues, since i KNOW its EA.But i cant get to start the game.Installed via steam, updated via steam, when i try to start the game it ask if i want to install Microsoft visual C++ 2015 runtime.Well ok go ahead, game, and show me t he way.It then install something,  related with UE4? fine. but when i try to start the game, it ask the same question , about installing M.V.C++.Ok, so i go to microsoft site, download this package... Annnnd cant install it since ""[1468:0DD4][2016-04-20T13:18:44]e000: Error 0x80070666: Cannot install a product when a newer version is installed.""VERY GOOD.I cant even TRY the game, even though it seems awesome to me, i cant gicve it a recommandation.Ill get a refund, and keep an eye out for this game.TL;DR : INSTALLATION IS BUGGY"
,Recommended,412450,24358837,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DJ Red,Where the black people at?
,Not Recommended,412450,23175371,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BlackdMulisha,"I was really excited for this game, then got let down. Im hopeing it keeps getting updated because it could be a fantastic game.I sorry to say i wouldn't recommend this game just yet."
,Not Recommended,412450,22632416,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,oSergiiio,"Game crashes a lot, all you can do is kill people, there is no point in the game or where the direction of the game is headed. i know its a alpha but for a game to be really bad off openning day is a bummer. i hope it gets better"
,Not Recommended,412450,22790292,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/QuaziCS,"Currently on a r9 380 4GB Sapphire Nitro, AMD FX 8350 (OC @ 4.8GHz) 16Gb of HyperX Fury 1600 DDR3 ram and a 970A UD3P Mobo, Shouldn't have any issues running this horribly textured game but I run a max of 20FPS, on LOW in 1024x768..."
76561198027552301,Not Recommended,412450,23357975,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Space Invader,Played it for very short time and i had to get refund ..whyBecause there is such a lack of players ..there a lot of servers but in 4 days of checking every hour i never saw more than 5 players on server ...keep in mind all servers have 50 slots ....5 is not even close enough for me to able make use of the features there or get enough enjoymentOf course i played this during alpha and things will change ....Maybe one day there will be lots more players ...I personaly would say hold off untill you got full confirmation that the servers are starting to fill by checking the forums...I wish i had waited much longer for it be Deved up more ...But ive left the game with a sour taste in my mouth all because there is  hardly any players on the game ....im not sure if ill come back maybe ..it would take some thing big to happen for me to do so ...and huge influx of players too ...i want to enjoy game and see what it had to offer ..but with out other players its really hard to do so...
,Not Recommended,412450,22697007,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Eredin: King of the Wild Hunt,"No quests, Dizzy Camera, No NPC/player Interaction it's justGather Carrots-->Eat Carrots--->Repeat"
,Not Recommended,412450,30632521,Posted: 20 March,all,Aftermath,Sakın ha .
,Recommended,412450,22573684,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,chris1999,great
,Not Recommended,412450,22567020,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Hello World,ตอนนี้บัคเยอะ-ซื้อห้อง ออกเกมเข้าใหม่ ห้องนั้นไม่มีชื่อใครเป็นเจ้าของ ถ้าล็อคห้องไว้ จะเปิดห้องไม่ได้จนกว่าจะซื้อใหม่ หรือ ถ้าออกเกมในห้องที่ซื้อไว้ จะออกจากห้องนั้นไม่ได้เพราะไม่ใช่เจ้าของ ปลดล็อคห้องไม่ได้-สกิลตัวละคร ออกเข้าเกมใหม่ หาย ต้องเก็บใหม่ทั้งหมด-สัตว์บินได้ไว้แก้บัคต่างๆ ก่อน ค่อยซื้อก็ยังไม่สาย
76561197970861157,Not Recommended,412450,26300184,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DaEMON,"Game NEEDS inverse mouse, dev is adding lots of useless♥♥♥♥♥♥but not fixing the game with basic conrtol setups."
76561198067207576,Not Recommended,412450,27956497,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dawg711,Bought this game while it was on sale. Honestly they need to lower the overall price then put it on sale for under $5. The most basic of things are broke in this game. Combat is very very laggy. You swing to hit an enemy but the action is delay to a point where if you strike and back away you have not swung until you have backed away. The AI fighting is the same way. All they seem to do is stand in one place. They dont know you are there until you are in striking distance.Now I know this is an EA game but the above issues should have been resolved before adding content or moving forward. As combat is a key feature for many of the profession choices. Sadly with about 6 months of work they have not fixed the very basic. Perhaps in the future it will improve. For now I can not recommend this game at the price. Other sites offer it cheaper but even then I dont know I would support this.
76561198128474448,Not Recommended,412450,29644120,Posted: 1 February,all,Zack_Batcountry,well what can i say its unpolished it lags feels empty ai that teleports all over you cant rly hunt animals cause they just run away and bow has zero accuracy unless standing still and have aimed ahead of time the map is meh parts are unfinished or look broken most houses in the game are owned by ppl yet no servers have anyone on ever half of the♥♥♥♥♥♥you need to craft thing you can only get from other classes making them and considering no one is ever online and u cant have 2 characters i dont see how you are supposed to make them and lastly half the skills for half the playable classes arent in hte game
76561198005030935,Recommended,412450,29528929,Posted: 27 January,all,Nordheimer,"Summary:  I'm currently giving this game a thumbs up.  But it's more a hopeful thumbs up than a realistic one.  At it's current state, the game is playable, but suffering from lots of issues.  If you're looking for a medieval simulator, this game might eventually be that.  Buyers are more investors than players at this point.The good:  The Black Death has really progressed from the last time I played it.  I like the art and historical feel.  I like that our characters' movement default is walking and not jogging.  I like that we have to eat and drink.  I like that we can steal.  I like that we can own property.The bad:  This game can get annoying to play because of the stupid fast hunger/thirst/food global settings.  You can't focus on learning your class or doing anything at all, because you're starving - perpetually.  Want to save that food for later?  Nope.  That apple you found an hour ago will now kill you.  There's no character creation.  There are no women.  There are very few NPCs.  The servers are empty, unless you count lag as a person.  Oh yes, and lots of bugs.The good:  It does look like the devs have made more food available in bins.  That fact alone made it possible for me to survive longer.The hunger fix?:  Make the days go by slower.  The devs get to keep their hunger/thirst/food global settings. The players get to not be driven crazy, and can actually play the game."
76561198378175093,Recommended,412450,33120317,Posted: 2 July,all,Elven Odyssey,I like it. It's pretty k.
76561198027763570,Recommended,412450,22518310,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jensen,"I love the atmosphere of the game, the cities, the lush, open world. But at the moment,even with my monster MSI laptop, the game doesn't run as good as I thought it would. Perhaps later the graphics will grab some optimization.So far the most annoying thing was the sound of crackling fire, over and over again. Tried the combat system, but heck, I couldn't tell when i parried and when i hit the fella, because the sound got messed up. Got bludgeoned to death by a guard. :DWill continue playing to report bugs in order to make the game better."
76561198033642377,Not Recommended,412450,22521167,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sovietdoge1917,This game has a lot of potential to be a really good and fun game but the games current state is crap  full of bugs and glitches its not even optimized! I would not recommend the game right now If i were you I  would just wait a few months and then buy it
,Recommended,412450,22521579,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,breakjam,"Don't Judge This Game On Reviews, Considering They're Mostly From Incompetent Gamers.  This Game Is Super Alpha & Their Working On It As We Speak. If You Don't Like Testing Alpha Games....Don't Buy This Game.  However, I Bought It! Want To Know Why? Cause It's Going To Be Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!.... More Awesome!  Please Don't Like This Comment.  I Don't Want To Be Hip.  Thanks"
,Recommended,412450,22541706,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TineSionnach,"Granted this game is early alpha,  when you  get on and play it is really fun. This game has limitless potential. And can only get better. The devs are puring out roughly a patch and hotfix a week. There are still bugs but they are working on them and compaired to other Early Access games i have been part of this one is moving along smoother than any other I have been on, and I have been alpha and beta testing since 90s. I have almost 200 hours in the game and I am happy to see the number of players interact and help each other and the devs listening to the players."
76561198066059776,Not Recommended,412450,22524638,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Feng Zehui,It wont start.
76561198082857983,Not Recommended,412450,22521771,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Leonard,I opened the game.It crashed.I could no longer run the game.
76561198008148690,Not Recommended,412450,22523239,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,VelocityMax,"Trying to join a server simulator 2016. Might be good in a few month, but just say no to this buggy mess for now."
,Not Recommended,412450,22533328,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Ghostliquid,"I would love to play this game, but unfortunatly that is not currently possible.  After purchase, download, updating, patching, and troubleshooting - this game still will not launch.  The intro music is turned to full-blast so I can blow out my eardrum...but the screen never progresses after they display their company logo.Not worth it at the moment, but hopefully someday."
,Recommended,412450,22552108,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,NoVa-_-RIOTZ,"Although the game is full of bugs currently, it will be amazing when it is all patched up. After all it is early access!"
,Not Recommended,412450,25894849,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,TheNewHero,Its so early acsece and if you find a sever with people thay just kill you off the bat I only met one person who was nice and even then didn't do anything
,Not Recommended,412450,24327334,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,aXBlackDeathXa,"Fair warning this game IS every bit of EARLY ACCESS that it can be!The landscapes are very picturesque and the age / timeframe is very well portrayed.  However, the game is very shallow and what I mean by that is despite this being early access it feels like the foundation isn't even poured completely.  The intent is to scavenge, craft, and survive.  Well some very elementary (and logical) fundamentals are missing.  For example, you need sticks in order to craft some recipes early on.  Well common sense would tell you this resource SHOULD be obtainable in a multitude of ways like from the 1000's of trees you see all around you - NOPE.  Instead you get to run around the map looking for what basically looks like a dead bush / very thin sticks sticking out of the ground.  If you're lucky you may possible pick up a stick while foraging for food but doubtful.  Same goes for wood - there's trees everywhere even stacks of fallen logs in cities but can you harvest any of that? NOPE.  Again you get to run all over the map looking for a single rotten log that just may be laying somewhere.The skill tree is extremely basic and at this juncture I can't say it would leave much to the game after playing only a short amount of time.  Sound is laggy (even regarding your own footsteps) combat is about the worst I've ever seen in a game (early access or not).  With janky animations with again huge delays and lag making it literally a crap shoot whether you'll be hitting your target or not.I just really don't see this game having a lot of depth even for early access there is just so little to do.  Was the game kind of fun to play? Yes for maybe an hour but after that there was nothing of note that would bring me back.If you like supporting small devs and have a LOT of patience and time on your hands go ahead and click buy.  The game just lacks everything in my opinion and frankly is not worth $20 on a good day.  Some other similar titles I've played H1Z1, Rust, Contagion all of those games (while in early access) BLOW this game out of the water.  There is no comparison whatsoever.I will give one huge credit to the player community though.  Unlike the titles I mentioned previously from my experience this community was WAY more laid back, non hostile / threatening, which allowed time to explore and learn the game without worrying whether I'll be beat to death with a human femur."
,Not Recommended,412450,22542940,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sonk,"The game, is simply put, an atrocity. Absolutely nothing as it was advertised in the video gameplay and game description page.Cannot even play the game due to servers being almost impossible to connect to. Even after the latest 0.02 hotfix. And when you're actually rarely able to connect to a server, you'll get disconnected within 5 minutes of gameplay and lose everything. Items, skills, level, stats, all gone. And even when you do get to exit the game normally, it STILL doesn't save any of your progress, so you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck if you plan on not wanting to start over and over and over again.I know this is EA. But, I've played many EA games that are actually playable and have very positive reviews. This, on the other hand, is an embarrassment to the Steam store and early access as a whole. It is extremely unoptimized running at max settings and getting only 24-29 fps. I have a high end PC: GTX 980 ti, Corei7 6700k 4.4ghz quad core, SSD 2TB, 16GB RAM and 1GB internet.This game is not even ready for early access. More like an extremely early prototype to be exact. We are paying to help a game grow into fruition, we aren't getting paid to test the game. How can we even justify the price when we can't even play the damn game?The game is being developed and published by♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Englishmen. And it shows. No wonder why they no longer have an empire LOL. And they still have a queen! Which actually has no power at all! Hahaha talk about pathetic. She even went bankrupt and had to get a loan to buy her own clothes lmfao.....All of the ""positive"" reviews given to this garbage of a game are rigged. They are all paid friends of GreenManGaming. It is hilariously and pathetically obvious. Do not believe any of the positive reviews. You can tell that they are written by greenmangaming and friends. They even defend the game for not even starting haha.Steam's mega low standards have turned a new leaf and have gone down the hole so to speak. You can't even call this early access. More like an ""early hopefully the game will even become available to access within the near future"" haha.Please please please do not support these garbage amateur so called ""developers"" (I wouldn't even call them developers at this point). More like wannabe devs.Edit: Post from another member, he was banned from the forums for stating the truth behind this scheme:""Green Man Gaming is telling people to give positive reviews for this game for free keys. Don't be tricked guys. This is happening. Green man gaming are real crooks. All the positive reviews are rigged. Green man is also telling people to spam ""thumbs up"" to every positive review and spam a ""thumbs down"" to every negative review so only the positive rigged reviews show up on the front page since Green Man Gaming has so many fans willing to do this for free keys.Don't let this get unheard. It is painfully obvious at what they are doing. Just read the positive reviews and look at the hours of game time that they have.The developers and publishers of this atrocity of a game are an embarrassment to the gaming community. Do not purchase and make sure all of you thump up the negative reviews and thumb down the positive ones. We cannot allow this scam/scumbaggery to infect Steam."""
76561198154497370,Not Recommended,412450,23637343,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Karotka,"Omg, this game needs like 2 or 3 more years to be in an early development stage. Don´t buy it if you want to actually play it but if you want to support the developer then go ahead, maybe one day it will be finished."
76561198049199811,Not Recommended,412450,24642572,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Sneaky Beaky,"I installed the game and it asked me to install something i dont know what it is called and then i accepted and now every time i click to launch it, it wants me to install it again and i click it and it says would u like to deinstall it. if someone could help me that would be great"
,Not Recommended,412450,22519641,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,superman de bigode,"For a intro simulator its 10/10For a game its 0/10I cant even play, i just start the game, choose a server, hit join and the game says that i need to relaunch the game."
,Not Recommended,412450,31813972,Posted: 17 May,all,Rhalar,"This game looks great, but is hamstringed by low playerbase and a poorly implemented class system. The classes make little sense and each player seems to have little chance of being successful. I have seen a lot of comments saying the classes force player interaction becasue each player isn't fully self sufficient. I would direct you to many games with a limited skill point pool. Not every game without classes has to be the next rust or minecraft. I could even get behind not allowing a knight to farm, but the big difference is that in the Real world a knight didn't know the lower class skills but he had a whole society to lean on. In this game the player is basically by himself or has a small group of friends."
76561197981999577,Recommended,412450,31056826,Posted: 10 April,all,Princedarkforge,So wait a second.  you have to pay for the update. But i buyt the game aready. Even do i did you still have to pay for this update you most be joking. game was not even made and there charging again for thw game as a update WTF?
76561198020815291,Not Recommended,412450,30701106,Posted: 24 March,all,COMETOBABA,GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARBAGE
,Recommended,412450,22522517,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[BoL]Slay,"This was a very educational game for me.People seemed to have starved during the Plague because when they killed a pig, its carcass would float into the air.  Also, everyone died from exposure due to the fact cotton could not be picked so no one had any clothes to wear.  It was also a very quiet time, with combat leaving no sound behind when someone was stricken.I strongly suggest anyone with a very high interest in realistic history games buy this."
76561198007988877,Recommended,412450,22531160,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Zyklon_B,"So you buy the game, install it, then run around aimlessly not knowing what to do, where to go or how to do anything. I love the idea, I'm sure this will get better as time progresses but right now I'm a bit perplexed as to why I just bought this."
76561198075682383,Not Recommended,412450,24482044,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,hasanovci,Too early to be released.Hold onto your money.40 Days AfterUpdate on earlier review for this game:Hold Your money ! ! !64 Days AfterStay away from this game...I mean that.
76561198035990188,Recommended,412450,22519771,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[BoL]True Rue,"It's a beautiful game but empty and super buggy at the moment. Buy it for the potential, not for what it is. I'd suggest waiting for more content though."
,Recommended,412450,22521449,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,FourLime,Well i love the style of the game! And it has alot of potential! But it is unplayable at the moment :/ But they do release fixes all the time so that is a huge plus :) Well iguess it is just wait and se how this slowely grows and becomes a perfect game ;)More and more updates has arrived! Keep em comming!
,Recommended,412450,22521114,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Salt,Has allot of potential! I hope the devs keep working on it! So far it is good for 0.01 early access.
,Recommended,412450,22543401,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sucellos,"Potential is the name of the game.This is far more ""early access"" than many other games.Set your expectations:-Do you love this time period?-Do you love dark and dreary landscapes?-Do you love massive open maps to explore?If you  answered yes to most of these questions, keep an eye on this game.Functionally, bugs are at every turn, then there are some mechanics that are surprisingly really smooth.This game has a long road ahead of it, but I for one am excited to see it develop.If you buy the game, I recommend Radio Rivendell, or your favorite fantasy soundtrack to play alongside the game."
76561198031943821,Not Recommended,412450,22519019,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Rex,"HONEST REVIEWPros:-Has potential-Well optimized GTX 660 TI= ultra but duo server load u may get low fps from what i have read- Good graphics art- Responding dev teamCons:-No Audio settings-Hardly any settings-Invisible walls-flying trees/gras/animals-Tried to join a server for 15min but failed.-Repeated Geometry and Textures (1gb download explained instead of 20gb)-Very little sound effects/sound effects not rightly in place-No Australian Servers (Hong Kong is closest)-Lots and LOTS of bugs.-Not really a survival game-Combat/Fishing clunkyI warned devs that this game isn't ready for open alpha with all these bugs, no game has ever come to early alpha on steam with so many bugs. And that they will get negative reviews.There was only closed alpha testing for like 3 days with few people!!!!Also game has not enough survival content it's more like a roleplaying game with a hunger bar.Devs were in a hurry to release this game and as i've said they will pay with negative reviews, which is sad for them."
76561198053422627,Not Recommended,412450,22525068,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"Beautiful world, and it shows that a lot of time was spent creating and crafting the world you are born into.Unfortunately, as much as I want to like this game on its first day of early access, I just cannot recommend it right now.  Despite the broken servers and the fact the servers stop responding every 15 minutes, even if that was perfect, the AI of npcs is non-existent, the world is almost completely barren of anything fun except exploration.The fighting, even with all three attacks with all three mouse buttons is sluggish and slow, and the hitboxes on both other players and npcs is broken resulting in fighting looking utterly ridiculous and down-right silly.Right now, this game is just a good idea severely missing on its target and I'd put that game at 10% complete.  I'd highly recommend waiting on this one until at least mid-summer or fall of 2016 and then looking back at the reviews and see how the developers have handled the criticism and how many updates there are.I myself will look back at this game in a few months to re-review it because it's not even close to being ready to have much fun in at this point."
76561198018580181,Recommended,412450,22553290,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,smudger40k,"Has potential! from what ive played and seen people play its a lot of fun..as with any early access, stick with it, get people to buy it and get the word out therethis could really be a good game with a solid player base"
76561198095423121,Not Recommended,412450,22847655,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Pixelated_Chaos,the game looks good feels good and has a great potential but for the 0.6 hours I played it the game crashed when I died every time I cant recommend a game that continually crashes unless they get that problem fixed.
76561198039387562,Recommended,412450,22550488,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Darkhorse,"The Black Death is getting some negativity I don’t think it deserves so I shall post my review though my time on this game is fairly limited. So to start. I’ll point out what I liked. The graphics are GREAT. The game runs SMOOTH. No stutters, nothing. The atmosphere is exactly like what I’d want in this type of game. I see it as a medieval version of DayZ or some such zombie survival game. Minus the zombies, but just as desolate. I like the looting system as it keeps to games like H1Z1 and DayZ with an easy to figure out looting system. Now for the negative. BUT realize at the point of this review the game was JUST released to EARLY ACCESS two days ago. So they may change in time. -Combat is tricky. Not impossible, but it’s odd. -Minimal to no instructions, so it’s hard to figure out what to do. -Lack of content as to weapons, and such, that I could figure out so far. -At this moment stats do not save? (So I have heard) Now for those who are complaining. Most of what the say is how should I say... Exaggerated... A little... Maybe a lot. 1. LONG LOAD TIMES!!! Yes. It takes time to load. Like five minute. Maybe. Five into the game, another five into the server? Max of ten minutes to get playing. FAR from 2 hours so yeah. 2. CONSTANT CRASHES! Well I haven’t had it crash once. They patched it after release so it crashes less. I haven’t played long enough to say it DOESN’T crash, but, heck it can’t crash every five minutes less I just got real lucky. 3. INVISIBLE WALLS EVERYWHERE! K... That is probably the biggest one yet. I ran into... One. I went to bout four cities, two docks, and the capitol. One wall, which was inside a house. A little odd, but that is all. No large areas of content not available. Mostly, If I saw it I could get to it. So yeah. The game IS early access BUT that DOES mean the game should NOT be in FULL playable form. YES it should be playable, and it is. It will take time to be amazing, but I think this game has potential, and will do great. TL;DR: YES it’s Early Access. Which, if you didn’t know, means you want to support the developer in MAKING the game. It needs work so don’t buy it yet if your not okay with an unfinished product. The games got the atmosphere down, that alone makes it a epic game to try, and I think it’s got the drive to go far. Let’s not down it cause it’s not made it there yet."
76561198306426730,Not Recommended,412450,24646527,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Nick T,"Game wont open, somehow says I have 8 hours played. No Steam refund after 2 hours. When you play the game of Steam you either win or die."
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,412450,31049077,Posted: 9 April,all,PhanTasM,"IF THE DEVS ACTUALLY WORKED ON THIS GAME IT WOULD BE EPIC BY NOW...THERE IS POTENTIAL,.. BUT NOT IN THEIR HANDSREFUNDED. (until the project is sold to devoted devs or they step up and fix the bag of bugs that is holding back a game that could be turely great)i wouldn't give then your money right now though,.. they seemingly squandered what they did have so far since there has been VERY LITTLE improvement over the year it has been on market.."
,Not Recommended,412450,22518750,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BloodravenD,"While this game has potential, On max settings it does have the eye candy, there just isn't enough good things to justify picking the game up.  These are just the issues I've had with the game:-You have to select a screen resolution in the settings before vsync is toggleable, even when it is selected, it somehow turns it off.-You have to be in game to change the motion blur, this should be in the settings on the main menu.-Intermittant server issues, sometimes they'll be up for a few mins, other times your buttons will stop working and get disconnected without so much an answer.   I'd give some leeway with the servers, they did just release to EA after all, but there was a server with just 4-5 peopl on it and it crashed.-Almost no content really.  There are some NPCs you can interact with, but most don't give a care.  You can steal without worrying about the guards, same with killing players.  Only 3 classes to choose from, with 3 more being locked.  Animals are pretty uncommon.  I walked for a half hour or so and only saw 3-4 boar and a few cows.I would've liked to have seen fewer NPCs, maybe have fewer villages, towns, and cities, and as a player build them.  I might return to this game later on, when it's more fleshed out."
,Not Recommended,412450,34202138,Posted: 12 August,all,^_^Sanny^_^,I dont enjoy playing it. The combat is bad and AI is like no life. This is not what I expect. I lag even there is only one player in server.
76561197983880841,Not Recommended,412450,24616826,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Coelho,"The game is full of Bugs you report them to the team loads of times and they still dont do anything about it, For this stage and right now.. Its a complete waiste of money.. DO NOT buy this gameI loved the idea of a medieval RPG spent a few hours playing this pile of crap.. bough two houses next day both houses where not mine.. ""Yes you mopp heads i only played on Server London 1"" so its not my cockup!..Points sistem doenst work.. i spent points on carry skill still have 0/90 carry size..When ever if EVER you guys decide to actually do some proper work on this game.. Give me a shout..Worst 15£ ever spent in a crappy game"
76561197974135177,Not Recommended,412450,31573069,Posted: 5 May,all,Ninja,"0/10Dont buy this game. Dont waste your time asking why. It has no potential other than buggy frustrations, and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gery.Please, I beg of you, save your money, or buy a game that at least has a 75-80% higher rating."
76561198056689833,Not Recommended,412450,31710241,Posted: 12 May,all,Soujo,"DONT BUY THIS GAME ,DONT FEED THE TROLLS WITH MONEY"
76561197964054632,Not Recommended,412450,32679987,Posted: 23 June,all,Jekonias,"Wow, so not ready to be shown to the public."
,Not Recommended,412450,28802536,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,suspected,"Running a nice rig with GTX1080, game isn't playable for me.Graphics are meh, but that's not the issue, nothing loads properly, game acts choppy and glitchy whether in low ot epic settings, special k overlay stuck on screen. Maybe eventually, but not now.Refunded."
,Recommended,412450,22530921,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,The Mancunian Gamer,"Trust me when I say the youtube videos etc etc are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the game is one buggy mess. But that doesnt mean to say it doesnt have pottential. Im gonna stick with it and Follow the devlopement process. It could be a good game man, great graphics allready and the ideas that are to be implemented will make it great, If they are implemented. But for now guys dont buy if you want a polished early access. THIS IS NOT. First game crashed within 30 seconds. second time eveything failed buttons interactions etcetc. Third time i got stuck In a rock. fourth time well there wasnt one I just didnt bother. So yeah the game aint♥♥♥♥♥♥just keep your eye on it till it improves.3/10"
,Recommended,412450,22520077,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,SAY10,I really dont understand the negative reviews cant people see its alpha!? on the store page the part that it says Early Access its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing huge and for the first day of alpha development its not really bad!
76561197967033819,Recommended,412450,22542143,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,StyrmanKarlsson,"After some updates of this game, a kingdom will rise.Great Potential."
76561198186236189,Recommended,412450,22568712,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,timaeus2607,"The churlish and negative reviews of this game are nothing short of astonishing.  Interestingly, a good new of these comments are from ""so-called"" players, who seem  have spent less than an hour - in some cases fewer than 20 minutes - actually trying out and exploring the game.   Their contributions are utter bollox and not worth paying any attention to.First play through, I spent an hour and half on a London server, during which time I experienced only one crash.  Yes, there are a variety of bug and glitches, but these don't materially detract from what already an amazing game!  Forget potential, in a few weeks when the servers are fully stabilised and some balancing has been undertaken, this will be a fantastic PvP and yet it could surpass everything in this space else when further content and mechanics have been added.The attention to detail that the developers have invested in authentically capturing medieval Europe at the height of the plague is truly breathtaking, while the combination of multiplayer RPG and survival genres deliver a uniquely rich  and highly enjoyable gameplay mechanic.  Character classes are currently restricted to Merchant, Peasant and Militia, with at least another 6 options to be introduced over the coming months.  Each character possess a different set of skills that can be used to carve out an advantage in different areas of the game.Over and above KOSs and NPCs, hunger prevails as a risk factor, but so does the very real chance of contracting the plague, an incurable killer.  This adds an extra dynamic to the gameplay strategy, since it interactions with sick players and exploring plague-infested dwellings will mean a high chance of infection.The crafting mechanics are easy to pick up and a quick scan of the menus reveals a lot of diverse content to be unlocked, as your character develops.  Often, to craft a more complex item or to cook food requires you to find one of the many tools (ovens/anvils/tannery) dotted around the game (mainly in the cities).  The hunger rate seems to be pretty manageable, as you can collect plenty of berries, steal food or kill various animals roaming the countryside (don't kill anything in the towns or the guards will come down on you!) to stave this off.The graphical fidelity and animation of Unreal 4 is sublime on ultra settings, and I comfortably achieved 60fps throughout my play through.  In terms of immediate issues, the developers need to introduce VOIP, as I'm damned if I am going to type as I try and defend myself against a bunch of KOSs, and provide a volume setting!  Also, when the servers do crash you lose progress and any house you might have bought, which is major pain.Overall, the game reminds a lot of Rust, Chivalry, The Forest and 7 Days to Die.  The great thing is the game is already tremendous fun and will get even better."
,Not Recommended,412450,23732887,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mr. Wiggums,"K even though I did not get to play the game I am still writing a review. Keep in mind I said ""get to play the game"" well after buying the game I found that there is 0 players on any servers. Well even then I decided to join one and long and behold I can't even play the game. Just kicks me back to the main menu, after doing a little research I found that the game is broken ""confirmed by the devs"" and that they are working on it.Like are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? why would you have the game available for purchase if the game is ♥♥♥♥ing broken. Now even if they did leave it for sale like they did, why not leave a message on the market screen saying that the game is not working currently. Like wtf.Even though I am looking forward to playing this game, just from this experience I already have a bad view for the development team."
76561198136836661,Recommended,412450,22532387,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,✪ Buny,I cant get it open but i did monce and i love it get it when it comes out
76561197988129966,Recommended,412450,22565821,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Bosco,"Post June 2017 - That was then, this is now!This game has come a long long way, most of my original thoughts in my previous review still stand so I’m not going to change the below comments, but I would say this; look at my original video and then check out my latest video. This game is evolving into one of the best survival games ever made. The depth in the character progression is outstanding, the locations are disgustingly beautiful and so 13th century. The crafting is shaping up to be one of the most enjoyable crafting mechanics ever designed. The devs are responsive, welcoming - you can see they care about this game. The community is great. If you buy one survival game make sure it’s this one, it’s a must. It’s fun, It's intricate. Its seriously a gamers game. It’s epic.https://youtu.be/o19Q5Cl3ZwUOld Review -the black death is in early alpha stage, and its not without its probems, missing game elements, sounds, mechanics etc, but what it does have is lots and lots of potential. for early alpha it still looks very impressive in places and if they deliver on the key features this game will be huge. do not buy into this game at this point in time if you think your going to get anywhere near a full gaming experience, that is a long time off, but if you want to be a part of something that you can help shape, be a part of a potentially massive community from the begining then this is the game for you. below is a quick video that will highlight what you could be getting into. Hope it helps.https://youtu.be/MUpr2HeJsbE"
76561197990738351,Not Recommended,412450,33792380,Posted: 25 July,all,ckay2005,Im sorry but this game losing your stuff after 10-20 days just to log in and it all be gone leave me with but one view. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME or waste your time until they can fix this. Cuase as hard as the game is already .... that is just disheartening. Best of luck but sorry cant even refer this game as even ready for beta other then just a game to waste time on. Has potential but as so many of these BETAs will they......and allot of the servers are bare with no one...says allot there.
76561197985707134,Recommended,412450,22532192,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,|VOWS| Comacho(Russian Unicorn),"The game, even with its many early release alpha bugs, is very enjoyable. Great promise and as long as they keep working on it, it can be a great game."
76561198014947337,Not Recommended,412450,24384770,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Sith Lord,"the game has some new mechanics to it that make it ok . however . with the plauge , pvp griefing and no real protection to stop the griefers . this game is just the same if not worse than others of this type . yes its early access and things need fixing ... if things need fixing it shouldnt be early access and should be open beta testing ans players testing the game shouldnt need to buy in . or buy the game to do so.if you like pvp with the chance of loosing everything , or griefing other players that are trying to craft the items you want to use to kill other players with , then this is the game for you , if you wish to explore the world and find items to craft and get killed by other players just becouse they can kill you, then this isnt the game for you , in fact as i mentioned before theres plenty of games that do a better job in all other aspects than this one is trying to clone from , only with a plauge aspect and a very clunky combat mechanic.i could go on but i think you get the point"
76561198007035462,Recommended,412450,22518302,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Snorunt,Visually it looks pretty cool and shows a TON of promise. it's in a relativly early state as of now but looks like it's going places.Two big problems atm1.  No Single player mode (the players are going to ruin this game just like Ark and Rust) PLEASE ADD THIS!2.  Lack of content for the player to do.Be patient guys i'm sure it'll be great.
76561197976935351,Recommended,412450,22525536,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Angeldina,Like it. Cant wait fore more to do :)
76561198152868565,Recommended,412450,22538561,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Noncing is a way of life,"Harvested a berry bush and my game crashed. amazing, 10/10 from me."
76561198027969430,Recommended,412450,22535073,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Captainawesome1234567,I'd say I have played lots of alpha games .This game has a good potentiel and I was surprised by many features that this game has or promises.One of the coolest features is the Q feature and the graphics is good.This game offers a great potentiel but not a lot of gameplay right now.If you want to support the developers more than play I recommend buying this game(4/20/16).
,Recommended,412450,22543228,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Fred Kennedy,This game is awesome. It's quite unstable but I still play it and continuously restart my game just so I can make 3 bandages and crash again. I'm unable to run it on medium and I can barely get stuff done and I can't get enough of the game. I love it and can't wait to see what it becomes.
76561198149776701,Recommended,412450,22540667,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Dumtskk,"The game has potential to be a great game, I mean it, I skip the refunds because I believe on this game. I like the classes concepts, playing on medium setting but still awesome. If you love exploring, crafting, gathering, chilling next to a campfire and conquering the mountain, this is your game."
,Recommended,412450,22517499,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,jesper2k,"I really like the idea and this game can absolutely become huge.The game has been out for about an hour and people complain about server issues, don't do that, please :)"
76561198053410645,Recommended,412450,22532890,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Docrobin87,"Really enjoying The Black Death its had a rough launch with server problems and other bugs but i feel a lot of people are forgetting this is an EA title so that is what you buy into, When your in the game it looks great and plays well. Excited to see where this game goes and what it becomes"
76561198027944360,Recommended,412450,25437708,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dracon,"Became a merchantWandered around finding material and trading stuff for honest coin.Meet some people, someone told joke had fun.We went out in group safety in number.Meet bandits, they were easy defeated by us, just scratched few of my new friends.Gave them bandage, dont want honest people to die.By the gods, those bandits were infested by plague, and so they infected us now.We all died.Would play again."
,Recommended,412450,22520451,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,MVme,"This is the first game I have ever refunded.  Has potential, just not right now.  Maybe pick up at a later date.  Constant crashes still, server issues, framerate issues.  Don't say I have a bad computer either to where I can't run this game.  I can run Solitare on max settings.--------------------------------------------------------------------Old ReviewFound hostile NPCS.  Got scared, ran away.Found stone.Went to go pick it up.Game freezes and crashes as I'm bending over to pick up the stone.Perfect now they can ram me in the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥while I'm bent over because the game crashed.10/10"
76561198040220094,Recommended,412450,22524318,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jhon,"Alright boys and girls, also Devs i hope you read this. This game has some great potential the devs are keeping us updated as much as possible with the current server issues and it doesnt seem to be lets get their money and run. So i decided to invest 18 dollars into the game to see what i could do and mayybe help the devs give them ideas and report bugs. They jumped the gun, big time from what i can see the game crashes alot, has no audio menu to change the the sound levels ( they do have a sport for it thought) Loading times are a bit long, and if you can get in a server dont expect to be in it long, you will crash. The animations in game are laggy and so are the servers, The chat is hard to read sometimes due to the fact that some of the letters when typed dont show up on your side while typing or on the server side when it is able to be read by everyone.This game shouldnt have been released to the public for another few months. Devs if you are reading this get a small team of game testers, lets say 15-20 people. get them a server that only they can get on and get them testing. Whether it be people from the community or your own team. Take it a step back without dissapointing your fans. Once again this game has some great potential, im glad i bought it just to be able to help the devs get developing more and keep them in business. So if you get the  game or are thinking about it. think of it as more of a donation than purchasing the game. as of now"
,Recommended,412450,22524736,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,☠The 3lack Sun☠,definitely has a lot of potential but this build isnt playable for me looking forward to the next build.
76561198186132454,Recommended,412450,22546768,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,merebimur2607,"The game is absolutely superb in its conception, potential and immersive gameplay.Yes, there are significant connection problems, issues with saving progress and plenty of bugs all to be addressed.  But, hey that's what I expect, and have also experienced, with EA titles including other survival MMOs such as DayZ and Rust.  The developers here communicate superbly with the community and I have faith that they will address the major problems over the coming weeks, before turning their attention to balancing the gameplay and expanding out content/functionality.What there is by way of content and gameplay currently is incredible and in the short while that I have played the game I have enjoyed it far more than other survival games.  The harsh medieval setting is depicted fantastically, while the class system allowing you to pursue one of three career paths (Merchant/Militia/Peasant) is an excellent addition that forces you modify your approach to survival.  Above the usual threats of hunger and murdered in PvP/NPC encounters, there is also the prospect of developing the plague, for which there is no cure and whose progress can only be slowed.I loved the ability to purchase one of the many houses located in either the cities and surrounding countryside in order to store your belongings and rest up.  At the moment, there is sadly no option to build your own house, but hopefully that this will be a feature later down the line.There is a huge area to explore across the map, with a few pointers to what might released by the developers later down the line.  I found, for example, a cave system which I could not access, but led me to think that mining might be a possibility, while the coastal port suggests the potential introduction of a fisherman class.My one big frustration is the inability to save your progress, especially as this would counteract much of problems arising from server crashes.  Furthermore, combat is little rudimentary at present - you can choose one of three stance positions - and I'd like to see this developed out to benefit more skilled players.Overall, despite the well documented server issues, the game is a fantastic addition to the survival genre and has all the potential to be the very best in its class given time.  Keep up the good work and looking forward to seeing where this game goes!!"
,Recommended,412450,22526494,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,TheJagWar,"Has great potential. For a day one game, I enjoyed exploring and takingin the visuals. Many bugs and quirks, but hey..its Alpha!"
76561198082738452,Not Recommended,412450,24624155,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FlyMcgee,"I just can't recommend this piece of unoptimised garbage.Specs:GTX860MI7-4700HQ8 GBs of ramCan't get it over 30Fps on lowest settings, Almost all of the animations are broken, Servers are empty and even some of the UI elements in the main menu are broken.Models are good thoE: IF this game has as good of a dev team as people say and they actually get this to work then i will rewrite my review"
,Recommended,412450,22522721,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Binkx,the devs worked hard and listened to the poeple all in all a good game looks amazing and remember its only out so give it a while runs good enough and is very fun to play with friends :) i recomend it
76561198051521082,Not Recommended,412450,22519953,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Surreal419,DO NOT BUY.Game so bad you can't Alt-F4.You are the invisible man! Glitch through walls. Run clear through buildings and people!Had to stop playing before I hit my 2 hour refund limit. SET YOUR PHONE TIMERS!Join a server listen to the pretty birds chirping then kill yourself because you bought this game.You cant raid another player unless they leave their door unlocked? what the actual Fukc?I thought this was going to be survival not hippie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ flower picking carebear rainbow and gumdrop land named THE BLACK DEATH. What the sh!t?I'll check back in a couple years lol.
76561197982035151,Not Recommended,412450,22519191,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,MariadoRosario2018,"No, because its way to early... not worth to pay for it."
,Recommended,412450,22519084,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Katarxis,"And here we are again.dozens of useless and unnecessary negative reviews. go to school guys, learn reading, google Early Access...."
76561197989660460,Recommended,412450,22534269,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ReDSoloCup,"So today is day 2 of its release. I managed to squeeze in probably about an hour or so of play time last night before I went to bed.Keeping in mind that the game is still ALPHA 0.02 is very very very early.Pro's:Beautiful worldSmooth game playGood FPSCharacter and classes ( a different style of "" making a character "" is always cool! )Seem's to have a neat crafting system.Con'sNot much content- Aside from picking up red berries from bushes and looting rotten food from crates or barrels... There is nothing else to loot.No "" Monsters "" the game wasn't released with any wolves, or bears, or bandits to fight and kill you.The combat system is terrible.. The stance system is wonky, the animations are bad and when I pull out my weapon it takes him an extra 10 seconds to actually have it in his hand.You can't chop wood with an axe..... Which to me is really a big deal...I found lots of invisible walls, and places to get stuck in.Kept getting disconnected from servers for no reason, then the game would ask me to restart, I would and wouldn't let me back into a server..AGAIN.... This game is EARLY ACCESS I expected most of these bugs... I just hope this game doesn't become another "" WarZ "" or "" StarForge "" or "" The Dead Linger "" where we get dumped by the dev's who just made a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of money off of us.... I have total faith in these guys and love what they are doing new genre, new game style... So it's going to be a tough path for them!!Other than my Con's You guys have done a great job so far!!"
,Recommended,412450,22518581,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,decimation,Graphics are nice little buggy but cant wait for more updates
,Recommended,412450,22540879,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[NR] Gun Haven,"A lot of people are saying it's a bad game because of it's current state. Everyone knows how it goes during the launch of a game usually. It's not as great as you would like. However, this games UI, looting system and everything else. It's ♥♥♥♥ing gold man. All they need to do is clean it up more, get rid of bugs. Keep adding content, and they devs have themselves a solid game. I say it's worth the money you spent for it, personally. Also let me explain why it current state isn't as great. The servers seem to be glitched out for some weird reason. It's always saying zero people when there are people in the server. You also lose connection quite often and have to restart the game. Other than that and a few little things here and there. This game has a pretty amazing start, I'd say.I recommend this game if you're not stupid and understand what you're getting yourself into when you buy an early access title."
76561198021133081,Not Recommended,412450,23371646,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Masx,No just no
76561198122944962,Recommended,412450,22557113,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Alyngwen Clævyan,"Update v12 has been released, it's been a while since the game released so I think it's time to renew my review.FYI: My first review after the game was released had a big thumbs up from me.So, v12!! The SIG team has been working really hard on the game; maybe they haven't been able to resolve all issues yet but hey: Welcome to Early Access ;)The Black Death's setting is getting grimmer by the update as more content is being added. Update v12 is definitely one of their bigger updates with a complete overhaul of some of the game's mechanics and world locations.I know there have been many negative reviews (again), but I stand by the product. I'm not saying all problems have been resolved and in my opinion there are quite a few things that need balancing pronto!Let's jump in!Instead of picking a class, you now start washed up on a beach outside of Freeman's Port as a beggar. From here you'll have to try and work your way up to Peasant and from there on out you can start choosing which ""direction"" you'll be taking in the game; knight, monk, hunter, etc.So, that's cool I think! Rather than starting off with a decent class you get dropped at the bottom of  society but if you do well you can become a respected citizen.What does bother me is that the whole hunger-thing is ""outa whack"" again and I feel as if your only goal to survive is not so much scavenging, crafting, selling, but rather ""get food"". And ... yeah, no, that's it: Just Get Food. I guess the life of a beggar sucks, but starving in day's time? I don't think so. So here's hoping that the ""Hunger Games"" get some update (hot fix, please) very very soon, because it kinda pisses me off (I liked the balancing from v11 a lot better; not too much ""in your face"").And then there are the wolves and the new NPCs I call ""The Sunset Bandits"". God are they annoying; popping up out of nowhere they easily scare the ""you know what"" out of you when you're walking around a (dark) forest armed with ... a pointy stick. To do as the game notifies you and Seek Shelter is my best advise in the darkness-situation.The main problem is that they [the wolves and bandits] currently only seem to target the closest person and then set on that particular person like a rabid pit-bull. Another player can run by or stand next to the wolf, but the wolf will have only eyes for you.I'm sure this will get better in future updates, but the aggressiveness of the wolves and the bandit's-focus at the moment seems a ""tad"" exaggerated.(Also, it kinda made me feel disappointed about walking (or rather running) through the forest - which actually looks very nice - there's a new forest between Freeman's Port and Raven's Reach - as I never got the chance to really appreciate the beauty of it as I was constantly being chased by wolves).Right, enough b****ing about; apart from some of these balancing issues, I think the game still is really quite good, the setting is fantastic, and, as mentioned before: with every update the game just seems to get grimmer and grimmer which really does add to the whole setting of a land ravished by an invisible disease. Looting corpses and entering houses has become a lot more exciting as you hear your heartbeat increasing, louder and louder, and you just know you must hurry and get out, or else ...Before soon it will be dark, too, and you don't want to be standing about in a dark forest with wolves and bandits preying on you while you're armed with nothing but a torch.Save for balancing issues I'm still loving this game and the team does come with decent updates (and hopefully work on some hot fixes in the next few weeks), their PR team is online quite a lot, too, answering questions, responding to bug-reports, and generally keeping their community updated (not daily or weekly, but in my opinion: well enough!)If you're crazy about medieval games and/or survival games and you don't mind having to deal with all kinds of issues you can come across in Early Access (such as losing your progress or a failing server), don't hesitate and come join the TBD community, leave your input for the developers and be active both in-game and on the forums.SIG: Again a BIG thumbs up from me (Uthred the Unlucky) and (when time and internet connection permits) see you guys in Mercia!Cheers!"
76561198138562348,Not Recommended,412450,32726645,Posted: 24 June,all,Showtubers,"to many bugs, server have been down more then 3 days!peaple are hacking ore spowning in YOUR hause?and to easy to brak doors yes also whit reinforce.This game Can be verry good but NOT ATMWhen the game gets better I WILL recommends it"
76561198121753101,Not Recommended,412450,23435407,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,,worse game ever find a new one i went and got caught stealing in 1 city and then i walked into another no issuses started working getting ore and wood and the for some reason died by a peasant but there was no one around
,Not Recommended,412450,28777459,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,3jackDaw,Wish I never bought this mudda♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.
,Recommended,412450,22526572,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,1stRVR Darrall,>Played 30 minutes>Got chased and attacked by two fellows named Steve and Steve's♥♥♥♥♥♥>Expected guards to stop them from having their weapons out and trying to kill me>They didn't>Pulled knife out to defend myself>Guard killed me>Respawned near Capital City>Stole everything in sight>Went to leave and found myself in a stand off between 3 chaps in a 2v1>Sided with superior numbers>Got stabbed in the back>Died
,Not Recommended,412450,24953489,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DEIMUADA,It's horrible. This Performance :( i looking forward for an refund
76561198063209147,Recommended,412450,24365118,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Wizerman,how do u party up whit a friend ???
,Recommended,412450,29996377,Posted: 17 February,all,USA,please play this
76561197972889732,Recommended,412450,22531298,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,SMASH,I started out as a merchant.Picked up 3 sticks and 2 jars of honey.Ran for 10 minutes until i found the capital..Found a Bone spear laying about and picked it up.Froze then CTD..Respawned at spear and tried again..froze then CTD..10/10 would freeze again
76561198073534961,Not Recommended,412450,29658724,Posted: 2 February,all,Zorak,"Don't buy, this game has the most bugs i've ever seen in a game!"
,Not Recommended,412450,32588833,Posted: 20 June,all,Caban,"game keeps crashing, complete♥♥♥♥♥♥after almost 1 year in EAthe actual content of the game and things to do aside from leveling up and building your ""epic ♥♥♥♥♥hack"" are incredibly barebones"
76561198309542152,Not Recommended,412450,26573684,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Hype,not good wont let me start
,Recommended,412450,22520548,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Chris,I picked up a carrot and crashed.10/10. I like carrots.
76561198076174633,Not Recommended,412450,24296739,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Im_Stupid,Dont make the same mistake I did. Just don't
76561198268847033,Not Recommended,412450,24320352,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,FadeToBlack,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Good looking game and good ideas but way too many problems
,Not Recommended,412450,23850862,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,COLORES,"EDITED REVIEW AFTER ACTUALLY PLAYING THE GAME:ITS NOT PLAYABLE YET, AT ALL. NEED MONTHS OF WORK TO BE AT LEAST DECENT. EVERYTHING ITS FKD UP, FROM CONNECTION, GRAPHICS AND EVEN GAMEPLAY SUCKS ATM.STILL LOVE THE CONCEPT AND BELIEVE THIS GAME CAN BE ACTUALLY GOOD, BUT IM LEAVING IT AT MY LIBRARY UNTIL GETS BETTER OR NEVER BUY AGAIN FROM THIS GUYS.CHEERSP.S.: NO CAPS, ALL SHIFT."
,Not Recommended,412450,28779648,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[59th]Rfm_Ranckin,PURE ♥♥♥♥ING GARBAGE I REFUNDED THIS TRASH LESS THAN 5 MINUTES AFTER I BOUGHT IT PROBABLY ONE OF THE WORST MISREPRESENTED GAMES OF ALL TIME DON'T BUY THIS BROKEN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥
76561198071481961,Recommended,412450,30196832,Posted: 26 February,all,Nokrath,Come and see! :)
76561198048114879,Not Recommended,412450,34797167,Posted: 7 September,all,Knightmare_,"Whatever you do, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Massive memory leaks it will literally break your computer, thats only one of the massive problems with this trash tier game............."
,Not Recommended,412450,22518320,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sequisha,"I'm not giving this a thumbs down because it crashes constantly for seemingly several different reasons, or server instability(to be expected at this stage), but because I see much larger problems down the road for this title.Many of the things that I did see in game that seem to be relatively flushed out like the UI and animation systems are already pretty nightmarish.  Completely rebuilding these things is no easy task, and I don't expect it to happen overnight.I foresee some of the competitive PVPers getting extremely frustrated just trying to land hits on an opponent...although I did see a guy get baited into digging up a carrot only to be stabbed in the top of the head by a farmer about 20 times.Apologies to the developers, as I'm certain you will be reading this; the game looks beautiful and I hope to return at some point to really have fun in this game.There are just too many fundamental things that seem to have been overlooked in favor of just having a pretty game taking advantage of the UE4 engine. Great job to the Art Team."
76561198056583902,Not Recommended,412450,22517930,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Busken Raider,"The Black Death in itself is a great concept for a survival MMO, however there are several flaws in the way it plays.Granted, it is an early access so bugs and problems are to be expected, such as the low frame rate I experienced, however the problem that put me off this game (Albeit for the time being) is that there is a reccuring loop where you are unable to interact with anything after a short period of time which is only fixed by restarting the game.Once restarted, you can log back in with your character, the items and money you had accumulated but not any of the experience or skills. This means you have to start the gathering/ killing process all over again just to have the game stop leting you interact with the world once more, forcing a reset and putting you back to square one.While I see this game having a lot of potential in the future, until this issue is adressed the game is not worth the current £14 asking price. I will however be watching this game to see how it develops.Edit: It is worth noting that this could be down to server issues, since it has only just been released and may well be fixed in the next few hours."
76561198153171082,Not Recommended,412450,24266532,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Supreme_Gandi,"This game is awful. yeah i get it, its in early access but wtf cant even load the game without it crashing. I meet and surpass the recommended requirements by far I run tripple A games 60+ FPS no problem. feel like the Devs stole my money. only bought it because the other reviews said its fine just buggy. WRONG"
76561198000067678,Not Recommended,412450,26590921,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Galactic Pimp,GAME IS DEAD. RIP
76561198064918062,Not Recommended,412450,22518347,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,lwb0738,"Well EA is alive and well in this one. I would wait atleast 3-6 months for this to be any good at all. So far there are no critters to kill, the crafting is messed up and removes me from server if i press craft item. The fighting is very clunky and non responsive. If you buy this game know that this game will suck for awhile. However it does have promise with the ummm ahhh ill think of something redeemable i hope."
,Not Recommended,412450,25676485,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dizzy,bad.
76561198067456947,Not Recommended,412450,34645630,Posted: 31 August,all,Angusdog1,its♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy it i refunded
76561197972710825,Not Recommended,412450,24343476,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,oof,To refund or not to refund? That is the question.
,Not Recommended,412450,22517587,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Wetsz,"Playing this game is like drinking your 10th beer.You want to like it, But you're already to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to give a ♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,412450,33785974,Posted: 25 July,all,Lord Bailey,I didn't enjoy the game.
,Recommended,412450,22516318,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,xx),beautiful
76561198033405514,Not Recommended,412450,22517176,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/TheSneakret,"Game crashes, cannot join servers, DONT BUY THIS GAME YET!"
76561197978353809,Not Recommended,412450,22516961,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,YuluXue.ERIC,graphic is really really bad. can't believe it's made with UE4.Text box can't even automatically scroll to the bottom.animation is weird.worst camera movement ever!don't waste your money.
,Recommended,412450,22756946,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mr Saxon,"After getting a refund awhile back i gave these guys another try. Glad I did. They may be slow with the progres but they are a very small team and seem new to the game making scene, that doesnt mean that they arent good. What we have so far is decent but needs some improvements especially with the food system. That said I do however recomend this for those who are patient. Otherwise just wait till release. This game will be epic when finished."
76561198099785448,Recommended,412450,22518064,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,The Shape,"Edit: Finaly got the chance to play this game, sent the General to a settlement under attack by raiders. My first impression of this Holotape is well... I have no idea how the past worked but man, This is worse then QuincyORIGINAL REVIEW:I shouldn't be sneaking off while the General is helping settlements but this piqued my interest. Unfortunately the holotape game constantly crashes on me, This institute technology is a load of garbage."
,Recommended,412450,22517301,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,General Coalition,"The game has changed alot now. It still needs work, but is now playable.My last review on this early access game was negative, but i will change it to positive, only because i can see that the delevopers are making an efford to get this game a chance."
,Not Recommended,412450,22561945,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Dodge Challenger,"Don't buy this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ After pointing out the flaws in there communication system with the middleman between the devs, I was banned because they couldnt handle the trueth. Their Report system doesnt even work correctly. This is just a cash grab. -5/10"
,Recommended,412450,29279692,Posted: 15 January,all,Rustergroovie,I'm happy to report that this game is actually shaping up.
76561198085263845,Not Recommended,412450,25847716,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SHABAZZZ,game never gets updated super buggy nobody is ever on the servers i do not recommend this unless it was 1$ also the game has been dead before it was ever released dont waste your time or hard earned money
76561197970699949,Recommended,412450,22523389,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Friendly,"15 January 2017i said i would try it again and now i have . the game has come a long way since the ludicrious state they released the first alpha in. it still needs a lot of work done to it but the basic functionality is there now and you can see where they are going with it. in its current state it is actually playable and is quite good.------Original Alpha Release Day Review.not ready even for alpha . cant turn of the music , cant turn off full screen , cant change the resolution. 0/10  will review again"
,Not Recommended,412450,22519004,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,im just here to roleplay chill,"-NEW REVIEW-A few months after release and nothing has really happened, Extremely disappointed, rather than adding new weather effects, how about you take away NPC magical ping wizard gambledalf teleportation powers instead. The playerbase is as empty as my steam wallet and soul after wasting money on this, I'm aware it's early access, but I haven't seen any real progress so far."
,Recommended,412450,24660079,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[2nd] CurlyConnor,"The Black Death has come a long way since its first EA release last year.I went on for the first time in many many months and was pleasantly suprised as to how far development has come, the game is no longer broken, has a good linier and easy to follow class and leveling up system which rewards you the longer you play.I really think this game has amazing potential in the future and would highly recommend.However, there is one massive downside to this game which is really sad.The population of the servers is very small, perhaps this is due to how the game was at launch and people have never returned, but i seriously beg you all to give it a go and support this community before this gem of a game dies eternally :("
76561198052684021,Recommended,412450,24669107,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Russel,Was surprised the devs are still working on this. This game has lot of potential when they just keep working on it. Great atmosphere and the middle age plague era fits perfectly in the survival genre.
,Recommended,412450,25451732,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Comrade Potato,Pros:-Fun to explore-Usually always something to do-No safe zonesCons:-This game is an eating simulator. Most of your time will be spent munching on food or getting more food.
76561198345989770,Recommended,412450,35223356,Posted: 26 September,all,Stellablu,"I haven't played since a few updates past, and alot was done beyond expected. Everything looks way better and there's more to do and see. Very cool... I like this game way more right now, and the vibe is as dark and depressing as I could only imagine it really was. I just hope more people will come to struggle in the hopeless dark of night only to die like the vermin and fleas who brought the black to us :) Cheerio..."
76561198097822206,Recommended,412450,33913266,Posted: 30 July,all,♃ ♄ ♅ ♆ ♇ ⏚ ⏛ ⌥,I like the idea a lot but the optimization and the controlls are realy bad(EDIT:// Actually i like it now and it gets developet weekly so its worth it)
,Recommended,412450,35239129,Posted: 27 September,all,KraziKiwi,"I bought this game way back in Jun 2016, and have played a few hours here and there when i want. I love the survival idea of it except those evil wolves/dogs that keep stalking me through the forest. but other than that i like the whole concept of trying not to die by the plague. I like the ability of dying yet coming back to skills still being there.Also when your character is drunk their top half flops all around and is utterly hilarious for me when i make them run in circles.Its got very quiet servers but I dont really care its quite easy to just pretend im playing a single player survival game and then when people arrive its multiplayer.It definetly still has ways and ways to go and i cant wait to see how it goes."
,Recommended,412450,35368588,Posted: 1 October,all,WelshyWolf,"even in apha the thought of this game is brill for just a 7 man team,true saviver in old times no this gun bs u need savive the plage that will kill u and other players and npc'sand it give u a chance to talk n trade with others or be a♥♥♥♥♥and rob every thing goinglove it please guy keep it up and finish this game as grate as it could be"
