user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198105792373,Recommended,412670,19556487,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ColdSnap,"SOUNDTRACK INLUDED IN A FREE DLC, don't forget it (MP3, 320 kbps)Free version without bonus content available on kongregate if you want to try it first.----This game is a bullet hell: you are alone against wave and wave of ennemy filling the screen with bullet, luckily your hitbox is only a few pixel wide (visible as a small circle on the screen). It's an arcade game where you can lose fast but learn the pattern and improves as you play. Total newcomer to the genre should still be able to beat the game in normal difficulty, the heavenly difficulty on the other hand offer a true challenge.Pro:-Great maniability  with keyboard, mouse or controller (controller integration is on point)-Good readability for a bullet hell, there is even a ""high contrat bullet"" option-Customization with cheat and handicap-Amazing soundtrack included (as a free DLC)-Humor between the level, if you liked the tone of Epic Battle Fantasy 4 it's the same-You can test the game for free on flash game websiteCon (?):-True bullet hell with no permanent upgrade, you are supposed to improve skillwise while playing-12$ is a great deal if you like the genre and the soundtrack, a little bit too much if you're not sure. In that case you should try the free flash version first.Conclusion:One of the best bullet hell for newcomer to the genre, still a good one for the touhou player. Worth every penny if you like bullet hells"
,Recommended,412670,28117068,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tineard,"Very nice Bullet Hell game. One of those games, where you can hardly find any flaws.Pros:1.Good difficulty scale, you can reduce difficulty and get less points and lower rank or crank difficulty up to get top score, so it's game for both new people and veterans.2.Very nice and bright levels-enemies-bullets, you won't ever miss a bullet because it's same color as environment, but at the same time not too bright to hurt eyes.3.Diverse enemies, stages, bosses - patterns never exactly repeat and rarely even closely resemble each other.4.Can be played with up to 4 players, but it's not required for any achievements (you can do 2 co-op achievs alone, those are easy)5.Can be played with controllers, mouse and keyboard - no matter what you prefer. (altho to be fair, it's a lot harder to play with just k/b)6.Awesome music, really-really great music, it's perfect, enough said. ^^7.Fun dialogue, even tho there is not much of it in total, but still keeps atmoshpere of Epic Battle Fantasy games.8.NoLegs is awesome.Cons:I literally don't see any. Ofc if you're not into the genre - nothing can be done, but if you are or willing to try - great game to play."
,Recommended,412670,19680759,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,dreizehnX,"Normally I don't even like this kind of games - but Bullet Heaven 2 looked really cool so I thought I'd give it a try.I was really surprised there are even some dialogues (which are awesome).The unlockable characters, costumes and weapons are great and the whole game is made very well.The soundtrack is extreme catchy.Somestimes I have problems seeing the bullets but as I never played games from this genre before this is not very surprising."
76561198072270271,Recommended,412670,19894395,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Athetos,"Disclaimer: I played all of Matt's games and was a big fan of Bullet Heaven 1.Bullet Heaven 2 is an incredibly pretty Bullet Hell game full of content, and it comes packed with features to adjust the difficulty for any player.  But at the end of the day, it is still a Bullet Hell game.  If you don't derive any enjoyment from moving your tiny hitbox (it's one pixel) through intricate patterns of near-death, then this will game will quickly wear thin for you.  If on the other hand you have even a passing interest in this genre or SHMUPs of any kind, you will definitely enjoy this game.Gameplay:  Many others have listed the numbers, but there are a crap ton of stages with 3 difficulty levels, and each world has two bosses as well as a random survival level.  The game's characters all have minor differences and 3 subweapons each, with no two subweapons being exactly the same.  You will definitely find something that suits your playstyle in this bunch.  There are optional cheats and handicaps to tweak the difficulty both ways, but nothing in the way of permanent upgrades like in BH1.  This game is more ""pure"" than that; your character does not improve over time, only your skill does.  The high scores are heavily influenced by difficulty, meaning that the only way to compete for top scores on the leaderboards is to git gud at Heavenly difficulty.  This provides a nice incentive for players to get better, while in no way locking out casual players from completing the game on Normal.Controls:  Responsive but not without caveats.  The Mouse and Keyboard setup is clearly most ideal, as mouse movement gives you a huge advantage in precision.  It also supports controllers including properly analog stick control, which when combined with other features can yield enough precision to even beat Heavenly difficulty without resorting to mouse.  There is a ""focus"" button to slow down your character while held, but you can invert this option to always move slowly and use the button to gain a sprint mode.  Highly recommended as the setup for controller, but redundant for mouse since you can just move the mouse less.  Unfortunately, you can't remap or rebind almost any of these control options.Graphics:  Overly cutesy with soft lines and pleasant, but obviously flash, animation.  The character art is something I'm used to and is true to Matt's usual style.  It's a huge step up from BH1 though.  Conversely, the bullets themselves look highly professional and the boss patterns match up to anything else on the market.  The game has performance issues for some people, but playing in windowed mode instead of fullscreen seems to fix most FPS issues.Soundtrack:  Unbelievable, 11/10.  Halyconic Falcon X (Phyrnna) is the composer and is even a playable character this time around.  You get the entire OST FOR FREE when you buy the game, and can listen to any song in-game in the gallery.  The SFX are mostly decent.  Some are really good, but some of the enemy shot SFX are kinda grating and annoying to me.  Fortunately the options let you turn off these sounds (among other things) if you so desire.Finally, this game has some sort of mysterious power to be HIGHLY addicting.  I get that way with new games a lot, but everyone I personally know who owns this game, has a really hard time putting it down."
,Recommended,412670,20556163,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ghost Princess Lem,"Do you like shooting enemies?Do you like dodging tons of bullets?Do you like collecting coins, gems and unlocking stuff?Do you like a quirky, amusing cast of characters that are incredibly genre-savvy?Then you might like Bullet Heaven 2! For the reasons why I like and recommend this game, keep reading!======Like most people, I started getting into Matt Roszak's games through the Epic Battle Fantasy RPGs. Eventually, I was surprised to learn that Roszak expanded into other game genres, particularly the Arcade-style vertical Shooter. Yes, I played Bullet Heaven long before the sequel was released. While I enjoyed the game quite a bit, I didn't feel like it stood out that much amongst the other flash-based shooters I played (sorry Matt).Thankfully, Bullet Heaven 2 cuts out the bits that held the original game back and tightens its gameplay to a laser-focused point. BH2 is a true arcade shmup to the core, for all the right reasons.The main thing that was dropped from Bullet Heaven 1 was the Upgrade Shop. You could buy powerups for your characters using the gold gained from defeated enemies. While this is nice and all, it made the game play out entirely differently from BH2. Your upgrades dictated your skill level, not your actual skill itself (though in BH1's defense, some of the levels are super hard even with upgrades). Axing the Upgrade Shop was a very smart idea and I feel BH2 benefitted heavily from the change.That being said, howdoesBH2 play? Well, like a typical score-based shmup, as one may expect. You dodge bullets, you shoot enemies, you collect the point items you drop, and that's about it. You can control your character through either the keyboard, mouse or controller, though I honestly prefer the mouse. The amount of control and precision offered with the mouse is incredible, and I wish more shmup games like this had mouse (though maybe they don't for that reason, sometimes the mouse is TOO accurate at times, at least when the game isn't lagging).You will probably need this precision quite badly in Bullet Heaven 2, because as the screenshots show, it's one of those Danmaku-style games where bullets fill the screen, creating claustrophobic patterns for you to weave through. Games like these can be intimidating at first, BH2 gives you many options to change the difficulty. aside from the three difficulty levels that adjust the number of bullets the enemies fire, there are cheats and handicaps to adjust your attack power and bullet speed, give you more health/bombs and temporary powerups. If you don't care about unlocking high-end stuff or high scores and just want to blast things, feel free to use the Cheats as upgrades to make things easier.If you DO want to chase high scores and three-star rankings, however, the game has a simple yet effective scoring system in plae. Cheats lower score, Handicaps increase it, as does the difficulty itself. Clearing an enemy wave without getting hit, running out of time or bombing gives you a diamond, which boosts your score multiplier. Therefore, getting a high score mainly relies on clearing waves quickly, though you can also gain some extra points by collecting the coins enemies drop. And since this is a bullet hell game, you earn points for grazing bullets and clearing them from the screen too, though depending on the difficulty they may or may not be worth the effort.In addition to chasing Medals and High Scores, the shop in this game adds alternate sub-weapons and costumes for each character, changing their play style. I honestly prefer using a costume that increases my item-grabbing radius, as I love collecting coins and increasing my score with them. When I'm not chasing achievements, I usually use Phrynna in her Fairy Wings outfit, she has amazing damage output against most bosses and enemies (I use Dry NoLegs for things like the robotic wasp boss).Speaking of weapons, each character has a sub-weapon in addition to their main shot, which can be fired off once their subweapon gauge is full. You can also charge up an attack with your main shot to deal extra damage, but I rarely use it. Each smart bomb also acts a little differently and does damage depending on the character and mods you are using, but you can only carry so many per level, so use them wisely!In terms of content and story...Well, there's not too much of a story. Monsters start attacking Matt and friends out of the blue, so they travel across ten or so worlds to try and figure out why they're being targeted.It turns out that the final boss of EBF3, Akron, was apparently behind this mess. Didn't expect that!The story is told through dialog between the party members before and after each stage, and it is pretty funny most of the time. Matt's the dim-witted warrior, Natalie's the sarcastic magical girl, Lance is the somewhat serious tech-head (whom has a serious crush on Natalie), Anna is the nature girl, and NoLegs...Is the team pet, not much else to say there, heh.Dry NoLegs and Slime Bunny appear in a couple of scenes, but they have little effect on the plot, and Phyrnna doesn't appear at all in the story. There's also no proper ending cutscene or credits after the final boss, so be aware of that.Each world has seven levels; four normal story levels, a boss level, a tougher boss, and an endless level.In terms of presentation...The game looks great. Roszak's cartoony anime-ish art style really fits the setting for this game, yet he also does a fine job of making some truly detailed and intimidating monsters and backgrounds. There is also a gallery where you can choose the sidebar graphics, main menu backgrounds, and even listen to the awesome music Phrynna made for this game! The game can run at a smooth 60 FPS, or it can be locked at 30 FPS if you feel your computer can't handle 60 FPS for whatever reason. Lots of graphical options and screen sizes exist as well, so tweak them to your liking. I didn't have that many visibility problems while playing this game, aside from getting hit by a bullet that was hiding behind another bullet or something dumb like that.And yes, like most arcade shmups, there is Multiplayer, but I feel it gets in the way of pursuing high scores since you have to work well with your friends to get said high scores. It's good for a laugh, however.I apologize for this being a lengthy review, but I hope it's been helpful regardless. If you enjoy these kinds of arcade shooters, then Bullet Heaven 2 will be right up your alley, and I highly recommend purchasing it."
,Recommended,412670,28179062,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Neaira Zephyrus,"Bullet Heaven 2 has a good difficulty scale, you can reduce difficulty and get less points and lower rank or make the difficulty up to get higher scores, it's game that welcomes both new and veterans players. Beautiful artwork, stunning bullet patterns and great music. Each stage is also different so the patterns are not the same."
,Recommended,412670,19664641,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Hatecrime,"I'm not the biggest fan of Bullet Hell or Shoot 'em Ups in general, but I'm a big fan of the developer and was willing to give this a shot; and it really surprised me.This is an incredibly accesible Bullet Hell game with a wide range of difficulty, if you or someone you know wants to get into the genre this is a great place to start. The game is also a very good Flash port with multiple control schemes (Including controller support) and a wide range of option, including the ability to use high contrast bullets, hide things like score numbers, or cap the frame rate lower for lower end computers.The game is responsive and has a surprising amount of depth focused around the scoreboard; handicaps, bonuses, and a variety of mechanics can be used to alter your score to get higher and higher on the very well intergrated scoreboard (something most steam games fail miserably at).The art style may not be for everyone, but the bullet patterns are very aesthetic. The music on the other hand is, like Matt's other games, very good with a large variety to match different areas and bosses. The sound design is also nice and work well to punctuate actions like slain enemies and grazed bullets allowing you to focus elsewere.Where the game really shines is the sheer amount of content: 3 Difficulties, 8 Characters (Each with multiple costumes and sub-weapons that are all unique to each character), over 70 stages with dozens of bosses. If you were to start on Normal and play through every stage on each difficulty you'd see well over 300 unique waves.Oh, and it's got 4-Player local co-op too, which is really neat.I suggest this to any Bullet Hell fan looking for something to play and especially anyone looking to get into them.Now get to work on EBF5, Matt."
76561198119370615,Recommended,412670,20169493,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nefer Nightbug,"...They were to start the day on wings.Matt, the pirate-samurai warrior-knight.Natz, the busty mage packing serious spells.Lance, the pilot of the Valkyre Tank.Anna, a ranger from Greenleaf Town.NoLegs, the cat left behind.They didn't notice that a skeleton brimming with dark, destructive power was following them.Nor did they seem to spot a sweet, sticky slime bunny trailing their every move.And they did not see the reflection of an angel - a musician magician - flying high in the skies.Through the flower fields of Greenleaf, through an underwater grotto, while riding with a ready trigger.Through the snowbanks of Whitefall and the Crystal Caverns, to a zone of synthetic dreams in Lankyroot Jungle.They made a pass through the Waste Disposal Plant, on a whim (and Lance's insisting comments.)Through the lava caves of Va'no, through the Graybone Cemetery on a nox tenebris daemoniacae.Through sand and wind they fought, above the battlements.On an odyssey to the deep star, they fought through a nebula, and stared pure terror in the face.Through the powerful and bright with chaos of mind, they fought counts of darkness.And when they gazed upon a divine madness, they fought back with all they had.And truly, the world would be safe again, they hoped. Their cat's prowess convinced them to promote their pet cat to a full-time party member.BULLET HEAVEN 2: the second-best shooter game on Earth."
,Recommended,412670,19551630,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Knallfrosch,"Loved it when it came on Kongregates, love the other Battle Fantasy parts too, so for me it is a must have."
,Recommended,412670,21199536,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,fictitiouspresence,"I've found myself growing more and more frustrated with traditional bullet hell games, but this one is excellent. It defies genre conventions in subtle ways, and in doing so produces a game that is enjoyable beyond the usual niche scope of this sort of thing.The most important thing for me is that it provides you with plenty of things to do besides endlessly repeating the same six levels for score. There's a lot of content! 70 levels, and the non-boss waves are an interesting challenge on their own instead of being a pointless grind. Plus there's a variety of characters and modes to unlock, and in-game achievements covering a wide range of potential activities.The other big difference compared to other danmaku is that the game is rather forgiving. The actual waves and patterns are as hard as any bullet hell, but you can recover life in a stage and can always start from any stage you've unlocked -- no endlessly repeating the first few areas in search of a one credit clear here. To me, this makes the game feel far more fair and approachable. I find myself wanting to put in the effort to learn the harder patterns, since the game makes them available to practice as much as I need to.As for the rest, it's a very solid entry in the genre. Great music, cute art and character designs, and amusing party banter at the start and end of each level. Controls and interface are solid, and it's refreshing to play a danmaku that properly uses widescreen resolutions.My thanks to Matt Roszak for another great release -- looking forward to EBF5!"
76561198011236885,Recommended,412670,20653259,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Checkmate,"Pew pew pew!Oh, I died.Pew pew pew!Oh, I died.Pew pew pew!Oh, I diedPew pew pew!Grrrrr, I diedPew pew pew!Uggh, I diedPew pew pew pew!Hah, I made it farther this time!Pew pew pew!Oh, I died10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,412670,25582225,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Pandoev,"The Touhou's feel of bullet hell...The Touhou's feel of great soundtrack...The Touhou's feel of cute character...andThe Touhou's feel of pain of death...They're all hereReally great game, with more content and achievement to getPS: Real life friends required for multiplayer modeI'm so sad..."
,Recommended,412670,32211976,Posted: 5 June,all,ShyGuy,"My first bullet hell game, enjoying it quite a bit so far."
,Recommended,412670,23241739,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,IHNN,"I had fun with this game, though there are actually quite a lot of issues I had that were quite frustrating to deal with. I played through the entire game on only Heavenly difficulty and it took me around 15 hours to get all the achievements. I have a lot of bullet hell experience and this game still managed to challenge me, but not always for the right reasons... in spite of these complaints I did enjoy the game and the lower difficulties make it quite accessible.My first major issue was the constant lag spikes I was getting. I haven't had these since my first playthrough of the game, and so this issue isn't one any more.My second issue is that some of the waves are completely unreasonable or require a perectly choreographed path to complete. Most enemies shoot additional bullets on being killed, but they also flood the screen if not killed. So you'd think you just balance that by killing a few, dodge what's left... but that rarely worked. The only feasible way to handle most stage waves is to speedkill enemies. Further, some enemies (especially in world 9) have really dumb patterns. My preferred shot type was Matt with either the Titan Blade or Holy Swords, and neither of these have spread coverage. The homing shots in this game felt pretty weak as well, and can't keep the stronger enemies off the board. So overall some stages are designed so that different waves are nearly impossible for different shot types. That's not exactly great, but it's an unavoidable side effect of 24 different shots available. But when a lot of them are forward focus only, it's not unreasonable to expect forward-focus to be able to manage the waves and seeing that many waves couldn't be reasonably done was a little disappointing.The next issue I had was the diamond system. This is more of a personal nitpick than anything else, but you only get diamonds for killing all enemies in a wave without bombing while at full health. If the first 2 requirements are met, a heart is dropped instead, and if an enemy escapes or you bomb, nothing is dropped. Hearts and diamonds both refill both the primary and secondary gauges, allowing the next wave to be speedkilled easier. Bombing costs 1 diamond but losing a life costs 2: that wave itself plus the next one which becomes a heart. This makes any early mistakes immediately catastrophic for a rank, which was especially annoying on bosses or when I got hit as a resullt of a lag spike.Building on the previous, the survival levels are quite fun...until you get dealt a ridiculous wave nearly impossible for the shot type you went in with and die. It turns what would otherwise be a nice test of skill into an RNG-fest. Again, world 9's enemies are either well balanced or absurd, and the absurd waves can end an attempt just by appearing. The item drops range from helpful to useless depending on when they're randomly dropped, as well. These levels were still fun, but could have been much stronger. And that's true of much of the game as well.Finally: the bosses. They, like the rest of the game, lack a real difficulty curve. Past the first stage I felt like the difficulty stayed overall constant, with random absurd spikes. The bosses fall into this as well with some patterns being trivial, and then immediately followed up by nearly impossible waves. The final boss takes this almost too far, with my star approach being capture the first 3, carefully choreographed wave 4 with 1 bomb, capture the nearly absurd wave 5 and 6, bomb 7 and 8, capture 9 (which is trivial once you realize it's just vertical streaming), and dodge wave 10, which is absurd. I'm sure the balance is better on hard, but that doesn't mean that the highest difficulty should be unbalanced.So in conclusion: Bullet Heaven 2 is a good, fun bullet hell held back from being great by balance issues. If you like bullet hells, you'll like this game, but may find it frustrating in places.  When it's good, it's amazing (World 6 bosses especially). Just be mindful of the schizophrenic curve.edit, 2 years later: my biggest issue was lag, as mentioned above, and on my current setup I haven't had that problem once. That alone boosts the game quite far, but doesn't help the schizophrenic curve."
76561197968914774,Recommended,412670,29039504,Posted: 5 January,all,Charles Pierce,"I've been eyeing this game for months ever since playing Epic Battle Fantasy 4 and I'm happy I finally picked it up. If the bullet hell gameplay doesn't drive you forward then the levels and dialogue will. I didn't think I had it in me to play this genre but the first levels do a good job of easing the player in.I bought it for 4 dollars, but even at 12 dollars I don't think anyone would regret the purchase. It has fun dialogue, good music, a bunch of unlocks/stages, and a pleasing artstyle. If you're like me and you question whether or not to get a game for months on end then I'd recommend to bite the bullet on this one."
76561198041858494,Recommended,412670,19683037,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Nazrin-chan~,"I've played a good number of bullet hell games, but this is probably the best I've played.Pros:- Wide selection of characters and weapons- Amazing soundtrack (and it's free DLC!)-  Easier settings good for people new to the genre, but offers a challenge for more experienced players on harder difficulties- Cheats and handicaps allow for a large amount of customisation- Surprisingly good length for a bullet hell shmup- Visuals are cutesy and nice to look at- Dialogue is hilarious- Tons of medals for achievement hunters- Multiplayer with friends is a ton of fun- Various control options to suit any playerCons:- Game does suffer from some slight framerate lag at times- Sometimes the game freezes and takes a long time to loadThis is possibly the best flash game I've ever seen. The game has a huge number of levels (70 total) and even after every level is completed, all the medals and leaderboards are enough to give you a push to do even better. The patterns are gorgeous to look at, and there are a good number of patterns that offer decent challenges. Most patterns feel completely unique, and learning how to beat them all (usually) doesn't end up causing a great deal of frustration, and remains generally fun. There are 19 huge bosses to fight, 40 regular stages to conquer and 11 survival stages to test your abilities with. Beating hard levels is most definitely satisfying, and it's always good to go back and challenge levels time and time again for high scores. All of that added together makes for some of the best times I've had with a bullet hell game, or just games in general.EDIT: Having now beaten the game and having obtained every achievment in the game, I think I should do a small update to this review. While the game is definitely a lot of fun, it's worth noting that some of the later achievments are only worth attempting if you have a lot of experience, or a lot of patience.  It took me a good 24 hours of gameplay to unlock and beat every level, and another 11 hours to unlock the rest of the achievments I had left. Putting everything this game offers into consideration, I'd definitely say it's worth picking up. The game does sometimes become frustrating, but it feels rewarding to beat a tough level. I genuinely had a ton of fun with this from start to finish."
76561198043917094,Recommended,412670,19587420,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Crimson,"TL DR version: great game to get into the bullet hell genre, has a lot of content for newcomers and veterans alikeFull review:The bullet hell genre is very a niche genre (one of those love or hate it cases), most people are afraid of playing these kind of games once they see the barrage of♥♥♥♥♥♥flying everywhere in the screen (most people i know call me crazy for liking these games) and its exacly where this game shines.Bullet Heaven 2 has a lot of features to help newcomers with get used to dodging bullets, greasing, paying attention to patterns and etc without being overwhelming, its very forgiving and holds you by the hand (if you want), it starts of pretty easy and with each level introduces you to new concepts and slowly ramps up the difficulty, it also has other in game mechanics to ease things like the counter bomb (instead of losing a life when you get hit, you counter bomb to wipe the screen and lose only the bomb, not the life), 3 lifes before you die and has to restart (with heart drops being possible after every wave) and all enemy bullets becoming slower if you only have one heart left.All that plus ""cheats"" that you buy in the game store, things like attack power, item drops (double attack, shields, bombs etc), increased max. life, increased item grab ratius, even more drops and others. of course with each one that you activate you give yourself a penalty in your score but if you are learning or just wanting to have fun that probably wont bother you.You, my friend who also enjoys bullet hells, must be thinking: this game only for ""filthy casuals"" and I´m happy to say that its not the case, the game has 3 difficulty settings and in the last one, heavenly, it gets pretty crazy (don´t worry, you don´t need to beat the game or anything to get it) and same as the ""cheats"" we have the ""handicaps"", no item drops, counter bombing or anything that I mentioned above, but we get faster enemy bullets, decreased attack power, only one life and whats probably the most entertaining mode, the ""pacifist"" mode (where you don´t shoot and have to time out every wave and give you a high score for clearing it), as the cheats they modify your multiplier but in a positive way, so more handicaps = 1.30x / 1.50x / 1.70x etc (with regular steam highscore updates)With all that out of the way we only have a few features to talk about like the big roster of characters ( 8 characters with 4 skins that grant different bonuses, 3 main weapons and 3 sub weapons each), survival mode mode (only one life, one bomb and no cheats or handicaps) and the coolest IMO 2-4 player mode ( get your friends and enjoy the mayhem)well thats it, hope you find this review useful and give this game a shot if you are interested in getting into bullet hells or liked them already.good luck out there :D"
,Recommended,412670,22328670,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,"Love this shot 'em up game, the characters and enemy you face are all so cute and lovable!"
,Not Recommended,412670,24231504,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,brzoskswinia,"I'm a big fan of bullet hell STGs, one of the first that I played being Bullet Heaven 1. While I look back at that game with nostalgia, and BH2 is an improvement in every way, I still have a hard time recommending it having played the likes of Touhou, Crimzon Clover, or Cave's stuff.There's admittedly a lot to like here. The boss levels are all pretty good. There's a lot of fun bullet patterns in every difficulty, so you can basically dive in no matter your skill level. This idea is taken further with the ""cheats and handicaps"" system which is supposed to let you further customise your difficulty. The cheats being an interesting alternative to the continues you would get in most STGs, bringing the idea into an arcadeless era. There are achievements and lots of unlockables.But the game is really let down by the non-boss levels. There are very many of these and they quickly start feeling like a slog. While there are quite a few enemies, they tend to just spawn in big rectangles and either throw bullets directly at you or everywhere. I guess it gets the defense right, as weaving through bullets feels good, but not really the offensive side. If feels like enemies can either be spawn-killed or are tanky to the point where killing them doesn't really feel good.There are also problems having to do with how the game is in flash. That means you might need a more powerful machine than you might expect to run it smoothly, and running an STG smoothly is paramount. I also couldn't get it working on Linux and so had to boot up my rusty win7 install, which I don't like to do.That having been said I don't regret my purchase. I've been a huge fan of Phyrnna's music for a while and the soundtrack they made for this title doesn't disappoint."
,Recommended,412670,30112120,Posted: 22 February,all,Wegra,Amazing game Especially considering that its probably one of the first  only non japanese bullet hells on the market. All the hard work put into this shows and I totally reccomend this to any tohou or bullet hell fan. Very good for beginners too
76561198004776219,Recommended,412670,19600646,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Denferok,"Coming from someone who doesn't enjoy touhou, this game is fantastic and just a joy to play. The best part is, this game is truly for everyone (if you like the genre). There are so many different settings to tweak the difficulty and make it accessible for your average casual or someone who wants a real challenge.Not to mention the soundtrack by Phyrnna (so you know it has to be great) is completely free! How awesome is that.If you're sceptical you can always play the free web version over at kongregate which has most of the content already unlocked.It's so good and I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,412670,29575922,Posted: 29 January,all,Power the great,"Bullet Heaven 2 is a great game.I love the Epic Battle Fantasy series, I love bullet hell games, so this game made my day/week/month/year/life.While it doesn't quite have the level of customisation found in EBF 3 and 4, this game is still has the most customisation in any bullet hell game I know of.This game is brilliant, I love it, and if you have enough money, get it."
76561198051873552,Recommended,412670,19801630,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,GUNnibal,"First of all, I played the hell out of the first Bullet Heaven (which, sadly, never made it to Steam), so, needless to say, I've been waiting for BH2 with bated breath. And it certainly delivered.If I were to describe the game with one word, it would besatisfying. It took the very best features of the original and made them even better. More characters, more weapons, more BADA** BOSSES, longer levelsand a bigger d**kBut let's look at things in a bit more detail.We have 8 playable characters, each with a different play style and a bunch of weapons and costumes (those provide some minor bonuses) to boot. My personal favourites are Matt, Phyrnna and NoLegs (that kitty is OP as hell, btw). Making use of their strengths and avoiding their weaknesses is ESSENTIAL for surviving on difficulties other then Normal (though the final set of levels  may argue with that - those are quite nightmarish even on Normal).Speaking of difficulty, there is a lot of ways for the player to customize it. Enabling certain cheats and handicaps gives a chance to those of us who are not well-versed in bullet-hells AND can satisfy even the toughest of hardcore players. My personal favourite handicap is pacifist mode. It leaves the player with no ways to damage enemies, forcing him/her to survive through waves by waiting for them to end. Also that makes some levels hard as b***s. Even on Normal. Luckily, only one pixel of the character can take damage making things fair.Next, the BOSSES. Yes, all caps, they deserve it. The patterns of bullet-hells they tend to generate can and will leave you speechless. They look amazing and are deadly enough to push you to the very extent of your abilities. Keep in mind, btw, some of their shots bounce, so if you are like me and prefer to keep your distance, you can get some surpriseb**tsexattacks from behind. My personal favourite is the Wicked Weaver. Seriously, look at that thing and try telling me you don't want this adorable monstrosity as a pet.Also the final BOSS.This is where I have to forego my verdict of ""fair"" as this guy is anything but that. Seriously, if you play on Normal and think that things are kind of easy, wait for the final stage before cranking the difficulty up. Akron is the worst features of every boss so far thrown in a blender and spiced with some cyanide just to make sure. Hardcore guys - have fun beating him on Hard and Heavenly for 3-stars rating.And last, but not the least, the soundtrack. Phyrnna (the composer) outdid herself. Every tune fits the levelperfectly, especially boss themes. Those will make your blood boil, trust me. Also catchy as hell. This is where I struggle to name a personal favourite as all the tracks are worthy of the title.To summarize: awesome action, incredible music, smooth controls, cute visuals and customizable difficulty. If you played BH1 than this is everything you ever dreamed of. If not - it's easy enough to get into so hop on. Buy it, I can guarantee that you won't regret a single penny.P.S. And now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off to try and finally do that pacifist marathon. I'm so dead."
,Recommended,412670,24799308,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Yal,"TLDR this game is great, get it.Long version:Bullet Heaven 2 is a pretty amazing (or, well, at least SLIGHTLY amazing) danmaku game that accounts for both newbies to the genre and veterans. The game is built around bite-sized stages that can be replayed at will, so getting a game over never means you lose progress, and it's the perfect thing to pick up when you want to have fun for 15 minutes... but with almost a hundred of them, you still get a lot of bang for the buck! The harder difficulty settings give you a real challenge, and get so hard I've not managed to clear stage 1-1 on the hardest difficulty yet despite years of casually fiddling with danmakus.The game also has some nice customization options to let you tailor your experience for your taste... money dropped by enemies can be used to unlock cheats to make the game easier, handicaps to make it harder, and lots of customization options like alternate weapons and characters; each has slightly different play style and switching up characters or weapons to suit the stage you're going to play has a big impact on your experience. You can play co-op with up to 3 friends for an easier or harder time depending on how well you coordinate your attacks, too.The game doesn't punish you for using cheats and playing it safe, but it rewards you for playing well. Each stage has 3 extra-difficult optional bonus waves accessed if you get enough Perfects on the normal waves, which offer huge score boosts and extra cash for the unlockables; you can unlock hidden bosses and stages in each world, and all the game's achievements also rewards you with a substantial amount of unlockables cash giving you an incentive to achieve them. There's also a bunch of achievements awarded for very silly or stupid-to-attempt things encouraging you to take the game less serious and try things outside your comfort zone, and before you know it, it'll become second nature.Bullet Heaven 2 combines the best parts of Jamestown's co-op and Touhou's tight bullet pattern design with a small pinch of roguelike elements, and it's pretty unique in the amount of polish and quality it has, but the best parts of it is how accessible it is. You'll probably only play in short, intense bursts, but it feels like you've had fun for hours."
76561198077708925,Recommended,412670,22665569,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ernesew,Beautiful game. Heart went into making this. AMAZING soundtrack and one of most intense yet beautiful bullet hells I have ever played.
,Recommended,412670,22834259,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lollipop lol,"The first Bullet Heaven was amazing, So naturally the sequel must be amazing. And it is!Pros- The music is phenomenal, props to Phyrnna- The art is very well done (and cute!), especially the borders (but I play 4:3 so I don't see them much)- The bullets look even better than the bullets in the last game- Tons of levels for tons of playhours- Three difficulties, which means that even if you're a novice at bullet hells or a seasoned Touhou player, it's still challenging and funCons- The hitbox for the bullets is quite smaller than the sprite, and when you turn on high contrast bullets to fix this, all the bullets turn into white round bullets- The dialogue is a bit cringey at times- 13 dollars is kinda pricey considering there's a 'free version' online (or maybe I'm just stingy)tl;drWhile the game is a little expensive, it's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,412670,22372313,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,󠀡Bizarrefrank,This game is so fun!
,Recommended,412670,22688333,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Qunt,"Amazing!Perfect gameply, perfect controls, perfect visuals, perfect music, so much replyability and great chalange to boot."
76561197996604397,Recommended,412670,23960499,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Uncertified Anvil,Oh my god the music in this game is worth more than the pricetag on its own.
,Recommended,412670,19583017,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Robb216,"The bullet patterns are sooo pretty.... oh, I hit one again"
76561198075533627,Recommended,412670,20859242,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Shino,welp i just bought this game and my god is it amazing dodging bullets like theres no end i was always a fan of the epic battle games but this oh my god is it fun
76561198177238223,Recommended,412670,21589476,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,AaroSa,Turned on heavenly difficulty and went to fight a boss.The game basically became a maze running game.5/5
,Recommended,412670,25838694,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,blakzer,"Bullet Heaven 2 puts you in the shoes of either Matt or NoLegs from Epic Battle Fantasy, with the rest of the heroes and three bonus characters being unlockable as you play the game. As the title implies, the game is a bullet hell, and will throw walls of bullets you're expected to dodge through. However, the game takes time to descend into the chaos the genre is typically known for if you start from Normal, the easiest difficulty, and/or purchase and enable cheats. For those that desire an extra challenge, however, there are handicaps that boost the amount of points you earn, but make the game even harder in turn. The only handicap that doesn't boost your score is the Pacifist one, where you simply get a very good rank at the end of the stage instead.While it may not be the absolute best place for new players to get into the genre, Bullet Heaven 2 is still a blast to play and is fairly accessible to boot."
76561198025266670,Recommended,412670,19674540,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,draconian144,"Awesome.  This game is a legitimate bullet hell.  Unlike Bullet Heaven 1 where you could upgrade to win, this one no longer has ""upgrades"" per se.  Instead, you can turn on cheats or handicaps to make it easier or harder.  This game is very good and has a gorgeous art style that is familiar if you've played other games by this author.  Cute and creative enemies along with themed bullet patterns make this game a must have for bullet hell lovers from beginners to advanced."
,Recommended,412670,19552766,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cichy133,"Very good, solid gameplay. Awesome, climactic music. Responsive and tight controls. Full controller support. Customizable difficulty. Sweet western - anime inspired art style and humour. Can't wish for more. Perfect title for Danmaku genre fans, 10/10."
,Recommended,412670,19794731,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Anorna,"I once thought i could dodge bullets. Heavenly mode taught me, that i'm not such a man. Must... not... break... mouse."
76561198174452350,Recommended,412670,20794091,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Therealfluffydog,"This is probably the best bullet hell shoot-em-up game I've ever played. Great graphics, gameplay and story. I really had fun with this one. It should be more popular than it is now. Right now it's being hogged up by a lot of popular games that are really bad in my opinion"
,Recommended,412670,20020627,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cap'n Crazy,"By playing this game in a public setting, I convinced an entire room of my friends that I possesed incredible coordination and lightning reflexes. Then I got up to get a drink and tripped over the ottoman on the way out.Faceplant/10. Highly recommended. Bring protective equipment."
76561198098440698,Recommended,412670,19794728,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Captain Cheez-It,"Just got this game and I'd like to say that even without being a bullet hell player, this game was fantastic! The game itself is very beautiful, but that doesn't stop it from being exponentially hard on the more difficult modes. All of the characters feel unique and the cheats/handicaps mechanic is excellent.  If you're looking for a much more detailed review, you can go look at Parallax Abstraction's much more in-depth review on youtube, it was also posted on the creator's website."
,Recommended,412670,20240493,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Craig Wescoe,"Yeah it's good. Solid mechanics, decent difficulty. Only real complaint is the amount of fireworks stuffed inside the enemies on Heavenly."
,Recommended,412670,22072246,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Artist1337,"""I'm safe from cold, I have a hat!"" -MattI wish I could use that argument when mom doesn't let me go out in cold weather."
,Recommended,412670,19859093,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Piña-tan,I love everything about it!!I love everything that is EBF related!!!!*  L O V E    I N T E N S I F I E S *
,Recommended,412670,28228634,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Cancer-Chan,Top nep.
,Recommended,412670,29253249,Posted: 14 January,all,Duke of York,"A great game that can be customised to your taste with the cheats/handicaps system, several difficulty levels that test your skills to the max the higher you go, and a live scoreboard. It's action-packed, the dialogue is funny (but it can be confusing if you haven't played the main EBF games), and it has a classic feel that anyone will like!"
,Recommended,412670,28086788,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AlphaGamerZ,"This game. It's the one. I'm sorry, Touhou. I'm going to be spending MUCH more time on this fabulous bullet hell. Seriously! With a hilarious storyline, many areas flowing with color, and best of all, the variety of bullets, enemies, and beautiful patterns, makes it one of the best - if not THE best - bullet hell type games I have played since my introduction to this genre of gaming. I even heard there will be a THIRD, so that's an absolute must. My only concerns about the game is that certain Normal patterns could easily be classified as Hard patterns, and , especially with the Final Boss, leans more towards usage of anything but the keyboard. The patterns can be so tightly woven or move so fast that playing with the keyboard doesn't make it a challenge anymore - it becomes next to impossible. That's my view on this game, though, and I hope that the third will be just as great, or better."
,Recommended,412670,20456305,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,TwitcheryGamer,"Bullet Heaven 2 is a Bullet Hell game, as the title suggests. If you like playing Shoot-em-Ups, or Bullet Hells, this game is definitely worth it. It has an astounding amount of customization, and it even lets people show off their skill with the in-game leaderboard and scores.Heavenly is the hardest difficulty, and you could probably play through the entirety of the first few levels, but then when you reach the 2nd world, it will begin to stomp on you. The bosses are fantastic, as are the survival levels. This won't be a disappointment."
,Recommended,412670,29586212,Posted: 30 January,all,caitsith2,Pretty awesome for a bullet hell game.
76561198176937917,Recommended,412670,20578359,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ryu.J,It`s an awesome game which is a little similiar to the bullet hell made by Touhou Project.+Nice graphics+A variety of enemies and backgrounds+Funny dialogues+Resonable difficulty+Free and good soundtrack10/10
76561198115152625,Recommended,412670,20807197,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lord Pendulian,Amazing game! One of the best bullet hell games I played.
,Recommended,412670,32096311,Posted: 31 May,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Shootemup & Bullet HellTLDR: Loads of polish, Solid Mechanics. Highly RecommendedReview: Multiple control schemes including Xbox360 pad detected out of the box with good default bindings and helpful on-screen diagrams. Resolution options offered by game launcher.Protag hitbox is actually just a dot which makes it a lot more manageable than what you might think from trailer video. Two different attack mode per protag with independent rechargeable attack bars to encourage you to alternate attacks and alternate from attacking to collecting rewards instead of always spamming attack buttons like most shootemups do. If you get overwhelmed you can use the bomb which will kill most everything on screen but have limited amounts of. Getting hit generates a chance of supplying you with another bomb which helps equalize difficulty.  Extra characters, items, cheat and handicap conditions are unlockable by grinding in-game coinage. Loads of ease of use options like transparency levels of protags and attack sprites.The game seems to mostly follow a formula of letting one wave in at a time void invaders style, then spawning slow moving bullets en-masse and allowing you to carefuly maneuver around dispatching foes collecting coins as you go.Seems like there is a healthy amount of levels available, online leaderboards integration. 4 Player co-op.Sound effects are very pleasant and the music is awesome. Nice use of EFB enemies, protags and setting with the same humor as tone that we have come to know and love. There are little cartoony animations for enemy deaths that are also quite well done.Conclusion: Definitely one of my favorite titles in this genre"
76561198081211897,Recommended,412670,19640042,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Firelander,"I am a huge fan of the first Bullet Heaven, and I bought this game on the first day of stem release.I've just completed it on normal difficulty.Soundtrack is nice, but the one from the first game was much memorable for me (Hi, Phyrnna! ^__^)I was upset that there is no weapon upgrades now, I liked after hours of earning money go to the early levels and devastate enemies with upgraded weapons. You can only change secondary weapon, and for me least of them are useful.Difficulty is altering. Bosses for me (on normal) are much easier than a general levels, because bosses always have predictable and avoidable pattern. I've got my first perfect run for boss level far from the zone 1. Only last boss with super fast missiles gave me some challenge.Survivals are difficult as hell, it's hard to get even one star rating for it.The game in middle easier than a first game, especially bosses. I think ""hard"" is more mathing level (I'll try it for more soon).The whole game is great. Crystal bright sprites, smooth bullet animation, good sound, funny dialogs. You can just beat it on normal or try to get higher score with handicaps and higher difficulty if you like challenges."
,Recommended,412670,19559013,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Have A Sad Cum,"If you're not an avid bullet hell player, this game will be a good entry into the genre."
,Recommended,412670,22965947,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Furry Bait Flygon,"Creative bosses, well designed stages, good music, a variety of characters, and a difficulty for (almost) everyone.What is there not to love?"
,Recommended,412670,25197285,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,(O.W.N) Platypus God,"While this is a very friendly game for new players of the Bullet Heaven genre to jump into, do NOT do what I did and try to get a perfect rank for the entire first world on Heavenly. First level, sure. First world? Have fun losing your cool at the bosses. (But hey, I got into the top 100's, I'm so proud.)But for the actual review?This game is awesome.Like I said, user friendly, you can use the keyboard, mouse, or controller. (However you can't move diagonally and use both your secondary and primary attack at the same time on keyboard.)The art style is amazing (and sometimes adorable).The bullets look nice.The gameplay is fun, with lots of bullet types and handicaps/cheats to hinder/help you, and different characters with different abilities and weapons.The music is divine as always, Phyrnna is the best music composer I've ever heard. Go buy that soundtrack.And finally, it runs really smoothly.On this potato of a device I call a laptop, this is the first game I've played that ran at 60 fps.Now that I know what 60 fps is and looks like, I can die happy.TL;DRThere is no reason to not get this game.Unless you're broke.Then go rob a bank.THEN buy this game."
76561198142127133,Recommended,412670,20281599,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,wildpiggy2006,This is the best game I've ever played in my life I'm so addicted to it help
76561198109925188,Recommended,412670,20496511,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lord Touch Me,"Excellent Gameplay, Excellent Soundtrack , Excellent Developer, Extremely Fun, All Pros, No cons. I'm glad I bought the game :)! ~"
,Recommended,412670,20453581,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fenrir Wülf,Ten outta ten.Hundred outta hundred.Best game.Phyrnna for EBF5 plz.
76561198261872450,Recommended,412670,20539184,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,EGOIST_IC,"Compared to BH1, BH2 (ie this game) has greatly improved graphics, more levels, more variety, more medals, more challenges, more epicness, more options, tons more bosses, cuter foes for you to absolutely obliterate, more epic boss battles and more bullets. Way more bullets. There are also options to tweak difficulty levels to suit both casual gamers as well as hardcore completionists. Fight for highscores or fight to survive with your friends.Plus, you get to play as Phyrrna (AKA Halcyonic Falcon X AKA the producer of all the soundtracks in this game). That alone should be enough to persuade you to get it."
,Recommended,412670,22345981,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,Bullet Heaven 2 is a 'casually intense' (This game proves it's possible :P) Top down shooter.  It doesn't take itself too seriously and  is easy to get into to but hard to master!Check out:https://youtu.be/656KZGOT-YMFor a more comprehensive look
76561197989678619,Recommended,412670,19552042,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hibachi,"This is good. Very good.You know the usualy question you get on any shmup forum, ""How does it compare with Touhou ?"" and people answers are pretty vague because it's not the same?Here, the answer is simple : it's pretty much Touhou, but overall better.Good graphics, nice music, great gameplay.And there's leaderboards, a bunch of unlockables, optional bosses, survival mode......and it's surprisingly well optimized for a flash game. If you played it elsewhere, chances are the performances will be much better here. For me, it got from barely playable to pretty much perfect.There's some people having problems, but the dev is here on the forums to answer.Buy it."
76561197983786651,Recommended,412670,25846506,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Starbug,zen type drug for 90's old school mofo 720 noscopers
,Recommended,412670,20452273,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,fatputtycat,"I gotta say, this game is awesome. It's difficult, it's fun, it's cute. $12 is a decent price, although I might reccomend waiting on a sale unless if your craving some bullet hell action."
,Recommended,412670,33259960,Posted: 4 July,all,El Nakhla,What an absolute gem.The quality of Epic Battle Fantasy 4 in a bullet hell format.Can't recommend enough.
,Recommended,412670,26686050,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,evosfgamn xd,"Heads up: this is an expansion of a free version that you can find on Kongregate. If you're not sure about this game, try it there first.oh and btw this is a good game or whatever idkthe important thing is try it before you buy it"
76561198086978946,Recommended,412670,25465201,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dany_Gabriel,"I will say, this is probably one of the most fun I've had with bullet hell games. I mean there are some fun ones, but they usually play by a controller or keyboard, which I am not good with, and dont allow a mouse like this one, which I praise it for.The enemies and bosses are pretty fun, and the difficulty curves appropiately from simple things to hard stuff. So its easy for newcomers to understand the game. Plus having things like cheats and handicaps makes it even more so for those looking for a challenge, or to just muck around.The soundtrack is one of my favorites, right next to Hotline Miami. Every stage just has the most appropiate music for what it shows.Now come the consAt times the game just straight up drops frames, throwing me at a downside cause i cant react in the 6 seconds it takes for my character to react and move to where I want them to move. If anything, this is so unforgivable. I mean how is a game as simple as this laggy as ever at the most random times?? Especially when I have a high end computer. I dont know if others suffer the same thing, but if so this needs to be fixed. This has happened to me on numerous occations, and I'll record and show it if I have to prove somethins wrong. Might be just me, but I doubt it.Secondly, I am going to say in the boss music it getsslightlyrepetitive. It lasts for a couple of bosses, then the EX boss music suddenly goes to the normal boss music for the next couple of normal bosses, and thats where the cycle repeats. I'm not asking for a bit of music for every little detail, but you do hear some things a little often.Overall, a fun game! Something I'd recommend if you're just looking to have some passive fun or an exciting challenge in the realm of bullet hells. Sure its not like other bullet hells like Touhou, but its entertaining to play in the end."
,Recommended,412670,20390656,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,expanddong8,"Very good game. A little easy compared to other bullet hell games, but very well themed. good gameplay (you can't go wrong with a danmaku style), great art, great music, and great follow up to the original bullet heaven. 10/10"
,Recommended,412670,20374910,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Pro Tricky Towers Player,"After finsihing the game on kongregate, I felt inclined to buy this game on steam for $12 and I don't regret it. I was able to transfer my data without any problems and continue to play. The enemy attack patterns and power-ups in this game are surprisingly varied.I have almost no problems with this game (on steam). Do yourself a favor and get it, pl0x."
76561198128621784,Recommended,412670,20078737,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Bleach,The only game where you can shoot cute things in the face and not feel bad about it.10/10 would die with a lump of coal again ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,412670,19596856,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Sanny,"I don't have a lot of experience in the bullet hell genre, as I've only recently gotten into them. I've missed many important entries and don't have much to compare this game to (I haven't even played Ikaruga yet, but I plan to!), but I can definitely say I enjoyed it. When I first saw the screenshots for this game, my immediate reaction was one of abject horror and revulsion. But, the screenshots don't do it justice, even videos don't quite translate. It feels incredibly smooth to play!I've only gotten as far as completing the first of ten worlds, and most of the second. The first world - and I assume, the others as well, - has 2 extra bosses you unlock by clearing levels at a certain rank. I've only beaten one of these optional bosses so far, - the very first one - but I can assure you, they're hard as balls. The game has three difficulty levels; normal, hard, and heavenly. These up the game's pace a bit, and change enemy's bullet patterns, which is most apparent in boss fights.There are also various cheats and handicaps you can unlock to customize the difficulty even further, which lower and raise your score by an arbitrary percentage. These include changing bullet speed and damage, but also a few more interesting ones. My favorite was one that keeps bullets persistent between waves, and gives a whopping 20% score boost. I actually found that this handicap improved my performance, as it kept me on my toes at all times.The replayability is definitely there, hence how I managed to play until 8 A.M. while only completing one world. Experimenting with the eight different characters and each of their three unique sub-weapons, testing out new cheats/handicaps and difficulty levels, or just trying to up your score to earn new ranks or climb the leaderboard keeps old levels replayable for a very long time.The game also supports 4-player local co-op, with keyboard and gamepad controls. It also lets you controls your character by guiding it with the mouse, which works quite well.All in all, I found this to be game very fun. If you want to try it out, there is a version on Kongregate. Don't worry if the game is jerky and gives you migraines like it did to me, the Steam version runs much nicer.As an added bonus, this game includes its 20-track soundtrack and some wallpapers for free, which is pretty cool!(If you like my reviews, I'm posting them all on this hideous Wordpress site now!https://probablysanny.wordpress.com/)"
76561198107182741,Recommended,412670,19590436,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Theta,"It's pretty, has a relatively nice difficulty curve, has oddly relaxing music, has tons of content, and doesn't try to annihilate you from the start. Basically, if you've never played a bullet hell shooter before, this is a really good place to start before playing the nuttier ones."
,Recommended,412670,19591422,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mongelo,I'm no expert when it comes to bullet hell games. I have not played more than a handful of them. This is BY FAR the best! Live leaderboards makes me so eager to get in there and do my best! 10/10
,Recommended,412670,19622494,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,"I wasn't so much into this type of games, but after playing alittle of this game I love it. Another masterpiece by Kupo Games."
,Recommended,412670,19579670,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,|TRIX| SgtScruggs,"The first bullet heaven was the first bullet hell game I had ever played, although now I've played so many. I liked it so much that I went to the creator's youtube page and asked for a bullet heaven 2. 4 years later, I'm browsing through steam and I see that bullet heaven 2 came out! Imagine my excitement! Thanks for making a second one!Now to the review: So overall, this is a good bullet hell game. It's especially good, if not perfect, for those who are new to the genre. But there are many unorthodox things about this game which separate it from all other bullet hell games. A few of those things are having a currency to spend things on, the entire stage design, collecting gems, and so forth. It's what would be expected from japanese bullet hell meets american online game maker. Normally in bullet hell games, there's the stage where you fight through countless little guys and then you face the big boss. And there's about 5 or 6 stages which get exponentially more difficult. This game's design is that you fight through many little guys and a few levels of them which are composed of 13 stages each (including bonus stages) until you get to a boss level. It's not arcade-like as in when you lose your lives you have to start all over. The difficulties range from normal to hard to heavenly. And there's room for the absolute beginner all the way to seasoned veteran. There are many things I like about this game such as the scoring mechanism, PRETTY BULLETS!, extra bosses, extra content, online high scores, the music, and all the love that went into perfecting the game.Now here are a few minor criticisms. The shooting mechanic can drive me a little nuts sometimes. I use keyboard because that's what I'm used to with bullet hell games. And I would absolutely love if I were able to shift+z+x. But I can't. And then if I do x+z and fly around sloppily, it only lets me move right and left. I don't know if this was done on purpose but I don't enjoy that one bit. I was thinking it's possible that maybe that's just my computer so if that's the case, ignore everything I just said. Secondly, going through stage after stage after stage of little guys can get a bit repetative. I don't think there's necessarily a way to avoid that unless a solid mini boss was put in at the end of each level. That would be so much more fun.Overall, I really love this game and it's so addictive. I would give it a 9/10. Its replayability is much higher than most arcade shooters and I can really see how much attention to detail and effort went into this awesome game!"
,Recommended,412670,19578497,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Lumo,"Kupo/Matt's games only ever get better. Bullet Heaven 2 is no exception.I personally appreciate how the Bullet Heaven games were inspired by the Touhou Project.Also, if you're interested in the game, but unsure if you want to buy it, try out the free web version first. It's available on Kongregate, Armor Games, and Newgrounds.Now, on to an actual review.The art style is very charming. I especially like the Pichu/Pikachu slimes. Every character has 4 different costumes. Each costume gives a slight boost of some kind (boost to weapon charge rates, increase in bomb damage, etc.) and somewhat changes the look of the character. Each character also has a unique bomb design. The backgrounds and borders look fantastic.In the Steam version, you get a grand total of eight characters. My personal favorites are Matt and Phyrnna. Each character has a unique style of attacking, with 3 different sub-weapons to choose from.You can buy handicaps in order to increase the game's difficulty other than just changing the difficulty setting, or you can buy cheats and make the game much easier.Cheats are for the weak.Even better, the steam version has steam trading cards, which means badges (and emoticons ^.^ ). I personally like to get the level 5 badge for games I truly enjoy.This is my first review, so I hope I did alright."
,Recommended,412670,19877087,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,OMNIOUStarx,The Most Funniest Game I have ever played1) Game Breaks Fourth Wall2) Polished!3) All I know cause i haven't beat it yet
76561198026940510,Recommended,412670,19817824,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Solvandus,"A great game. Really colorful and fun. If the previews look a tad intimidating, don't worry, the easiest difficulty can be challenging, yet isn't too overwhelming! (The higher difficulties present the real challenge, be sure to play them if you want to hate yourself!)The first thing I'll say is: The game is definitely worth the time and money (subjective, but I think it is~!), since there's plenty to do. You can go ahead and just play through the ten worlds and be done, play through them again on higher difficulties, hunt for achievements (Matt thought of everyone!), purchase everything, fight the bonus bosses and then play the endless survival modes, and so on.There's a good deal of customization, with 8 characters whose playstyles are different, yet not too different that they present a learning curve. Each character has 4 total costumes and 3 different sub-weapons. Then there's plenty of handicaps and cheats to change the feel of the game (lower damage, higher damage, one life, more power-ups, etc) Speaking of characters, every level begins and ends with quirky, light-hearted dialogue.""I didn't want to start another game this way! Why do you guys always do this?! Haven't we murdered enough innocent animals yet?! D':"".  --Natalie, who is totally okay with her friends' bloodlust.Oh, and I personally like the art. .o.tl:dr -- It's pretty, fun, gives you things to do (achievement hunting or time killing, either or), customizable, and you can choose whether you want the game to be ""Fair"", ""Difficult"" or ""Rave Party of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t""."
76561198002750569,Recommended,412670,19815325,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,LazyVista,"Addicitng, normal mode is pretty good for those who aren't good at shmup games, the art deisgn is great and so is the music. A few grips i have is that for some bosses minions spawn right ontop of you which makes reacting quickly enough impossible and the music seems slightly less inspired compared to the previous illerations but still great none the less."
76561198066745288,Recommended,412670,19812110,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Salty Spike,"Bullet heaven 2, aka: Matt Roszak's version of Touhou.What is there to say apart from good things? To be honest the only problem I've encountered is that my frames every now and then drop from 60 to 30, but I think thats a personal problem.Oh and the games pretty short if you're a bullet hell lover. I found myself beat it in the span of a day. I mean, its not short, but not long, if that makes sense.I love this game, fun, challenging, rage inducing (try heavenly mode. Trust me, you'll get mad), and funny!I think Lance has the best lines in the game though, ""So we're flying through a tree orgy then? Great...""In short, Buy it if you love challenging games, and love bullet hell games.I've just realised this sounds a little biased, sorry if it does. I'm a huge fan of Matt's work. You can see that by my EBF4 review >_>"
,Recommended,412670,20901171,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Overdrive,"If you like Touhou, you'll probably like this. Creative and interesting bullet patterns. Fairly challenging game play as well. Add on the cast and cutesy graphics of the Epic Battle Fantasy series, this is a very fun game to play.Also available on various Flash game sites like Kongregate for free, but buying the game gives you the bonus boss fights, leaderboard access, extra characters, and your money goes towards game devs who really do deserve your money, and we all know that's hard enough to find in this day and age of gaming."
,Recommended,412670,21195178,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Nazgir,"I'm pretty crappy at writing up all the pros and cons of a videogame, so I'm just going to say this: I have never felt as satisfied in a video game as in this. It is as hard as you want it to be, and it's really easy to set goals and mileposts for yourself.I literally shouted at the top of my lungs and did a happy dance as I beat the final boss on hard with the ""1 life"" modifier on. I had been trying to do that for about a week or so, and through practice and learning the bullet patterns, I finally managed.In that, the game is VERY fair. If you lost, it meant that you did something wrong. That your reaction time was too long, that your movement to react to an incoming bullet was too fast and you hit something else. That you messed up in dodging attacks and found yourself cornered by bullets unable to escape. It'll never throw ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at you that was impossible to dodge. If you get hit, it means you need to get better, you need to learn how to dodge the patterns that those specific enemies throw at you. And believe me you will. The learning curve is very well done, and the unlockable handicaps and cheats help in finetuning that process.As you graduate from normal to hard or heavenly, you'll have a bit of things to adjust to (suddenly all enemies explode into bullets), but just playing through the worlds again is equally satisfying as the first time on normal.In short, if you have any interest whatsoever in the genre, buy this, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,412670,21167411,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Leven,"Bullet Heaven 2 is a SHMUP. It's made by Kupogames, an indie game dev that has made the beloved (to me, at least) Epic Battle Fantasy series.And Bullet Heaven 2 is freakin' cool.It's a game with flexible difficulty, that never challenges you with more than you're ready to tackle. But that doesn't mean it's easy. No, no, the game is rather deliciously hard! I've spent a few hours agonizing over character configurations and what options I could afford to turn on or off in order to get the best result possible.That's one of the key points of the game: It has options, purchases, and other such things, but none of those ever make the game easier to master. It just gives you more options to attack the problem. Turning on ""cheats"" will give you various benefits, but decrease your score. Turning on ""handicaps"" will make the game more difficult, but boost your score. And scoring is universal- every difficulty and every option is posted on the same scoreboard. There's no ""wrong"" way to play.And that's what I love about the game. It's a shooter that's not punishing you for being ""hardcore"" enough. It's a shooter that's there so that you can have fun playing it. It's a shooter for you.If you have any interest in shooters, give Bullet Heaven 2 a try!"
76561198093363183,Recommended,412670,25570983,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Smackm0nk3y,If you like bullet hell games then you need to add this to your collection.  The game is very well balanced with a variety of characters and weapons and it has a great soundtrack.  It took me about 3 hours to finish it on the easiest setting just to get familiar with the game and I loved every minute of it.  If you are new to bullet hells then this would be a good starting point.
,Recommended,412670,25631214,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,SuperLiffy,great all round shmup... lots of content
76561198009129621,Recommended,412670,25332297,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,onitake,"Epic soundtrack, Epic Battle Fantasy.If only they'd stop using Flash..."
76561198033003977,Recommended,412670,25358052,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Erad Veif,You know the game is awesome when the last unlockable character is the gamise soundtrack composer xD
76561198051695545,Recommended,412670,26406162,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Faustiana,"A great danmaku game, very pretty and stylized."
,Recommended,412670,27685863,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ash,Very fun with a great art style and soundtrack. Only gripe is that there are many bullet patterns that are extremely hard to read/predict.
76561198309698290,Recommended,412670,27706361,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,natehasapeashooter bets.gg,"Beautiful bullet patterns, great gameplay, great variety of characters. Doesn't last too long, but for 11.99, it's good on price to length. Also i waited for this to be on sale and I got it for 3.95, but i played the flash version for years. If you can't decide whether to buy it or not, look up bullet heaven 2 flash on chrome or whatever you use. 9/10 could be slightly longer.But all in all, if you're a fan of the bullet hell genre, (games like touhou or jamestown, as it said) then this is a must buy. If you're new to bullet hells, I would reccomend playing the flash version first. So if you're a fan of the genre, just buy it now and stop reading. Well its over now anyways so you kinda have to stop... Oh well. Also, if you're a fan of RPGs, or more specifically JRPGs, then go ahead and get epic battle fantasy 3. If you like that, buy Epic Battle Fantasy 4 and if u like that and bullet hells just buy this game ok."
,Recommended,412670,26813216,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Celestial Iffy,"What is Bullet Heaven 2?It's a fast-paced, comedic bullet hell game packed with godly amounts of bullets, enough to rival the pioneers of the genre. Each character's personality is reflected in their attack patterns, every enemy feels unique despite some clearly borrowed design decisions. Clearly, it's well a cut above most other bullet hell games."
,Recommended,412670,19707301,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Byakuren Hijiri,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4.4 ~ Bullet Heaven 2Same cast of characters, same cute enemies, same EBF-style music all wrapped up into a nice little Bullet Hell.Prepare to Die; The End is Nigh o/"
76561198121267523,Recommended,412670,29406729,Posted: 21 January,all,Felven,An excellent use ebf characters. Good gameeplay and engine.
76561198288023103,Recommended,412670,31385252,Posted: 26 April,all,zomboss 3000,10/10
76561198014499343,Recommended,412670,33468073,Posted: 11 July,all,Skarlath60,Great game. Not much of a storyline but the gameplay is great. I played Bullet Heaven 1 back in the day when it was a flash game and was excited to play this one. Was not disappointed. It was great to customize the difficulty with handicaps or cheats depending on how you wanted to play the game. If you like bullet hell shmups I would highly recommend this one.
76561197971052666,Recommended,412670,34307198,Posted: 17 August,all,alexmepr,If you are interested in Bullet Hell games and you just could not get into them. This is the game to start. The dificulty curve is perfect and the music is very good. Great game overall.
,Recommended,412670,35075811,Posted: 19 September,all,NinjaCreeperchu,I M   B A D   K I D
