user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197973300422,Recommended,412830,32052302,Posted: 29 May,all,IceQueen,"After watching the Steins;Gate anime, and becoming a little bit obsessed with it, I thought that I would purchase the original game. I am glad I did! It adds a lot of depth to the story and the characters, and helps to explain several parts of the anime that I thought were a little odd and inexplicable.If you have seen the extremely popular anime, I would not say this purchase is essential by any means. But for those like me who want to experience the story again with a little more depth and expansion, I highly recommend it!For those who have not seen the Steins;Gate anime, watch it! It is currently streaming on Funimation (in the US) and can be watched for free is you sign up for the 14-day free trial. It is really fantastic! For those interested in the story but wary of reading a visual novel, it is a good option. Although, be forewarned, the first half of the anime is kind of slow.Anyway, for those who are not aware of Steins;Gate at all, I would purchase this game if you enjoy a cast of quircky characters, well-researched science fiction, and an awesome, complicated plot that somehow manages to avoid the plot holes that plague most time travel stories. Higly recommended.Update (6/28/17):My computer locked up a few days ago and I had to reset it to factory settings. After a day of updating Windows and all of my drivers, I tried to play Steins;Gate today. And... it gave me an error message in Japanese and did not start.So, just FYI, the game is not packaged with all of the software dependencies required to play it. If it fails to start, try installing another recent game or two and then try again."
,Recommended,412830,32743472,Posted: 24 June,all,DoubleZZ,"I love Steins;Gate. It's unique visual style is something that's always a breath of fresh air. Every character that you come across feels very human. Each of the routes are finely crafted. The soundtrack is beautiful. The mood of the story is captured perfectly through it, and I can't be more happy with it.Enough gushing, though, I have to say that I should bring up that I have 2 issues with this game, neither of which are a very big deal. The first issue is how long it takes to kick off the ground. This can be a turn off for newcomers, as the first few chapters are paced fairly slow, however, I feel that the slow pacing is necessary to build on the impact that the tone shift has on the player.The second issue that I have with the VN is the requirements for the true ending. You aren't going to get the true ending on your first blind playthrough of Steins;Gate unless your looking it up. That isn't an issue, and I don't think it should be seen as one, but the problem comes that the flags required to achieve the true ending can be seen as a little convoluted.Aside from those two things, which may or may not even be an issue for some people, I loved this visual novel. Totally worth the price. I'm really glad to see it finally made its way onto Steam for others to enjoy the same way that I have."
,Recommended,412830,32010895,Posted: 27 May,all,LOLI THOT,I've never had a story destroy my heart this many times. I've never fallen in love with a tsundere genius girl. I've never been so conflicted on which waifu is the best.It's not a visual novel. It's not a game. It's required playing.
76561198017321912,Recommended,412830,28245109,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,windwalker,"This is amazing. Mindblowing.I was a Steins;Gate maniac since i saw the the first anime episode and i really enjoyed it. It is actually in my personal top-3 list of the best anime of all time. I have re-watched it a number of times, so i practically know everything that happens there, like the in's and out's of the infinite time loop.So when i started to play this VN i was qute sure that it cant really surprise me, since i know the anime version of the story so well. Oh boy... i was soo naive.Let me start with the obvious fact that compared to the anime - here we have a lot more details even on the events that has been shown in the anime. Time travel theories explaind deeper, we have some additional lines, scenes, etc.  But the main attraction point is definetly the ability to reach scenes and endings that were never shown in the anime. And  the way the choices needed to reach the different world lines are made is so smart that it actually got me very confused.I was even going to comply that this game is not a visual novel at all, but just an interactive book. Because in the course of the game there were no standart ""choose 1 of 3 actions"" popups. The thing is that there ARE choices. But they are camouflaged and the game itself never teaches you about that - you have to figure is out for yourself. Now since i dont consider that as real spoiler i am going to say that aloud:  you make choices when you interact (or dont!) with your phone. Emails, calls, replys(or not!) - this all matters!Honestly i didnt get it until i have finished up my first playthrough. I just interacted with the phone as i felt natural and in the end i have reached the Amane Suzuha ending. When the actual scenes started to divergence from the original canon anime i was really, really surprised, since i wasnt expecting that at all.  The feels hit like a truck. VERY COOL, SUNUVABICH!Now since i have figured it out i will go for the new playthrough, paying much more attention to what i do to the phone. Currently i am very excited to see what else the game has in store and which outcome will become the new choice of the Stains Gate. I am sorry if this review feels a bit scrambled, but i just had an urge to immidiately inform every original anime fan that this VN is a must buy thing, since it adds so much to the Gate world.Also i strongly advice you to not read any guides on your first playthrough, and just see for yourself where you will end up. Let us meet again in the world of the Gates, comrades! EL PSY CONGROO!100 out of 10."
76561197991254375,Recommended,412830,26242577,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Straddy,"If you read this review you are probably like me and watched the Steins;Gate anime before for whatever reason stumbling across the visual novel on steam and are asking yourself now ""Is this game still worth buying even though i know all the major plottwists and the true-route?""The short answer is in my opinion: yes it is. If you enjoyed the anime as a whole and not just the first or the second half, it's definetly worth buying for multiple reasons.First of all the game gives you a lot more information on the time-travel stuff that's going on and even discusses some theories that are actual theories in real-life and it's pretty well researched by the devs. However it never goes that deep into science that you, as a normal person, cannot understand what the characters are talking about. So it's really well blalanced and gives you something to think about while reading.Second the characters get a lot more depth. I guess that shouldn't come as a surprise, that a visual novel with around 50 hour length develops the characters much more than the anime with around 8 hours. However not just that the side characters like Faris, Lukako, etc. get more depth they also get their very own ending route, that, even though it's non-canonical, is worth experiencing.Third the art and the soundtrack in this game are awesome. But if you've watched the anime and checked the screenshots above the review section you should know that already.Fourth the inner thoughts of Okabe gives you a lot more insight on how he goes through this whole journey. Even though the anime does a good job in portraying how he kinde descends into madness because of the constant time-looping, reading about his inner thoughts gives you a much better picture about the whole situation. Also having his phone accessable and reading his e-mail exchange with the fellow characters is pretty well done.Fifth you support the devs. I mean even if nothing from the above convinced you to buy the game because the price is too high or you are still not sure, just wait for winter-sale or something and buy it then, even if it's just to support the devs. They just recently released the Steins;Gate 0 visual novel and it might get a steam release as well, if the support is big enough here. Who knows...All in all it was a really nice experience to read through the novel, even with prior knowlege of the anime. Sure it does spoiler the major plottwists for you, however it shouldn't hinder the enjoyment you get out of the game.Also sorry for possible grammar-typo mistakes, english is not my first language."
,Recommended,412830,34398678,Posted: 21 August,all,McJesus for Smythe,"Anime was 10/10, perfect in every way.This VN is 11/10. You get to experience the anime from Okabe's perspective, get ready for some feels..."
,Recommended,412830,32138137,Posted: 2 June,all,roxas76927,"Hands down one of the most intense and mind wrecking visual novels/anime I've seen. Definitely recommended, sunuvabich! :3"
76561198016261807,Recommended,412830,29290127,Posted: 15 January,all,Bashad Al-Assir,I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed
,Recommended,412830,25504709,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,atro city,"*holds cellphone up*""It's me. Yes, I've tailed the chosen one. They're at the Steam store page, ready to enter Stein's Gate...but the Organization has sent its most fearsome enemy, a price tag of $35... Yes, I've told them that the fate of mankind depends on their purchase. The adventures of the great Hououin Kyouma, insane mad scientist and ruler of space and time, await them. Should they proceed with their destiny and click 'Add to Cart', I will meet them at the final battle of Ragnarok, where chaos will descend upon Earth. With the assistance of the chosen one, nothing can stop us. Even the Organization will cower in fear. Such is the choice of Stein's Gate. El Psy Kongroo.""*puts cellphone down*------Oh, hi.Steins;Gate is an excellent visual novel about time travel, consequence, fate, and a crazy protagonist who spews fantasy conspiracy babble that you can't help but be entertained by. Seriously, I'm not much for the ""mad scientist"" trope, but the protagonist (Okabe Rintaro, or ""Hououin Kyouma"" as he goes by) won me over with his crazy dramatic nonsense and wonderful voice acting (for those wondering, he's not actually a mad scientist, that's just his alter ego fantasy).Along with its humor, Steins;Gate is also a very heartfelt and complex story that explores themes that are often barely touched by time travel stories and visual novels in general. It's well worth your time, trust me."
76561197971562414,Recommended,412830,31828495,Posted: 18 May,all,Korsobar,I thought that time travel could only be a cheesy plot device that inevitably led to unsatisfying contradictions and unresolved questions.  I was wrong.I thought that I wasn't really the sort of person to stay up until early in the morning playing a visual novel game.  I was wrong.I thought games with multiple endings were generally just trying to recycle limited content and couldn't deliver a meaningful experience.  I was wrong.Any game that shatters that many preconceptions is a great game in my book.
,Recommended,412830,34654235,Posted: 1 September,all,MISTOMI,El psy congroo
,Recommended,412830,32782394,Posted: 25 June,all,FrozenFrost,came for the dr pepperStayed for the tuturuEl psy kongroo
,Recommended,412830,30520677,Posted: 15 March,all,Mint,"EDIT: here are some links which contains info that may be useful to youSteins;Gate TV seriesSteins;Gate VNIf you are reading this review, you would have probably watched the TV series adaptation of this visual novel, Steins;Gate (2011) beforehand, or have played/looking to play a visual novel.If you have watched the TV series Steins;Gate (2011) and liked it, I would absolutely recommend that you to read this VN. The TV series is 24 episodes long, but still is not long enough to possibly fit everything from the VN it is adapting. The VN contains many things which were not adapted, from small minute details and character monologues, to detailed explanations of the world of Steins;Gate. Without the time constrain of the TV series, more emphesis is allowed to be placed on certain scenes which may seem like minute passing details in the TV series, but in fact had a lasting impact in the story point, such as spoilerOkabe stopping Daru from going to the offline meet, which causes Suzuha to not meet her father there. This visual novel also contains several different endings, of which the TV series only adapts the true ending route and does not touch any of the other endings at all. This will definitely answer all your ""what if"" questions, if Okabe made any different decisions from the ones he made in the TV series. The voice actors are the same from the TV series as well, so overall, if you enjoyed the Steins;Gate TV series, I cannot recommend this visual novel enough and I assure that you will enjoy a good amount of content from Steins;Gate that you've not seen before.If you've read visual novels before and looking to pick this up, i'd still highly recommend it. This has the most elaborate and compelling stories involving time travel of many visual novels i've read before, which uses it as it's major plot point instead of just a convinience in the story. The CGs and background visuals may not be the most stunning, and the character illustration may be somewhat unique, but it's still plenty to look at. The soundtrack is pretty enjoyable, and i've found myself unexpectedly particularly enjoying the ED soundtracks(of which there a couple). The voice acting is really good in this VN, and personally, is one the major points which adds the most depth and emotion to the story and characters. I recommend this VN to anyone into reading VNs, but hey, you'd proabably been recommended to try this VN before, which I can only affirm their recommendations.If you are NEW or a beginner to visual novels, I am hesitant to recommend this VN to you: It is a rather long visual novel, taking somewhere from 30-50 hours to complete, and is going to require some patience in reading if you are not used to it. Choices in this game are not straight forward choices either, with the course of the story depending on ""phone triggers"", who you decide to call at what point of time, and how you reply to other characters emails, instead of simple choices made through conversation or forced at a point in the story, which can make things complicated to find your way through the different routes. There are many references to anime culture and (older)internet memes in its comedic moments which you may not get if you are not familiar with them as well. But, if you are looking for something that will have a lasting impact as your entry to VNs, this will do just fine with it's fantastic story sure to leave an impression on you. There are no H-scenes in this VN if you are uncomfortable with that stuff either.All in all, this is one of my favourite VNs to date, and i've really enjoyed it, and needless to say, highly recommend it as well. Thanks for reading my review! o/"
,Recommended,412830,25423282,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,「Blanc」,"+ Best storyline;+ Multiple different endings;+ Best music ever;+ Awesome voice acting;+ FullHD backgrounds and sprites with good mouth animation;+ D-Mails;+ El. Psy. Congroo.- You are mad scientist;- ""Organization"" is watching you.This is the choice of Steins;Gate.10 Nyannyan of 10."
,Recommended,412830,25473413,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Log Head,"*Opens up Steam**Sees Steins;Gate on sale**Rubs my eyes**Sees 15% discount tag**Rubs my eyes again**Buys Steins;Gate without hesitation* (Shows no mercy on that ""buy"" button)*Installs Steins;Gate**Runs Steins;Gate, and hears Gate of Steiner*Feels Good Man(1.048596 x 100) % would buy again in different timelines."
,Recommended,412830,34894710,Posted: 11 September,all,Ominous Otaku,"""It's me. An opportunity shows itself. I can reveal to the world my greatness through a Review!...what?An Organization trap?! ...of course they would want me to spill the beans on my plans, crafty bast ards. HOWEVER! This Hououin Kyouma will not be so easily tempted and fooled! For I KNEW it was a trap, but I have the world in the palm of my hand! Fuahahahahahahahahaha!!""Where do I even begin? Steins;Gate has to be one of the most captivating, tear-jerking, awe-inspiring stories of all time and the most amazing piece of media that exists today with one of the most interesting concepts of time-travel you've ever heard of. The best part? There's absolutely no plot-holes like in virtually every other time-travel story out there and everything wraps up neatly leaving you completely satisfied.Steins;Gate is a time travel sci-fi set in the real world and uses real life laws of physics; meaning that science and scientific theories are used and explained for time travel: no magic or extraterrestrials present. Steins;Gate also uses real-life phenomena and conspiracies such as the forum posts from the time-traveling John Titor in the year 2000 and the CERN conspiracy surrounding their ability to create mini black holes and integrates these into it's plot to make it work seamlessly.The story of Steins;Gate puts you in the mind of Hououin Kyouma, a self-proclaimed 'mad scientist' who develops future gadgets in his lab with the objective of bringing chaos to the world's ruling structure and to thwart ""The Organization"" who are behind major conspiracies. In reality, Okabe Rintarou (his real name) is just a college student who rents out an apartment and hangs out with his friends and constructs ""future gadgets"" with random items they can find (ex. a toy raygun that functions as a TV remote, or a landmine repurposed as a de-humidifier). His ""Hououin Kyouma"" persona is all in his head, and his friends just roll with his chuunibyou.One day, the lab constructs a future gadget called the ""PhoneWave (Name Subject to Change)"" that combines a microwave and a cellphone. This device's unintended side-effect allows people to send messages into the past and change the future. Around the time of this device's creation, a supposed time traveler with the pseudonym 'John Titor' appears on internet forums talking about how the organization SERN (CERN) uses time machines in 2036 to create a dystopia, and he has been sent back to warn people. This prompts Okabe to look more into SERN, and after doing so he realizes there are sick, dangerous secrets hidden behind the research organization.The writers of Steins;Gate had obviously put lots of research, thought, and planning when creating it, and that dedication and attention to detail really makes this story so... timeless.Meaning: the story doesn't just suddenly start with ""one day the main character went on an adventure"" and end with ""he saved the day and this concludes his adventure"" No, Okabe's life is thought and planned out from start to finish, even though this story only covers a small window (4 weeks) of his life. Everyone else's lives were also planned out.The writers even go so far as to explain (in depth) all of the scientific theories behind time travel, black holes, advanced technology, and so-on. This VN will give you a lot to think about and reflect on.The gameplay is, well... it's a visual novel. However, Steins;Gate is different from conventional VNs, where you have many choice prompts throughout the story that branch into different paths. Instead, all gameplay comes from interactions with Okabe's phone. The 'branching paths' come from texting people back or calling a certain person when prompted to. The VN is more story oriented and focuses itself on that, while doing an excellent job of solidifying your role as Okabe Rintarou through the way you control his phone.The music is great and immersive. Many of the game's soundtracks are remixes of Steins;Gate's central theme: Gate of Steiner, that are composed differently to set a certain mood. The music does a great job of making you anxious or ripping your heart apart.There is an anime adaptation of Steins;Gate made, and I would highly reccomend watching Steins;Gate and then playing it through. The anime has a lot of the story cut out of it, but has more than enough to make it an amazing journey. After watching it, you'll want to come and play it because it turns a 10/10 anime into a 100/10 game. Also, it will give you extra motivation to grind your way through the first half of this game. I LOVE Steins;Gate, and even I admit this game is excruciatingly long at first. But make your way through it and mountains of gold await you.I CANNOT reccomend this game enough. Steins;Gate is completely captivating and because it holds itself to real life physics and science (apart from the whole time travel thing) it really convinces you of ""this makes a lot of sense and seems like it could've actually happened"". The characters are all lovable, and the transformation that Okabe Rintarou goes through during the course of the game is absolutely phenomenal.Stop what you are doing and go watch Steins;Gate, give yourself a week or two to reflect on what you watched and let it sink in, and then come back and get all the juicy details and amazing extra story in this game.""El. Psy. Kongroo."""
,Recommended,412830,25447470,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SunDeYz,"Steins;Gate, now on Steam:-Beautiful and Thrilling story-Best art ever seen in a VN-also... wait are you still reading reviews? go and buy this masterpiece reallyP.S.(i saw a couple of bad review talking about translation and bug but:bugs are minor and not gameplay-related and the translation is good overall, they just have to fix a couple of stuff but is ok)oh, this is important if you want to fully enjoy this title(and in general the VN Genre)Don't buy it(a VN) thinking is the usual videogame where you can interact with everyone whenever you want, shoot, solve quest etc.. Take it as a book, a very good one that could be changed sometimes, depending on your decision. Take a seat, relax and read one of the greatest time travel story ever made.El Psy Kongroo."
,Recommended,412830,25470789,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,warp,"If you haven't heard about Steins;Gate before this, I think the less you know is the better since I went into it knowing almost nothing. I've played this before it was on Steam, and from what I experienced I think this is the best version available at the moment due to some differences I noticed.I feel this is 100% worth playing even if you have seen the anime, while the anime is good the VN is definitely longer and more detailed, and allows you to go along multiple routes not covered in the anime.The VN has gorgeous, stylized art that the anime honestly failed to capture. On the version I played before this, the game only supported 720p. This version has full 1080p support, with the art looking still perfectly normal.The VN has a pretty unique choice system, you use the protagonists cellphone to make choices. You'll receive text messages and phone calls, and you choose whether to respond to these or not. When replying to a text message, you can specify a specific subject to talk about in your reply. You however do not know what the reply will specifically say, which was somewhat annoying because once you chose what to talk about you were locked into the reply and could not back out of sending it. This version allows you to back out of replies before they are sent, meaning you don't have to save and load likely multiple times every time you want to reply to a text message.If you haven't seen the anime, this VN has some really, really good characters and development. The protagonist is really fun especially, compared to the usual faceless male you see in quite a few other visual novels. I'm being a bit sprase in details because again, I think the less known makes it better. The translation seems to be pretty high quality, seeming to be exactly the same translation I saw when I played the VN earlier.I'm not sure if any of the changes I mentioned are present in any other version of the VN, so every improvement I mentioned here could be totally present in another version. I'm not aware of any personally, though.So yeah this is one of my favorite visual novels, except with some definite improvements. I really recommend it.edit: give me my badge steam"
76561198226613008,Recommended,412830,31651400,Posted: 9 May,all,YeeHui,Please Please Please sell other steins;gate series on steam. Just please.
,Recommended,412830,30039595,Posted: 19 February,all,xLxNKx,Best Visual Novel ever made.30 to 50 hours depending on how many ending you read.Hope an english translation of Steins;Gate 0 comes to PC soon.El.Psy.Kongroo.
,Recommended,412830,29284054,Posted: 15 January,all,Lyaas,Tuturu♪
76561198217155800,Recommended,412830,33995638,Posted: 3 August,all,HandJew,So when is Steins;Gate 0 coming to steam?
,Recommended,412830,29630450,Posted: 1 February,all,Tsugata,ℰ𝓵 𝒫𝓈𝓎 𝒞𝓸𝓃𝓰𝓇𝓸𝓸
,Recommended,412830,33752115,Posted: 23 July,all,Lady Santa,"Steins;Gate is by far the best visual novel I’ve played.Its story is gripping, intelligent, emotional. I laughed, I cried, I was captivated.I had already watched the anime before, but I would recommend playing the game first.For a long time, I heard that this visual novel was much better than the anime. To be honest, I wasn’t convinced at first. People usually say that when the book comes before the movie, and, personally, I like anime but I’m not a fan of reading manga. So I played the game semi-reluctantly.And at first, I wasn’t enjoying it as much as the anime. It has more text, and is much more fleshed out. Because of that, Steins;Gate is a game that starts slowly. For the first 3 or 4 chapters (out of 10), I was only mildly-interested. Things were slow to happen. I then thought the game was overrated.I was wrong.All that bla-bla was necessary to really get inside each character’s head and habits, and to really have a big effect when the action comes. After chapter 4, I couldn’t stop playing!What the Visual Novel does that the anime does not is show the inner dialogue of the protagonist, Okabe. Throughout the story, we are really in his shoes, and feel his pain, his despair, his happiness, and all the emotions he goes through while he slowly understands what is happening.The voice acting is incredible. So is the soundtrack.Contrary to the anime, the visual novel features many different endings. Most of them are satisfactory, but I did not stop playing until I found the True Ending (the one in the anime). I was skipping from save file to save file modifying my choices, feeling like the time travelling protagonist in the process ^_~.ConsGetting the True Ending requires either a guide or a LOT of luck, because you have to do everything perfectly for it.It starts slow.You don't feel like you make that many choices in the gameBeing a Visual Novel, we don't see the characters move, so sometimes they describe how a character is sitting, or pointing at the sky, but we see a still image on the screen. It's no big deal, but I would have loved a bit of animation.But those cons are minor - Steins;Gate is simply a beautiful game.TL;DR - El. Psy. Kongroo."
,Recommended,412830,25427141,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Oneline,"DEAR MAGES,PLEASE, ADDCHAOS;CHILDANDSTEINS;GATE 0TO STEAM.All fans of science adventure series are asking you to do that.Mages, we all believe that you are great company that will follow your community and allow western people to taste all games of this great universe. We all know YOU CAN do that. Please, add them.Kind regards"
76561198034554929,Recommended,412830,34367942,Posted: 20 August,all,AutoDishwasher,"Probably one of the best visual novels out there. The story requires a little knowledge of Japanese culture, but much of it is also taken care of through ""tips"" you unlock through playing.If you've watched the anime, I'd highly recommend getting this.If you haven't watched the anime, I'd still highly recommend getting this."
76561198073864538,Recommended,412830,25566662,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,risestorm,"I have one thing to write first.I dislike time travel story.They rarely deal with time paradoxes and the change of history in a way that is satisfying.The reason why I loved Steins;Gate?For the first time I was satisfied with the explanation of time travel . The Visual Novel explained why time paradoxes won't occur without saying that it was fated to happen like this and you will make that choice no matter what in the future.The last reason is that the explanation of the Phonewave made me smile as a physic student, even though it had obvious scientific flaws.Pros:- good story- satisfying explanation of time travel- no unnecessary fanservice- Great endings, especially the true one. ( played 5/6)- no obvious plotholes(have yet to find one)- lovable characters, especially Kurisu Makise- Great main character development- tears, many tears- @channel- great soundtrackcons:sorry i can't find an aspect i dislike about this game.For me Steins;Gate is a perfect 10/10.El Psy Kongroo"
,Recommended,412830,25424032,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Yureina,"Warning: Disliking this game is an inadvisable course of action. The Organization has eyes everywhere. They are always watching. And if you make yourself known to them by such a negative opinion, then you may very well never be seen again......At least, that's what Okabe would have you believe. What a crazy deluded conspiracy nutter. Or is he? o_oAnyway, this will actually be my 4th playthrough of this game since I have owned the JAST version of this game on PC for the past 2 years. And yet I was more than willing to buy this game again anyway even though not only is there nothing wrong with my JAST version, it's still installed on this PC. That should pretty much tell you how much I like this game.The game starts off fairly slow as the characters/world are introduced and fleshed out, but soon leads to serious plot events that only intensify over time. Both the story this game tells and it's characters are of the highest quality. And while that might not be immediately apparent in the prologue chapter, it will become inescapable the further you play through the game. By the time you finish it, I can say with confidence that, aside from the rarest of cases, you will have enjoyed this very much. :DFor those out there who have seen the anime adaptation of this game, you can consider this game to be, in essence, the ""full version"" of that story. The adaptation did a damn fine job, but not everything could make its way into the anime, of course. Plotlines that might have seemed a bit short are expanded here (Luka and especially Faris get more screentime), and... perhaps some new things lurk to surprise you as well! But that is for me to know and you to learn for yourself. :)If there is one negative I have to say, however, it's that the port job for this is... bleh. Which I completely do not understand. The JAST version, despite the distaste that comes from buying from a site that basically sells eroges and nothing else, is perfectly functional and easy to play on PC. The bits of this I have played so far... just hasn't been as good. I don't know why they decided to mess with this Steam release when there was already a perfectly functional version of this game on PC that didn't feel like a crappy console port. All they had to do was keep the interface that JAST had, and nobody would be complaining that this was a ""bad port"". *sigh* Why do game devs/publishers keep screwing up easy things that taint otherwise superb games? Maybe I'm just irritated because this is too soon since Mankind Divided, but still...But, ultimately, none of that messes up the fact that this game is amazing. At least since it's a VN you won't actually be forced to mess around too much with the lame porting. Just sit back and enjoy the game. :DIf you have an interest in visual novels, excellent characters, and a story that may stay with you long after you finish the game itself... then this is what you are seeking. I cannot recommend this game enough. Steins;Gate stands among the best VN's you could ever play.El Psy Kongroo."
,Recommended,412830,26538088,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ally,"OverviewStory: 10/10 - A really well thought out tale of time travel with multiple endings, all satisfying and hard to poke holes in.Graphics: 9/10 - beautiful artwork, well animated when needed to be animated.Sound: 10/10 - amazing soundtrack, some of(if not THE) best voice acting I've ever heard, even though its not my primary language. Tutturu!Gameplay: 10/10 - multiple endings, hidden paths to fun collectibles, interesting way to make you choose different routes.Final Score: 10/10 - The best VN on steam bar none. It's perfection, perhaps a slightly slow start and can be very confusing to begin with, but given time it all comes together to create a masterpeice.Longer ReviewSteins;Gate follows Okabe Rintaro on a journey through time, pretty much everything I can tell you about the story would be a spoiler, so I'll leave it at that. It's quite simply a masterpeice in storytelling. Every twist is unforeseen or if it is foreseen then the twist itself has a twist. Each ending has obviously been crafted with love and care as they feel like fully fleshed out endings, not just tacked on extra's after the story had been finished. With time travel being the major focus, it would be easy to fill your plot with holes, poke at the plot and its pretty difficult to find a flaw. Superb writing. The only issue(and this goes for the anime too) is that it can be a bit overwhelming to begin with and it throws information at you, scientific theory and craziness. If you give it a chance, it rewards you by making sense and explaining itself, its not scared of making you yourself connect the dots though, so if you are planning on not paying attention or giving it more than an hours worth of your time, then this is not for you.The graphics are brilliant, they're unique, styleish and there's lots of different CG's to look at. The characters expressions are not repeated too much and when they are animated they don't look out of place. Not TOO much fanservice as well, but there is one or two fan servicey scenes.The voice acting makes the game at times, its stellar work, my native language is not Japanese, but I found myself just listening to the acting because it conveyed the message perfectly. The songs and music throughout as well were absolutely brilliant. I struggle to even think of a VN that comes on par with the voice acting.The gameplay is brilliant for a VN too, its not just a little box with two choices making it very easy to just lose your immersion. Steins;Gate uses a complex system of text messages to guide your choices, so even when you are making choices you never feel out of place, you feel like you are texting a friend. Same goes for the collectibles, you might get sent a wallpaper for your phone from a friend, or a new ringtone! Powers really in your phone!If you have any interest in anime or VN's, this is a must buy, its probably the best VN on steam."
,Recommended,412830,29025510,Posted: 4 January,all,~SadisticKitten~,"TL;DRThis VN is amazing. Truly beautiful. Crafted to perfection. Well written, well structured, well acted, well developed and well... amazing. 10/10.Main ReviewI fell in love with this VN slowly, then all at once.I will begin by telling you how I dropped the anime. I hated it. It was slowly paced. I detested Okabe. I was confused. I was unfocused. I did not feel connected with the story or the characters. I just did not get the hype.A few months later, the VN was due to be released and as I was surrounded by the hype... I decided to give it another chance. I started reading the prolog and most of chapter 1 and dropped it again. I liked it more but I still wasn't feeling it.Skip another month on and I started again and read it within a week or so. Chapter 0-3 was interesting and a set up for what was due to come. I kept reading however still didn't understand the hype. I still felt the same way I felt as I watched the anime. Then chapter 4 happened and I was on the edge of my seat wanting more. Chapter 5 happened, and I was furiously hitting the keyboard to read the next line wanting to get through the story. Chapter 6 happened I stayed up until 6am reading it -  and the chapters thereafter.Everything about this VN is perfect. That may be surprising for me to say that but now I understand. It is perfectly paced and everything is there for a reason. I grew on the characters, I felt everything they felt. The choices you make - through replies and emails sent or not - it matters to the overall story. Even the smallest thing can change the world as you know it... Every outcome that was good and bad was overwhelming with emotion, and honestly I lost count how many happy and sad tears were shed!I stated that I hated Okabe and I did not understand the gimmick he had forced upon the reader. Throughout the story you get little snippets of his true self and you realise how remarkable he truly is. The things he is thrown into and the choices he has to make are so selfless and he never does it halfheartedly. Each character is fleshed out perfectly (although I did want to see more of some but it wasn't needed). I felt like every character was perfectly symbolised in the story and fully developed.The music is incredible. Its just brilliant. It makes the reader feel every emotion in every scene and each song is memorable. I will definitely be adding each song to my playlist! The voice acting is amazing, even through I am an English speaker, I honestly felt every emotion and the tone was clearly presented in all the dialog.I fully recommend that you read all the endings that the VN provides as it really makes you appreciate all the characters more. Don't treat it as an ending to the story but as an alternative way to see a characters ""true self"" or backstory. I feel that this VN is perfect even if you have watched and enjoyed the anime because of this reason. As the anime shows the true ending, I feel like you are really missing out on the alternatives!This is honestly my favourite VN and I don't think anything can top it. I truly believe that. 10/10El. Psy. Kongroo~"
,Recommended,412830,33060754,Posted: 30 June,all,[KwG]Alireth,"Ignore the Steam playtime, I already finished the game years ago with the JAST version.The overall best visual novel I have had the pleasure of playing, and I have played a lot of visual novels. You will laugh, you will most definitely cry and you will fall in love with the characters. If you enjoy science/sci-fi, complex emotionally charged storylines, or just visual novels in general, you will almost certainly enjoy Steins;Gate.If you've seen the anime and are wondering if you should play this then the answer is a very definitive ""Yes!"". It expands on the story in almost every way and adds a ton of details and characterization that are absent from the anime.I got it on Steam again despite already owning the JAST version and have played through all the endings because they definitely deserve the support, and I hope to see Steins;Gate 0 on Steam as well.El. Psy. Kongroo."
,Recommended,412830,27208305,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drag8n,"|| Steins;Gate || 8.9 (EXCELLENT)During the 20 hours (which can reach up to 30) that the game lasts approximately only thing we worry about is eating the engaging story and go taking different decisions that create appropriate. It is that instead of choosing between a line of dialogue or another, we can decide to answer certain calls and emails that arrive at the protagonist mobile, Okabe and make specific calls. So the mobile phone is our main tool because it allows us to modify the course of events constantly.Depending on how we act and the decisions we are taking, development is changing significantly, so much so that we will witness several different endings and really transcendent events that will involve our environment.Steins;Gate knows how to keep the interest high until the end, being a memorable work in all its aspects.EL PSY KONGROO~~"
,Recommended,412830,29271297,Posted: 15 January,all,Nuclear Fox,"How to make a brilliant visual novel:-Create a hateable protagonist, yet make player love him later on.-GIve him some well-written supporting characters.-Write a time travel story based on real world scientific thories, urban legends and conspiracy theories.-Explain the beforementioned time travel in language of eroge, tabletop RPG's and bananas.-Make players hate their protagonist's friends, and feel bad for his enemies.-Add nonsensical moments to the story.-Explain them all later on in a ""why I was so dumb and didn't see it"" way.-Force players to make heartbreaking decisions.-Steal dozens of hours of their time.-Leave them satisifed but asking ""is that really all?"".-Steal some more hours with the True Ending.-???El Psy Kongroo???-Profit!Seroiusly, if you have even a tiny bit of interest in time travel stories(and different take on them), and don't really mind visual novels as a medium, give it a try. Game is rather expensive for its genre, but it is more than worth it in the end."
,Recommended,412830,25422617,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kurisu,"Actually one of the most incredible heart-wrenching and exciting visual novels out there. Starts off as a general and basic story and becomes something so much more. Attention to small details and well developed characters help to make this game the masterpiece that it is.Although it's been been out for a while, it has just been released on Steam and hopefully this will help introduce many more people to this great game.El. Psy. Kongroo."
76561198004754662,Recommended,412830,25821007,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kirby,"I love the Anime so i bought it when Steam released this game. I have read some Steam- Reviews and the complains about  some translation errors. I finished the game, watched all endings and experienced an well written story and lovable characters. It has so much more detail than the Anime so i recommend playing it even if you already know the Anime/Story.Those small translation errors wont destroy the game for you."
,Recommended,412830,34912862,Posted: 12 September,all,Discontinuous Qualia,"Hey, you there. Yes, you. The one with the vacant expression, eyes like a fish out of water, staring blankly at your dimly lit screen. You who browse this small marketplace of digital amusements to fulfill your empty life, devoid of purpose. Precisely you. Heed my words well, we have little time. Much like the fish in the sea does not know the world on land, you are unable to comprehend the existence beyond your bowl. Of course, the fish and the sea still exist nonetheless, but we'll get to that later.For now, I shall enlighten you to something about what currently displays on your monitor, casting its shadows upon your dimly lit domicile. Do not be fooled by the esthetic art and euphonious background music, for this tale is in fact quite real. This is my memoir; My magnum opus to your ilk, documenting my struggle against the Organization, a clandestine group whose name is never truly uttered for fear that it might be overheard.You may ask yourself why I would be so gracious, so benign that I would grant you this boon, as you will no doubt soon see I am far from benign. Don't trouble your tiny minds with such inquiry, for you'd never be able to understand my true intentions. I shall say only that this is my experiment, and you, you are my subjects. So enjoy, or tremble in fear if you may bear the curse of understanding the incomprehensible, as you embark upon this, my memories. Specifically, the story of how I created the most powerful and dangerous technology in the world, time travel. And how forces beyond even my view plotted to obtain it as I went about my daily life none the wiser and none the worse for wear. Until of course, those forces came to collect. And, remember that fate is not so forgiving as to be won in one try, but is at times so malleable that even a simple email might change its course.But before you go off to experience my memories for yourself, a warning. The Organization I spoke of has censored this work in several ways, creating myriad issues which may impede your understanding. Be well informed though, that there is solution, a 'patch' which will repair these errors and present to you my memories in their original, uncorrupted state, created by my followers.You may find this additional patch, along with instructions on how to use it, here.Ah, and one last thing. I shall elaborate further on my point from earlier. Be warned, this is something only the most powerful of mind can withstand to know, so if you have any doubts, look away now... Very well, I shall reward your tenacity with knowledge. The truth of your existence is that-"
,Recommended,412830,31115034,Posted: 13 April,all,Wakanda,"TV adaptation is 10/10.Original VN is 11/10.this is not a game, it's a visual novel. IT'S NOT THE SAME.there isn't actually much of a gameplay, its focus is on the dialogues and story.(since it is not my first VN, it didn't bother me)"
76561198040697904,Recommended,412830,31730351,Posted: 13 May,all,didavid61202,11/10Best story and anime ever! must play and watch!!!Why?Because it's the choice of  Steins Gate!!!El Psy Congroo
,Recommended,412830,32799329,Posted: 25 June,all,CommanderShepard,"This is an amazing visual novel for anyone who has an interest in time travel. For anyone who has seen the anime adapation and wanted to know if they should play this game, I highly advise it.You will care deeply for these characters and there will be points throughout the game where you feel that your heart has been crushed."
,Recommended,412830,28499493,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Hydra,"So is it worth reading if you've already watched the anime?Yes! Unless you're a very busy person, in which case well; no it takes like 30 hours to complete it, and most of the story is identical to what was animated. On the other hand, since it can take its time, It gives excellent insight to the motives of characters, and has alternate endings which are for the most part are just as great as the main one.Overall, I simply adore this book, maybe not so much the pictures of the said book. As they feel quite outdated now that I played the ""sequel"".My only gripe is that the way to get to the true ending is ridiculously convoluted, which was thankfully fixed in '0', Which I hope makes it way to Steam in a timely fashion unlike this one."
76561198129230010,Recommended,412830,30561727,Posted: 16 March,all,TheMelloDan,"Buckel in kids, I've got a lot to say about this game.WARNING!For anyone that has never played a visual novel, there is almost no gameplay. You will not be upgrading your conjuration skill or improving your deadric sword. This game is a VISUAL NOVEL! The entire game revolves around dialogue and the story. If that doesn't sound like your cup of tea, you are warned, however I have never played a VN before and I was amazed by this game. (I play a ton of FPS games, so this was a nice change of pace.)BTW You could probably play this game on a toaster and get 60 fps. It is not demanding at all, because as previously stated, it is a visual novel.For any person considering just watching the anime and not playing this, I HIGHLY discourage that. I have watched the anime and played this game, and the story feels more in depth and detailed in the game. However, 30 bucks is a lot to dish out, so if you watch the anime alone, nothing against you. Not saying the anime is bad at all, but the VN does a better job developing the story.And here we are at the part where I mention the story. I can't say anything less than amazing. This VN's story will pull you all over the place, from its amazing highs to its deep lows. This game's story had me contemplating time travel, alternate world lines, and CERN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for weeks on end. Here is a basic rundown of the story with as few spoilers as possible.The main character (who you play as) is Hououin Kyouma (Okabe Rintaro). He and two of his buddies have created the Future Gadget Laboratory, a place where Okabe develops some of the most strange inventions ever. He and his two friends have a generally happy and peaceful life, until they develop the PhoneWave (real name TBA). The development of the PhoneWave will lead Okabe meeting many new characters and developing some amazing relationships. However, the PhoneWave will also bring about hardship and suffering for Okabe. Sorry about this really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ description, but if you really want a detailed overview, look this up on Wikipedia for god's sakes.For a single-player story game, I expected about 10-15 hours of gameplay out of this. I was dead wrong, clocking in almost 1.5 days played. I recommend looking up a tutorial to get the main ending, as this game has I believe 5-6 different endings, all of which can be influenced by your decisions as Okabe. The anime only shows the games ""True Ending"", however the VN shows and ending for almost every character. When I got my first ending, I thought that was it, which was funny, because I had only 8 hours in the game at that time. I did not make a ton of saves (in fact I only had 1). I recomend saving at the end of every chapter just to have backups for alternate endings.I cannot recommend this game enough. If you are like me and indecisive as hell about buying games on steam and you are on the fence about this one, I would highly recommend getting it and trying it out. When you finish, there are actually  two more games in the series, however Steins;Gate 0 is currently only available on PS3 and PS4. I've played 0 and it is an amazing follow up regaurding the final decision in Steins;Gate.All and All, this was probably my most enjoyed game so far this year. I loved the story, and it doesn't hurt that the soundtrack is pretty damn good. For a musician, I tried to play Gate of Steiner so many times. (As a brass player, you really start to die on the high notes :P)Highly Recommend, stop reading this♥♥♥♥♥♥and buy it.P.S. If you enjoyed the story of this game and want to go further, I'd highly recommend checking out the Future Gadget Laboratory Steam group!"
,Recommended,412830,34900336,Posted: 12 September,all,Mega Negbert,Make sure to get theSteam improvement patch.
76561198088596942,Recommended,412830,25435848,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,dellandu,"I bought this game on Steam only to encourage Devs & Publishers porting more games WITH JP interface and texts. For Gods’ sake, I got tired of those ports that cut JP texts (Seinarukana) or even Voice Casting (I’m looking at you, God Eater). If they need to cut costs, cut elsewhere. By excluding something has already been in the game, they are limiting player’s choices / options. I do not support companies who earn money at consumer’s lose.I played every game in Science Adventure Series, so please ignore the play time…This is the one and only STEINS;GATE game you need / should buy, ever, all those fancy sequels are just superfluities. STEINS;GATE is perfect-ish enough, they should learn to leave well alone. The same goes with CHAOS;HEAD.This port is not based on the original PC version, but the PS3 HD version. Therefore, it has arguably better graphics, a slightly different interface, and wonky controls."
76561198066201726,Recommended,412830,25438980,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ex_soldier,- Story rich game- multi ending- good music- might be terrible for one who hate reading- tuturu~- El Phy KongrooWhy should you play this game ?    Because it's the choice of Steins;gate...
,Recommended,412830,25423456,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,vilverin,1.048596/1.048596
,Recommended,412830,28182221,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,dm,One of the best time travel stories ever told.Tutturuu~
,Recommended,412830,31526640,Posted: 3 May,all,Kuchiki Toko,10/10 would tutturu again
,Recommended,412830,25500126,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,TechWolf,"Best Visual Novel out there by far. Played the JAST version first after I watched the anime few years back and, even though I already knew what was about to go down, the novel still easily managed to keep me hooked with all the details that were skipped for the anime adaptation, the alternate endings AND most importantly Okabe's inner monologue bringing so much more depth to his character. Whether you are a fan of the anime or have never heard of Steins;Gate before, this game is definitely a must play and has my 10/10 recommendation, regardless of the Steam version port complains. It's the content that matters.P.S. This is one of the few Visual Novels worth getting on Steam just because it's not censored like some of the other good ones released already here, e.g. G-Senjou no Maou (The Devil on G-String) and Grisaia no Kajitsu (Fruit of Grisaia), VN's that I would rather recommend in their original form.Update for Steam Awards: Nominated this game for the ""Just 5 More Minutes"" Steam Awards category because of it's captivating and immersive story that kept me up one night before a very early exam xD."
,Recommended,412830,33060277,Posted: 30 June,all,EtherealSmetana,"Steins;Gate truly has one of the most compeling and interesting stories any anime/visual novel has to offer.  It is also my favourite anime beating out such greats as Cowboy Bebop, Full Metal Alchemist, Death Note, and Code Geass so hopefully that should clue you in on how good it is.Short overview:Okab... I mean...  great mad scientist Hououin Kyouma! is a young college student with waaay too much free time and grand delusions of global conspiracies who has discovered the scientific breakthrough of century by combining a phone to a microwave, a time machine.  Guided by Steins;Gate and assisted by his friends at his Future Gadget Lab, Hououin strives to create the worlds first fully functioning time machine and defeat the evil organization that rules the world from the shadows by bringing chaos to the world.  What follows is an incredible journey that is guaranteed to make you laugh, despair, and tear at your heart strings as Hououin discovers that time travel is truly as dangerous as it sounds and his comedic delusions may be far more accurate than he could ever imagine.I highly recommend it to anyone who has seen the anime as the visual novel adds a LOT more details, some of which came as a major shock, adds a lot of humorous scenes, and even goes the extra mile in explaining the rather well thought out time travel mechanics established in the anime.  Plus hearing the internal dialogue of the resident mad scientist Houioun Kyouma is a real treat.Pros:- Fantastic sci-fi storytelling with some nice romance/comedy vibes.  I really can not stress enough how good the story really is.- Great characters and lots of good chemistry between them.- Over 35+ hours of content just to get through the true story.- Lots of added detail for fans of the anime + can you really go wrong with even more Kurisu/Okabe banter?- Great artstyle and soundtrack (doesn't add the soundtrack to your steam library unfortunately).Cons:- As a person who doesn't play very many visual novels (I've only played one other) the experience of clicking through dialogue can get pretty tiring.- In the game you make very significant choices through phone text responses (some of which set of flags necessary to get the true ending) and it is pretty hard to figure out how to get the true ending without looking up a guide.El Psy Kongroo..."
76561198120157926,Recommended,412830,28314239,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Derequara,"At the time of writing this review I'm around 11hrs into the game, and all I can say is that this game absolutely amazing.Story: 10/10. The story is well crafted. It keeps the player interested to play more and more. Character development is spot-on and build up is great!! (And I still haven't experienced the multiple endings)Graphics are beautiful and embrace style perfectly. 10/10Gameplay: Although I liked the phone trigger gameplay, I personally prefer more involvement. Nevertheless it's engaging and fun to play.Overall: 9/10. I would recommend this game to all visual novel lovers, Anime lovers and in general everyone who loves games with a rich story."
,Recommended,412830,29408176,Posted: 21 January,all,sergy,失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した
,Recommended,412830,30400988,Posted: 8 March,all,✪「fipk」 パニック,"Awesome Visual Novel. Characters have a lot of depth, story is well made and has no plot holes (that I can see), and game gets more details than the anime (even has different endings and scenes depending on your choices).   Game has taught me many life lessons especially the one where if I don't answer immediately to a text message, I will not not be able to answer/reply at all.edit: wording/grammar"
,Recommended,412830,26609143,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Zenkom,visual novels were not a mistakemy life was worth itthanks
76561198044673110,Recommended,412830,26224991,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SgtBobrovsky,Not big on anime but really enjoyed this.
,Recommended,412830,25990629,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,jensenj2,"if you're reading this, you're probably wondering whether you should purchase STEINS;GATE or not!it's the most beautiful VN i've ever read. i'd already seen the anime, so in a way, i knew it wouldn't be too much of a disappointment.a truly captivating story of friendship and personal sacrifice - it'd be criminal to deprive yourself of this great story.so, the answer is yes - buy it!"
76561198180018346,Recommended,412830,31273961,Posted: 21 April,all,Lion Almighty,"Urushibara Luka is the best!うるしばらるかさいこう！漆原琉华最棒了！http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=909841516I'm not heartless, but I'm a kind of person that is very hard to be touched. I can’t be moved to tears by anyone or anything in the real world. And, only a handful of fictional works can do that trick, such as The Truman Show, Secret(《不能说的秘密》), the last two episodes of Lost, Your Name(『君の名は。』), and Memories: Kioku no Subeteo... (『MEMORIES ～記憶のすべてを…～』). For the record, most of them are just one-off, and the only exception are the last two episodes of Lost, which got my tears twice. But that’s it, I’ve never cried for Lost ever since. Yet, just one walk-through of Steins;Gate, I was drenched in tears for nearly ten times."
76561198074358879,Recommended,412830,32050283,Posted: 29 May,all,Etosan,"Might be the best visual novel outta thereGot it on sale. Thought it was a good invest, even if I already watched the anime several (many - too much maybe) times.That was clearly a good invest. I'm not done with it (I did a single route). Don't misunderstand this game.It's kinda spoiling you, but read emails xD it's what will determine the route. I got really shocked when I saw 'end' after doing 'no choice' - what I thought. Then I remembered what I did respond to emails ... that's making sense, and is rather impressively done.Get itDon't hesitate to grab it on saleJust buy it :p(and try to get steins;gate 0 if you can ^^)"
76561198250796540,Recommended,412830,30112933,Posted: 22 February,all,STANDO MASTER,失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した失敗した
,Recommended,412830,26670874,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,htccarr,"Bought this on a whim. 48 hours later, I am a Steins;Gate fan.Equal parts humorous and poignant, from the outset I found the writing and art so engaging that I spent the best part of the next week just playing it nonstop until I'd seen every part. The characters are so unique that you really want to see every side of them, and as the game progresses seeing every side of every character can become pretty heartbreaking. Although it gets pretty serious and unremittingly bleak at times - especially one of the endings - it never loses sight of the lightheartedness which drew me into the game so much. I'm sad it's over."
76561198097227222,Recommended,412830,29576529,Posted: 29 January,all,palzxcccccccccc,"I played this game after having watched the anime, so basically there aren't that many twisting plots for me. But the game experience is still wonderful to me thanks to its marverlous story-telling skills.ProsThe game is remarkbly story rich. The main story is a long and complex one and there are several branches.The music is good, perfectly fitting to the story.The theory of worldlines and timetravel in the game is not absolute nonsense as I expected in this kind of games(or animes). Actually the theory sometimes makes sense even in a scientific perspective despite of some unanswered questions. However, who can truly understand the nature of time? This game has exceedingly satisfied my expectation in its scientific core.The story plots are extremly emotional. Seeing characters struggling in the face of a merciless fate, only trying to save each other, seeing them surrendering to the dark part of their nature are more than heartbreaking.ConsCompared with the anime, the game has more galgame elements. Sometimes I feel female characters' behavior is quite strange...Maybe it's just me. And it has nothing to do with the main game line.I sometimes feel that the charaters are all too perfect in morality to be real human beings. It seems impossible to make a decision when faced with those dilemmas if you want everyone happy, which yields far more tear-shedding but less true sadness if you know what I mean. But this is only a game, and maybe it is just too difficult to depict a full-rounded character by only using the measure of dialogue, unlike in a film.Go buy this any time because it is definitely worth its price.There is one thing you need to know before playing: the true ending is almost impossible to get through the first run all on your own, and it is still very hard to get even through the second or third run. If you want to get the true ending by your own, here is the basic tip for you to get it:you need to collect 6 true end flags before the end of episode 10, which are all Kurisu's mails. So make sure to answer Kurisu's mails in a proper way. The first true end flag occurs in episode 4.You can always use the spoiler-free walk-through flow chat on the wiki to help you, it merely tell you at what time you will receive a mail from who and how to respond to it, with a minimum hint at the story contents. You can find it athttp://steins-gate.wikia.com/wiki/Steins;Gate_100%25_Completion_Walkthrough."
,Recommended,412830,29020952,Posted: 4 January,all,namake,"kurisu is love, kurisu is live"
,Recommended,412830,25699756,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,› 3-Day-Respawn †,Favorite anime on Steam? This is the choice of Steins Gate.004/004 would tuturu again=D
76561198210903353,Recommended,412830,31706820,Posted: 12 May,all,ayranafed,Best sci-fi time travel fiction of all time. Not even exaggerating.
76561198041262914,Recommended,412830,30038270,Posted: 19 February,all,Zeoilvia,Best story ever. Buy if you have a soul and can handle it being crushed ;O
76561198298638835,Recommended,412830,31567044,Posted: 5 May,all,Tempsy The Tree,"""Yeah, it's me. I'm here on steam... The one run by the organization. Yes, I am writing a reveiw right n... You want me to say what? Are you sure? Yeah, you're right. I need to keep low profile or they'll find me. I am the unstopable insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma, after all. This all must be the choice of STEINS;GATE. I'll speak to you again soon.El... Psy... Congroo.""- Okabe RintaroThis game made a chuunibyou look cool. 10/10"
,Recommended,412830,30658375,Posted: 21 March,all,Gravelore,I have no tears left to expelYou were warned
,Recommended,412830,25421288,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Prom Knight,"It's a damn good VN with some interesting mechanics for the routes, amazing writing and characterization, and unique, beautiful art. If you watched the anime and enjoyed it, definitely pick this up to further the experience."
,Recommended,412830,34790610,Posted: 7 September,all,Leonardus75 [こまえだ],"Even if you have watched the anime, play this. In my opinion this is the best way to experience Steins;Gate.Its a rollercoaster of emotions."
76561198097559509,Recommended,412830,25437594,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Pyres,"Finally...I have been wanting Steins;Gate to come to Steam for quite some time. I read only one negative review and it was complaining about a couple very silly/minor issues. The font is a little larger than other versions and there are couple mistakes with the translation (very very few). Nothing anywhere near game breaking. I LOVE this story and this version of the VN plays great. If you are a fan of the anime or if you just really like a good story then I highly recommend purchasing this. You will not regret it.A couple notes to help out. Press 1 or right click while in game to pull up the game menu so you can save and change options around. Also while in the phone menu you will see the word ""Settings"" just below ""Preview"". This should be translated to ""Set"" or ""Change"". It is the option that sets a new wallpaper/ringtone. That is the only major translation error I have encountered in about 4 hours of playtime."
,Recommended,412830,25461416,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Scooll5,"Steins;Gate is a time travel thriller Visual Novel, and one of the best stories the medium has to offer.This story was addapted into an anime in 2011, though the anime only depicts the true route, and cuts out other ending and character development, so there is still prenty to gain if you have seen the show.WARNING this is a relatively long Visual Novel with about 40-50 hours of story if you are not one to enjoy reading the length may be a challenge for you.Pros:- Great soundtrack- Great visuals- Amazing story- Good translationCons:- If you have watched the anime, the artwork may take a bit of getting used to as there are stylistic differences between the two.TLDR: If you are a fan of Sci-fi or great books, pick this game up immediatly, it is the best time travel story I have ever seen."
,Recommended,412830,25506731,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,nakaVS,"People are really nitpicking the differences between the two translated PC versions when they should be applauding a fantastic title finally coming to Steam. If you want a good read, you really can't go wrong here. Even if you've seen the anime, there's so much more depth to the plot in VN form. If you really like the VN genre, pick it up now. If you're unsure, just wait for a sale to lessen any potential buyer's remorse."
,Recommended,412830,32956175,Posted: 28 June,all,ShinyStarlow,"This game tells an amazing story that almost all sci-fi lovers will enjoy. Not much to do in terms of gameplay besides checking your phone once in a while for emails, but still a great game nonetheless. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,412830,34910994,Posted: 12 September,all,AkiSmash,"I have already 100% on PS3 long ago and I'm willing to do it all over again on PC. Here's why Steins;Gate is so freakin' amazing.First off, I'd like to make it clear that this is the very original visual novel that released in 2009 for the Xbox 360 only in Japan, which then got its anime adaptation about a few years later. It was then ported to PC, PS Vita, PS3, finally Steam, and a pre-order bonus of its ""sequel"" that's only available through that on PS4.Steins;Gate hits hard, and I mean H A R D. It requires multiple saves to try and get all the endings, in-game images, and so on. This is a classic visual novel that deserves way more attention.I know what you're thinking: Should I play this or watch the anime? Well the anime captures at least 90% of the game, it's surprisingly perfect for an adaptation. Although if given the choice and you happen to own both or something, PLEASE PLAY THE VISUAL NOVEL. It has a superbly told story through the eyes of the main character, with many MANY heart wrenching moments that you could literally feel within the voice acting.Furthermore, have a tissue box ready. You're gonna spend at least a few months on this game if you're slow in-depth reader like me. And remember...ElPsyKongroo"
,Recommended,412830,31335401,Posted: 24 April,all,Melody Kandrik,"I saw the anime first so I was really excited to try this game. Just finished it for the first time and got Suzuha's ending, Avoiding spoilers all I can say is that it was a stressful experience at the beggining because the game wasn't as interactive as I thought from other visual novels I've seen, but I managed to enjoy it. The ending was totally unexpected (at least to me) and made worth my time."
,Recommended,412830,34239215,Posted: 14 August,all,LonM,"A very good, if not the best, visual novel.+ The story itself is a very good sci-fi telling of time travel and the perils that lie therein+ The story makes many references to pop culture and scientific concepts, and does so in a very good way+ The game's central system for managing the story, through the telephone is unique and offers for an interesting way of telling the story+ The art is very good, with some well drawn characters and backgrounds that work well to add atmosphere to the story+ The sound design covering both the music, and the voice acting is very good+ Widely branching storyline (that goes beyond what the anime does, if you've seen that)~ the voice acting is only available in japanese, however the subtitling in english is very good. I didn't spot any obvious errors.~ SERN instead of CERN- The game seems to not persist quicksaves, which isn't an issue if you just hard save instead."
,Recommended,412830,34387342,Posted: 20 August,all,22144418,"You can tell that the devs put a lot of research, love, and time into this masterpiece.It exceeds all of my expectations; there is no doubt that you couldn't possibly find a better visual novel anywhere that can defeat Steins gate, unless if I have lived under a rock.11/10 would certainly wish to completely reset my memory to play it fresh once more."
,Recommended,412830,32752033,Posted: 24 June,all,Godon,I've read this through twice (and Steins;Gate Zero as well) and must say it is every bit the legend it is romoured to be. This is one of the best stories I've read and I found myself connecting with every one of the characters. It was definitely worth the time and money and I recommend anyone to pick it up.
,Recommended,412830,34208156,Posted: 13 August,all,Fehiliks,"I dont know what to say other than its really damn good and I loved every second of it.No single piece of media has ever made me feel as many different emotions as steins gate has and i can safely say that it is one of my favourite things now (idk if i should call it a game or a book or what).I thoroughly enjoyed the anime but I never really connected with it personally. So after playing through the whole visual novel, I felt that it's far superior to it's anime counterpart. I felt that the characters had much deeper development and connection to the player/reader, and i also loved how much detail was put into the science of all the crazy stuff that happens.Also the soundtrack is so good and had me in so many ""oh mah gawd"" moments.It's realy good stuff and im not really sure how to express my love for this story with words very well so just get it if ur having doubts."
76561198279243096,Recommended,412830,32569355,Posted: 19 June,all,coolranch,"chances are you've watched the anime, but i highly recommend the game as well. there's multiple different endings than what you see in the anime, and more things are elaborated upon in the game."
,Recommended,412830,32111705,Posted: 1 June,all,CrazyBagel,I love STEINS;GATE so much. i can see why some people might not want to play this game because there isn't that much gameplay and it's like reading a light novel but i really recomend this to anyone.
,Recommended,412830,29987319,Posted: 17 February,all,Christoph,"Warning , this is a visual novel , meaning that the gameplay consists of mostly reading and indulging in the story , if you don't like the sound of this , you have been warned.I liked this game so much that I completed all achievments and endings , aswell as buying the LEVEL 5 badge.This must be the choice of Steins Gate...This game is great , if you have any interest in it at all then buy it.I thoroughly enjoyed it even after watching the anime fully.The Story is great , it follows 18-year old Okabe Rintarou as he delves into the secrets of time travel and the mysterious organization SERN , all by modifying a microwave and a phone. The story really starts to ramp up around chapter 4/5 , so it may seem dull at first. Don't let that put you off , if you stop playing you will miss out on so much.The Art style is really neat. It looks like what you would expect a sci-fi visual novel to look like. Detailed. Kind of strange. Atmospheric. It's not unpleasant to look at. Pretty good.The background music is very atmospheric and really contributed to the whole feel of the game. The voice acting was on point and really immersed you , no complaints there. For every line of dialogue there is a voice that acts it out. Nice.The characters are nice , there's Okabe (a.k.a Hououin Kyouma the chuunibyou mad scientist who can leap through time)Mayuuri (The nice person who is oblivious to most things in the game) , Daru (The hardcore otaku who is the only one doing any work most of the time) and Kurisu ( a.k.a Christina , a.k.a Assistant , a bashful tsundere which helps Okabe).There are some others but i'll leave it to that as I might spoil it if I describe further.All in all , if you have any interest in this game you should buy it. There are 6 endings you can reach aswell as a unique cell-phone system where you choose your choices by answering calls or leaving them and replying in different ways to texts you get.I strongly reccomend this , and I think that you will also want to reccomend this after playing this all the way through. The first ending occurs around 15-16 hours into the game , which is quite early into the game , so I advise you try doing some more endings if you don't feel satisfied.That's all from me. I hope you enjoy!"
76561197999232219,Recommended,412830,33501927,Posted: 13 July,all,Troutmonkey,"DO NOT USE QUICK SAVE AS THEY ARE NOT PERMANENT AND YOU WILL LOSE ALL YOUR PROGRESSGreat game, worst control scheme I've ever had the displeasure of using. Lost an hour and a half of progress because the Japanese haven't figured out UX yet."
,Recommended,412830,31683588,Posted: 11 May,all,Peachi^^,"I've got to say first that the anime adaptation was 10/10 and the visual novel was 11/10. It was translated very good though there were some grammatical errors in a few places but it doesn't stop you from getting absorbed and enjoying the story to its fullest. I was so absorbed into it that I would spend hours reading without being aware of my surroundings that's how much the visual novel hooked me, it got to the point that my mum would have ago at me for ignoring her and not doing the chores I agreed to subconsciously. xDIt took me 32 hours to get my first ending which was Suzuha's ending, then took me 17-18 hours to get the rest of the character endings + the true ending. I also got all the achievements along the way too.The story is enjoyable and very intriguing, it will just absorb you in and take your soul though you won't regret it. It could go from being quite emotional to tense especially during the character endings;Luka's is probably one of the more emotional endings and Kurisu's being the more tense ending.I love each of the characters, they're all enjoying and interesting with each having their own charm and unique personalities, I guarantee you'll love them too. The voice acting is splendid as well, you can really hear the emotions that the characters were conveying in each scene.The art style is unique and really pretty in my opinion, I love the character designs, I think the character designs go really well with their personalities. The scene backgrounds are quite beautiful too.The soundtrack is amazing, probably one of the best visual novel soundtracks I've heard in awhile, it really did add to the emotion or tension of scenes.Overall:+Story is very intriguing and gets you absorbed easily.+Visual novel is long so great for those that love long visual novels for a good price.+Characters are interesting and charming, makes you feel an emotional connection with them.+Art style is unique and beautiful for both character designs and scene backgrounds.+Soundtrack is amazing and adds to the scenes.-A few grammatical errors but nothing major that it would have an affect on reading or stop you from enjoying and getting absorbed into this amazing story.11 out of 10, no question about it. If you love intriguing sci-fi, thriller stories with a bit of romance and a mad scientist named Hououin Kyouma then this visual novel is up your ally!If you enjoyed the anime then this is a must read!!"
,Recommended,412830,34030422,Posted: 4 August,all,Jann der Killer,"Good Game.Recommend the VN even if you watched the anime.No seriously, buy it. Good Stuff."
,Recommended,412830,25561033,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ChronicTilt™,"Watched the anime first, saw that Steins;Gate was on steam and bought it at launch for 15% off after taking into consideration the negative review regarding the bad port. The bigger UI and translation/grammar errors(which I have only noticed a couple) are very miniscule in my opinion, and it looks fine.If you watched the anime first, I still recommend getting the VN since there is so much more detail and even alternate endings not covered in the anime.Experience so far:Great story and charactersGood music that adapts to the tone of the situationNice visual art (hit or miss for some people)Minor UI/translation/grammar issues. Not game changing.A lot of dialogue and reading, good mix of emotion and the story really goes in depth with the time travel science if that's your thing"
,Recommended,412830,25463725,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,STAN,El Psy Congroo
,Recommended,412830,35292675,Posted: 29 September,all,Nirai,"""Good afternoon, Okabe-san.""He bows his head.The voice of a girl. The mannerisms of a girl.But he's a guy.Taller than Mayuri. Yet oh so slender.But he's a guy.Looks stunning in miko robes.But he's a guy.Holding a bamboo broom. Apparently in the middle of cleaning.But he's a guy.It's almost evening, yet still hot as hell outside.But he's a guy.Damn cicadas won't shut up.But he's a guy.Rating: 10/But he's a guy"
76561197974463126,Recommended,412830,28817283,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nax Rydan,"Ive never experienced a story like this before, and I may never again.10/10"
76561197992706107,Recommended,412830,25835131,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Fringding,"I couldn't recommend this game enough. It's a truly ambitious story that manages to be an excellent comedy, sci-fi, thriller, and more.(Spoiler free, I promise) There are a total of 6 endings to this game. You get an achievement for unlocking all 6, but I recommend going in this order: Suzuha, Faris, (R/L)ukako, Kurisu, Mayuri, and the True Ending."
,Recommended,412830,32765662,Posted: 25 June,all,Pichugames,"Even after watching the anime, this is still very worth experiencing. 5/7, perfect score, would recommend especially on sale."
,Recommended,412830,25434532,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Weng,"TL;DR - Just get it, it's great. Has some small translation issues in the UI and emails on the phone can be quite messyI found Steins;Gate through the anime and I instantly fell in love. Now I haven't finished the game yet but I know I'm gonna love it and I'm gonna reccomend especially for the price. There's some small translation errors in the UI but it's never too distracting but I will say the way text is displayed in emails on your phone is dreadful but it never damaged the impact of the game on me. Hopefully these issues will be fixed but I doubt they will. The art is beautifil, characters are fun and interesting and the plot is great. It's not as good as the JAST version which I've looked into but this is certainly worth the purchase. (Also I would highly reccomend the anime)El Psy Kongroo"
,Recommended,412830,27877585,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GLC | Sharer Shadow,"There is also an anime for this light novel which I don't recommend as much as the light novel. I played the light novel before watching the anime which I think it was a good choice.Steins;Gate is an excellent light novel, when I first learned it was about time travel I got bit worried that it would be very similiar to the other time traveling stories. But I was wrong it was really unique.One of the pros were for me was it thought me a lot of things memes,facts,events. It also changed my view on life.Every single character that got introduced plays a role in the story.In the light novel there are multiple endings if you want to get the true ending I recommend you google it on how you could achieve it. But I don't think it really matters which ending you get first so you can always look up the guides afterwards.If you have ever played a light novel before and you enjoyed it I can assure you that you will enjoy this one aswell. If you haven't played a light novel before and want to try one I recommend giving Steins;Gate a try.Also there is an Steins;Gate movie called ""Fuka Ryouiki no Déjà vu"" which takes place in after the story ends. You can watch it afterwards if you liked the series."
,Recommended,412830,30328554,Posted: 4 March,all,Welish,"Steins gate, an amazing sc-fi visual novel which has a great story too. After watching the anime and then finishing the visual novel, I gotta admit this anime/vn was amazing. I recommend anyone to try the visual novel, or watch the anime.This is debatable, but I would recommend you watch the anime instead of the visual novel instead. The visual novel is more interactive but I think that I enjoyed the anime more than it. Nevertheless, Steins;Gate is a masterpiece. El psy kongroo."
76561198295310057,Recommended,412830,30242219,Posted: 28 February,all,Ion317,"Excellent visual novel.  I hope that a translation of Linear Bounded Phenogram and 0 finds their way onto Steam, also!"
76561198009006714,Recommended,412830,35092407,Posted: 20 September,all,Lucifel,"I don't read a lot of Japanese visual novels. Apart from a few well known series like Danganronpa, Zero Escape, and Phoenix Wright, I can count the rest on one hand; and none of the previously mentioned are ""pure"" visual novels since they have a lot of gameplay elements mixed in to make them more engaging for a broader demographic.Seeing STEINS;GATE during a Steam sale, I was skeptical at first since the last true VN I read was marginally disappointing and soured my expectations for anything similar, but I decided to give it a chance all the same, and I can wholeheartedly say that I'm very glad that I did.The first few chapters are a bit slow to build momentum, but the bountiful tidbits of science and the over-the-top characters kept me interested. At times, it felt like not much was going on, and the things that did happen were completely random, but in hindsight, the lengthy buildup is understandable since the story has a lot of rules to establish thanks to the time travel theme, as well as how the characters interact and relate to each other, which varies depending on the current timeline.That being said, once I hit chapter 5...my god, did STEINS;GATE get GOOD! The story does a complete tonal shift and I quite literally could not stop myself from speed reading all the way to the very end. I just HAD to know if everyone achieved their happy ending; their perfect world. Almost all of the endings are so emotionally charged, I couldn't help but tear up each and every time. I never thought I'd care so much for these characters, and the raw emotion from just the spoken dialogue alone is so beautiful. I can't imagine STEINS;GATE working as anything other than a visual novel.It's been a long time since I've become so invested in a story, so drawn to so many charming and lovable characters. I won't spoil the endings of anything else, but if you're a casual reader or an anime fan who loves crazy Japanese characters, science and time travel, and emotional storytelling, then I give STEINS;GATE my most enthusiastic recommendation~"
,Recommended,412830,25874400,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mehdiobsi,"I watched the anime but... Wow. The VN is a lot more amazing ! The endings, the musics, the CGs... Everything is amazing !It's clearly worth its price, I recommand it without any hesitation !"
76561198232845828,Recommended,412830,33506653,Posted: 13 July,all,Filidutten,"If you've seen the anime of this game, and you're wondering what might be different in this story, i can tell you that most of the story is quite like the story in the anime. However, some parts in the story in the game don't line up with the anime.Both stories have different endings, (i prefer the one in the anime) and both stories are in my opinion very worth watching/reading.The game is alot more in depth than the anime where you get more of a feeling over how the characters really feel (especially Okabe since you get to read what he's thinking).To put some perspective into things:The anime consists of 25 episodes, (roughly 25 minutes each) which ends up with around 10-11 hours total. The game took me 26 hours to finish.If you really liked the anime or if you are just interested in the game, i recommend this game to you. In my opinion, the anime was better, (it had the better ending and felt more alive, maybe because of the characters actually moving).But still, i found this game to be worth the money.9/10"
76561198008412332,Recommended,412830,28815270,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,oknoumi,"I see a lot of people giving this game a flawless review and it kinda annoys me, I wanna put it in its place once and for allFirst of this is a good if not great visual novel. Solid and enjoyable story, characters, narrative, music. You can read all the other reviews to get an idea of how good a visual novel it is. I'd say I got a good 20+ hours out of it.Some aspects I didn't like with this game:It's pretty much impossible to get the 'true ending' without some sort of walkthrough or guide. You have to make some very specific choices which purely  by chance is highly unlikely you will make alone.The game has its slow and monotonous moments. Like many people it takes quite a while to really get gripped by the narrative but when it does it's an excellent and thoroughly enjoyable experience. I did find myself skipping some parts which I knew from previous experience of playing other visual novels, would be trivial. (Some parts that are just meant to make you invested more into a character, which is fine, but as I said, does go on and is a bit predictable)Music is lovely but in my opinion overrated. The main themes are nice and there are some beautiful background tracks in there but some of it feels like typical visual novel. I'm not going to go and listen to the ost in my free time. (Which I actually do for games that I find have great music!)The gameplay: I think the phone trigger system is kinda dumb, as I said  your 'choices' in this game depend on which messages you reply to/ if you pick up a call, you get hundreds of them so knowing which ones are important is kinda tough and it's not really possible to get the true ending first time you play it because your responses are so specific.I don't wanna nit pick anymore. It's a great visual novel, I would recommend it but wait for the sales."
76561198111349584,Recommended,412830,28675683,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,D3X,"Wow just wow the anime was great but this is truly special, being in the eyes of Okabe Rintarou as he wrestles with times cruel twists and turns while making you feel truly helpless as the reader.This in my own opinion is what a visual novel should entail a amazing tear jerking narretive with the feeling that you are powerlessly watching a narretive go on feeling that you  CANNOT SAVE HER YOU CANNOT SAVE HER...but in actual fact you can.This is a great VN by far.9/10-Dex"
,Recommended,412830,25494306,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,CodeBlue,"I always loved the Anime but I have never purchased a Visual Novel before and thought I never would especially at this price but you know what I just went for it and I have not been disapointed so far, I already know the story line but its nice to view it in this format.Buy it and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,412830,34797771,Posted: 7 September,all,thanbo,"I liked the plot twists. You don't get multiple choice questions in this game. The endings are based on how you interact with the phone and especially email replies.It's a truly unforgettable visual novel indeed.There're some freezing bugs when I use the backlogs, but the good story still keeps me within the game."
,Recommended,412830,32977704,Posted: 29 June,all,actually a dog,"For people who have watched the anime, this gives you the chance to discover new endings to the already great story that it brought to us. And for the ones who have not watched the show, I totally suggest playing the game, the ''phone trigger'' mechanic makes you choose sometimes what to do and It's actually quite interesting what the outcome might be. And of course, the voices, soundtrack and CG makes it even better.El. Psy... Kongroo."
76561198129411711,Recommended,412830,29075132,Posted: 6 January,all,Inconsistent Gamer,"Taking place in the Akihabara district in Tokyo, Japan during the summer of 2010,Steins;Gateis told from the perspective of college student and self-proclaimed mad scientist Okabe Rintaro. Rintaro is the founder and head of the Future Gadget Laboratory, an organization dedicated to creating new gadgets and technologies. Alongside him are his longtime friend from childhood Shiina Mayuri and computer expert Hashida ""Daru"" Itaru. As the story begins, Rintaro is interested in the possibilities of time travel and attends a conference on the subject, but suddenly some strange events seem to suddenly change the world around him, except that no one but him remembers the world as it was. He tries to recover from the shock when he encounters the young genius Makise Kurisu, whom he had previously saw dead before the world changed.As a person who first heard about this game before I even knew there was an anime adaptation (as I am not really an anime fan), I went into this mostly blind. I am a little biased since I have a soft spot for time travel movies and this game's premise immediately interested me. I was not disappointed.This game is a visual novel, a type of video game that is heavily story-based and requires little input from the player. There are a few different routes to take and this game has a total of six different endings depending on the choices the player makes during play.As a visual novel, the main attraction here is the story and writing. I found this aspect of the game to be excellent. To be sure, the story starts off rather slow. The first few hours does come off as a little boring as the premise is established and the characters are introduced. However, if you stick with it the reward is a very engaging story along with well-written and memorable characters. Time travel is the main theme of the story and it explores the ethical and philosophical consequences of its use. The plot itself becomes more intricate and interesting as the story continues on and this writing keeps it interesting all the way to the end. Indeed, as I was playing through this I often found myself losing track of time (no pun intended) as I kept wondering what would happen next. Really, the less you know about the plot going in, the more you are likely to enjoy it. On top of that, I also enjoyed the amount of humor in the game as it contains many jokes such as poking fun at nerd culture. In addition, the story can be quite emotional at times as Rintaro must deal with the consequences of using time travel technology.The art in the game is good and it includes detailed backgrounds, character sprites, and CGs.I thought the music was pretty good as well and the various tracks did a good job of integrating appropriately with the scenes. Also, the game contains fully voiced dialogue in the original Japanese. Though I do not speak Japanese, I felt that the voice over did provide an added emotional depth to the conversations.I only have a couple of minor criticisms of this game. The first is that it is nearly impossible to get the true ending without some sort of a guide as the decisions the player must make to get to that point are rather arbitrary. The other thing would be that I felt that a couple of scenes just dragged on too long (the RaiNet tournament scene in chapter 7 is probably the worst example of this). But still, these are minor points and did not really detract from my enjoyment of this game.If you play this, I would suggest going in blind without a walkthrough and just make whatever decisions you think are best. It is worth trying during the first play-through and I certainly enjoyed my first experience playing this.All in all, I found this to be an excellent visual novel. All aspects of this game just seemed to work right with an engrossing plot, memorable characters, great music, and good art. Though a bit pricey, this game should provide an average player with at least forty hours worth of entertainment. (As of this writing, it took me around forty-eight hours to achieve 100% completion including some backtracking for achievements.) Even if you have never played a visual novel before, this would be a good place to start as it is an exemplary example of the genre. If you do like visual novels, I highly recommend it especially if you enjoy science fiction stories involving time travel."
,Recommended,412830,29331509,Posted: 17 January,all,The Memessiah,"Seriously the most well thought out and clever time travel narrative I've ever had the pleasure of coming across. I say that with no exaggeration. This handles the very nature of time travel and how people woud deal with it so incredibly well. The characters are great, the thought and detail are great, and the protagonist has some amazing character development over the course of everything.The anime is good and all, but this is, without a doubt, the definitive experience. Worth all $35 I spent on it."
,Recommended,412830,29237290,Posted: 13 January,all,Ossie,Steins;Gate sets a high bar for visual novels on Steam; it’s superior to the anime and I hope to see more Nitro+ games on here in the future
,Recommended,412830,30382444,Posted: 7 March,all,Bees?,Refilled all of my empty Dr.Pepper bottles with tears. I'll never go thirsty again. 10/10
,Recommended,412830,25424411,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","It's Steins;Gate... I've been waiting for this to hit steam ever since big names like Clannad, Higurashi no naku koro ni, and the grisaia series hit steam, this is by far and large one of the best visual novels of all time, around 630,000 english word script all characters fully voiced including the MC, and the way you make choices is very unique in this VN compared to others (using the phone interface to make choices when you deem neccessary to change the outcome of the game). This game should last you about 30-40 hours if you go through and get all the endings, the soundtrack is amazing, the characters are great and I can't not recommend this to anyone, especially if you enjoy sci-fi stories and stories about time travel (there's a lot of scientific explanations in this game too, explaining the deeper meaning of things and all that so you don't need to know all the theorems and the like being stated.)"
,Recommended,412830,29197157,Posted: 11 January,all,BobFish,Absolutely Phenomenal!Steins;Gate starts off a bit slow and imo a bit weird as you meet all the characters and the plot is set up. However once you reach a certain point the game takes a turn and you realise that the start was necessary to build the characters and set the scene. After this point I played the game pretty much nonstop to the end.Every one of the endings was extremely well done and I probably would have believed it if some of them were the actual end.Make sure you look up a guide if you’re unable to get the true ending by yourself (because it’s pretty tricky to do so) as YOU NEED TO EXPERIENCE IT.Overall 10/10 probably  going into my top 10 games of all time.
,Recommended,412830,28767431,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Almighty Ju,"I thought the anime was great, this just takes it to new depths and I am super fussy with VN's.If I could go back in time I would rather use a guide to get to stiens gate on my first play through since I marathoned it and lost a bit of the tension having to play through again, thats my only flaw with this VN.Why haven't you bought it yet??El. Psy. Kongroo"
,Recommended,412830,26040208,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kristunar,"This visual novel is absolutely amazing. I don't believe I’ve ever experienced anything that has made me laugh as much or cry as much as I did when playing through this.IT’S SO GOODThe story is fantastic and brilliantly set up, all the characters are loveable in each their own way, the soundtrack is great, and the phone trigger system works very well and is interesting to use.One thing I truly appreciate is that everything makes sense, both in the humane aspects and in the scientific aspects of the story. Characters behave how they realistically would after being exposed to time travel, and we get scientific explanations for how everything works, which is great.All of these things come together perfectly to create the masterpiece of writing known as Steins;Gate, and it’s bloody great.I’d recommend this VN to most people, especially those who know a thing or two about otaku and internet culture. You just need to have a decent bit of time on your hands that you can dedicate to it. Itisn’t what I’d call short. If you do have the time, though, you most definitely won’t regret buying and playing it. I promise.Unless you’re a filthy normal, that is.All in all: Absolutely amazing.9.6/10El Psy Kongroo."
76561198155051383,Recommended,412830,31795829,Posted: 16 May,all,eduardhl,"Loved the game, now I just hope for Steins;Gate 0 to come out on Steam in the near future"
76561198010716149,Recommended,412830,25650294,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Abbydog,"This is my first review so bear with me here. I felt compelled to review this product because if you are reading this, I want you to experience this story. I apologize if this opinion offends anyone but I do not feel that this product is really a game.  I know the discussion has been had ad nausem about what truly makes a game. I make this distinction purely so you, the prospective buyer knows full well what he/she is purchasing. This is a novel. Theres some pick your adventure aspects but the choices are too random to be truly considered choices at all. With that being said, this novel is simply brilliant. If you love science fiction and have any interest in time travel at all you simply must read this novel. In my 50 years on this planet I have read a staggering amount of science fiction and fantasy literature and no story I've read effected me emotionally as much as this story did. And not just once. Time and time again this story delivers an emotional punch that will linger will you long after you've concluded all the various endings. This work is a bargain at twice whatever price its currently being offered at."
,Recommended,412830,26143740,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,< blank >,"okay ill write a proper review when I finish the game but i just had to say it DELETED MY SAVE that's not something i want a vn to do yes ill recommend the game for now because i'm still on the prologue and know nothing of the story yet , the art is nice too."
76561198180321801,Recommended,412830,25426343,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,VIncent bbb ZH,"Waited so long and finally, it is here, on steam! Recommend! Although I nearly didn't play, I actually finish the game twice and got all 6 endings in those 100 hours 4 years ago. This game is the best virtual novel on steam and totally worth to buy! I would pay more than the original price for the wonderful game content, so I bought two and gave one to my friend. However, it is cheaper than the console version or PC version release on 2009.The game is long and a player can spend 40~80 hours for 1 round , but to get to the true ending, there are special messages and phone calls to respond ; the true ending is important! This virtual novel is a great masterpiece and its settings, contents, and bgms are splendid, too.  All 6 main characters have their own ending, (One is true ending, steins gate ending) and they are realistic, showed all the main character's conflict in their human kind and choose the decide.The futuristic technologies and mystery plots excited me and made me couldn't stop playing. With the quick save and save property, I can return anytime. :DHow to reach true end ( !spoilers alert!)All these messages are from Kurisu Makise, It is very important to do the action listed below if you want the true end.Chapter 4:(In front of CRT shop)Receive: Did you write?Rely on keyword:  Mad scientistReceive: scientistReply one keyword: bad scientistReceive: bad scientistRely on keyword: Old men smelled burden(At Faris's house)Receive: home aloneReply on keyword: outsidersReceive: Yii~ Yii~ Yii~Reply on keyword: Humiliation ( or something has the similar meaning)Receive: staring at my handReply Keyword: why I am at such place like this( leaves the house)Receive: I am hereChapter 5(Akihabara shopping for things)Receive: Planning onReply on keyword: TollsReceive: idiot!Receive: ( ' .w. ')Chapter 7( Infront of broadcast Hall)Receive: Keys ( ?O?)Reply on keyword:  security work(time leap back to see Faris)Receive: it is wishful thinking I know it is ( somewhat close to this)Reply on keyword : reality( Lei net match stage)Receive: realityChapter 8( Akihabara)Receive: first prove to me and then explain)Reply on keyword : what is going on(shrine)Receive: how is it possible( at Kiryu's house)( contract me first you stupid)Reply on keyword: disturbedChapter 10( On the roof of broadcast hall)Receive: where are you right nowReply on keyword:  where is the person ( if this keyword didn't show up, go back to the last quicksave or save and it will appear because the game wants the player to play the Kurisu Makise end first.)If you did all these actions, you will get into the true end.P.S. Do a lot of quick save, before and after important event or texting.The tip for the true ending isn't 100% accurate on the translate, but the meanings are definitely the same."
,Recommended,412830,25433007,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Lambda,"This is, without the slightest doubt, among the best time travel-related stories out there. Throw away all prejudice you might have towards visual novels - it's worth it. Explains most of the terms and jokes regarding Japanese subcultures quite well, and actually simultaniously builds an interesting universe of its own that is very similar to our world.More in-depth: It's a visual novel, so there's not much to be said about gameplay. You read, basically, and sometimes make choices using your phone. The phone mechanic is pretty well-implemented. The art is pretty well-done and the soundtrack is great. There's an extensive tips-section that unlocks as you play, providing (As mentioned) backgrounds on Japanese subculture and inside-jokes, but also on scientific subjects it handles. Yes, this game teaches you some physics!And, you know the words;El Psy Kongroo."
,Recommended,412830,25422366,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,yanqui,"I've read the JAST release a few years back and this version is supposed to be the definitive one right? However the font is a bit ugly compared to JAST's release, though it's not that bad when you read it from afar. JAST's font is easier to read infront of the computer.The sharpness and the color is better than JAST's though. I may have to check the JAST copy again just to make sure.This version is good if you want to play it on a large TV with gamepad.I suggest reading it maybe at least 3 feet away from the screen and you'll start appreciating the font used in this game.・Controller should be plug'n'play. It doesn't work if you plug the controller in after launching the game.・Japanese UI should be downloaded with the game and not another 1.8GB optional download (Properties -> Languages) on top of the 5.8GB and allow us to switch it in-game.・Everytime you switch languages, you have to redownload at least 1.7GB of data.・Doesn't allow the reader/player to customize the font.STEINS;GATE for Steam improvement patch:http://sonome.dareno.me/projects/sghd.html"
,Recommended,412830,27569003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wayne Jamison,"Love the anime, but this game is wayyyy better 0w0 .3."
76561198031166705,Recommended,412830,25424015,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Hunk,"Received a message dated on the Sep 14 2011 on my phone, saying ""Buy STEINS;GATE game on Steam when is it released on the Sep 08 2016.""10/10 would follow stranger message again."
76561198153458759,Recommended,412830,25975555,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Taswitz,"I watched the anime around a year and a half ago, and I've waited to get this game hoping it would come out on steam. To my surprise I found out the day after, and I've enjoyed it so far. It gives so much more insight on the characters, and what they think on in the background. I Absolutely recommend it for it's story and art style!"
,Recommended,412830,29279262,Posted: 15 January,all,lev1atan,El psy congroo
,Recommended,412830,33059220,Posted: 30 June,all,DieNand,"I'm not finished with it yet, but I thought I'd drop a recommendation and a few thoughts on it so long.Is it good?For those who saw the anime adaptation first: (like me)It's definitely a fun way to revisit the series. Ultimately it depends on whether or not you have the time. I expect that a 100% finish will take around 20+ hours. It seems to follow mainly the same main route as the anime adaptation, maybe some twists here and there. It seems like the story is mostly effected by emails you send with your phone though I'm unsure exactly how they change things. Also they seem to spend more time explaining how their pseudo science actually works than in the anime and there's also convinient tips and reminders that you can read to refresh your memory and make sure of certain details which is nice when you're like me. I also enjoyed seeing the world from Okabe's perspective. (He is the coolest character in Steins;Gate. The rest are fairly flat (except maybe Makise Kirisu, but she's the classic girl genius type which doesn't seem to resonate with me) or honestly annoying imho)For those who have not seen the anime adaptation:I first watched Steins;Gate when I was still in high school and at the time it really got me thinking about the reality of time travel. I guess kinda like The Time Machine by H.G Wells did for people before Steins;Gate. (btw I did read The Time Machine, it was a fun read.) Having said that, I recommend Steins;Gate as a good entry point for this kinda fiction.I'm no scientist, but certainly if we can move forward through time we should be able to at least speed up the process or slow it down, right? Well... not really. Time is relative and most theories boil down to not really ""Time Travel"" but more like time moves differently for you as a side effect of your movement. Which means, basically, that time still moves the same for everyone else but depending on how much SPEEEEEDDD you apply to yourself time might be much different when you arrive back after  your spppeeeedddy trip, which ultimately isn't traveling through time but still just travelling. It happens all the time when we move from one place to another, really... Then there's also a ton of black whole theories but heck that gets kinda complex to explain here.Why does this matter? Well Steins;Gate is a fictional story about time travel and I guess you should have some knowledge or interest in the ideas going in, right?I really like Steins;Gate's take on it  and how the group of friends stumbled upon it purely by accident. I also liked the Japanese setting and the world kinda seems a bit... entropic, I guess, is the best way to describe it.I also enjoyed laughing at the terrible Computer Science in here geeze... I've learned however to just accept that it plays by the rules of another fictional universe and deal with it. (it is certainly better than the likes of what you'll see in CSI.) Steins;Gate is probably partly to blame for my interest in retro PCs and Programming so there's that too. (it's never as cool as in fiction though.)Reviewy parts:Does it run well?YesSteam sync?Yes, well implemented. (Not that it's hard (I know how it works, did the research))Graphics?VN so sprites and stuff. Some character zooms are aliased. Supports 720/1080 both windowed and fullscreen.Sound?Voice acting is mint quality. :)Music is fine. There are good tracks and bad ones.Okabe's lines can be particularly funny.Story?Good read. Fun concepts, environments and motives.Characters?Eh... as mentioned in the part for people who watched the anime. Okabe is my fav, the rest are either up to par(at best), boring or annoying.Overall:I don't give ratings anymore as they are subjective and don't really help, but this VN is good at any price. There's a lot to like here."
,Recommended,412830,33343331,Posted: 7 July,all,Kyouma,If you watched the anime this VN is a must have for any fan of STEINS;GATE
76561198118399450,Recommended,412830,31723138,Posted: 13 May,all,DatLemonHD,This is one of the best visual novels ever. Period. El Psy Kongroo.
76561197964460165,Recommended,412830,25995373,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,BigT,"An incredible journey.  The associated animation is good but it doesn't do this VN justice.  Trying to complete this one quickly will net you 30 hrs of gameplay.  You'll need a guide and some time, but you won't want to put this down."
,Recommended,412830,30952760,Posted: 4 April,all,Sime,Well written. but much patience is needed before reaching the climax.
,Recommended,412830,35115936,Posted: 21 September,all,Kami Sama,"The voice of a girl, mannerism of a girl, more feminine than any girl I know.BUT HE'S A GUY."
,Recommended,412830,35197856,Posted: 25 September,all,whizvox,I managed to learn about the theoretical physics involved with time travel and cry at the same time.
,Recommended,412830,33861246,Posted: 28 July,all,RandomCC,The anime doesn't do it justice. I had to use a route guide because of the cell phone mechanic but it was totally worth.
,Recommended,412830,25650814,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dunciboy,Good story and plot. Intresting routes and a fantastic true ending. The concept of time travel is worked out extremly well and this makes it for a verry enjoyable visual novel. I played every single route and tried achieve every achievement with pleasure in this game.
76561198075875723,Recommended,412830,25706663,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Mazelex,"I can not begin to describe how amazing this game is. The feeling of involvement you get from this game is simply stunning and to make it better, the story is one of the best I have ever been apart of. If you enjoy VN type games that have deep meaningful characters and endings then this is a must have. I'm a little upset right now because I did not get the True Ending but fret not!!! I plan to invest more time in this game so that I can achieve Steins Gate and watch things play out the right way!! This game is worth the time."
76561198041016520,Recommended,412830,31549271,Posted: 4 May,all,KaasGrater,One of the best VN out there. I would reccoment it even if this is your first VN.
76561197994873491,Recommended,412830,34234933,Posted: 14 August,all,Gangrer,"Well, after coming across many positive reviews before my playthrough, I can now safely say this game is amazing. Story starts rather slowly, but when it picks up, it will likely be an intense and thrilling experience. The artwork and music are also among some of the best I've seen.I would definitely recommend anime/VN fans or even casuals to check it out. Hopefully, the sequel will be on Steam soon!"
,Recommended,412830,34900675,Posted: 12 September,all,Absent Silhouette,全てはシュタインズゲートの選択である。エル・プサイ・コングルゥ
76561198153492364,Recommended,412830,34893400,Posted: 11 September,all,Icezoned,El Psy Congroo.
76561198069292690,Recommended,412830,34942075,Posted: 13 September,all,smashBG,"Pros: - Time travel is well-explained and consistent in its applications and effects.- The science behind the time travel is mostly based on real-world principles, which are explained in detail yet also accessible to anyone with a moderate knowedge of physics.- Characters aren't generic anime trash. Mostly.- Story is consistently well-paced and wastes zero time on filler.- No sex scenes. This is a story about time travel, and it never loses sight of that.Cons: - The method for reaching the Good Ending is obtuse, and the cutoff point for reaching it is only about 1/3 of the way through the story. Use a guide.- The UI is never properly explained, making it easy to accidentally hit a ""bad"" ending on your first go-round.Neutral: - Not for first-time visual novel readers.- 25-30 hours of story.- Seriously, use a guide.Verdict: 4 stars out of 5. A few minor annoyances, but sci-fi and time travel fans should definitely make room for this in their library."
76561197970296271,Recommended,412830,25642517,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,zorlag,"Very enjoyable visual novel.S;G is a time travel story that sort of, kind of doesn´t break its internal logic that much. That´s actually praiseworthy by itself, given how that particular sub-genre is riddled with logically flawed stories.S;G also pretty lengthy and art is solid, if somewhat limited in terms of unique character images. Animations are very limited and are mostly just ""special effects"".Who it isn´t for:People who can´t handle high-pitched voices or too much moe (Faris, Lukako and Mayushii will destroy your mind).People who don´t like mad (fake) scientists and tropes that go with them (Okabe will make you mad in first half of the game)."
,Recommended,412830,25702512,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Gunmetal Grey,"Fantastic story and characters, and well thought-out explanations to all of the temporal shenanigans.The anime is fantastic as well, and I watched it first, though the anime doesn't really cover as much as the VN does, for obvious reasons. I highly recommend both."
,Recommended,412830,25540223,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,An Actual Bear,Absolutely beautiful visual novel. One that take a very real approach to the excitement and horrors that come from tampering with God-level science that should not be in human hands. It's a 30+ hour experience that I actually couldn't put down. Because of this I could only do three practice swings with Samidare.
,Recommended,412830,34951580,Posted: 14 September,all,Abusive,TheAdd to cartbutton is up there.
,Recommended,412830,25431208,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Yozakura,"I bought it because to enter Steins;gate world line, i need to buy it otherwise the Organization will come to hunt mehere what i found in Steins;gate world line(nonsenses)- Cool Theories(even i don't understand them)- El Psy Congroo(Secret Code)- IBN 5100 could destroy the world- Nyan^2(Maid + Cat ears)- x6 times ""he's a guy""- Easy way to get hired by CRTs workshop- How to turn Bananas into Gelbanas(Not nonsenses)- Great Arts- Great Story line- Good voice acting- Multiple Ending- Mystery and Confusion(for those who haven't watched anime or played this game before)- El Psy Congroo"
,Recommended,412830,25490109,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Murakumo1928,"First trading card Makise Kurisu!V(=^･ω･^=)v My $30 worth.Warning:This product will have running region restriction rather than just activation restriction if you bought this from regions like Mainland China or Russia! Don't try to get a lower price, go for the global version!Have played the ""free version"" of Steins Gate for so long, please accept my tribute. I can get all achievements without any hint now. Finally it come to pc, and in 1080p. Just like a dream come true.10/10Pros:Better Graphics then first release, now same as the previous version on PS4. Sorry Xbox.For new players:Fantastic storyline with multi-ending, all of them will make sense when you choose whether to send message or not. It's not too weird like some galgames that The secret Steins Gate timeline ending is not easy to discover, but not too difficult to obtain.Awesome voice overBest OST ever. Hope they make a OST DLC on steam.Cons:Some of the english localization are not perfect. Though this time I played the Japanese version.But the complaints players does reflect some issue in the localization of the UI.Every time you switch language, you need to download 1.7G of data. w(ﾟДﾟ)wPlease don't press ctrl when playing the game. This will skip anything no matter whether it has being read or not.Remember to go back to title first before exiting! Or the quicksaves may not be write your save file.Not a foil Makise Kurisu. w(ﾟДﾟ)wEl Psy Congroo"
,Recommended,412830,26209419,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Existence is Agony,I actually want to ♥♥♥♥ing kill myself.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,412830,25422857,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,C:\Users\LuKah>_,"This is without question my favorite series to date. The artstyle is nice, the concept is fantastic and the whole thing is just beyond amazing. There's numerous translation errors and a few questionable GUI decisions but it's really hardly anything that matters. As long as you've got half a brain the game is essentially perfect, the little errors begin to get phased out. With coming updates these issues should be fixed anyway, though. This is arguably the best VN on Steam at the moment, and will likely retain that title for a while. With a bit of luck Steins;Gate 0 could be released on Steam aswell, and that would pretty much solidify this VNs position as the most worthwhile VN purchase on Steam. Even if you don't usually bother to read VNs this is absolutley worth your time. If you're interested in Time Travel and related concepts or just good stories this is a great purchase. If you would actually be bothered with minor translation errors though, you might want to wait. Again, they aren't that bad but they're still present. Regardless I couldn't recommend this VN enough.Faris ending worst ending, Not even a contest.nominate this game for an award pls"
76561198090044323,Recommended,412830,25423874,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Usher,El Psy Congroo！
,Recommended,412830,26965823,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Casham,"Steins;Gate has one of the best if not the best storylines and writing in its genre across any medium, memorable characters who you will grow to care for deeply, an excellent original soundtrack that further invests your emotions, impressive artwork, fantastic voice acting that captures the personalities and emotions of the characters that they portray, and a helpful in-game glossary that explains any obscure references or concepts.I give this visual novel a 1.048596β out of 1.130246β."
,Recommended,412830,29035515,Posted: 5 January,all,五河士织,官方中文追加必要！！！
,Recommended,412830,30759032,Posted: 26 March,all,Dolraeth,"I already knew of Steins;Gate, having followed an extensive Let's Play on Youtube.In a way it's a pity that I don't experience this amazing story for the first time, but it's a pleasure all the same.I detected no major shortcomings with this version of the game -it's said to be locked at 30 FPS, but you won't notice badly. You can also put it full screen.So, a big thumbs up for one of the most wildly popular and best written visual novels out there! You should definitely try it anytime if you like a grand life-or-death, unlikely-hero-saves-the-world story. It mixes the sinister and crude with the silly and easygoing deftly."
76561198111003032,Recommended,412830,29540622,Posted: 28 January,all,吸血鬼,"It is more than a game.Original and elegant CG and music. Memorable, interesting and deep characters who have their own problems and who want to empathize. A wonderful story, full of interesting ideas, plot twists and drama ...This masterpiece, which in my opinion deserves a 10/10.Even after seeing the adaptation of it it was very interesting to ""play.""If you are interested in the story of this game, but for some reason you do not want to play it, you can just see the adaptation. This adaptation is very good and from almost nothing to cut. After viewing, you can decide whether to play it or not.It is waiting for Steins; Gate 0 to Steam.El Psy Congroo"
,Recommended,412830,29122342,Posted: 8 January,all,Triumphingnoob,"the show seriously ♥♥♥♥ed me up for a long time after I finished it, like it shook my entire reality for a straight week and can say for certain that it influences me today.a while later i found out its based on a visual novel of the same name, and that its on steam (ʰᵒˡʸᶠᵘᶜᵏʰᵒˡʸᶠᵘᶜᵏ) so naturally i bought it and played it. this was also my first visual novel, not really knowing what a visual novel was at the time.this game, unlike the anime, knows that it has no time constraint for telling its story and developing its characters, so it takes advantage of that even better than the shows does. (naturally)the steins gate visual novel is even more of a slow burn story than the show, and i think this is to its advantage.it develops its characters personalities to be realistic and believable, as well as characters interactions with each other. that isnt to say that the anime doesn't do that perfectly aswell, just that the game may have more of an emotional hold on you since you will spend more time with it.if you liked the steins gate anime, this is a must have.a lot of content was not adapted into animation like some events and alternative endings. some of those those ""bad"" endings will genuinely be burned into your memory forever.if you're looking to get into steins gate either by playing the game or watching the show, only play the game first if you are no stranger to visual novels. the game is seriously time consuming even if you rush through the dialogue. i think it would be a tragedy for someone to put 30 hours into it just to get an alternative ending that they may not find satisfying, and having them give up on the game and forget about the show.tl;dr if you know you are a patient person, play the game first. if you are not or don't know, watch the show first, then play the game. (its all free onyoutube)"
76561198044991614,Recommended,412830,30751521,Posted: 26 March,all,tommi2496,"This is certainly the best time travel -related narrative I've ever read or seen. It utilizes the time travel setting almost perfectly and all the mysteries come together in the end in a very satisfying manner. The story also has an amazing cast, the interactions of which never grow old. Some might find the beginning parts a little slow, but it's absolutely necessary for the player to get invested in the characters and to really feel for their plight later on.I do admit that I personally enjoyed the story more in the anime-format, but the original visual novel is still definitely worth experiencing as it explains many of the time travel mechanics more thoroughly and expands on character backgrounds. And of course how could more Steins; Gate ever be a bad thing!"
76561198234231600,Recommended,412830,33468202,Posted: 11 July,all,CokolateKak,"One of the most immersive stories I've ever come across. Unbelievably well thought out, and incredibly addictive. It really makes you feel something for the characters."
76561197992058158,Recommended,412830,33368491,Posted: 8 July,all,King Dedede 777,"You know... I always loved time travelling since I've played the Zero Escape series. It is the perfect mix out of emotionality and science. And Steins;Gate just captured every moment of it in a manner, where you would think that time just has been a concept which can be skipped by humanity. It feels like you are in it, you can change the world at your own will...Still, there always has been the difference... the decisions, whether you want to save one person or destroy his/her life... I just couldn't get it over heart to destroy these people's lives just to save one person... Every time when I saw an ending, I was crying or nearly in front of it... The whole game just left me devastated, but on an amazing way...And it goes on to so many ways: The whole time-travel paradigm is in itself just a gigantic way to go through the psychological horrors of life: Seeing death, losing someone you love, asking your own identity and choosing between two of the worst things which could happen in life... And in the end you have to give up everything just to see the ones happy you love the most...It is heartbreaking to see these people in suffering, having so many memories of them, as they were happy, sad and peaceful..."
,Recommended,412830,26998033,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,a guy,"this is a must-have for any weeaboo, and even filthy casuals. multiple endings, a lot of content, interesting characters, and the perfect waifu (aka: kurisu). buy it!"
,Recommended,412830,29543108,Posted: 28 January,all,Calamity,"Where do I even begin with this game?Well my introduction to the Steins;Gate universe started with the first couple of episodes of the anime. However as I discovered that a visual novel release would come to Steam shortly I decided to postpone it. A decision that I am really greatfull to myself for choosing. This story is amazing! It has some really interesting characters to follow and you can really feel the development throughout the story.My biggest praise however has to go to ""hououin kyouma""/Rintaro Okabe for being such an odd person that you somehow still can relate to. I was actually surprised by how his internal dialouge changes as things turn more sour.Though everything can't be a praise of this game as I would seriously argue that the PC port is somewhat pourly made especially in the controls department. I would have really appreciated if they had taken the time to make a proper use for the keyboard and not keep the same weird controller system. Also the different manues feel rather sloppy in design and the fact that you can only have 60 saves is an odd thing for a PC game??But back to the praise, music is another high as they seem to have picked the quality over quantity with only a few songs reused throughout the story. I believe there is about 6 songs total however the mesmerizing sound that is pulled by especially ""Believe me"" is what really takes it home.Voiceacting is something that I am not entirely sure how to judge as I don't speak japanese which is the only option. But I will strech as far as to say that most sounds seem rather appropriate for the chracters they portray. Even though they really should fix the screaming for Daru as it sounds nothing like a scream. The english text is really well written however occasional spelling errors can be found.But how could I forget about the endings!This is the main reason I would argue that you should play this before watching the anime as it allows you to make your own decisions on the way. So when you at some point get to watch the anime you will be able to enjoy seing the differences in decisionmaking. Otherwise the different options allow for an even larger story based upon the chracters which simply works as a great excuse to spend more time with a universe like no other I have seen in anime.To summarize:Pros ++Engaging story throughout which only turns better as you continue+Realistic character portrayal+Mesmerizing musicCons --poorly formatted for PC-some use of japanse puns combined with english fall flat when you can only understand english"
76561198066006110,Recommended,412830,34690031,Posted: 2 September,all,Dircashede,"Immensely enthralling story. It admittedly starts off a little slow in the early chapters but that was offset for me by the charm of the characters who kept me engaged. It seems like nearly everyone is put off by Okarin's nonsense, but at the same time must be curious enough of his next tangent to hang around him. I found myself embracing the madman I was in control of, sending some of the most inane text messages, only wondering how the recipients must be feeling when they see them.But beyond the silliness, there's a lot of heart to this game, and on the flipside it'll take joy in ripping yours out and twisting it into submission. Chapter 5 and onwards is an utter thrill ride that had me heavily invested in the safety and harmony of the cast. I'd recommend it but Steins Gate has probably already decided whether or not you'll buy it. El Psy Kongroo."
76561198043593333,Recommended,412830,26549546,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Slaaneshou,"All in all, STEINS;GATE is a great visual novel. The art style is a nice take on the traditional manga/anime graphical tropes and the true conclusion is among the best I've seen in a narrative game. The twists are well done. The voice acting is impressive. The characters are well written. The game successfully tries to stay interactive thanks to its phone mechanic. But the most likeable achievement of the game is the way it sticks with its own rules regarding time travel. No deus ex machina here : it's all cause and consequence.However, the game is pulled back by a set of small issues, none of them being gamebreaking though. The awesome soundtrack is poorly managed during some scenes and the number of tracks sometimes appears to be scarce. There are also frequent pacing issues : the game does take its time to take off, and it's not helped by the scientific babble that doesn't always come in handy. Don't mistake me : bringing science into video games is awesome. But that should be done in a way that does not alter the experience (so that people might eventually get interested in it).8/10"
76561198118800746,Recommended,412830,34924837,Posted: 13 September,all,Najor2000,"Great, bought the game for the full price less than a week before it was put up for sale, this must be the organization's scheme.What? I shouldn't care because the game is still awesome and has more content than the anime which is already great? I understand, this must be the will of Steins Gate.El Psy Congroo."
,Recommended,412830,34942396,Posted: 13 September,all,Wonton 👺,El. Psy. Kongroo.
,Recommended,412830,35085091,Posted: 20 September,all,RAAMBO,"Steins;Gate is one of the most popular Visual novels ever made, for good reason.Pros:-Amazing story filled with plot twists.-Great set of characters.-Really unique artstyle.-Interesting phone mechanicCons:-Kind of annoying how to reach the true ending you have to choose specific replies in the text messages, might alienate new players.Also for players who are new to Visual novels, do keep in mind that this game has almost no gameplay and is closer to a book than a game."
,Recommended,412830,34965856,Posted: 15 September,all,Haeru,Must save Kurisu!!!
,Recommended,412830,35232209,Posted: 26 September,all,GoldSolitude,It's just too good.Make sure to use theCommitee of Zero patchfor quality of gameplay improvement!
,Recommended,412830,35016699,Posted: 17 September,all,✪ Daijou!!,"Recommended simply because Steins;Gate is a great anime with an even better VN.Don't forget to install the improvement patchhere, it makes the VN much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,412830,35038035,Posted: 17 September,all,L Ψ Kongroo,"Time Travel? Check.Conspiracies and Paranoia? Check.Tragedies and Triumph? Check.Baffling but solvable mysteries? Check.Fascinating perspective on cause and effect (and/or the lack thereof)? Absolutely!Heartbreak? More than I was ever prepared for.Steins;Gate is more of a ""traditional"" Visual Novel than I'm used to (Danganronpa, Long Live the Queen) with a cellphone feature that serves as your method of navigating through the infinitely (conceptually, not literally) different choices of ""Hyounin Kyouma,"" Mad Scientist Extrodinaire. The twists and turns of this game are all over the spectrum from hilarious, cringey (in a good, campy way), dramatic, and soul-shattering heartbreak.  Yes, this story made me cry twice and put the game down for a couple of days to re-steel myself. Steins; Gate isn't a short story, it's a fairly long experience (~17-18 hours) from start to true end (I wasn't interested in the side paths the first playthrough, so I didn't experiment for them).I liked the ending. It wasn't innovative or anything special, but it was satisfying and it felt earned for me. (YMMV of course, but you notice it more when you've got quite a few poor endings on the brain.)"
76561198049587714,Recommended,412830,35142416,Posted: 22 September,all,Bokimos,Steins;Gate is a fantastic game and anime. Here's hoping we'll see Steins;Gate 0 on Steam one day as well!
,Recommended,412830,35142149,Posted: 22 September,all,Tenshi Ray,"Better than the anime. Omg, took me three days to finish one of the endings... can finally get a good night's sleep"
,Recommended,412830,33508637,Posted: 13 July,all,Potato Fucker (WEMP),"Tutturu~ Need 1.048596 x 10^9 more cans of Dr. Pepper, please!"
,Recommended,412830,27467725,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,🅢🅔🅡🅐🅟🅗🅧☦,全ては、シュタインズゲートの选択！
,Recommended,412830,35140667,Posted: 22 September,all,Jeez,"My first ever 'Visual Novel' game; literally cannot recommend it enough. I'm on my 2nd playthrough, and enjoying it even more than my first playthrough. This game has everything: comedy, violence, sci-fi, a touch of romance, cute kitty girls, and a great story."
,Recommended,412830,25882391,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Gnawdoom,"I got it because the premise seemed interesting, but wow was I caught off guard. The voice acting is stellar, the writing is fantastic, the story is well constructed and goes from light-hearted comedy to dark and tense moments effortlessly. One (optional) part of the game in particular has you watching a character's transition from comedy to relief to a sociopath because of what were noble intentions, and it's even saddening.The characters are unique enough that I was invested in most all of them, although there is a tsundere type of character who's EXTREMELY cliche, to the point where it feels like parody.Learning more about each character was a pleasure and I found myself jumping into the game without question, not even looking at the other games I bought around the same time frame.The writing and story is strong enough that you'll blow through this game like you would a stellar show and when you complete it, you'll get that knot in your stomach like you do when you finish a book or show you were REALLY invested in.When things escalate in the story, you feel as nervous and paranoid as the main protagonist. When banter is happening, you can't help but snicker at the insults the team throws at each other.The game has a handy Codex mode that keeps descriptions of modern Japanese internet culture to explain and give context to some of the banter, and even documents real world historical internet / computer events referenced in dialogue, like Y2K and the John Titor posts.The music is overall pretty good. One theme I found to be rather annoying, but when I watched the anime of this game immediately after beating it that same song popped up as a ringtone as a nod to the game, and I felt a wave of nostalgia. For a game I had JUST beaten. The main theme captures the idea of the game. Weird, sad, and scientific.The main character is a Don Quixote type, but instead of believing himself to be a Knight of old, he considers himself to be a mad scientist bent on bringing the world to its knees. At first it comes off as strange, but it grows on you and the game uses it to portray his mental state. He often feigns the act when his friends notice that he's suddenly not spouting monologues to keep them thinking that he's okay, which was a little heart wrenching. And when you find out WHY he puts on an act at all, it pulls your heartstrings a bit.You have a ditzy childhood friend, a nerdy, overweight hacker dude (who was a lot of the comedy relief surprisingly), a tsundere scientist, a girl who seems to know a lot and has been through tough times, a girl ...or guy? who works at a shrine, and a woman who communicates through text.When things kick off, they REALLY kick off, and I found myself staying up extremely late to finish the story.The twists are well done. Mostly unexpected.There are six endings which are handily tracked by the game.Man, this game makes you think and makes you feel. It starts off by shoving the Quixote persona down your throat and spouting science at you, but once you settle in you feel like you're part of a show.And there is an anime based on this game!I got more time out of this game than I did, say, I am Setsuna, and I even found all of the secret weapons in that, and I haven't even gotten all of the endings.If you want a time kill and want to get invested, I highly recommend. There's nothing particularly engaging about the gameplay (most of it is done through the in game phone) as it is a visual novel, but it is a very good one. I can see myself revisiting just for the story."
,Recommended,412830,27020397,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EterNity,All time classic!
,Recommended,412830,33895474,Posted: 29 July,all,LiChE,masterpiece
,Recommended,412830,34944712,Posted: 14 September,all,Veelq,"Would listen to ""tutturu"" again.But seriously, I really missed this story because I watched anime a few years ago. Experiencing it from the perspective of my favourite mad scientist is even more interesting in my opinion. I am not a big fan of visual novels but this is just great plot, worth it if you're into some twisted sci-fi action. Watching/reading the anime/manga is not required but I think it adds a lil bit to the experience."
,Recommended,412830,27601532,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nighthawk,"I played this game after watching the anime adaption, and whilst there are many similarites between them, I feel this game has more than enough different content to make it worth your time. If you haven't seen the anime, you get to go into this wonderful story blind, which I envy you for.Basic Story overview (minor spoilers):The story follows Okabe Rintarou, self-preclaimed Mad Scientist, and his group of friends in the 'Future Gadget Labratory'. The main focus of their adventures is their experimentation on ""Future Gadget #8 'Phone Microwave' (name subject to change)"", a microwave that seems to be able to send things back in time. Over the course of the story, as the charcters abuse this machine over and over, the stakes increase quite dramtically, and Okabe starts to realise just how immense the situation he's dealing with is.Being a visual novel, you best be prepared to sit down and read a lot. However, given the quality of the writing, as long as the idea of reading doesn't make you want to tear your eyes out, the narrative is very enjoyable to progress through, though some may consider it slow at the beginning. It also delivers several interesting theories and conjectures around the science that the story uses, as opposed to simply telling the audience that the science it uses works because it says so, though arguably there is some of that as well.There is some level of interaction using Okabe's phone, but it's there more for triggering flags and getting some extra info on characters rather than as a massive gameplay feature. Most of the time big choices involving the phone are signposted quite obviously for the player, but others are more subtle, requiring either multiple runs or an online guide to progress through.Art and music are both quite good, with the music setting the mood for some of the more intense scenes in the game rather nicely. If you've come from the anime adaption, the art will probably look weird to you, but personally I found the adjustment quite easy to manage.The only thing I can think of as a deterrent would be the price tag, but in my opinion it's definitely worth the price of admission. The other potential negative would be replayability, as after completing all the routes, the only reason to play it again would be to re-experience the story, which whilst I'm sure many people would enjoy doing this, it's definitely not everyone's cup of tea. However, even wihtout replaying it, I'd still recommend it just for the first run through the game, which can easily take over 30 hours for the completition of every route.Overall, this game gets a heavy recommendation from me. It's personally one of my favourite narratives to have read, and I would hope that you find the same level of enjoyment that I did."
,Recommended,412830,34942092,Posted: 13 September,all,Elaments4,"Did not watch anime firstSteins;Gate holds up to it's reputation as an incredible engaging story with very well done character development. Other than a few minor issues as compared to other novels this is a vast improvement compared to Chaos;Head (same company and genre). 9/10The more enjoyable aspects of this novel I've found are:-Memorable ""Human"" characters who play their set personalities out but are not written overboard.-Dynamic characters-Dynamic protagonist-Choices with weightThe issues I have found reading this novel preventing my 10/10 supposedly may be addressed in the upcoming Elite Edition (sometime 2018 Japanese release?). For those curious:-Lack of diverse soundtrack (many are simply rehashes of the main theme in different genre's)-Short alternate route endings-The protagonist at times seems to lack critical thinking skills (Forgiveable just a personal pet peeve)"
,Recommended,412830,34911029,Posted: 12 September,all,✪ illyasviel -ubw-,Gotta save Makise Kurisu! Lets go!
,Recommended,412830,25452842,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,El Psy Kongroo
,Recommended,412830,32788519,Posted: 25 June,all,Skoshea,"Steins;Gate is Steins;Great. If you're interested in time travel or science at all, this is a seriously good read. If you've never read a visual novel, I can't say I fault you, but Steins is at the top of the medium, in my opinion, and is worth giving a shot, even if you're not interested in VNs.Excellent writing, beautiful artwork, pretty sweet music, Makise Kurisu."
,Recommended,412830,25520824,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DarkHades,"Totally worth my money! Even though you may watch it as anime or read it as light novel, this game will provide more than that!"
,Recommended,412830,33303935,Posted: 6 July,all,Nilson,El... Psy.... Congroo....
76561198129690561,Recommended,412830,29643665,Posted: 1 February,all,Duduv,EL PSY CONGROO！PLZ add Chinese language!
,Recommended,412830,31897012,Posted: 22 May,all,Lintahlo,"IIt's seriously the best time travel story I've had the pleasure indulging in. So if you like experiencing the pains of time travel, give this a go."
,Recommended,412830,31384862,Posted: 26 April,all,Ed's Chowder Heads,This game cured my autism
,Recommended,412830,27697056,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Isaia | twitch.tv/the_isaia,BEST GAME EVEER
76561198086716950,Recommended,412830,27548292,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Quetzalcoatl (Lucoa),The path of Steins Gate is really unpredictable...
76561198011101181,Recommended,412830,27689211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Robw,Simply Amazing
,Recommended,412830,30857095,Posted: 31 March,all,Ekenwars,"I watched the anime a long time ago, so my memory while playing was hazy. But I can say that the visual novel brings about more content, detail, backstory and character development than what the anime has provided. And the anime itself was one of my top favorites, so it is safe to assume that I, once again, have fallen in love with Steins;Gate all over again.Pros:- Overwhelming plot and twist(s)- Memorable characters- Great soundtrack- Beautiful art style- Multiple endings; great replay valueCons:- Unnecessary phone mechanic that was made vital in some aspects of the game- Some unwanted twistsUrushibara is a ♥♥♥♥ing trap goddamitI may be biased when reviewing this game, but that's in one way a great aspect of the game; it is absolutely gorgeous.   Knowing visual novels, there will be a few boring parts that could make a player/reader doze off. But the combination of the artwork, soundtrack and dialogue to bring flawless atmosphere is one of the main reasons why I have enjoyed almost every scene this game has to offer.Expect a lot of reading and minimal interaction while playing. This is a visual novel after all. If you don't like either, then you would probably be better off playing other games. But if you are interested in a 'game' with interesting plot and characters, then give Steins;Gate a try.MINOR SPOILERS: READ AT YOUR OWN RISKA few of my friends complained that, while watching the anime, the story involved too much 'science-y' stuff to make it enjoyable. This might be true to some as there are a lot of references to several time travel theories and paradoxes; some of which are given a significant importance to the story. But you don't have to be a physics expert or a scientist to understand them. They are properly explained in the game in a quick and simple way.The plot involving multiple realities is also quite easy to understand once you give it enough thought. They're basically ""if ... happens, then ... happens"" examples. However, since the multiple realities occur sequentially, and each of them affects others closely, you will need to read the arcs very closely if you don't want future plot holes."
,Recommended,412830,29100245,Posted: 7 January,all,Dandekku,">see cute girl>main character talks about how beautiful she is>""shes the son of the temple owner"">shes a guy>ohshitwhy.jpggreat gamebut shes a guy"
76561198067810883,Recommended,412830,32894872,Posted: 27 June,all,Pale,El. Psy. Kangaroo.
,Recommended,412830,30208814,Posted: 26 February,all,Grazloth,El Psy Kongroo :Kurisu:
76561198324744438,Recommended,412830,35030725,Posted: 17 September,all,Okarin,But he's a guyEl. Psy. Kongroo.
,Recommended,412830,25429529,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[SRCX] Erdnussknacker,"tl;drYou've never played a Visual Novel before or don't even know what that means? ""All that anime stuff"" seems kinda strange to you? Doesn't matter; This is a perfect introduction to the genre, even for absolute newcomers. But be aware that Steins;Gate has been credited as the most tear-inducing game ever for a reason. If you're prepared for that and are interested in time travel (who isn't?) and physics in general, this is the game for you. Seriously, play it.Story & CharactersThe characters of Steins;Gate are amazing and without a doubt the most endearing ones I've ever witnessed in a game, series or movie. After a fairly slow start for character introduction, you'll find yourself hooked to the fantastic, compelling story and mentally fu*kedwhenever something happens to anyone of the lovable characters. That's just part of the experience.The suspenseful story not only manages to surprise you with amazing twists and make a chill crawl down your spine on more than one occasion - it also includes some comedic scenes which nicely loosen up the stressful parts without making the story seem childish. This makes for a great balance of ""oh my god, I'm gonna kill myself"" and a relieved smile on your face.MusicSimply one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard. Very fitting ambient music and amazing vocals. This is one of the soundtracks you can easily listen to without playing the game, the problem with that is that you instantly get reminded of the game and its saddest moments.Voice Actingtl;dr: The Japanese voice actors are fantastic and deliver a very believable performance.What might be a bit strange to people who have never played a Visual Novel before, like me, is the fact that the game is voiced in Japanese only. Since I've watched the anime in English (the English voice actors are really good, by the way) and don't speak Japanese, this took a bit of getting used to. Of course this is nothing negative, I just think it's a fact worth noting.ConclusionI got moved to tears more than once while watching the anime and the same goes for this amazing Visual Novel. Even months after first discovering Steins;Gate, I can't fu*king stop thinking about it, mainly due to its amazing characters and story. Go ahead and buy this.You'll probably love it.And cry a lot.El. Psy. Kongroo."
,Recommended,412830,25582739,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Xanille Valkalleh,"Excellent Game!The Organization has learned of my attempts to play Steins; Gate and has sent an agent to thwart me at every turn. Utilizing deadly tools the Organization is a truly deadly foe. Equipped with an incredibly terrible Quick Save system that never really seems to work and an auto-delete cannon, you will always be wondering if you're save game is there when you start in to the game. While this tool by itself is incredibly efficient the Organization spares no expense and has also equipped their agent with a MOTHER @#$91&^ FREEZE RAY!! This beast randomly fires all the time when you're least expecting it. Stuck in a perpetual state of having the♥♥♥♥♥♥froze out of you, you will be forced to Alt+F4 out of the game...and OH SNAP SON, They're firing the Auto-delete Cannon! Is my save game there? Is it there? NO, it's not. Time to start over at the beginning again.I've seen the same things over and over again... I can't help but feel like I'm traveling back in time. It gets even creepier when I see everything unfold in the exact same order of events. I have been here before! I cry out for some sort of acceptance from my friends, but they don't remember anything. Truly, I must be going crazy. Yes, it will not be long before the Organization captures me. Forever, are the secrets of Stein's; Gate lost.But I can't stop the cycle. It just keeps repeating itself. Armed with a new tactic of Saving the game every Five seconds, I progress slowly unraveling the secrets of Stein's; Gate.Truly this game recaptures the elements of traveling back in time with epic mastery.You'll neve be so confused, dumbfounded, or angry as you will in this game.Fantastic Story though, if you make it through.10/10 Makise Kurisu-sama's"
,Recommended,412830,26871984,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JakeWebbMedia,Tuturu! 69/69
76561198117427054,Recommended,412830,26954957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WholeWheatPancakes,El. Psy. Kongroo.
,Recommended,412830,31477834,Posted: 30 April,all,EXFalchion,this game made me think about how cool it would be if i could go back in time and tell my mom to not give birth to me
76561198104225257,Recommended,412830,25638217,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,th009,The best time traveling sci-fi story ever!
76561198169770041,Recommended,412830,25523904,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Sine,"El. Psy. Congroo.This is the choice of Steins;Gate.I thought I've bought this game in each timeline.Maybe the player is controlling my action to buy this game.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~At first I watch the Stein;Gate Anime, the know about the game co. 5pb.5pb is an interesting group, made several  science-fiction game.I wonder if 5pb would take other games such as Chaos;Head to Steam."
76561198037995808,Recommended,412830,34967455,Posted: 15 September,all,PlasmaHanDoku,"This is probably my very first VN I have played and ill admit this is a pretty wonderful experience of a game.The main difference I can find comparing this too the Anime version is mostly the detailed content that were not part of the anime (some scenes were pretty dark and twisted) but I enjoyed it abit more than the anime. I have already Completed all 6 routes of this game in 2-3 days but still haven't achieved all my achievments lol.Positves:-Good Art-Good music-30+ hours of story-Comedy moments.-Saving system for replay ability plus a skip feature.-Memorable characters that you might get attached too *cough* #team faris *cough*-6 different endings. Would recommend a playthrough after completing 1 ending. It would contain no spoilers.-Voice acting is very impressive In JP version.-The story is fairly slow, Similar to the anime its like 15 ep but in the VN it seems a little bit better because of how it can keep the reader interested but after reaching that Point of the story, It will hook you in really deep enough that you just want to keep reading some more.Negatives:-Cringy moments that just makes me want to cover my eyes. (happens once in awhile)In conclusion, this game reached my expectations way more than I have anticipated concerning that I even watched the anime version of this game. After playing it for hours it feels like the story would be close to being finished but instead I wasn't even close to being finished. Steins Gate would be a great VN for people who want to start off in this genre, It even  intrigued me of purchasing other VN.I give this game 10/10 of being a heavy story driven game."
76561198119809165,Recommended,412830,34943573,Posted: 13 September,all,StoattheBaw,MUST. SAVE. MAYUSHI!!!!!!
76561198065340914,Recommended,412830,34945575,Posted: 14 September,all,Conrad lord of the penguins,"4,5 hours in, the game has a great ambience."
,Recommended,412830,34973982,Posted: 15 September,all,end my life now,decent
76561198124699932,Recommended,412830,27763929,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Geoffry Hindenburg,The VN version of the greatest anime ever made...
,Recommended,412830,25433357,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,PyroOrange,"Screw you, future me!To rule time is to rule the world. I've only lived 18 years, but I don't want to change any of them. They're all part of my life, even the failures. There are two types of lies: Lies that hurt, and lies that don't hurt. Deceive your other self. Deceive the world. That is what you must do to reach the Steins Gate. Good Luck.I am mad scientist. It's SO COOOOOL!!!El Psy Kongroo."
,Recommended,412830,25644979,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Alsymiや,"Well, this is the first time I bought galgame, or maybe, text-based adventure type of game, or maybe, Japanese style game of time and space concept.算是第一次买gal类，或者文字冒险类，或者日式时空观类游戏吧。Actually I learned some Japanese and I played the Japanese version. And I had known this game by watching the Anime version.实际上我学了些日语然后玩了日文版。游戏是通过アニメ了解到的。I played for about 4.5 hours. This is my conclusion.玩了4.5小时，怎么评价好呢。For first, it does not suit me.首先，它不适合我。It does not suit me while its story paces really slowly and although it sets a very nice and rather logically rigorous theory of time or time line(世界線), (don't bother. I know it is not truth. At least it gives me a feel that this story makes few conflicts.)it still reveals as a galgame. I have to deal with what I dislike about otaku culture, the girls, whoever just wants to impress the main and tyuunibyou(中二病) character.它不适合我，因为故事节奏太慢，即使时间观和世界线理论相对严谨（我知道不是真实，但起码它很少自相矛盾），它仍然只能作为galgame面世。并且因此我必须面对为我所不太齿的御宅文化中的东西---那些女孩子，都想让中二男主印象深刻。And for second, it is a good story, ignoring the girls.第二，如果无视上述女孩子的行为，这算是好游戏。That this kind of game is the visual novel type of thing is and should be understood as the precondition.这类游戏是视觉小说，是也应该是被理解为先决条件的。That this kind of visual novel is unavoidably that girls are always around is and should be understood as the second precondition.这类视觉小说不可避免地女孩围在周围，是也应该是被理解为第二先决条件的。I traveled around and around, trying to save what I love and cherish (Mayuri the girl), I found troubles and I went on, and I finally decided to love with someone that I chose.我一次又一次地探险，尝试拯救我所珍爱（真由理），我遇到障碍并继续前行，并最终选择我爱的人。Based on such line, Okabe the protagonist tells the whole story.基本如上，主角冈部讲完了这个故事。The protagonist himself behaves based on the options of the player, which decides the following story. And this story creates a nice concept on time stuff. The player will find out the truth while playing and alternates by his wish (although not completely). And this story is well fitted with details on some kind of behaviors.主角自身按照玩家意愿决定后续故事，而且这个故事弄了很棒的时空观。玩家将在玩的过程中发现真相并以自己意愿去替换原有时间线之物（虽然不是彻底任意地）。这个故事在细节行为上做得很棒。But thirdly, too many girls.I don't like the feel being chosen as the character and I have girls around as options in my harem. That kind of feel is not bad if you want your pleasure based simply and only on your balls. That kind of feel is bad when you are going to save the world and when you want to save it, you have to date with them. Oh, saving the world while dating with girls? I am out of the story. Like gigguk said, my bones are gone. The only exception when the character jerks and I remain watching seriously is EVA :D (And shut up Shinji).但是我不喜欢被选为主角之后不得不面对貌似是后宫里的女孩。这种感觉单纯意淫一下还不错，但是这感觉混搭在你拯救世界的时候就糟透了。听说我要和女孩子约会来拯救世界？不好意思我出戏了。就像gigguk所说，感觉就像痿了。  除非你想说主角打飞机你还能认真体验剧情。So...Is it a good game? Yes, with 1080p HD video, your experience will be good.Only if you like this kind of game.所以说，它是个好游戏吗？是，有着1080p高清动画，你会有不错的体验。前提是你喜欢这一类型。For me I recommend the anime version. It is good for me to feel less compelled to deal with girls' romantic troubles that is set on a time concept by myself.给我的话我更推荐动画版。不必感觉自己是在时间概念下强面女孩子的感觉对我来说不错。PS：I hate nya-nya and do-do-ru (I don't really know how to type that in kana, because that's not tradional pronounciation for Japanese). If that's how the writer describes a role, I just feel it makes me embarrassed. Mayuri IS A 16 YEAR OLD GIRL!!!另外我超烦nyanya和嘟嘟噜（由于日语里正常是没有嘟音的所以不知道怎么打假名）。如果那是作者的角色塑造，我会觉得很尴尬。真由理16岁了！！！"
,Recommended,412830,25873819,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Spike♠,Worth my 32€ <3
76561198107440517,Recommended,412830,25531421,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,nanotect,A great game and a perfect example of storytelling done right.
76561198216464555,Recommended,412830,25583015,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,starjet1225,The Choice Of STEINS;GATE
,Recommended,412830,34371028,Posted: 20 August,all,KitCatt,It good
,Recommended,412830,28848049,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jøgarja,It has Mayushii -> Tutturu/10
,Recommended,412830,33159011,Posted: 2 July,all,chase.,This has consumed my life in the best possible way.
,Recommended,412830,32956523,Posted: 28 June,all,The Cat Father,nice one!
,Recommended,412830,33253687,Posted: 4 July,all,DemonShadow423,"In my opinion, and also the opinion of many others, Steins;Gate is simply a masterpiece. This novel does everything so well, the story is amazing, and it makes you want to keep reading on and on. The characters are all very great, and they are all well written. When an emotional thing happens in the story, it is actually emotional, instead of trying too hard like many other novels. Soundtrack is also memorable, and very good. Voice acting is pretty great, voices match their characters, and they portray emotion well. This is just overall such an amazing visual novel, and I believe it deserves a 10/10 score."
,Recommended,412830,27178185,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arzi_89,"Loved the anime adaptation and decided to buy the VN when it came to Steam. Probably the best ~30€ I've spent. This is the first version of this visual novel I've read so I can't do any comparison between this and earlier releases. There are a lot of other rewiews that do that so you should go to read them if you're interested in that.Many of you (like I was) are propably thinking: ""Is it worth buying if you've already watched the anime?"". Simple answer: Yes. Why? Let me tell you shortly.Those not interested in comparison between the anime and visual novel can skip the next two paragraphs.While the main storyline is the same the visual novel has a lot more content in it. It gives much more insight in the eight main characters' backgrounds, reasons to their actions and interactions with each other. What the anime especially lacks is the most of Okabe's (main character's) inner monologues. They give so much info about his character and why he acts and behaves like he does.The anime series has only one ending aka ""true ending"" of the VN. Well it would have been very confusing (and silly) if they'd have done all 6 endings in one series. Even when you follow the true ending storyline the story is more detailed and a bit different in a few scenes. I must say that I learned a lot more about the universe of Steins;Gate (and the whole Science Adventure series) when I read this VN. The anime apadtation was great, heck it's #4 top rated anime at MAL. But there's just so much you can fit in 24 episodes.Here's some pros/cons:Pros:- A well written story about time travel, decisions and consequenses, the cause and the effect...- Well explained and beliveable theories about time travel.- 6 different endings depending on your decisions throughout the game.- Interesting characters with lots of character development.- Well made voice-overs with the same voice actors from the anime.- Amazing soundtrack.- Took me ~70 hours to 100% complete this so there's a lot of content.Neutral (why some people may/may not like this):- It's a visual novel. Lots of reading with little interaction.- Starts slowly with lots of science stuff about time travel.- Different art style than the anime series.- Only Japanese voice-overs.Cons:- Not enough トゥットゥルー- Seriously, can't think of any flaws since most of the bugs/translation errors have been fixed.10/10Highly recommended to the fans of the anime series and those who like sci-fi, mystery/thriller and a bit of romance. Worth every €/$/£/yen even at full price.El Psy Kongroo."
,Recommended,412830,27081564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moshi Mosh,Masterpiece
76561198201092021,Recommended,412830,26155768,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Decimo,First visual novel I have played. Loved it. Great story and characters. Play it if you have the chance to!
76561198144240092,Recommended,412830,27365838,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,难,求官中
,Recommended,412830,29559196,Posted: 29 January,all,Vati,How to enjoy Steins;Gate:1. Lie down2. Try not to cry3. Cry a lot
76561197990237525,Recommended,412830,26851482,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skull☠Ghost #Skost,My favorite visual novel.
,Recommended,412830,33081808,Posted: 1 July,all,Archcady,Everything is the choice of Steins Gate ...... El Psy Kongroo......
,Recommended,412830,32736459,Posted: 24 June,all,CrazyDoctor (/•_•*/),Just play it. You won't regret.
76561198005622901,Recommended,412830,25954002,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,zombieknochen,"You have to buy this game - And if you regret the decision, simply send yourself a d-mail!"
,Recommended,412830,27437155,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Imoen,You have to play this.Its the choice of Steins Gate.El Psy Congroo
,Recommended,412830,28004714,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ゴゴゴゴMxxi,A great visual novel with a very engaging story.
,Recommended,412830,25766806,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,tracestar,A lovely game! You will experience time travel as no other as befits one who possesses Reading Steiner. May you make the right choices for the sake of the world!This game will intrigue you from the beginning. You'll want to know the flow and once you thought you know how it will go... it will pull you in and then... then only will the fun starts ^_^I already have a digital copy from JAST USA but had to buy this nonetheless. Worth it! Goodbye social life.El Psy Kongroo!
76561198302675777,Recommended,412830,25422708,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kuliyamasan,It's Steins gate's choice.El Psy Congroo.
,Recommended,412830,35179903,Posted: 24 September,all,Enrick,Good.
,Recommended,412830,34897583,Posted: 12 September,all,Kuon,El Psy Kongroo
76561198020711671,Recommended,412830,26045014,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Zettadigit,"You've probably heard it somewhere, and I'm going to say it too, Steins;Gate is one of the best visual novels ever made.It was the choice of Steins Gate for me to play and enjoy this game.I hope convergence leads you to play and enjoy this game too."
,Recommended,412830,28062415,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chamiie,10/10!
76561198094754418,Recommended,412830,35223458,Posted: 26 September,all,chang_1030nathan,Best story ever
76561198201277745,Recommended,412830,33302776,Posted: 5 July,all,luke_siemens,Awesome game. Definitely a must buy.
,Recommended,412830,35059204,Posted: 18 September,all,Nani?!,El Psy Congroo!
76561198063522281,Recommended,412830,35115660,Posted: 21 September,all,Ravoria,"Plenty else to say that's already been said, so I'll add that watching dorks play anime Calvinball is oddly delightful."
,Recommended,412830,25437527,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Pepe el Pez,I am  Mad scientist.Steam.Chaos! And invade!El psy congroo
,Recommended,412830,25435058,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Pop Culture Reference,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTn_nz1I9_YOkay, serious review.... I played the JAST version to death so ignore my low Steam playtime hours.Positives:1. I personally prefer the game to the anime. Since the game's much longer (around 20 hours versus the anime's 5 hoursish), you get a fuller experience. The game mentions important details about the characters that the anime completely ignores such as the fact that Mayushii and Okarin don't actually live in Akiabara; they commute from a neighboring area. Which is an important detail about the characters since it explains why it was such a big deal when the trains all shut down- Mayushii was completely trapped inside a city trying to kill her. Spoiler alert I guess?If I'd known that when watching the anime for the first time, I would have been able to focus on the fact that the series was climaxing and my two favorite characters were trapped in a nightmarish Groundhogs Day-esque situation instead of wondering ""sooo why don't Okarin and Mayushii just go back to one of their apartments and bunker up for the night?""2. Another thing the game does better is the humor. The game's very self aware, which leads to a lot of meta humor. For instance, after finishing the ""prologue"", the game cuts to a conversation between Okarin and Daru about the nature of their reality and whether they actually exist, or are in fact, just characters in a video game.The difference in mediums also means that the humor can be TOLD differently, my favorite example being when you meet Luka for the first time. I won't explain what happens because of spoilers, but I was rolling on the floor laughing during his introduction.The music is amazing, voice talent is top notch, and the art style is distinct.~~~~~~~~~Negatives:1. THE PORT SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥HOLY COW THIS HAS GOT TO BE ONE OF THE WORST STEAM PORTS I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED. The controls are confusing, buttons are located in weird places, and nothing is intuititave.2. Another thing I dislike is that when you're at a crossroads of choices, it's confusing to know what each choice actually means. Choices are presented to you via a text message conversation (or email or whatever) on your phone. There are some highlighted words that you can click on to move the conversation in that direction. If it sounds confusing, that's because it is. But it's not a terrible downside since most of the decisions you make are fairly inconsequential.3. The game's also a bit pricey for an old visual novel. Although the fact that it's around 20 hours long means you'll only be paying for $1.50ish per hour, which isn't too badt;ldrPlay the game if you liked the anime, it's a much more complete version of the storyPlay the game if you didn't like the anime, it's a much more complete version of the storyPlay the game if you've never even heard of Steins;Gate (also get out from under your rock more), it's an brilliant, heartfelt story about time travel, sorrow, and the unintended consequences of one's actions that will completely suck you intl;dr;tl;drPlay the game.El Psy Kongroo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzfmBNn2u1c"
76561197966105913,Recommended,412830,25442211,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Revixy,"I didn't even need to play very far to know this game was a damn classic.No wonder I bloody absolutely had to watch the anime when I saw the announcement trailer of it waay back then.10/10, ♥♥♥♥ing play this!"
,Recommended,412830,26755454,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lance,so many waifus
,Recommended,412830,25466032,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,"Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johansen","I hate reading books, and such, but i never have any problem playing a visual novel, and this is one of the best visual novels, that i have ever played. Characters are interesting, Plot gets exciting after chapter 4-5, and it makes you want more. I highly recommend buying this masterpiece. If you don't buy this, then you are doing something wrong."
76561198148966981,Recommended,412830,25560881,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,hikiyume,tuturu~
76561198354934931,Recommended,412830,33218837,Posted: 4 July,all,Perdu Sw,really playable :D
76561198125719175,Recommended,412830,30643834,Posted: 20 March,all,renatodepaiva,"Best visual novel i have ever played/read. The story is simply amazing, you can't go wrong with this one. Do yourself a favor and buy this for the full price, it's well worth it."
,Recommended,412830,32864483,Posted: 27 June,all,Knas,"""20av10 Skulle splea igen"" Emil 2k17"
76561198182430998,Recommended,412830,34886696,Posted: 11 September,all,Kevinluck,Just buy it. it was so worth it
76561198238959752,Recommended,412830,34892147,Posted: 11 September,all,This game is fun,"我X, 可以看懂中文了!希望明年新作也依樣加入中文到時候繼續支持"
,Recommended,412830,33219220,Posted: 4 July,all,Fri3ndlyD3ath,10/10 screaming
,Recommended,412830,35006621,Posted: 16 September,all,Kurisu Chan,"Being an insane mad scientist is best, isn't it?"
,Recommended,412830,25423909,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kurisuヽ(*ﾟдﾟ)ノ,El Psy Congroo10/10
,Recommended,412830,25421276,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zeifer,The best and only Visual Novel you should be playing.
,Recommended,412830,25421449,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,owcp101,The Art Is Awesome! I love how the story is! I can't wait to play more of this. Since I watched the anime a while ago. So it's a good feeling to remember these scenes.  But I really love how they put time travel and the choices you make with it causes so much trouble! My gosh! The feels! I would recommend this game to those who started STEIN;GATE. It's really good ^-^bAnd now my first gameplay of the gamehttps://youtu.be/mcd1eu5lq-A
,Recommended,412830,32869088,Posted: 27 June,all,Palkon,El. Psy. Kongroo.
76561198124082387,Recommended,412830,25449308,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,mangagod123,the best time travel game/anime out there loved it. but i havn't finish it yet10/10 - game10/10 - anime
,Recommended,412830,25422670,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Shenpai,"***Will revisit to write a proper review once I'm done fangasming over the fact that it is here on Steam!***Ah Steins Gate... I truly love Steins Gate, for it cannot be contained. Its love burns within a thousands suns and thus this review is here to enlighten you in a very brief way. This goes all the way back to where it was one of the few anime that began my jump out of the mainstream pieces. Ever since then I have scoured the internet for all things Steins Gate. Everything I own has something related to it and I am somewhat of a fanatic.Fast forward 5 years later and I still consider it the #1 in the list of hundreds of all things anime and manga.Now towards the visual novel... I have only ventured onto visual novel territory for about a year now and I can say that this novel upon playing on the mobile counterpart is going to be amazing. The stories are going to extend much to great lengths than to what the anime has portrayed and I am looking forward to revisiting this truly great piece once again! It's time to get engrossed in the world of Steins Gate because you will not be dissapointed by the sheer amount of material that will be given to you.El Psy Congroo..."
,Recommended,412830,32648237,Posted: 22 June,all,BunnyVoid,love the theme
76561198336052638,Recommended,412830,34887264,Posted: 11 September,all,愚行狂狷,有中文啦！！！好评！
76561198008404101,Recommended,412830,33081562,Posted: 1 July,all,despo,But he´s a boy!My boner was confused...
,Recommended,412830,31101309,Posted: 12 April,all,[Gandhi] Anvo,"Many memes and timetravels.If you enjoyed the anime, you'll love the tuturu out of this one."
,Recommended,412830,25451907,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,iCare. Firebird,"This is a non-linear visual novel.So if you liked the anime, this will surely please you, because now you have absolute control of the direction the story is going in."
76561197975584561,Recommended,412830,29649469,Posted: 2 February,all,Yaniv,"This isnt really a game, and it isn't really fun. Clicking rapidly is annoying. This is expensive, and consumes a great amount of time. I ended up watching the True-Ending on youtube, because there was no way I playing the whole thing again just because I sent few ""wrong"" sms, this stuff takes 30+ hours and has no replay value. The game is also completely lacking without the true ending.As for design- I liked the anime much better, since its actually animated, and I dont speak japanese so I liked the dubbed version better.And yet, I can not not recommend this, simply because of the story. I loved the anime and the extra content fit perfectly. In the end, when the credits rolled, I was really sad I had not more annoying cutscenes to click on."
76561198205020577,Recommended,412830,32942079,Posted: 28 June,all,ℒ,favorite anime
76561198083706538,Recommended,412830,27981561,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Downer,Best visual novel...10/10
76561198061827492,Recommended,412830,25470021,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,TheMightyYak,"Only game that lets me browse ♥♥♥♥♥ I've found so far.Also a fantastic VN on its own merits, but I'm in it for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing."
,Recommended,412830,33167637,Posted: 2 July,all,Stalky,"This is an amazing game, I love this work of art!中国語に加入してください！！！"
76561198132360016,Recommended,412830,25432432,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,I>U,a single Trap >>> the whole yuri business
,Recommended,412830,25432964,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,FALprofessional,"Time Travel in a MicrowaveYou are given a choice of what to play on startup:-madscientist.exe-Sonuva♥♥♥♥♥ Simulator-It's so cool.gifI prefer being a mad scientist, but maybe that's just me."
,Recommended,412830,25501283,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Jambatti,"~bit too long~~v.e.r.y slow paced start~~but if you can endure first 4 episodes, you will love it~"
76561198089621910,Recommended,412830,25438153,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,tsukihi,God knows how many times ive completed this VN to 100% on different ports. Oh well guess its time to do it again!I wish i could send a dmail telling me not to play this game ._.DAGA OTOKO DA~
76561198212810501,Recommended,412830,25478426,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Batfleck,Finally I can play this game. It's a visual novel with very intriguing storyline and fun characters. Recommended if you want to enjoy a good story!
76561198038868694,Recommended,412830,32701493,Posted: 23 June,all,Oobarsten,The Anime was awesome.
,Recommended,412830,25443297,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Tenz caserandom.com csgoroll.com,Tuturu ~ *-*
,Recommended,412830,25421480,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Ariel,tutturu~ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sGOTY every single year
,Recommended,412830,25456119,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,solusPotens,"It's me.. yeah.. finally in steam... been a long time, 7 years to be exactly...Don't worry I can't handle..EL PSY CONGROOHey mister. I'm a mad scientist. IT'S SO COOOl.... buy this masterpiece and stop staring at the reviews... sonofa♥♥♥♥♥!No seriously, just some translation errors, nothing to worry about, worth it."
,Recommended,412830,25457946,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PROdalся bitskins.com,10/10
76561198310831179,Not Recommended,412830,35046157,Posted: 18 September,all,retrovirus,Game is a great game I know it and if you're fan of the anime you're going to love it. But I wonder are they ever going to fix problems in the game? I bought and returned the game twice. I couldn't see any text during the game and even though I wrote about it nobody answered or helped. I hope they can fix bugs in the game.
,Recommended,412830,25434705,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,dreamz,i played this since the release date and yes well its steins;gate its good i recommend. makise kurisu is #1 cutie  !!!!!!
,Not Recommended,412830,35005902,Posted: 16 September,all,Ar0xA,"Wont even launch on windows 10. Huge thread with people having issues even trying to start it. Maybe the story is awesome, when it works. I refunded."
,Recommended,412830,25477746,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Akarin~,"It's a great gameBut he's a guy.Actual review:STEINS;GATE is, in my opinion, the single greatest visual novel in existance. The story and writing are both outstanding, the art is beautiful, and the music is absolutely glorious. In the game, you make choices via the phone trigger system, in which you get an email or call from one of the characters and you have to chose what to reply with, if to reply at all, and whether or not to answer a call. This system made the game feel really immersive and added a lot to the overall experiance. STEINS;GATE has one of the best stories I've ever come across in my life. It's very funny in some parts, but makes me cry my eyes out in others. The game did something that not many others can do. It made me care about the characters. Whenever something bad happened to one of them, it made me feel like it happened to a real person that I knew. I'm not going to spoil anything, but there were many parts that I felt that I had to keep playing the game or it would be disrespectful to one of the characters somehow. This game gave me the feels on so many levels and so many times. It's probably more feels than most people feel in a lifetime. The art in the game is absolutely beautiful and fits perfectly with the games story and atmosphere. If the art style were any different, the game would be nowhere as good as it is. The music, openings, endings, and background music alike, was some of the greatest music I've ever heard. The opening for the game sets the tone of mystery and suffering for the rest of the game and fits perfectly with the game as a whole. The music for all of the endings besides the main one was also amazing. It inspired a feeling of sadness yet hope. The music for the main ending was simply outstanding. It tied the whole thing together and sprinkled some feels on top. The background music always fit with the mood of what was currently happening in the game, making it much more immersive and dramatic. It changed just at the right times, and never felt awkward. It always added to whatever was happening, instead of taking away from it. Overall, STEINS;GATE was an amazing game to play and I will play it again soon.This is the choice of Steins Gate.This is the choice of Okabe Rintaro.(feels intensify)11/10( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)rest in memes gelbana( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,412830,25422602,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,AkaiKatana1cc,OMATASE NYAN NYAN!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVPnCrPALAs10/10Buy it!
,Recommended,412830,25477387,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Alex,I am now an expert on 『ＴＩＭＥ　ＴＲＡＶＥＬ』
,Recommended,412830,25476372,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Nephalem,The game just meets its expectation. Truly magnificent!
,Recommended,412830,25470034,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,hirua,"Finally on steam.Not gonna bother reviewing it, just gonna give it a thumbs up.El Psy Kongroo"
,Recommended,412830,25477806,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,✭✭Kayaba ✭✭,"Very nice game, definitely worth the price"
,Recommended,412830,25476567,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Steiner™,El Psy Congroo.Nuff said.
,Recommended,412830,25422015,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Grumbling al,"Haha yeah.(Thank you for reading my review on Steins;Gate, I hope it entices you to purchase this wonderful game.)"
76561198236956292,Recommended,412830,25442074,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,亡霄雨,石头门天下第一简体中文业界良心
76561198030966900,Not Recommended,412830,35234882,Posted: 26 September,all,trkalderson,"Followed all the walkthroughs multiple times, could not reach the ""True Ending"". This game has wasted too much of my time. I don't buy VNs for challenging game play. I buy them for the interesting story lines. This has just wasted too much of my time."
76561198033349694,Not Recommended,412830,33436629,Posted: 10 July,all,malcolm471,"Seriously???I bought this game because of the glowing reviews (I don't think I've ever seen a game on Steam with such a good positive/negative reviews ratio...). And I was gravely disappointed and got a refund.I like visual novels as games, for example I loved Life is Strange. Ok, I knew this game was gonna be different and less interactive, I've played these kind of endless-clicking-after-each-line-of-dialogue-games before. And I've really enjoyed some of them. One mayor problem I had with this game, though, was that after more than one hour of playing, I still didn't get one single choice to make.But even this would have been fine, if the game had a good story and likeable characters. But the story is very weird (and not in a good way ... usually I like weird ... but this was more a you-gotta-be-kidding-me-weird), and the main character is annoying as hell. He's a paranoid and arrogant prick. The second main character in the beginning, Shiina Mayuri, isn't much better: she's a stereotypical naive and frightened young girl. Furthermore all the dialogue doesn't seem natural, but very forced. Maybe I'm too old for this game (born in the eighties), but I really really don't understand all these glowing reviews ... it's completely beyond me.If you like the anime and/or are a teenager, buy it. But if you are an adult and don't know anything about Steins Gate and are just looking for a good visual novel to play, be very careful and at least read some negative reviews about this game, before you spend this much money on this game"
76561198114728676,Not Recommended,412830,33654498,Posted: 19 July,all,glucose,"Boring gameplay: the choice is always ""this timeline is nice enough/I want another try"". There's no depth or long-term impact of your choices, you're picking between a (bad) end in a matter of minutes or staying on the only written path.The writing and graphics are nice. The soundtrack isn't amazing given how many times it will loop. The ""tips"" (glossary) section has no sorting beyond lexicographic, and seems to contain less lore than real life facts. The main menu is keyboard only for no reason."
,Not Recommended,412830,35039060,Posted: 17 September,all,ift,Save yourself some time and just watch the anime.  VNs are so slow.
,Not Recommended,412830,33358707,Posted: 7 July,all,Lt.Col. M'Ress,"Protagonist are disgusting. Tsundere empty and boring. Suzuha was cute, but that's all. Even Fes with her Phantasm songs can't save this game. Storyline are real garbage, so beter go play Chaos;Head."
76561198030377849,Not Recommended,412830,34978423,Posted: 15 September,all,Tomochi,"I've seen the anime of the book and it is one of the best; beyond good. I love visual novels (The wolf among us), time travel is one of my favorite subjects (Life is Strange).Surprises me that this game has not a more cinematographic presentation when there is entire anime serie. It is just static images as background for tons of text barely any interaction. The story is great, but the game is technically very poor and does not deserves the price they are asking for.I love the story, but I cannot enjoy it in this format. I will wach the anime again."
,Not Recommended,412830,33283018,Posted: 5 July,all,Thorak,#imfourteenandthisisdeep
,Not Recommended,412830,34128512,Posted: 9 August,all,kasviel,"Well, if you want zero interactivity, a bland stereotypical cast, and a ridiculous pseudoscientific time travel plot ... go ahead. Waste of time, waste of money. If you want a quality visual novel, pick up Danganronpa. I've never seen such a massively over-hyped game."
76561197994086603,Not Recommended,412830,30937050,Posted: 3 April,all,Bunbury,"All right, I know this goes against what most people think, but let's write a dissenting opinion. Please keep in mind that this is my opinion. I'm as entitled to mine as you are to yours, and both are subjective.I played this game for about 90 minutes before submitting a refund request. Though I generally don't like manga too much, there are exceptions, and here I was tempted by the incredibly good reviews. That was a mistake.The story may very well be excellent. I will never know, because the characters, the main character in particular, are horrible, or behave like children who should really be supervised. Am I supposed to find the 16-year-old who behaves like a 6-year-old with ADHD adorable? Should I like the delusional protagonist who treats her like a pet? I have read several times in the forums that people like me (and there seem to be several, they just don't write reviews) ""don't give the game a chance"", but I won't spend 10 hours fighting my way through a story until the protagonist MAYBE grows on me.The art is good but not gread, the music is mediocre to bad.In the end, if you like mangas, their tropes and their character achetypes, this may be a game/novel for you. If you don't, I recommend very carefully checking the forums and negative reviews before you buy."
76561198078111626,Not Recommended,412830,34891465,Posted: 11 September,all,Ruhl,"Man, I tried to like this game because of the time traveling concept. I bought it because it was on sale and had so many positive reviews. But the plot is sooooo stupid and the characters are either extremely annoying or brain dead. I played it for about 5 hours and maybe it gets a lot better from there, but I'd rather rip out my eyes than play another second of this game"
,Not Recommended,412830,26192435,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,paulcdejean,"Overall a disapointing read. Catgirl was awesome. Protagonist was cool during the beginning of the story, but lost some of his charm in the second half. Tusendere was flat. Childhood friend wasn't annoying, but wasn't particularly charming either. Sidekick wasn't funny enough. Plot was remarkably simplistic for a story based on time travel, and not in a good way. Psuedoscience got boring after a while. The translators failed to rise to the challege of making all the 2channel memes entertaining. I would have prefered more agressive localization. Overall I didn't feel attached to the characters.As for the plot, I kept thinking ""ok now that they've laid the groundwork the plot will start getting interesting"" but it never happened. It's a very umm accessible plot, but that's not what I was looking for.*** SPOILERS ***Some plot points were way too predictable. I guessed that the CRTs were connected to the time travel capabilities pretty early one. Also when Part Time Warrior revealed she was from the future my only reaction was ""we know -.-"" I guessed that Daru was the time travel's father early too, which ruined some of the emotional impact of the reveal. It was pretty frustrating watching him rewind time five or six times to save the childhood friend when I could tell by the second go around that it was useless.Some of the side endings were good, but the true ending was kind of bland. Bad endings would have added a lot to the story and it's disapointing that there weren't any.The morality of time travel and playing god wasn't sufficently explored. I would have loved a confrontation with the council of 200 or what have you, so they could explain from their perspectives why they felt like they were doing the write thing, but that didn't happen disapointingly. I would have also liked for them to travel to the future and see what it's like first hand, but that also didn't happen."
,Not Recommended,412830,34913974,Posted: 12 September,all,Deadnight,"Production value is really low for a game with this price tag.The voice acting is mediocre.  It would be better not to have had any at all.The scenery looks blocky and unfinished.I don't care for the art style on the characters.The game just felt cheap, and it wasn't.  I've played free to play visual novels with more polish than this."
,Not Recommended,412830,29312512,Posted: 17 January,all,bot #193 (OpenAI),"The anime wasn't anything special. The game itself doesn't hold much promise, when you pretty much know the whole idea and the setting already. Buy this VN if you liked the anime, otherwise, I wouldn't recommend getting it; as well because it's easier getting into the anime first than into this VN. So you will understand this VN much clearer after watching the anime. But if you want some kind of exotic VN experience that might or might not work, go for it."
76561198036033764,Not Recommended,412830,34244306,Posted: 14 August,all,justin.autz,"Bought this game because of the reviews about how good the story is. I've never watched any anime before besides Pokemon and all I gotta say is that this game is straight up trash. How can you call this a masterpiece? The main character has serious mental issues. And not the good kind like the Joker or American Psycho, but like straight up creepy weird. Like half the time he's talking I'm wondering, is this guy for real? Did he just say that? And then there's this 16 year old girl who acts like she's 8. Seriously. I don't know any 16 year old girls who obsess over little toys and talks like she can't string a serious sentence together. Then they introduce this fat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who is monotone as all hell. And they invented this silly little kids club where everything is make believe. Then they start talking to me through the computer screen like they're some kind of mentally disabled clique. I just can't. Is any of this supposed to be somewhat serious? Or am I basically watching a kids show?"
76561198056106029,Not Recommended,412830,28169747,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,tsunami0ne,"Nothing happens in this game. The main character is annoying as hell and all the other characters are stupid and cater to otaku. For some reason I've been having issues with saving and loading games, but luckily the game lets you skip text very quickly so it's easy to get back to where you were.Better off playing a VN that's more exciting like Danganronpa."
76561197961566870,Not Recommended,412830,28992985,Posted: 3 January,all,Zakharov,"This is not a game, it's an anime where you have to click after every line of dialog.  My clicking finger hurts.  Stein's Gate is supposed to be great so I bought the series on iTunes, and the first 20 minutes of the ""game"" are covered in about 15 seconds of the anime.  Given the price it's a no-brainer to just buy the series."
76561198127067826,Not Recommended,412830,34727199,Posted: 3 September,all,M3gaDanX,"Don't.The time traveling concept is cool, but all of the characters are lame. You will hate everyone.Kurisu is ok.Just watch the anime. Save yourself the money and time. Please."
76561198043671810,Not Recommended,412830,30941028,Posted: 4 April,all,rexamill226,"This will be the most expensive comic book you will ever buy.  This is not a game at all.  It is a story told.  You click on the page to get the next line of dialogue, or see the next screen.  No freedom of movement, you just follow the story.  Nothing to do.  No challenges.  Very little movement of images; just static pictures.  No wonder the system requirements are so low.  I requested my money back."
76561198091000727,Not Recommended,412830,28816085,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,windst,waste of time
76561198010831454,Not Recommended,412830,32357816,Posted: 11 June,all,Kelrin,"I am not really sure why this is considered a game. At best, this is like those books that I used to read where I would need to make a choice, then flip to the page it told me to flip to. Those books would cost no more than, what $10 today? What a waste of money. This game was nothing more than static text and static pictures. As much as I love anime and Steins Gate, this is not at all what I was expecting. This is not a game. It is a graphic novel in digital form."
76561198055703591,Recommended,412830,29565790,Posted: 29 January,all,Crispy Duck,"Overall great game will appeal to anyone  who likes the VN'sPros:Well written charactersFantastic writing, the comedy elements and drama elements compliment each other wellMultiple endings each feeling like a conclusion in their own rightCons:To unlock the true ending essentially requires a walkthrough since the choices you need to make with your phone are complete guesses. (But i would advise playing without a walkthrough on your first run)"
76561198114498846,Recommended,412830,27042056,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrVeryNoob,"Bought this cause I loved the anime and wanted to know more about the characters. For those like me who bought this or are going to buy it, you'll love it. Though the only downside is that the controls are not given, you'll need to look it up, but if you have played a visual novel on PC before, you should be fine."
,Recommended,412830,27238135,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,maquinador,"Really good vn , on my opnion one of the best on  steam"
76561198007404195,Recommended,412830,26624064,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hashbeth,"Incredible, emotional roller coaster ride.If you're unsure, just get it. It's amazing.But be careful with quicksaves. They sometimes don't hold over after you leave. Regular saves are fine, though."
76561198022364931,Recommended,412830,25864549,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,comandercom,Steins Gate 8/10I really enjoyed this visual novel. It has a very deep and engaging plot with interesting multidemenisional characters.The only Take away I have from this game is that to see all the endings requires you to play the game through twice and you will almost certainly need to consult a guide.Please note this is a visual novel so mostly reading (english dubs soon hopefully) not much interactivity (not that this really takes away from it) just know that before you buy.
76561198028414419,Recommended,412830,26736753,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,danielrpa,"Good story, a bit too much chit chat but you could say it helps the mood. Highly recommended."
76561198279686753,Recommended,412830,25942991,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,this is a pen,"just got true end and what should i say about this game...ton of emotion well up inside me and I really wish to see more interacting of okabe and kurisu""Kurisu Best Waifu!!"": someone shouted""no!! Noire is the Best Waifu"" :other person yelled backThus the waifu war begins, while they both voiced by the same person"
,Recommended,412830,26855851,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ryuso Ken,Way past the duration of the TV anime and only about 1/4th of the way through the story. 10/10 It's pretty good.
76561198121894308,Recommended,412830,26988691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,enigmaticIconoclast,"This is an amazing story. If you have watched the Anime this is just as strong of an experience maybe even stronger. I won't give away too much, but the characters are loveable, Kurisu is the best wifeu, and your feels will need a while to recover from the torture dungeon that is the plot twist."
,Recommended,412830,26990686,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shin 真 Caragenan,+Probably the best story in a game I've experience in recent years.+The art is beautiful.+The music is engaging.+The characters are really interesting and are a bit different from the usual anime stereotypes.+A good portion of the game has japanese voice overs and really makes the game feel alive.-There is very little in terms of gameplay as most of it involves taking a decision once in a while.-In some rare situations the story can be somewhat predictable-A bit pricyThe bad points are very minor and the good point outweigh the bad ones by far. The writing is well done. You will get attached to the characters and story and thats the selling point. Get it!
,Recommended,412830,26825859,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bron,"Probably the best translated visual novel available, until muv luv alternative comes out. If you've ever wondered what visual novels are about, this is by far the best place place to start."
,Recommended,412830,27062870,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aura,This is the heartwrenching tale of one man's desperate struggle against the products of his own hubris and naïvety as he comes to rely upon those he unwittingly consigned to abject suffering.
,Recommended,412830,26891614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kasuya,"This alone would have been enough to make life worth living. I genuinely mean that. I generally despise anime and the melodramatic nonsense of modern Japanese storytelling, but gave this a chance on a whim after seeing it recommended somewhere. It surprised me like nothing else I can remember. The feeling I get looking back on this experience is strange and difficult to express, but it is one with which I could walk through the gates of Hell smiling. Thank you to the developers, I don't know what more to say."
,Recommended,412830,26850916,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gufis,One of the best plots I've ever seen! I can't wait to play its sequel!
,Recommended,412830,26854097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lelo.Senpai,I loved the anime. I love the visual novel. Gonna read and love the manga. Epic characters. Epic story. Epic music. Epic everything x) i'm a steiny for life
,Recommended,412830,26928379,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sorcrane,"Absolutely gorgeous experience art-wise, music-wise, story-wise, everything-wise. I'll note that it includes quite a lot of footnotes for references not necessarily carried over into Western culture, which is really helpful.10/10."
,Recommended,412830,26720484,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,WhiteFrame01,"I've watched the anime and it is really good, when I bought this I thought that it was going to be really awesome and it is... I don't even have the 5% of the history but all the sh!t about time travel is really good. Animations and the details are really good, that maybe explain the high requisites that the novel requires.This thing is really good, 10/10 for me"
,Recommended,412830,26797767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,13xforever,"This is one of the best VNs that I've ever read. Fresh, lively plot. Memorable characters. Lots of paths.Steam version features updated translation and hi-res art.My only gripe is the font change, especially for the phone.If you like sci-fi, time travel or simply fun stories with serious connotations, get this game."
76561198029077089,Recommended,412830,26800930,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Erti,"Patch it with the Committee of Zero update in order to have proper dialogue style and art, and enjoy one of the best experiences Japanese Visual Novel has to offer."
,Recommended,412830,26114836,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Rebuild of Yang,"A touching, cathartic visual novel with a fantastic plot, charming characters, and a limited, but delightful OST. It's not without flaws, (it's a bit slow to start, there's one or two plotholes, and the main character can be off-putting, at first) but it's one of the more cohesive time travel stories I've read and I never wanted to put it down. Eagerly looking forward to Steins;Gate 0."
,Recommended,412830,26166378,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,arudo,"Unique art style, compelling sci-fi story, likable characters, AWESOME music.I feel like the port has been terrible though. UI/translation is one thing, but there has been complaints of people getting completely stuck at some point in the game. I've purchased this game a month ago, but I still can't even launch it yet! MagesEN did release a patch a short while ago, so hopefully things will get better soon."
76561198107902942,Recommended,412830,27888612,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Snbrd64,"A beautifully mesmerizing experience, unlike anything other I've experienced so far.Entertaining and thought-provoking to equal parts, this Visual Novel searches it's equals even outside of the game industry.Story: 10/10 - Well crafted, intriguing and pensive story. Complex characters and overwhelming character development.Graphics: 10/10 - Beautiful artworks, which makes you stop reading the story just to contemplate the drawings.Sound: 9/10 - Memorable intro/outro songs. Soothing and pumping background music which harmonize very well with the presented situations. Very solid voice acting.Gameplay: 8/10 - The phone interacting system feels very natural an works better than most other choice systems I've seen in VNs."
76561198184092709,Recommended,412830,28077309,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Myrisakura ★,"Really great game! It's a great continuation of the anime with so much more things about it.I already loved the anime based on this game, so, when I got know that the game got released on Steam, I was so happy.I really reccomend this game if you like Time travel things, science, have a lot of feels and enjoy a beautifully well-made game."
76561198159410576,Recommended,412830,27388362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Don Alchion,"I can't stop listening to Over the Sky, it's been how many hours now..."
,Recommended,412830,27769574,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kaaaaaarp,"Even if you have watched the anime this game is worth. The story is the same as the one from the anime, but there's different endings and way more detaisl.10/10 would Tuturu again"
,Recommended,412830,27805365,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CHUCK,"anime stuff,if you like the anime than this game is a must for you.a bit boring at first but u'll get the excitement eventually8/10"
76561197976412382,Recommended,412830,28031984,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lunadelsol,"I've played through the first ending, because I didn't know this pin figure after a text means youcan choose to do something with your phone.Anyway, great game. Gonna play through the other endings now.... El Psy Kangaroo"
76561198074662465,Recommended,412830,27758820,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,A Phantom Dreams,"If you loved the anime then you think of to buy this game or not, then i'd say buy it. the amount of details that the anime doesn't give this game has it and there's a matter of differet ending route this game offers so the one you see on the anime is only one of many possible ending from this VN have to offer."
,Recommended,412830,27759820,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zee,This is a good game. Please see other reviews for more information.
76561198116209834,Recommended,412830,27464373,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tencent Pen.guin,"Steins;Gate is a great Visual Novel even if you watched the Anime.Every character is endearing,It's funny,sad and hits your heart and crushes it afterwards,cures it just to crush it again - in a time loop.soundtrack is superb and also the Story,it has multiple endings and collectibles for decisions that you make during the game.For me personally it has a great replayability and its worth the money."
76561198018600214,Recommended,412830,27581246,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,avianchaos,"Great story, amazing characters. Unless you really hate VNs for some reason, you should play this."
76561198072638372,Recommended,412830,33437645,Posted: 10 July,all,TheLuckyGenius,"10/10 game. One of if not THE best VN available on steam and one of the best VN's of all time. Any fan of the steins gate anime owes it to themselves to play this.  The game gives a complete overview of the story along with several seperate endings aswell as the ""main"" cannon ending of which the anime is an adaptation.The game totaled around 40 hours for me at a 100% completion so isnt the longest of stories however this can also depend on how many playthroughs of the game you have along with your reading speed (I would say i'm a fairy fast reader) but even at a modest 40 hours the plot itself more than makes up for this.Overall a masterpiece of a game and I am very happy to finally be able to enjoy this version on steam. For fans of Steins gate and VN's in general this should be considered a MUST BUY.  I feel i must also add that Steins gate is a great starting point for those that wish to get into the VN genre as is not overly large and has a very good cast of characters along with a great plot and fantastic OST."
76561198117597630,Recommended,412830,33400252,Posted: 9 July,all,Bitch please.,"Time travel except it almost makes sense (it's impossible to make a time travel story without some minor plot-holes, so who cares). It starts very slowly, but after chapter 5 things get really interesting. Be sure to make several saves whenever there is a choice to be made (like phone calls or D-mails) or just follow a guide for that. Now, to the spoiler stuff...It's actually a game about choosing which girl you like most: You could live with your best friend's future daughter in the 70s after going through the plot of Groundhog Day and contemplating♥♥♥♥♥♥and murder (like a real a--hole), you could let your childhood friend die and leave your disciple (who used to be a boy, but then you changed the past so he would become a girl) pregnant (like a real a--hole), you could save everyone, but change the past so drastically that none of your friends, except the cat maid, who happens to be your girlfriend in this timeline, know you (actual true ending by my head canon) you could sacrifice your assistant to live happily ever after with your childhood friend (at least she accepted her fate), you could do the same but not live happily ever after with your childhood friend (as I said, Christina accepted her fate) or you could start crafting a plan that would be carried out by many, many versions of yourself so that you can save your tsundere assistant who doesn't remember the time you spent together (true ending by real canon). I wish there was an ending where you just remain in the beta wordline, but without getting Lukako pregnant, 'cause no one's that big of an a--hole, right?"
,Recommended,412830,33406612,Posted: 9 July,all,LunaKnight65,"I got this game when it was first released in english (before it was on steam) and I have to say, it's really nice having it stored with all my other games on steam. This game is great and I'm gonna enjoy playing through it again. :P"
,Recommended,412830,33483487,Posted: 12 July,all,GOZEELA_BiS,I played it on ps3 already but I had to buy it again on steam bc I just love this game too much.Best VN I've ever played.
,Recommended,412830,33441163,Posted: 10 July,all,Meh.,El Psy Kongroo...
76561198354344540,Recommended,412830,33181524,Posted: 3 July,all,Violett,5pb thanks a looooooooot for the simplified Chinese edition!!!!
76561198149029040,Recommended,412830,27487445,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DerGurkenhändler,10/10. wanted to rewatch the anime but decided to play this vn instead. it truly was the coice of steins gate - el psy kongroo
,Recommended,412830,32731465,Posted: 24 June,all,UFO_boxing,"Steins;Gate is a visual novel that was later adapted into an anime.Here you play as Okabe, an insane mad scientist, whose main objective is to create a time machine.Surely most people have already watched the anime before getting here, so, is it worth it?Hell yeah it is!Here you can explore extra time-lines, with different endings and see more details than the anime shown us and you can support the developers who invented this awesome story!"
76561198105965592,Recommended,412830,32787218,Posted: 25 June,all,KurisuTina,The Great game!!! I adore story of Stein's Gate. But I need rus sub
,Recommended,412830,29590308,Posted: 30 January,all,^2vittu^3saatana,Вместо тысячи словhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=851991203
,Recommended,412830,29067894,Posted: 6 January,all,Take,THIS IS STEINS;GATE' CHOICEEL PSY CONGROO1.048596β
,Recommended,412830,29029478,Posted: 5 January,all,しんりん,It really is perfect
76561198010583194,Recommended,412830,29058632,Posted: 6 January,all,TheOnlyLate1,"Among all the virtual novels I have played by far Steins;Gate has the most compelling story and characters. The plot centered around the many theories and possible realities of time travel is very well thought out and really brings out the best of all the other aspects of the game.I'm not a fan of anime or big on my knowledge of japanese culture but this game does very well to accomodate any kind of player with its willingness to invest you in its interwovern world of facts and fiction which it does brilliantly I might add. The depth of the plot and characters belies it's cutesy art style and early game shenanigans as the development of both over its 30-40 hour length is quite staggering. It can quickly go from an experience akin to Malorie Blackmans novels to scenes that would make even Steven King shiver. (If you don't know these authors, go read a book idiot!)Truly, the writing is first class to be able to convey so much raw emotion in its high and low points and the music alongside this really did make the climatic moments even more hard hitting. Seriously, with the amount of low quality mindless rubbish that comes out of hollywood these days this VN deserves a movie adaptation and it would easily blow away the likes of Inception or Interstellar in it's complexity, application of time travel theory and actually having a decent cast of characters. (JK, Americans would just replace the meaningful humor with shouting and cast Jonah Hill (ugh) as Daru.)Getting back on topic, you owe it to yourself to play this game/read this novel. Guaranteed emotional destruction and the embracement of Nihilism which will set you up perfectly for Steins;Gate 0.10/10"
76561198005547564,Recommended,412830,29155413,Posted: 9 January,all,Sick,"This story is awesome if you like anime and visual novels, it is a no brainer. Super well written."
,Recommended,412830,25971318,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sputnik,"Even though I already own this game, I bought it again ?(Takes out phone)Yeah it´s me. This is bad the organisation is trying to brainwash me.The whole operation is in danger.How could this even happen ? What ?!?Your are telling me this is also the choice of Steins;Gate ?!?Ok. I get it, i will find a way. Dont worry.After all this is also the choice of Steins;Gate.El Psy Kongroo."
76561198032830185,Recommended,412830,29260823,Posted: 14 January,all,Jase,"This is a very powerful visual novel with engaging characters facing genuine moral, ethical and personal issues with time travel. While this isn't a game in the strictest sense, since there is no gameplay or failure states, it does completely embody the best elements of the visual novel genre as a mutlimedia platform to tell engaging and gut wretching narratives with visual effects and a soundtrack that matches perfectly with the mood of any given scene.Great value for 30 dollars, practically a steal for anything less. I fully recoment that you buy this visual novel if you are at all interested in science fiction stories with time travel."
76561198067727316,Recommended,412830,29185357,Posted: 11 January,all,[SFW]SoldierOfEdenia,"Story: 10/10Amazing story. It's slow at the beginning but as it develops, you're gonna want more and by the time you get to the last chapter the only part of your seat you're gonna use is the edge. Of course, your choices will determine how your story and ending goes. My story gave me laughter, goosebumps, tears and shocks. Without giving too much away, I'll just sum up mine in three words: Friendship. Sacrifice. Unknown.Visual: 9/10I'm not an arts guy but I really like how the characters and settings look.Sound Effects & Music: 9/10Nothing spectacular about the sound effects. Just what you'd expect from a VN. Relaxing, fun, suspenseful or sad music fit the situations really well.Voice Acting: 10/10Same voice actors as the anime. Love it. Really brings me back.Overall Score: 9.5/10Having watched the 2011 anime in its entirety (and loving it so much), this was a ""shut up and take my money"" purchase for me. Thought of reliving the moments (time travel pun intended) but while I was so engrossed in reading it, I forgot that this VN offers alternate endings.Long story short, as I edged closer towards the expected ending, what I received instead was a completely different, dark, twisted ending which cuts off on a cliffhanger!! Just finished it today and OMFG my mind is so ♥♥♥♥ed right now!! *pulls own hair*"
76561198025034914,Recommended,412830,29371327,Posted: 20 January,all,adamk77,Simply fantastic.
,Recommended,412830,29386784,Posted: 20 January,all,keep it mello,"kagaku series.. mad scientist.. time travel.. to save his lab members.. evil organization.. paranoia.. lone observer.. from the past to save the future, from the future to save the past..i watched the anime 4 times already. scared of getting bored i bought the VN.i'm surprised.. really.. never in my mind VN is very detailed.for example, remember when Okabe go to alpha sekaisen,when the people are missing from the streets, it's because the ""satellite"" was crashed, thus the central road was blocked and people were nowhere to be found.another thing is that how the microwave can turn backwards. the mechanism is simple, from #120 to 120# to turn backwards.and many more, such as what is hund's rules. (NOT FICTIONAL)At all cost, if you really like discovery, and seek inspiration, motivation, and people who is like you, this is just the best.el psy kongroo"
76561197994418512,Recommended,412830,29739606,Posted: 6 February,all,Saintly Pants,"It's a tried and true way for a story to get under your skin: Make you hang out with a bunch of characters for a long time in a seemingly mundane setting until you know all of them trough and trough. Then, suddenly, utterly crush everyone's hopes and dreams in the most cruel and ironic ways you can imagine. There is a very good reason why Steins;Gate is such a slow starter..."
,Recommended,412830,27798838,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Australian Alien,"10/10 Nominated for the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award."
76561197995479709,Recommended,412830,34888899,Posted: 11 September,all,Anybody owns Wii U?,This game is awesome!!! If you like good sci-fi and time-traveling - this game is a MUST buy!PS. I have finished it on PSVita (first ever platinum achievement for me). That's why my Steam playtime is so small.
,Recommended,412830,34900505,Posted: 12 September,all,Legion-3D,"Great VN with loads of content, and several endings for plenty of replayability. Anime adaptation is great as well. 10/10El Psy Congroo."
,Recommended,412830,34908308,Posted: 12 September,all,*^SaoSin^*,"Whole charm of Steins Gate which invaded hearts of many people lies within story. It is supposed to be experimented and discovered with every choice and possibility, branched decisions made only through your in-game phone. It's not something that you can present in anime adaption fully.The only thingComing as unknownIs our futureKyouma our insane hero is so good, very likeable complex chuunibyou personality. Kurisu is also excellent girl creation, slowly ranking up. All characters are memorable.  When it comes down to conversations they lure you into their fictional world, Akihabara city is believable with real problems. Science terms are explained in glossary. Anyway there is a lot to explore and laugh during scenes, voiced top tier with feelings. Presented time travel animations, graphics and backgrounds with changing daylight, are fantastic.Our failuresDeterminateWho we areS;G has many great moments, and secrets. I like how they compromised thrilling sci-fi and slice of life style. Soundtrack fitted into urban and dystopian mood. This game gave me outstanding impression. Now I guess I should end the anime which I've left long time ago unfinished. It must have been a choice of Steins Gate.PS: Microwaves will never look the same for me. El Psy Kangaroo."
,Recommended,412830,34893408,Posted: 11 September,all,kantuno,"Absolutely amazing visual novel, arguable the best one I've played yet."
76561197985734129,Recommended,412830,33485292,Posted: 12 July,all,Dark IP,"Whoever saw the anime does know the general story.Nevertheless, it's worth to play the game to see all available routes which are really thrilling.Also, goosebumps."
76561197969148485,Recommended,412830,33622112,Posted: 17 July,all,Dragon,"I own 300+ games, and this really the only ""game"" I've ever played over and over again to get 100% of the achievements.  But I didn't do it solely because I wanted 100%... rather I wanted to see all the different parts of the story because it was just that good.  If you are on the fence and enjoy anime and/or graphic novels, this is really a no-brainer.  Even if you aren't,  the choose-your-own-adventure style story towards the end will keep you enterained for many hours.  I wish they had the other games on PC, I would buy them in a heartbeat."
76561198119172531,Recommended,412830,33919468,Posted: 30 July,all,FadedFragments,"Currently still playing as I write this review, and I noticed that its currently 7/30, a Sunday right now in reality, and I realized that the date displayed right now on the current chapter/page that I am on is 7/31, a Saturday...Did I go back in time or someting already, or is it simply a coincedence? Weird....but as for this VN I have to say that starting out it was kind of boring, but as I advance to chapter 2 thats when things got quite interesting, and its drawing my attention more, and getting me to stay longer then I normally would stay. This VN is totally brand new to me. I've never heard of it before, nor was I aware of the anime itself. However, it has fantastic voice acting, great artwork, and pretty accurate translations, so far.."
,Recommended,412830,33887886,Posted: 29 July,all,WalGallen,"The best visual novel and time-travel game ever, only rivaled by its sequel"
,Recommended,412830,34166059,Posted: 11 August,all,Sysmek,"10/10, why you ask? Well to start it off STEINS;GATE handles time travel the best out of anything ive ever watched or read by far. It's not confusing (when you finish it), it's somewhat realistic, and they never go outside the laws that they set forth for their version of time travel, meaning that characters not only face consequences but also have sad story lines in their own respective timelines, which due to the choices you are given in the VN through Okarin's phone, you are able to dictate by going through the characters own routes. Which is nice though I feel like the Kurisu route was unnecessary due toit only being half of the True Ending.The true ending warming and tied up all the lose ends, however there is one question as to what will happen withKurisu and Okarin, though this is fixed due to the 30 minute OVA and 1 1/2 HR movie that take place after the True Ending of STEINS;GATE, which are canon. There were moments when STEINS;GATE did make me tear up a bit like some of the scenes with Suzuha, (those who read STEINS;GATE know what im talking about). I felt as though the VN handled everything better than the Anime though with the way they immerse you and the more indepth explanations, and with the tips, and they also fleged out the characters more to make them truly feel like living breathing people. Even though they aren't real. The characters in STEINS;GATE are also very enjoyable, all have their own motives and ideals, and all have a lot of personality, which only adds to the overall enjoyment of this VN. The plot twists are great and the story is an amazing thriller that always keeps you wondering if Okarin will fix everything or if he'll fail/give up. It's not the best i've ever read but thats soely due to personal preference. If you are a fan of SCI-FI or an otaku then you will feel just at home with either these characters or the overall game itself."
,Recommended,412830,35059231,Posted: 18 September,all,Foxccon-,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,412830,35038968,Posted: 17 September,all,Arska,"I saw the anime years ago and liked it, saw this game on sale, bought it, finished it in a week & loved it.Had a few sensible chuckles, some sad moments, and overall a very enjoyable time with this VN.5/6 endings and >75% completion blind, but had to check a guide to get to the True End.Play blind once or twice (skip mode only skims through things you've already read), andSave the guides, cheevos and True End for last, if possible.16€ well spent, 10 tutturu~ out of 10 Mayushiidesu."
,Recommended,412830,35033835,Posted: 17 September,all,Dirk,"Just keep with it till [sopiler] the time machine is done [/spoiler]. It's worth it, I swear!"
,Recommended,412830,35037119,Posted: 17 September,all,BrownBallSack,"A bit slow to build up the characters. But when the story takes off, it's a wild ride. Can get pretty sad. Excellent story, gameplay is mostly reading and from time to time using a cellphone."
,Recommended,412830,35281162,Posted: 28 September,all,TinyPower,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game still updates... Wow...
,Recommended,412830,35283604,Posted: 28 September,all,lopkear,Good stuff
,Recommended,412830,35357264,Posted: 30 September,all,John Titor,Best Sci-Fi Adv ever made!
,Recommended,412830,35464363,Posted: 3 October,all,mike,"It may go awhile without advancing the story at certain points, but I just finished chapter 1, and no matter what else happens, I'm happy with my purchase. Memorable characters. Also I'm a sucker for time travel stories."
