user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,413150,32334698,Posted: 10 June,all,Mad,"**NOTE: This review will constantly update to accomadate any new changes in my opinion, updates, etc.**INTRODUCTIONStardew Valley.I've heard a lot of things about this game. A lot of extremelypositivethings.And I was doubtful. Was Stardew Valleyreallythat good? I was afraid that people were just giving it attention because they didn't actually know what a good game was. And as insulting as it may sound, in my defense, uhhm....Before buying the game I hadn't really seen what it looked like, or knew what it was about. I just knew that it was published by the same company, Chucklefish, that had developed Starbound. I had loved Starbound.. So I was playing completely spoiler free. Haven't watched any videos, no tips & tricks, just the information of a billion recommended reviews stuffed into my head.So I bought Stardew Valley, and had pretty high expectations. If a game received THAT much popularity, it should be seriously good, right?WHAT STARDEW VALLEY ISPlop. Into the world of Stardew Valley.You completely start from the bottom, trailing after a tragedy and responsibility that's struck. A farm, barely any money, and the mystery of a town left in your hands. Whew. That's really a lot when you think about it.Boy, did I NOT know what I was getting myself into.At first,  it was kind of boring. And any new game you buy will always be like that. The beginning's all new and immersive, and the middle... kind of leaves you stuck. And that's one of the most challenging parts for a lot of people: getting through that middle. When you begin, you spot all the challenges you'll face, which is daunting, because you can instantly tell: you're going to have to freaking work hard to be a master at this game.The thing with Stardew Valley, It's all about exploration and management. Discovering and figuring out secrets and a beautiful story was amazing. Creative mechanics and powerful creativity had combined to produce a fabulous well-formed game that leaves a sweet taste in your mouth, and I'm going to tell you right now... it's totally addicting.I bought the game a few days ago, and literally have played it all day since. I've NEVER done that with a game before. I found myself as a kid in a candy shop, gaping at all the different flavors, and being able to savor them all. And now, in Year 3 of the game.. I still have a lot more to discover. The creator, ConcernedApe, was brilliant when coding this game. He created all the aspects of Stardew Valley, and it took him ONLY four years. How? I've seen games that took ten years to develop... and they still had less than Stardew Valley. (Thank you, commenters!)PLAYINGCompared to others, I've only played around 80 hours of the game thus far. Buy Stardew Valley. You really won't regret it. This game is beautiful. The music is whimsically lifting, and the soundtrack is wonderful. It's a work of art. You will find yourself falling in love with the characters, and the daily routine of being a farmer who restores the life around people, and who changes everyone for the better.Let me tell you this right now: the game rewards for the hard-working.And you might be thinking: ""what in the world do I mean by that?""I literally mean what I say. Stardew Valley is a game where you really have to manage things, yet, it allows you to explore the whole art of it. Work hard as you play the game, and there are sweet rewards. And I'm talking about rewards sweeter than all the candy in that candy shop.Here's the thing: you can take two routes with Stardew Valley. You can either take the money route and become rich and miss half the game, or you can immerse yourself in exploring the town and what the game has to offer, but with also missing the point that Stardew is a management farming game.Or, you can successfully find the balance between both. But how?Stardew Valley allows you to store multiple accounts, which is fantastic. I recommend exploring with your first account, and learning the ropes. You seriously won't know anything yet, and will be like ""OMFG"" when you figure out there's a way that makes things one hundred times easier. After that, create a second account, and start figuring out farm management and what the game has to offer. I thought I was pretty boss with the second account, but I realized I could get a whole lot more with a third account since I now knew shortcuts and everything. So I created a third account, and successfully balanced management and exploration. Now I'm left in a spot where I can successfully thrive, and only continue to grow.THE PROS- Enchanting music that sings as you play- A simple yet fun art design that you can't help but fall in love with- Characters whom capture your heart- A shambled town that begins to thrive- Hidden secrets that you can't help but want to keep discovering- Amazing challenges that leave you wanting more- The awe of wandering through an amazingly formed game- Brilliant originality, which is incredibly difficult to find- A storyline that changes your perspective beautifully- Lots of fun, and I meanlots.- Mods created by the community to make your game more fun and immersive- however, I play without mods.THE CONS- As I said, the game rewards you for hard work. But only for hard work. It can be a grueling process, but it is extremely profitable. Those who don't like putting effort into a game won't enjoy Stardew Valley as much as other games.- Time. Stardew Valley takes a lot of time to play through. It's a game you thoroughly have to enjoy and adventure out on.- Repetitive. The game can be grueling. To reach certain goals you have to go through processes that you will SERIOUSLY hate. But, in the end, it's definitely worth the labor.PLACES TO IMPROVE**NOTE: Some of these ""improvements"" may have spoilers, however, none of them reveal any actual information about the game and what happens, as it is common knowledge and will really not spoil anything. This category talks about bugs and things that need to be fixed. So if you haven't bought Stardew Valley, it's not too concerning, but you may read it if you wish.- According to MasterBlade's review, there was a crash that deleted all his/her's progress of 61 hours. I haven't come across this problem, yet.- In the Egg Festival during the Egg Hunt, there is an egg in the right corner of a bush next to Mayor Lewis' house. When you try to click on the egg, Jas' dialogue pops up, even though she has already walked off-screen. I find this annoying, as the triggered text prevents you from moving, and thus, lose the Egg Hunt. (I lost once because of that. Not a big deal, but it may be for new players.)- In the Egg Festival there is also an out-of-bounds glitch. If you go to the top area (where you would walk to the Community Center) and walk up to the very top barrier (to where you can't walk forward anymore). Then, go left, and you're out-of-bounds!WHY IT'S JUST STELLARStardew Valley offers a lot of things, and has changed the lives of many people. Perhaps in peace, wonder, open-mindedness, the game gives a lot. But I have one thing that's been bothering me for a long time... How in the damn world did one single person spit out a freaking awesome game?Even though it's a farming game, which is commonly found everywhere, it's original with its own spins. It's extremely difficult to find a game that has such a captivating message that's been developed so well. Stardew Valley is a lot of fun and awe, and it really draws a blank in your mind.Buy Stardew Valley. At first, it might seem boring... but keep playing. Trust me, the candies are still sweet. And they really only get sweeter."
,Recommended,413150,21534281,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nikke,"I'm genuinely impressed an indie game of this scale made by one guy isn't stuck in an eternal early access, but is instead provided as the full package right off the bat. This is how it was done a decade ago, and this is how it should still be done."
76561198155735547,Recommended,413150,25762224,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,katies140,"Can I just say thankyou to the developer of this game I suffer with depression and stardew valley gives me a reason to do somethng other than sleep it makes me feel like I have an impact of peoples lives (even if its only in game people). I have played 200+ hours playing this game that's 200 hours distracted from my real life problems. I have oped(SP) in to be a beta tester, this is the first game I've ever done this with thanks to the developer for saying how to do that I really admire him for creating such a good game and hope he goes far in his career and he never loses the magic, Thankyou"
,Recommended,413150,21716089,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ErickaUnlimited,"OverviewStardew Valley is a game that borrows heavily from similar titles in the Harvest Moon series. You start out in a rural town with nothing but a dilapidated house and crop fields that are more akin to the wilderness than a place to grow vegetables. The game is simple in its understanding: build a farm, make profits, live your life. What the game allows you to do makes it so much more layered. You're left with the freedom to explore the town, its residence, mold your farm into whatever you want it to be and on your own time. Sure, there are events to attend, festivals to see, men/women to romance and marry, kids to have, buildings to construct, fish to catch and weird little slimes to slay (Dragon Warrior, anyone?), but how and when you do those things is up to you.In essence, the game offers you very similar things to do as a Harvest Moon game does: Build and upgrade your farm, plant crops, upgrade tools, mine in the never-ending dungeon for precious ore, go fishing, romance and get married...etc. While some of your old favorites are back, new aspects have been introduced as well, but I won't spoil those in this review. Let's just say there's a nice story that evolves over time.The freedom to do as you please is what makes this game, and Harvest Moon in general, so enjoyable. It's a chance to mellow out, play at your own pace and still enjoy everything the game has to offer. What Stardew Valley does, it does right. It's charming, cute and feels rewarding, even when all you're doing is cuttings weeds. It doesn't pull any punches or try to be something its not; the developer had a goal in mind and Stardew Valley is a reflection of just that. You can feel the effort, the time and the devotion that went into this game over the years. Stardew Valley is a gem and worth looking at. If you loved Harvest Moon, you'll love Stardew Valley.To date, Stardew Valley is a single player game, though the developer as mentioned some form of co-op or multiplayer availability in the future.ProsCharacter Customization - Always good, always wanted.Visuals - In the style of the SNES. They're colorful detailed and a delight.Game Pace - Fast, slow, or somewhere in the middle. It's your call to make.Content - There is a lot more to do than I first imagined. There are many hidden layers inside the game as you progress the storyline.ConsCombat - It's a tad basic since that isn't the core of the gameplay. A single hack/n slash mechanicCitizens - I'd love to see more citizens (even temporary ones during the year) come and go to make the town feel more ""alive""Overall, Stardew Valley is a pleasure. I haven't put a ton of time into it (yet), but I easily see that happening. It's fun, lighthearted and addictive. As I said earlier in this review, if you've ever played Harvest Moon, you'll enjoy Stardew Valley. It's worth checking out and I highly recommend it. This will easily become one of my most played games on my list. You won't be disappointed, so check it out!"
76561197989330960,Recommended,413150,21983934,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,badgerofdoom,"The new update promises to improve the quality of your marriage. Doesnt work, my wife is still pretty upset I play Stardew Valley so much."
76561198042161073,Recommended,413150,23577500,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kurnel ApocalypticCheeseburger,"Ok so far from my game this is what I got:> farming for first week> mayor tells me to socialize with the townfolk> decide to talk to random people> lots of talking> finally think i met everyone> try to interact with trashcan> find a salad in trash, untouched> girl sees me digging in trash> girl gets grossed out from me digging in the trash> get mad, decide to follow her> catch her walking towards lake> turns out shes pretty> want to know how to marry her> find out that i can gift people> dont know what to gift> remembered i had salad from the trash that she saw me grab> give salad to her> she loves it> advance a year or two later> me and girl are marriedI don't understand women, both in this game and in real life.10/10 would dig in trash again"
,Recommended,413150,28186352,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,LilyHammer0709,"I grew up playing Harvest Moon with my mom and it is one of my fondest memories. She would always buy me the new one for Christmas, and we would play it all day, filling notebooks full of recipes and discussing which person we hoped to marry. Although Stardew Valley has unmistakable similarities to Harvest Moon, it is a masterpiece in it's own right, one that is very dear to my heart after all those years playing with my mum.Stardew Valley is complex and simple, heartwarming and detailed. It's complicated enough that so many hours later I still haven't completed most of the achievements or befriended most of the townsfolk, but it's simple and easy enough that I play it almost every night on the couch after work.Concerned Ape has programmed a masterpiece; his story is just as heartwarming as the story he created. I anticipate each new release and I can't wait to see how far he takes this wonderful game. I rarely give games a perfect score, but this certainly deserves a ten out of ten."
76561198082459183,Recommended,413150,32584238,Posted: 19 June,all,leshea9,"There is a character in this game that is suffering from depression, it has helped me see my own illness and I have learned to deal with it in a much healthier way soley because of how my character interacts and helps them. The characters in this game are beautiful, and not just in their artwork. Their stories and the cutscenes have drawn me in more than just a regular farming game. I was truely excited to marry Leah and nervous that she would turn me down (Even though she was at 10 hearts and I knew she wouldn't).  I have spent 80 hours in this game so far and I am in spring of year 3 waiting on my first child. This game has kept my attention and I am looking forward to many more hours. I give this game 10/10 rating."
,Recommended,413150,32213459,Posted: 5 June,all,dyingskeleton ☽,"This game has so much thought and detail put into it. From the little kiss you can give your spouse in the morning, to finding the Mayors underwear in a special someones home, or a little flying witch that could bring you gifts if you are lucky. As a person with very intense anxiety this game helps to calm me down and relax.Soundtrack and Music - The soundtrack is very calming and peaceful. It's very comforting to listen to as you water crops or mine in the cave. There is always a different song for different events giving it a nice feel good vibe.Art and Graphics - The game is so beautiful. The art is very adorable and indie. With each different season and each new event or festival you have more quests and more to explore and it all is so stunning.Characters - The characters are so in depth. They all have a different back story to why they are who they are. They also are mostly kind and sweet once they get used to you and you get used to them.This game is so much fun and it really goes in depth. This game is one that you can lose track of real time because of how enticing it is. Once you start to get the hang of it there is no putting it down. Then you discover mods which add more game time because they add more to explore.Overall, the is very fun and beautiful. If you want a good quality and long lasting game this is the game for you.Down side - There isn't much to say about this game that is bad, especially since mods help make it better. I would love to see working multiplayer to enjoy in game expierence with friends. One other thing is, there is not much of a tutorial for a new player it can be very confusing. It can be confusing on what to do, or how important birthdays are and such can be. But besides these small things the game is amazing."
,Recommended,413150,21846015,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,VodkaFun,"There isn't much to be said that hasn't already been said for this amazing game if you enjoyed the classic harvest moon type games you will absolutely 100% enjoy this. The game play seems fresh and fun even after clocking in over 60 hours, You won't want to quit, “Just 1 more day” then you realize that turned into 5 days and it's 4am and you have to sleep sometime.This game, takes the old harvest moon concepts and tosses in a bit of Rune factory and a sprinkle of animal crossing leaving you with a sensational experience. Each day brings something fresh, There is over 25 different Npc's to interact with each day and each one brings their own charm and dialogue options depending on if you take the time to build up your friendships.Your farm can be whatever you make it, You design what it looks like, how it runs, what you plant and what animals you choose to raise. The fishing can be a bit difficult to begin with but very rewarding and relaxing once you get the hang of it. On days you want something a bit different you can hop into the mine and find some rare gems, ores and minerals, Some that you can donate to the game's huge museum or use to upgrade your tools!I can't praise this game enough, if your on the fence about purchasing this game or you think you should wait for a sale, Don't wait! This game was made by a single developer who deserves every single penny for all the obvious hard work and dedication. So go and farm your butt off!!"
,Recommended,413150,24053886,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ミ☆  мιηαкιε ☆彡,"I suffer from dysthymia, which is a form of chronic depression. Apart from some rare occasions when my family literally forces me to go outside to do some minor chores like taking out the trash, I hadn't left the house for 2 weeks. Until I found this game.I came across this game by chance on a random research on Google and was imediately attracted by the pixel graphics (I've had a soft spot for pixel games ever since I first played Pokémon on my Game Boy Color). I wanted to play the game, but I finished my college degree a couple years ago and couldn't get a job since, so I don't have a lot of money to spend on games I may not like. So I got the pirated version (not even knowing it was a pirated copy, I only found out it was a Steam game a couple days later). And started reading articles on the game. Found the wiki, found the modders community. Started to mod my game to customize the graphics and add extra features. Found the farm layout planner and fooled around in it for a couple days.And I just fell in love with the game and the community behind it. The quality of the graphics, the amount of different features it offers, the support you get if you run into any kind of trouble. The game is so simple, yet so complex and detailed at the same time, it's so fun to play that it gets addictive. But it's also very relaxing to know you can just play at your own pace and take your time to explore and you won't be missing on any time-limit events. It put a smile in my face again.I knew I just had to have a legit copy of this game, it felt like money well spent. So today I finally found a reason to wilingly get out of the house to ""go for a walk"" and have an excuse to charge my paysafe account and purchase myself the Steam version of this game. No regrets.20/10Update: It is my biggest pleasure to nominate this game for the Steam Awards 2016. :D"
,Recommended,413150,21556599,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Astrobia,"So this is a fantasy farming town life sim in the ilk of Harvest Moon so rather then beat around the bush, how does it compare?Farming: On par with Harvest Moon (HM). Some extra details (need for scarecrows, fencing etc.) but it's also missing features like the ability to selectively breed superior levels of crops over multiple generations. There are some balance concerns but being a PC game those can actually be patched.Livestock... lacks variety and some complexity but is more realistic in some respects. For example there's no animal taming, just purchasing. Breeding is in but you don't breed better livestock it just replenishes numbers (and is gender blind). Grooming is more detailed but less hands on. The one noteworthy improvement is conceptually allowing and rewarding field rotation.Relationships: Superior to HM and It's a Fantasy Life (FL), but inferior to Rune Factory (RF). I say superior to HM but really it's about on par in terms of the mechanics but with more romance options (including same sex). It falls behind in terms of character variety, depth and interaction compared to the RF series but updates could easily catch up.(Note RF improved on the HM formula is pretty much every way so will be comparing primarily to it now)Mining: On par with RF, Behind FL. One area it is behind in both respects is variety of ores divided by regions. Stardew Valley has 2 locations you can really go mining. They have a lot of levels, which are divided into different biomes and there's some RNG in ore availability on any given trip into the mines but it's still overall more simplistic terms of layout and progression. Where it really lags behind is the actual mining interaction. It's just click on the rock, it breaks, RNG loot.Lumberjacking: This ones complicated as it's been mixed with the concept of Foraging. Lumberjacking by itself it close but still behind RF and way behind FL. Foraging also adds features such as getting tree seeds off trees for immediate replanting, finding seasonal wild plants (which you can in turn get seeds for and farm, eliminating the wild foraging once you've completed that seasons set), and at certain times of the year collecting berries. The other titles has these features (coloured grasses and fruit trees etc) but they weren't tied to a skill you could improve. Much room to improve here, especially in terms of the mechanics.Fishing: Ahead of RF, Close but still Behind FL. Something that must immediately be pointed out is fishing difficulty isn't staggered so there's an easy progression curve. Where as in the other games the seasonal fish in the locations you have access to at the start are easy to catch & get harder as you unlock more areas and progress to later seasons, Stardew will throw you in the deep end right at the start before you have any skill. Plus the RNG will throw top level fish at you to kick your butt again & again. Practising the skill and improving equipment alleviates this over time but a lot of people think fishing is impossible starting out as although there are easy fish to catch to start, you aren't directed to them and RNG can still screw you. The mechanics themselves work well once you are on top of them but still more depth that could be added to compare to FL, but otherwise quite good.Combat: Behind RF and FL. There's no real depth to the combat. 3 noteworthy weapon types (and you'll mostly just use swords) plus bombs (which you wont use in combat), no spells, no special moves (right click does do an alternate thing like block or ground slam, but it's not effective and you will never do it), no companions, no real footwork, just move close and spam attack over and over until enemy dies. The only tactical considerations are more frustration with the controls then strategy. Enemy variety is lacking compared to the others. First 80 levels there's only 3 varieties of enemies, those who passively stand there, ones that charge you (grounded or flying), and ones that charge you but occasionally block (one that burrows to do so). For all the above the strategy is pretty much the same: Maybe dodge, hit them before they hit you, keep hitting. Then they add enemies that shoot at you, same deal. Much room for improvement. That said the RNG nature of the dungeons leaves a lot or potential open for this to be developed further if the dev decided to so.Crafting: Way behind RF and FL. No weapon/armour crafting at all. Equipment upgrades handled by a shop. Cooking and deco pieces are just click to create. Super simplistic and uninteractive. That said, there is one area of it where it is ahead of both RF and FL.Decoration... In addition to the ability to lay fences, paths etc. you get to prepare and place the foundation for additional farm buildings rather then the usual fixed locations when you unlock them. Except your house & greenhouse. You are free to place a large amount of functional and decorative furniture both (craftable & collectable) largely anywhere you want on the farm & to some extent all over the town as well. Doesn't compare with say Ultima, or a Minecraft/Terraria clone (omission intentional) but it's a big step up within this genre.Festivals: Far behind RF. Once you've seen them once most the time you want to skip festivals in Stardew. They are mostly just low interaction cut scenes that waste your entire day (even when the festival says it will end at 2pm, you'll get home at 10pm, day over). You can't give gifts, go shopping or otherwise really interact with the townsfolk in any meaningful way on most festival days and very few of the festivals will attending offer any kind of benefit. The townsfolk don't really acknowledge your prowess or even if you attended at all or not.Story: Behind RF & FL. The story is very simple and very lightly applied. The one interesting aspect of it is it seems to make a social commentary on small town independents vs corporate growth culture... But it's doesn't seem to penalise or judge the player regardless of which they favour, it just complements two different playstyles respectively.The plot really boils down to if your characters presence improves the lives of the other townsfolk in any noteworthy fashion over the course of 2 years or not. The hands off approach is great if you don't want the game jamming plot events down your throat while you want to focus on the farming sim, but it means when you are looking for context it is relying entire on the depth of it's character interactions, where it is sadly lacking compared to it's rivals.These aren't shallow characters, but the arcs are short and arbitrary and there is very little individual interaction throughout. Some scripted events are cool but like the festivals the characters have no real self awareness of how they went down after the fact.Collection: On par or better then RF/FL. Behind Animal Crossing. :-PGood potential here. Museum collection will be expanded in updates too.Art/Music: Subjective but good quality regardless.Overall: If you are looking for a story based game with more interactive gameplay mechanics It's a Fantasy Life is a better choice. As far as farming sim specifically goes Rune Factory has more depth and still stands as personal best in genre. I haven't mentioned polish until now as although Stardew is behind all competitors this is day 4 since release and there have been no less then 4 patches fixing most major issues and many smaller ones. When you consider this game was made by one person with no production studio to cover exhaustive QA it's unsurprising launch has been a little shaky. But regular patching will fix this (Edit: & largely has). An advantage of a PC release. Do I recommend it? Absolutely. It might not be best in genre but it's a solid entry, has the potential to improve and is definitely already the best on the PC platform and by extension steam.If the genre appeals to you, get it. Easily worth the money."
,Recommended,413150,21585276,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This game is just fantastic. Obviously you can see that from the 'overwhelmingly positive' reviews here on Steam, so I will keep this short and try to focus on negatives and things you may overlook in general.Stardew Valleyis what PC gamers have been looking for to scratch thatHarvest Moon/Animal Crossingitch. If you like that type of gameplay, just buy this. Don't overthink it. It does it all, and more. What puts it over-the-top is the customization level and modular building ability a laMinecraft/Terrariastyle. And oh boy is there depth.Plus, multiplayer is coming!Pros:+I mean this was made by one guy?!?+Beautiful artwork that has attention to details. I mean it even changes dramatically with the seasons. Its incredible.+Music is absolutely a treat. And once again, changes with the seasons!+Controller support works ok (I'm just glad it exists).+Character customization (male/female, sliders for colors, your appearance changes with different gear, etc.).+You have a large farm to work with. The world in general is a good size. There are 28 NPC's all with their own schedules and agendas. The pixel art for their faces is outstanding.+You can have a pet, and get married (I haven't even done anything with the latter, yet).+There is mining and fighting monsters, although the fighting is casual and isn't even completely necessary.+I could go on and on here really.Cons:-*Sometimes* the controller support part *feels* glitchy until you learn how to use it (mainly the part with the right stick). Nine hours in and I'm still figuring out nuances.-It would be great if the hotbar were longer so to minimize going into the pause button to juggle things.-The bin you put stuff in to sell each night should show all of its contents. Why not allow the player to retract items put in right up until they go to bed? Its not a dumpster, so things don't get 'tainted'.Long-story-short - this is beyond excellent. I can't get enough.If you like this genre, this is a no brainer."
,Recommended,413150,21900027,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Helios Leinheart,"By admission of the dev himself, this game is Harvest Moon at its core. A formula that is purely addictive and satisfying as hell.But there is something Stardew Valley has over Harvest Moon, and that's a heart. The intro to the game is incredibly human and relatable. I sympathized with my character right off the bat. I think we all know how it feels to want to escape the mundane grind, and in a funny kind of way, this game does that.A moment I felt that the game truly had a soul was when I was walking to the mines on a rainy day, when suddenly I was greeted by a cutscene of coming upon Abigail, my romance interest, playing a flute next to the lake. It's a very quiet scene, with nothing but the sound of rain and her flute playing. After some dialog, my character (who is a silent protagonist by the way) pulls out a mini harp and joins Abby in a duet, something that really surprised me as there was no indication that my character had any musical talent prior to this scene. It was a bonding experience, and it felt incredibly real, memorable, and touching. I'll always remember it.And when you realize that there are TEN love interests in this game with different scenes like this for each of them, man, that's an intimidating amount of content.Maybe I shouldn't be saying that Harvest Moon doesn't have any heart at all, but when it comes down to it, this is the game that I'm going to remember more fondly in the end. I made memories with Harvest Moon as a child. Now I'm making memories with Stardew Valley as an adult. You should too. The game is worth full price and then some."
,Recommended,413150,28226966,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kotori-Chan!,"Short Review VersionThis is what I did for thousands of hours in Stardew Valley:I worked on this guide since the first release.I've tested 477 items for 15741 times to 33 villagers,I've chopped tons of woods,I've smashed tons of stones,I've reset the game for hundreds of times,And I almost lost this guide because my hard disk corrupted.In case of another disaster,So I've to release this halfway works,Whatever I currently have.I believe Wiki's info are slightly inaccurate. That's why I make my own data references. You can still refer to Wiki if some info is missing in this guide. This guide will be continuously updated when I have free time. I may be busy at life, but I'll try to push updates to this guide. As multiplayer mode rolling up soon, I will include that as well.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=812676599Long Review VersionOnce I played Harvest Moon: Back to Nature on PlayStation 1 and Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town in Gameboy Advance. Then I continued to play HM:FOMT in VisualBoy Advance in PC, GBA4iOS for iOS and GameBoid for Android. I went for plantations, mining, fishing, feeding animals, wooing all the cute girls. Unlimited fun hours.""Dude, which girl are you chasing?""""Elli.""""Just pass your game cartridge to me for a day; I'll make her grow to red heart in no time!""""Then help me to get 999,999,999G for Vacation House!""We swapped GBA game cartridges, grinding it all the time after school hours. That was my childhood memories.It all began when a friend of mine told me about Stardew Valley which arrives into Steam Store. A game that packs most of Harvest Moon features, which I played back from ten years’ time. I went on checking at Steam Store. Apparently, it looks similar as Harvest Moon, but I doubt how fun it is. All the while, the only farming simulator I loved was Harvest Moon. None other than that. Thankfully, my friend borrowed his Steam Library to me. For the first two hours, I was surprised that finally, FINALLY... A real farming simulator on PC platform. We do no longer running on emulators.So the first month, as usual, I cleared my land, planting Parsnips and then went hunting for extra berries and grasses. But alas, what I noticed inside was totally blew my mind. No grasses but with different loots and proper item names. Dandelion, Daffodil, Spring Onion, Leek, Grapes, Hazelnuts. And then, there's Bus Stop. An overhauled open town that doesn't vertically or horizontally aligned compared to old Harvest Moon. Quests. Fresh storylines. Tons of letters and goodies in my mailbox. Combat mode in Mines. And MINECARTS!This Stardew Valley is a new fresh farming simulator. At first, I'm at lost, but since I'm an ex-Harvest Moon addict, I still can keep up with the crops. However, challenges turn in which you have to defend your crops from overgrown weeds or crow attacks. Something new, you can feel it. In my first run, I used to be a monopolist. Spent all my money on seeds and gained maximum profits. But then, the funny part I placed almost more than 20 scarecrows to protect my crops.I've no idea how far a scarecrow range can cover, how to simultaneously plant and harvest crops, how to organise items and much more. In my thoughts, there might be Steam Guide that helps players to play better. It took me few minutes to load a whole guide with heavy images. Images are wonderful, but still a lack of some details. And much to my disappointment, lots of guides in Steam Community are heavily plagiarised with the assistance from Wiki.Ten years ago, as far as I remembered, game guides for Wiki hardly existed (Or maybe there's one?). Remember how we used CC Cheat Codes, IGN Walkthroughs,GAMEFAQs.com, and many more old sites? Veteran players are very well-versed at this. Most guides are solely written in text format. The tradition of writing text guide is fading. No comprehensive Steam Guide for Stardew Valley community ever had done this.I stopped my game in the middle of Winter, Year 1. Over the months, I compiled all items and complete gifting. Day by day, data by data is being added to my works. One day, my portable disk went corrupted and thankfully my only backup still resided in my local disk. Thus, I've made my final decision to post my works inGAMEFAQs.comand Steam Community as what you've seen right now.I as a fan of Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley would like to thank all of the public contributors who had spent years to compile and posted detailed online walkthroughs for everyone to enjoy HM games, and now we're moving on to Stardew Valley. I wanted to do the same extensive guide for Stardew Valley. Also not forget to thank all my close friends who had helped me to test and verify game data too. As I continue to compile the remaining data, your feedbacks are greatly appreciated.Feels like I'm relieving back some good ol' memories. Soon I'll have my own printed Stardew Valley guidebook on my bookshelf for my collection. Maybe I’ll be playing this for another ten years. Thanks, Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,413150,21546920,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Tony,"Civilization V = ""One more turn.""Stardew Valley = ""One more day."""
,Recommended,413150,26363399,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,The Green Knight,You will log 30 hours on this game minimum. You don't have a choice. You start playing it for the first time and that's 30 hours of your life gone. You've been warned.
,Recommended,413150,21559032,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nameless Pete,I have 41 hours logged in this game.It came out three days ago.
76561198146710177,Recommended,413150,23338635,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,christiansellars117,"This........game......has helped me through my depression. It gave me that extra little bit of happiness in my life to help me get over my obstacles. Stardew valley has been keeping me happy, despite I bought it by random.."
,Recommended,413150,29950924,Posted: 15 February,all,Dragonfly93,"At first Ive added this game to my Wishlist because it got really popular so I got interested in it.Later during Christmas I got it as a gift from a close friend and it stayed untouched for a while as I was simply playing other games. But lately my depression have taken turn for the worse and Ive lost any will to play games.One day when I was feeling especially bad Ive decide to try this game only because it seemed easy and I needed something to make my mind busy.To my surprise... this game helped. Without realising Ive spent several hours taking care of my virtual farm and and for the first time in weeks I felt calm, happy even. Since then it has become my safe place I go to when I feel really down.In short, I really Recommend this game if youre looking for something relaxing. And if you know anyone who is going through hard times, show them this game, it might also help them.tl;dr - 10/10 , great for anyone feeling depressed"
,Recommended,413150,21506558,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,birdy,"spent a week giving a girl flowers and buying her beerasked her to dance with me she said ""Ew no""very realistic10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21967238,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Le Meow,"Pirated it first,played a little,impressed,felt bad,bought the game."
,Recommended,413150,28490461,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Foxi,what can i say? dont have friends? this game will warm you up. feeling lonely? this game will keep you company. wanna have fun for hours on hours without having to worry about people arround you? this game is here for you
,Recommended,413150,34097504,Posted: 8 August,all,Crocket,You can marry people to make up for how lonely you are in real life so like that's cool and stuff
76561198075990209,Recommended,413150,22354109,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Absoulewt,">first year in Stardew Valley>go to the Spring Dance>ask Haley to dance with me>""Ew...No!"">go back to my farm, heartbroken>im determined to get revenge>Fall comes, I'm able to plant sunflowers>sunflowers are Hayley's favourite gift>grow dozens of sunflowers to give to Hayley>give her two a week until next spring>we start a relationship because she ♥♥♥♥ing loves sunflowers>agrees to marry me>we get married a few days before the Spring Dance in year 2>""I hope you've been practicing your dance moves for the Spring Dance!"">shes so excited to go to the spring dance with her new husband>she doesnt even remember what she did to me the year before>im going to make her feel the pain that she made me feel>Day of the Spring Dance comes along>I dont show up>shes heartbroken10/10 would marry a girl just to break her heart again"
,Recommended,413150,23371460,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ThatOneGuyZack,">redecorating kitchen>Abigail nearby>accidentially give her a chair>""Hey, how'd you know I was hungry?""10/10 Never got my chair back"
,Recommended,413150,21953584,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Breezy,"Things I've learned since I started playing Stardew Valley:Farming is way more fun on PC than it is in real life.Grandfathers are generous people.I don't need a girlfriend.Trees only take 28 days to grow.Farmers can withstand snow, rain, and thunderstorms all in a t-shirt.I don't need a job.Sprinting isn't very fast.My map-reading skills are awful.I don't need a social life.If I drink the juices from a mushroom, I'll be able to talk to forest people.There is an endless supply of broken CD's in every single river.I don't need sleep.Give a girl salad, she'll love you forever.Wheelchair = grumpy.I don't need food.If I put a bunch of fruit in a cupboard, it'll make a greenhouse.Dogs are useless.I don't need a soul.Women won't enter houses without kitchens.You can get pregnant by kissing.I don't need to ever look up from my computer.My life is in ruins.I don't care.10/10."
76561198263139668,Recommended,413150,22915469,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,lil_julya,"THIS GAME IS RUINING MY LIFE!I thought that it's a cute game, so i bought it.I started playing, at 6pm after i got off work.I farmed, made friends, did some stuff... Oh ...It's summer already?Let me just give this gift to someone... oh *character* wants this? I have it. Lemme go get it.Well since I'm here I'll fish a little.Oh, free stuff on the ground.Oh, luck is on my side today? I'll go mining then.Well tomorrow's the festival, so I might as well play one more day.Omg my crops are done!Hey, one more heart and I can get in Marnie's room to get the mayor's underpants.Oh, i have some stuff to put in the community center.Bridge repaired? Lemme go see.*Gets sidetracked by 5000 other things*Aaand it's 5am and i have to go to work in 2 hours...."
,Recommended,413150,29256512,Posted: 14 January,all,freakstatic,"This game helped me through some really dark times. I have ptsd and depression and sometimes the world gets too much. Stardew Valley is the most chill, relaxing, satisfying game with really interesting plots and an uplifting soundtrack. Thank you *edit* Eric Barone for creating a safe and beautiful outlet."
,Recommended,413150,21495125,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kenuty,"Stardew Valley created by one developer by the name of ConcernedApe, is a game similar to Harvestmoon/animal crossing  etc finally with a similar gameplay created for the pc but is bigger and better. It isn't about the 3D graphics that makes this game genre great but rather the gameplay and the amount of content this game comes with. This game is a piece of gem among indie games and I rarely say this when it comes to indies since there is so many. Might not be your cup of tea if you do not enjoy that type of series but then again that is unless you also own a console. If you never tried this series before take a look below or try it. Will be creating a great guide for new players to be the best farmers and to understand the mechanic. Will also update the review as new contents/ multiplayer releases.Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGGjsM6nJYgPros+ The game offers resolutions, bindable keys for keyboard, controller support (Xbox controllers),  and even Rumble support, insane!+ 4 seasons of gameplay and years with weather system and natural disaster surprises+ Game mechanic is great, 1 min for an hour ingame, energy bar to control what you can do in a day, and a punishment system of losing gold if you tire out, fail to sleep at 2 am, or even lose all your health.  With so much things to do you feel like you never have enough time as an illusion even though you really are playing quite a bit from 6 am to 1 am.+ Great music, sound effects, and good looking 2d art which are funny and cute.+ Multiple dialog answers to certain people at certain times.⦿THE MASSIVE AMOUNT OF CONTENTS SUCH AS⦿‣Exploration-Explore desert, sewers, and a mine which acts as a sort of dungeon with over 80+ floors! while upgrading weapons and a bit of armor killing monsters. Tons of secrets to find and explore‣Making Money+being able to do farming assortments of vegetables during certain seasons and being able to grow trees, take out sap etc so much more+Growing a livestocks and being able to benefit from them, LIVESTOCK EMPIRE with chickens and cows+Forage items in the forest from woods, stones and plantlife. Just randomly picking up random things+ Mining and adventuring to make money is addictive.+ Fishing is included which is tough a bit but gets better as you progress-+Crafting mechanic in game to craft aesthetics, useful house addons, or even machines and devices that makes life easier which are witty and then being able to place them.+ You can cook and be Gordon Ramsay by learning recipes from TV or level it through discovery.+ So much questing, helping townspeople and taking request quests from the boards which helps earn some pocketchange and also increase relationship with the people around you besides giving them gifts.+ Encounter events that comes with cutscenes with the ability to skip them too if you seen them which is a nice feature for multiple replays.+ Being a friend to the local museum and donating to them to great rewards you can also do rewards wait until the community town hall opens for even more rewards!‣Use of money!? -+ Expand your house, have people check your crib when you get your kitchen etc lol.+ Upgrading your gears to go in the mines. Shoes, Rings and even Weapons such as daggers, swords, clubs and slingshot.+ Upgrading your farm to add various buildings and special buildings for livestocks etc.+ Interacting with community and gifting them to progress.+ Taking part in minigame festivals that are seasonal and plenty.+ Getting married to the bachelors available, whichever sex you want and whoever is available with thier own unique content, choice is yours.There are a ton more stuff but I won't spoil them and my words are limited, so limited that I cannot even LIST IT ALL FOR YOU, There are tons of items and special secrets to discover, Plenty. There is always more each time you accomplish something, something else opens up.Multiplayer comes later because this was released to let the people enjoy the SINGLE PLAYER. Possible content later on? Hopefully!Cons- The fighting mechanic could definitely be improved on, standing around spamming clicks to swipe enemies can get tedious at times.- More emphasis on the pet system, you can only choose dog or cat but after that you don't really do anything with them except ignore them running around the farm. Give them water sometimes but no food.- Bugs in the game that can cause entire restarts to your game because of no manual save since the game is newly released.( The dev is fixing it up as they pop up and already has dedicated time into this be warned ahead of time!)- Lack of tutorial for new players ( game expected that players recognize the rules from games such as Harvest moon, rune factory, animal crossing etc. (I am working on a super guide for you guys on this)- The GUI (interface) could be much better with drag and drop features so you have to click and being careful on not reselling items you bought by mistakes or even pressing escape because you click too fast, I have resold my 50 seed bags by mistakes DOH! or rebought the same gears.- Alot of systems can be a bit more in depth later on to add challenge, such as vegetables rotting etc. Would be nice! (not really a con but nice idea to add more challenge)⦿Conclusion⦿These are just some of the things listed in the content becuase that was what important while playing the game, The sheer amount of content created by one person was mind boggling. This game is really special and sometimes it might be or might be your cup of tea but if you take your time and dive into one of the listed content above and really try it out you might be too late for that refund.15 bucks for hundreds of hours here and also multiplayer coming later on. You tell me if thats worth the value. I've spent over 50+ hours so far"
76561198061499781,Recommended,413150,22514703,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,the Queen,"Okay, I'll just play ONE more day."
,Recommended,413150,21651413,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ℍᴀɴɪɪsᴛᴇʀ,"This game is running my life.All I ever play is this game.When I'm not playing this game, I'm thinking about playing this game.When I'm not awake, I'm dreaming about playing this game.11/10 hELP"
76561198038010369,Recommended,413150,27481563,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HolyLeonerd,"Pirated it, nice game, felt guilty. Bought the game."
,Recommended,413150,22372492,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Wendy,"I love people who treat gamers well, this game being made and still supported by one man, is amazing, a good price that put's AAA's to shame.No pay extra to play bs here,No expensive♥♥♥♥♥dlc here,No overused promises and under delivering,much addictive,Would recommend."
,Recommended,413150,29135331,Posted: 8 January,all,Wizard,"I didn't think I was going to like this game. I picked it up on sale to see what the hype was about. But after playing 21 hours in 2 days, I have to admit, Stardew Valley's the real deal.This isn't a game you just play.This is a game you let transport you.This is a game you think about even when you're not playing it.This is a game that reminds you why you play video games in the first place.Spend a little time in Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,413150,21872187,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,NIRee,I stopped smoking because I don't have time for that 'cos there are crops to water.10/10
76561198082439251,Recommended,413150,24894238,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Jillbo Baggins,- Jumped up screaming because husband finally asked me to have a baby- Actual real-life-husband runs into room asking me why I'm screaming- Tell him that we're finally going to have a baby- Real-Life-Husband LOSES HIS MIND10/10 would break husband again
,Recommended,413150,23412828,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Shanks,"Pretty good game. Especially when you lost your last games in Dota2. So... at least you can farm here without any problems.On a serious note, get this if you like any/all of these:-> Farming-> Fishing-> Mining/ Exploring/ Dungeoning-> Dating/ failing at dating-> Getting rejected at your 1st dance festival by a girl/guy-> Helping poor townfolk solving their daily problemsFuture plans for this game-> More varity of crops-> More types of farm buildings n equipments-> Co-op multiplayer (delayed due to console version release)-> Depth to NPCs-> etc etc"
76561198043878414,Recommended,413150,21561818,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sting,"Tired of Early Access?Love Harvest Moon?Like life sims?Want a relaxing, content filled game for cheap?If you can say yes to any of these points, give this game a chance. It's great."
,Recommended,413150,22071179,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Min,You Can FarmYou Can Get MarriedYou Can FishYou Can Kill TreesYou Can MineYou Can Look After ChickensYou Can Look After DucksYou Can Look After CowsYou Can Look After SheepYou Can Make JamYou Can Make WineYou Can Make MayonaiseYou Can Live In A HouseYou Can Upgrade Your HouseYou Can Sell Grass For Stupid Amounts Of MoneyYou Can Help PeopleYou Can Give People GiftsEvery Character is uniqueEvery Character is special and likes different thingsYou can marry anyone ( Male or Female )This game has no forced storyline allowing you to do as you wishI Like This GameYou Will Like This Game.
,Recommended,413150,21540619,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Isopod,I gave everyone in town a fish as a present.I spent the rest of the day digging them out of their trashcans.The homeless guy kept his fish because he doesn't have a trashcan.Then I realized I was competing with him in digging things out of the trash.I think I am bad at this game.
,Recommended,413150,23392492,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,StarHawk,"After spending 50+ hours on it, I figured Stardew Valley is due for a review.Story/Characters: While not heavily driven by the story, Stardew Valley sets up your farm-life, and fills it, with many solid, and fun cutscenes. You'll also run into a few nuggets of lore occasionally. Every villager in Stardew Valley is unique, and worth getting to know.  9/10Gameplay: The farming life has never been better. I fell in love with farming, then with fishing, then with mining. All these are valid methods of keeping a steady income in Stardew Valley. So, I had fun devoting days to different activities, while also completing different quests and requests from the villagers. Also, there are mods, which I haven't even gotten into yet. 9.5/10Sound: Relaxing, colorful, and happy music kept me humming while doing my daily work. The sound effects were also bright, and they fit in perfectly 9/10Replay Value: I played Stardew Valley for 45+ hours. In that time, I completed 1.5 ""years"", got married, earned quite a lot of items and money, andalmostfinished the community center. That might satisfy most; I plan to do it all again, with a few mods. 8/10Overall Score: 8.9Summary: Personally, I had a ton of fun with Stardew Valley, and will never forget this game. Thanks to ConcernedApe for this awesome game. I love the crap out of it. Everyone should at least try it. Begin your life in Stardew Valley"
76561197987836799,Recommended,413150,26664527,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Charlie Friggn Brown,"Love it,2nd year farmer,married Abigail.Gave her a diamond as a giftShe thanked me and said ""How did you know I was hungry?""Widow simulator 5/5**UPDATE**3rd Year Farmer,buried Abigail in the fieldTown loves the taste of my crops5 Star Farmer! 5/5"
,Recommended,413150,21762871,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Frith Ra,"First a couple of admissions. This game gets compared a lot to the Harvest Moon series which I have never personally played. Couple that with the fact that I have also never played a farming sim before and this is pretty much as pure of an opinion on the game itself as you can possibly get.Now to the point. Stardew Valley is incredibly fun and has managed to hold my interest so much that I'm playing as much as I can lately. There is a bit of a learning curve if you are not familiar with anything from the Harvest Moon series. Friends I know who have played that series and then Stardew Valley clued me into a lot of little things I didn't know about and likely wouldn't have figured out until I read about it somewhere later. But what makes this game even more impressive to me is how a single dev took so much inspiration from something he clearly loved, mixed in loads of player feedback, and built something truely special. I wish I had been one of the people that learned about this game early on so I could have watched it grow (no pun intended).I also can't help but love the retro art style of classic RPGs, yet with the modern polish and bright colors that make it stand out as still being something new. I can't help but wonder if Chucklefish helped Concerned Ape out with some of that considering how much it reminds me of the art style used in their game Starbound. But either way it's got a surprisingly good level of detail to it with lots of character. As far as how the game plays, I found myself loving the simple yet challenging approach of levelling your five core skills and learning the best techniques to maximize the efficiency and profits of your farm. You start off struggling to make everything work in that first year and by your second you really start to feel like you know what to do now.The story is also simple but with a lot of charm. Even though Pelican Town is small it always feels like there is something new to discover about the people who live there. While it can take a lot of time and effort to befriend everyone it becomes worth it to see how they all interact together and how much of an impact your character can make in their lives. It's the ultimate expression of a lively small-town community and looking out for your fellow man. Something I think a lot of us lose sight of sometimes in this digital age. But let's not forget the symbol of modern change that takes form in Joja Corporation, a megacorporation looking to monopolize Pelican Town. You can either decide to help them out (for a price) and increase the town's reliance on Joja Corp, or instead work to restore the town's community center and promote local business and interaction, declining Joja further business opportunity in the area. It's a powerful underlying message to the whole game and something many can feel passionate about one way or the other.Lastly I need to mention the price. For all the hours I've sunk into this game already and will likely continue to add in the future, the $15 price tag feels like a steal. I can't help but highly recommend this game at full price because if you are a fan of this type of sandbox RPG farming sim you will easily justify the cost twice over. I actually bought the game for a friend because it was affordable and something I could recommend to anyone and I knew my friend would enjoy it. While I'm sure it's bound to end up on sale when the initial hype dies down, please don't be someone that waits specifically for that to happen. This game is worth every cent and doesn't cost any more than a month of game time for any MMO out there. If you are sincerely interested and have the money, don't wait.TL;DR: This game is freaking amazing and you should get it."
,Recommended,413150,28783134,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Freshetables,"So, this game was responsible for converting my non-gamer girlfriend and I finally got my hands on it…The Short version:Farm, Fight, Friendship, Romance, Profit. Easily one of the best experiences in gaming I've had in 2016, Stardew Valley baffles with wonderment in a masterfully crafted homage to the HM franchise. Also,bloodyamazing piece of work for one human being to make on their own. (9.5/10)The Looong version:What hasn't been said about Stardew Valley? It's a loving callback to the Golden Age of the Harvest Moon series, sure. But, what makes Stardew Valley stand out from being an HM clone on the PC?Depth and modernity:+ You can actually DATE before marriage (whoever you want regardless of gender)+ Combat is functional adds to the sense of adventure+ This is a meaty experience that DOESN'T feel cheaply padded+ Stories can touch on more adult concepts like substance abuse and abandonment+ Mods give you an endless world of possibilitiesThat's brilliant. That's modern.With some less than stellar recent entries in the HM series and the bankruptcy of Rune Factory creators Neverland co., Stardew Valley offers gamers a beautiful, immersive and yet simple experience of country life."
,Recommended,413150,21833100,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Vivi,This game was made by one dude. One person made this piece of art. Buy this game.
,Recommended,413150,32395475,Posted: 13 June,all,TerinHD,"Stardew Valley... what can I say that hasn't already been said?  It is a true spiritual successor to a game I never played, called Harvest Moon.  First thing first... if you love Harvest Moon, please go buy this right now and dig in.  If not, hold on and hear me out, then go buy the game...The game has you inheriting a farm and building a life for yourself on the farm.  You build relationships and explore in the new community that you are thrown into.  The core of the game is based around a daily cycle, everyday you have to decide what you are going to accomplish each and every day.  This come down to farming, fishing, exploring, mining, and shopping.  But the seasons put pressure on you to handle your farm correctly and time everything down to the day.  It gets to the point you want to just spend one more ""day"" of in game time playing... much like Civilization has the just one more turn phenomenon associated with it.Overall, there is very little to be upset about in this game.  I would recommend this to anyone that wants a nice and relaxing game. This goes into my gold tier of games, and I can't find any reason not to give Stardew Valley a 5/5... it is honestly worth it just to pay for the game at regular price."
,Recommended,413150,28888665,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Polarbear,"This game helped me through Uni. It was at times, a literal life saver.I wish I was being dramatic, but I'm not. Stardew was literally my escape from the world, work and stress, and I would spend hours upon hours just living life at the farm.I hold a special place in my heart for Stardew and I wholeheartedly cannot recommend this game enough. It has everything to offer;*RPG Elements of multiple choice and romance options.*Dungeon delving into the mines, defeating monsters and finding new items.*A farming simulator of knowing how to manage and regulate your fields for the best value of crop worth or just for fun because growing flowers are pretty.*Or just genuinely giving you a break from the world.It's soothing, calm, and you have all the time in the world on the game to live your life however you want. There is no pressure involved at all, but you're never short of anything to do. Even if it's just showing your in game cat or dog some love."
,Recommended,413150,21560250,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Timblegoorn,"I met the girl of my dreams.I visited her every day and talked about everything I could think of.I showered her with gifts.Time went on and I continued to do everything I could to make her like me.It was time for the spring dance, this was my chance.I went up to her and asked her if she would dance with me.She politely refused.I went home and cried and did the same in Stardew Valley.Real ReviewThis game is fantastic and incredibly enjoyable. Somehow I have been able to amass 15 hours in the game already... after 2 days... during a school week... And there seems to be tons left to explore and unlock.From mining, to fishing, to farming, and just exploring and having fun--I always feel like I have something to do, and with the wide variety of things to do, even if I get bored of one activity the other activity is so different that it becomes completely enjoyable again.The gameplay is deep. You feel accomplished when you plant and water crops for the first time. You feel excited when you finally get to harvest the crops you've watered every day. Pulling up a big fish is equally satisfying and getting to the next level in the mines is fantastic.Talking to NPCs isn't particularly exciting as there aren’t gobs of dialogue, but there's still a pleasant amount to keep me wanting to talk. Getting an NPC to like you makes me feel happy though. There could be a bit of polishing in this way, I've noticed a couple of spelling errors in the dialogue and sometimes wish I could know more about a character, but I'm still pleased with what there is.I've never played Harvest Moon or Rune Factory, which I've heard is what this game was inspired from, so I can't say how similar it is to either, but since this is my first time playing a game like this, it has been awesome not knowing what to expect. But if you've played either game before and liked them I would assume this would be a great updated version for you.Also, this game wasnever in early accessand was made byone developer, which is such a pleasant change from what has been.The Good and The BadProsSimple, diverse, satisfyingly enjoyable gameplay that is hard not to love even after hoursUnique, lively characters and a beautiful world to exploreInteresting developments in the story and characters that helps fill in the occasional slow parts of the game.A lot of high quality gameplay. Spent 15 hours playing thus far and it seems like I've only scratched the surface.Beautiful graphics for a pixel gameWell suiting music and sound effects that fit well into the mood of the gameGreat map that might seem small at first but has a lot more depth to it than first thoughtConsNPC dialogue could be better in my opinionA few very minor bugs that don't affect much but should still be brought up*spoiler maybe* You have to replant after each season, causing you to lose any currently planted crops (excluding a couple crops, like corn). It would be nice to know this ahead of time (or at least make it clearer) as it was quite frusturating for me to wake up to all my cauliflower that would have been ready in a few days now wilted... I know this may be obvious to HM players but to players new to the genre like myself, it would be nice if this was mentioned. EDIT: Players now receive a letter two weeks before end of spring stating that this happens. Thank you, dev!The map showing the location of your character needs improvement, as it is now it just gives you a general idea of where you are, which isn't that bad, but I would prefer if it showed the exact location.Night lighting could be improved.TLDR;Stardew Valley is an amazing game, and going to go on my list as one of my favorites. Its intuitive, unique gameplay is fresh to see. I would say that it's probably not for everyone, but I think everyone could enjoy at least a part of it. Well worth the $14.99 price tag and excited to see what the developer has in store."
76561198057871248,Recommended,413150,34689948,Posted: 2 September,all,LexTexMex,Went to the Sewers to buy demon-chicken eggs from a dark spirit then went to the bar to give an alcoholic some beer and then headed home where my wife accused me of being gay.Great heartwarming game! Very close to home!
,Recommended,413150,28936398,Posted: 2 January,all,Kittfuge,"-> Found a dinosaur egg while fishing-> Threw that egg into an incubator-> Raised a dinosaur among 4 chickens and 3 ducks-> Dino made an egg himself-> So i got this prehistoric egg that I could either give to the museum, the science guy or charity or wahtever-> Decide to make Mayonaise out of it.10/10, would eat Dino-Mayonaise again"
76561197977879276,Recommended,413150,31692918,Posted: 11 May,all,lobotomizedgoat,"I started off in stardew valley with a hoe, an overgrown plot of land, and a few parsnips.  Three years later I was a multimillionair expert spelunker with a 500+ barrel artisan winery, a family, and the esteem of the entire town.better-than-real-life/10"
,Recommended,413150,21653868,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,lucifer,"A really fun game to play.It's really good to play to consume a little bit of time but also a pick me up.It offers a great but a smallish story.Great textures.A lot of great features such as maintaing friendships with those you talk to.Farming!!Marriage and building up a home to house kids if you want.Character customisation, also the choice of clothing items.The achivements actually hold a purpose so don't buy if you don't like unlocking achivements and actually get something out of them. You can still progress but unlocking achivements offers a great fun feature in the game.There is much more within the game these are just some features that the game offers."
,Recommended,413150,26326350,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,404_Not_Found,"I wasn't sure about this game at first. A lot of things seemed really off about it, like the fast timer compared to modern HM games, but it actually ended up being able to rival even the new HM games and anyone who lacks a nintendo console can just pick this game up and basically get the best of the experiences offered by harvest moon. Animal Crossing fans will also find enjoyment in decorating your house and filling up the museum, and Rune Factory fans will enjoy the mines and subsequent risk-to-reward gameplay they provide. In addition to all this, you do NOT have to make friends with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ neighbors just to get tools anymore which is probably the best feature of this game. You can basically be a hermit, never get married, and never talk to anyone and you will not miss out. You can even complete one of the two main stories (you can choose which one to complete) without any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t socializing like the HM games force on you. But, if you did want to get married, you can even have the option of marrying the same sex which no HM game to date has offered.The one complaint I have so far is the way the game saves. Saving in games today should be a convenient and accessible feature, this isn't the 80s when batteries were some expensive commodity and games are a lot more involved than they used to be, but this game has a very rigid way of only saving your game between days and you basically have to go through an entire day before you can save again. When you're used to HM games both offering you a diary in your house to save mid-day or even getting the option to skip saving (comes in handy when trying to pray to RNGesus for rainy weather), this can be pretty jarring and I do not understand why the game is like this. All I can figure is the dev prioritized stopping people from cheating over offering better convenience and assurance to the majority of people wh don't, and that was a poor choice. This isn't a PVP game, that is the only time where making design choices solely to prevent people from cheating, even at the expense of legitimate play, is valid, and this being a single-player game basically begs the question ""Who cares?"" when someone wants to cheese it. It isn't like the AI has feelings."
,Recommended,413150,33138982,Posted: 2 July,all,Gloss,i had 20 hours into this game within 2 days of buying it please send help
,Recommended,413150,34267531,Posted: 15 August,all,Ewoksson,Still waitin' for the multiplayer so I can show off my fishin' skills.
,Recommended,413150,21546841,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Evey,"English------------Deutsch""I'll stop playing the next day at the next save point... but first I need to xyz and the next day I can finally xyz and..."" Almost every day while playing.For everyone who's waiting for a PC game like Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing and Rune Factory, Stardew Valley feels like their little baby and is without a doubt a really addictive farming simulator. It contains the full package of farming, crafting, a nice town, seasons, festivals, relationships, dungeons etc we all loved about Harvest Moon.++ endless amount of stuff to do (farming, fishing, crafting,...)++ dungeon (combat and mining)++ interesting characters and potential partners++ cute and detailed character creation (similar to Terraria)++ atmospheric and relaxing soundtrack++ lovely and very detailed pixel graphics++ entertaining events/festivals and seasons with different items to collect++ large map-----------------------------------------------------------------------""Am nächsten Tag, beim nächsten Speicherpunkt, hör ich auf zu spielen... aber zuerst brauch ich xyz und ach ja, morgen kann ich endlich xyz und..."" Passiert so gut wie jeden Tag beim spielen.Für jeden, der schon lange nach einem PC Spiel wie Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing und Rune Factory gesucht hat, Stardew Valley wirkt wie deren Baby und ist ohne Zweifel ein sehr zeitfressender und süchtig machender Farming Simulator. Er enthält das volle Paket aus der Bewirtschaftung eines Bauernhofs, Crafting, eine nette Stadt, Jahreszeiten, Festivals, Beziehungen, Dungeons etc. was viele von uns bereits aus Harvest Moon kennen und lieben.++ schier endlose Beschäftigungsmöglichkeiten (Bauernhof, fischen, kochen, herstellen,...)++ große Mine/Dungeon (Kampf und Bergbau)++ interessante Charaktere and potenzielle Partner++ niedliche und detailierte Charaktererstellung (vergleichbar mit Terraria)++ atmosphärischer and entspannter Soundtrack++ sehr detailierte und liebevolle Pixel Grafik++ unterhaltsame Events/Festivals und Jahreszeiten mit verschiedenen Sammelobjekten++ große, übersichtliche Karte"
,Recommended,413150,29361695,Posted: 19 January,all,Antono,i lost all my friends playing a game for 1000 hours+ but atleast i made a virtual wife right... RIGHT
76561198021144421,Recommended,413150,31964724,Posted: 25 May,all,Bakaar,"I need a button to double-recommend a game.  There are games that I like, and then there are games that I pathologically need other people to play.  I'm not worried whether you'll enjoy it: if you have a soul then you will.  If you don't enjoy it, then I've learned something dark about you.Stardew Valley is amazing.  It is tremendous.  It fills me with glee and delight.  I have build spreadsheets to calculate maximum crop effeciency not because I need to (it's so easy to get in to you guys) but because I enjoy playing the game even when I am not playing the game.The graphics are old-school but well done.  The music is lovely.  The characters are excellent and engaging.  The gameplay is FANTASTIC.  Every single part of this game is cleverly thought out, wonderfully done, and almost all of it by a single individual.  And he's still adding stuff to it!  THE GAME IS GREAT AND KEEPS GETTING BETTER.Do you own it already?  You should probably buy a copy for a friend.  This game is a thing they need in their life.  Do you not have it yet?  Why not?  What's wrong with you?  Do you not like fun?  Do you not wish to feel joy?  Because if so, you are depressed, and may need professional help.  I recommend Stardew Valley for your professional help.  It may not take the place of a trained psychologist, but feeling good about your super-awesome virtual farm is a hell of a lot cheaper."
,Recommended,413150,24979330,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The Diddler,">Bought game months ago, named my dog in it as my irl dog.>Beat it and move onto other things.>Come back to it last week after irl dog passes month ago.>Get the feels as dog runs up to me excited again10/10 for feels trip"
76561198272966719,Recommended,413150,32165116,Posted: 3 June,all,SainsburyLad,"Dear Stardew Valley,Please can I have my life back."
,Recommended,413150,29370970,Posted: 19 January,all,katsy ;3,"I'll admit, I insulted the game when I first took a glimpse at it. The gameplay looked pretty boring and it made me want to snooze, but it was a completly different story (not literally) once I purchased the game.I was convinced to ""try out"" the game before I judged it, and with my lunatic of a mind--I bought the game to try it out. The reviews don't do it any wrong. I absolutely love the game, the concept of the game is that you ""escape"" the modern lifestyle of working to live in the countryside where your grandfather once owned a farm pass down to you. I can tell you, I honestly feel warped into the game myself, as if Stardew Valley is where I go when I want to ""escape"" the world around me.The game allows you to marry NPCs, own pets, do quests, farm, sleep, mine in caves, kill monsters--basically everything you could think of in the average life style plus a little sprinkle of monsters here and there. I don't think I have ever felt this close to a game since forever.10/10 I would recommend this to anybody, everywhere to give it a try. It's worth the price."
76561198046452961,Recommended,413150,21484317,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Lavis,A wizard forced me to do drugs so I could be one with the land.
76561198035443464,Recommended,413150,21684283,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Rachuu,"I will be the first to admit that when I saw this game floating around steam a week or two before its release I was kind of skeptic about it. The art and pixel style threw me for a loop, and while I loved Harvest Moon style games and Rune Factory 4, I wasn't too sure about spending money on this game. I've been burned before and I was wary of trying it. It was about... I think a day of or after the release and I noticed it had a small sale and I figured, ""Well, I just got paid, and it might be a good distraction until I find another game to play.""...So, uhm. You might have noticed I have 71 hours of playtime. So I figured I'd better write my thoughts on why I love this game.Music: 10/10Everyone knows that what helps make a game great is the music it has. I was immediatly sucked in by the music, it reminded me so much of the Harvest Moon games I played that had such amazing music! If there was a soundtrack available (maybe there is) I would be willing to drop money on it.Controls: 7/10The controls of the game are not the worse I've encountered, but I feel it could be improved a bit. Honestly, if I hadn't found the control options this would have had a 5/10 review instead. The 'show tool hit location' was not automatically selected so it led to some frustrating moments just trying to till the ground. The combat was a bit frustrating since you had to turn your character in order to swing the sword in the exact direction it has to go in, but after some practice I've ironed out the kinks.Storyline: 12/10Oh my god guys. This, this right here helps make the game for me. Its honestly what I have been sorely missing in other farming games like Harvest Moon. Its not just ""till the land, plant the seeds, make the cash."" No, this is much more then that. I would love to go into detail, but I don't want to give anything away to people who want to come in blind.Characters: 10/10These loveable characters have their own flushed out hopes, fears, and dreams. They have their strengths, their weaknesses, and their own personality. Not one character is the same, their life experiences make them what they are and their background helped shaped them. But at the same time they grow, they adapt, they change. The more you interact with them the more impact you have on their lives. Its amazing.Character Customization: 10/10What many Harvest Moon games lacked until recently was being able to customize your farmer. However Stardew has by far the best I have seen. Around 30 different hair styles, over 100 different shirts to chose from, skin color, eye color and hair color. You want to make yourself look like the hulk? Get your green on and hulk up for some farming! Want to be a vampire? A demon? You can be anything!I would add more but honestly I am a little under the weather as I'm writing this and I'm rapidly running out of energy. So a last few tid-bits for you guys and gals considering this game.This game does not end in an XX amount of years. You can keep playing for as long as you want.It doesn't matter what gender you are, you can romance ANY of the 10 available. Are you a gal that likes other gals? Yep, you can woo, date, and marry them! Are you a dude that wants to smooch, woo, and marry other dudes? You can do that too! Guess what else you can do? If you're unable to have kids the traditional way you can ADOPT! You can have a family! Or if you don't want a kid you don't have to have one (at least, I'm pretty sure you don't have to).All in all, 9/10 game that I plan on playing for a very long time!"
76561198007300752,Recommended,413150,21925043,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Blackadar,"I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HARVEST MOON IS!Too many reviews say ""this is like Harvest Moon"", ""oh it's so cute like Harvest Moon"" and ""it's a wondeful remake of Harvest Moon"". That's not very helpful. I never played Harvest Moon. I never heard of Harvest Moon (unti this game came along). I was playing computer games when it came out but the SNES was never my cup 'o tea. If you're like me, this is the review for you.Without knowing what Harvest Moon is, I'm coming into Stardew Valley with a fresh set of eyes. And what these eyes have beheld is pretty magical. The one word I'd use to describe Stardew Valley is enchanting. The game play revolves around building up your farm, fighting / mining in the mines, fishing and bribing the townspeople to like you. It frankly doesn't sound like much but it's much more than the sum of its parts.First of all, the farming is deep and entertaining. There are many crops to sow, groves to plant, animals, sap and a host of artisan-type improvements to your basic ingredients. There's simply so much to do here it's tough to see it all. And if you're creative, you can construct some beautiful farms so they are visually pleasing along with productive. It's not easy though - you need to slowly clear your farm, build up your money for seeds and you'll need raw ingredients from elsewhere (mainly mining) to truly become productive and self-sustaining.Other areas are simple but rewarding. Mining doesn't sound like fun, but each level of the mines brings new challenges and rewards. Fishing can be challenging and even frustrating but as your character levels that skill you'll find you're able to haul in even the most challenging catches. It doesn't seem like the Valley is very large but as you complete challenges in the Community Center new areas will open up, each with it's own unique style and bonuses. You'll forage through the landscape and acquire more resources that way.The townspeople deserve their own mention. They seem like they're the standard tropes - the jock, the vain girl, etc. - but as you get to know them you'll find they're unique characters and somewhat memorable. The villagers have their own schedules and you'll have to work around those schedules to get what you want.As for downsides, probably the most annoying thing is this ""bribe people to be my friends"" aspect. I'm not a fan of the limitations and I'm not a fan of the message that sends. But that's a minor problem with what is just a great, fun, relaxing and entertaining game. I'd recommend this game for people from 8 to 80 (I'm on the older side of that scale). It's simply a wonderful product."
76561198039499869,Recommended,413150,21583702,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Phobiums,"I asked a girl to dance with me. She responds, ""Ew, no..""100% realistic. 11/10. Would get rejected again"
,Recommended,413150,32711177,Posted: 23 June,all,alphabluesquadron,The gaming equivalent of comfy
,Recommended,413150,22623995,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,edwardicc,"Me:- You wanna dance?Haley:- Ew, no.> Uninstalling."
,Recommended,413150,21527704,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Griknot,"I had to google how to talk to women and get married.10/10 just like real lifeedit: turns out you can have children. had to google how to make that happen too, i couldn't figure it out. still a real life sim."
,Recommended,413150,26154238,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,PsychoFox,"I totally recommend this game.Before the promised 1.11 update, I played for almost 90 hours with little break.My job allows me to do so, haha.This last version helps with a ""issue"" (personally, I don't care too much about this aspect, thus I wouldn't call this a issue) with the replayability.After the 80th hour, I felt that there was little to nothing to really do in the game anymore. I reached a point were the only thing at my horizon was to make my farm HUGE in profit, maybe f*ck my marriage by getting way too well with the others in town and finish some unfinished quests.This is were the lack of replayability would bleed a little the potential of the game.There was no way to move your buildings once built in your farm. You would have to, in order to reorganize your farm - for aesthetics or to time optimization -, move everything (animals included, maybe sell them) to demolish the building in question, so you could rebuild it with your new and improved farming techniques.After the 3rd year, though, you would have to use your golden guts to do so - I hadn't courage, haha. It was going to be too complicated.By this time, some players would probably create a new save and start over. I tried, but missed my old farm before my 1st hour in the new save, with a new character, was completed.I decided to wait for the 1.1 update - it was on its way - with the sensation, though, that the game had already lived up for it's price, for the concept and idea of the game was beautifully thought and executed.If the 1.1 update's fate were to never see the light of the day, I would already be satisfied. Maybe even dreaming with a Stardew Valley 2.But it came!I got back to the game and I'm happy to tell that this free update does much more for the game, the replayability, for the characters of the town and for your farm than most of the paid DLCs of most games nowadays does.This update actually makes the game looks way too much cheap, haha.You can now reorganize easily your farm, do some new quests, expand the farm in new ways with new buildings and interact with some characters that previously to this update wasn't possible.Now, also, the game has different farm maps that totally represents the different ways to play and profit in Stardew Valley. This feature totally valorizes the replayability of the game, since selecting different farm maps in different saves will surely change completely how you play your farm.At least:I would recommend this game even before the update. I played for almost 90 hours and was completely satisfied.But with the 1.1, this game is a must-have - specially if you miss good Harvest Moon games and have a crush on RPG.Do not fear: your money will be valorized with this game.(And I don't even talked about the incoming co-op mode! Haha)---------Expanding a little about the incoming co-op mode@Lappro, this is the result of your request (:I was just thinking that it might be a good idea to wait for more information to come out before it, since I don't know exactly how it will work out. So this part of the review is more of a reflection of what the future could bring, haha.There is already a way to play it co-op using MODs, but I haven't tried it yet. Saw some gameplays with it and, for me, the bugs would much rather damage my hype than satisfy it.Making a long story short: The distributor Chuckle Fish is working on translation as well as the co-op mode, while the creator (Concerned Ape) is fully focused in creative content. He, alone, worked on this 1.11 update.Maybe, taking in consideration the work so far invested, is safe to say that with the co-op mode will come as well some new content to deepen the multiplayer experience.I say this because, while I would love to play with my bride, I can see the game becoming too easy as well - since the simple possibility to share the tasks would nearly double your energy bar (meaning that you would do twice in a day what you normally would be able to). This taking in consideration only a 2 players co-op. If it allow more to join... Well, the logic is simple do apply here.All this, though, would not, in any way, ruin the experience.Exploring the dungeons (to gather resources or fight some creatures to complete some quests) or expanding your farm with more people will surely be entertaining.With the 1.11 update came somethings that can be used to create some hostility in your farm. A map and a ""spell"". I haven't tried it yet, but it makes enemy creatures come to your farm at night. I'll certainly try these new features with my bride (:I will expand my review with these information and more once the devs give us some new updates towards the incoming mode (:---------Off Topic:Sorry for any typos, english is not my native language (:"
76561198048468195,Recommended,413150,24663748,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,PrimoLion,">Be mexican dude>Marry Penny, a white woman>Get black son>Glare at Demetrius, the only black man in the community10/10 would be cheated on again"
,Recommended,413150,25733901,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Future Gohan,"Sow seeds in the ground, harvest potatoes.Sow seeds in your wife, harvest kids.Life is a giant farm."
,Recommended,413150,21586721,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Miki,"I wake up at 6am to begin my day and water my crops. By 11am I am too exhausted to do anything and sleep for 19 hours, completely neglecting all social life, just like in real life.11/10 immersion."
76561198274243147,Recommended,413150,29803805,Posted: 9 February,all,Septendecim,Warning: 90% possibilty that if you start this game you may not see the light of day for many many weeks.10/10 way too addictive
,Recommended,413150,25628944,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,The AuDacity,"Being a fan of harvest Moon and Story of Seasons, I was excited when I heard this game was in development.  Fast forward a couple hundred hours later, and I must say, worth the purchase price."
,Recommended,413150,23740814,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RedRaven,"Everyone who has ever enjoyed Harvest Moon: This is your game.Everyone who wants a bit of relaxation: This is your game.Everyone who wants a game, where a single developer has really put his heart into: This is your game.I can safely say that neither the 80 hours I've put into this, nor the 97% postive reviews, nor the 14 Euro pice tag were a mistake.If you're still uncertain: Just take a look on the broad variety of YouTube videos out there, and then decide."
76561198035693251,Recommended,413150,23861665,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,golakka crawler,extremely realistic game!asked everyone in town to danceeveryone rejectedwatched on the side alone as they danced
76561198022113135,Recommended,413150,30885102,Posted: 1 April,all,chuck,"Love this game. Have been moving away from competitive, stressful games as I like pursue relaxing gaming experiences and this fits the bill. Plenty to do and very satisfying."
,Recommended,413150,22331901,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Darkin20,"This game... this game will suck the life out of you one season at a time and you will love it!If you are looking for a relaxing farming simulator, this is it.If you are lookig for a relationship simulator, this is it.If you are looking for a procedurally generated dungeon crawler, this is it.If you are looking for an exploration game, this is it.If you are looking for a fun fishing game, this is it.If you are looking for a game that makes you feel good and frustrated at the same time, this is it."
,Recommended,413150,25243688,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Pickles,"Don't buy this game.I know, that's weird to read from a review that recommends the game. Hear me out.You're probably like me and have hundreds of titles in your backlog, games you've never beaten, heck, games you've probably not even installed yet. If you buy Stardew Valley, they are going to stay there for a long time.This game is charming in a way that is honestly hard to describe. On the surface, it looks like a game that could only be described as work. Starting from nothing, you toil away on your newly inherited farm and try to make an honest living. The feeling when you clear your first plot of land and start a tiny farm with 9 potatoes that you have to manually water each day when you first get up feels oddly satisfying. You start to get into a routine, each day, you wake up, you pet your cat/dog and you dilligently go out to your potatoes and make sure they get the love and care they need to grow up and become big and strong, eagerly awaiting the pay off of your labor.Days go by, you meet the people of the town one by one and learn all of their stories and quirks. After a few days, you realize all of these other characters have their own lives they are going about too. You start to develop relationships with them and they start to feel like a community that is fun to interact with and slowly become a part of. It's another part of each in game day you start to look forward to.But, we haven't forgotten about our lowly potato plot. The day has finally arrived! You pluck those nine potatoes out of the ground and proudly walk them into town to sell to the local merchant. He happily buys them from you and you notice that you now have a little more money than you originally started out with. This time you buy 9 more potatoes and 9 melon seeds. You run back to your farm, clear another plot of land and plunk your hard earned seeds into the ground.This is how the game gets you. The slow trickle of progress. The thought of wonder about what waits around each next discovery and the slowly growing farm you personally develop in any way you see fit. If ever there was a game about farming that had the ""one more turn"" mentality instilled, this is it.Pretty soon, you notice hours are going by and you've stopped playing all your other games here on Steam. Counter-Strike? Fall-Out 4?  Grand Theft Auto V? They all fall to the wayside so that you can spend more time on your ever growing farm in Stardew Valley.This game will leave an indelible mark on you and your gaming time that you will remember long after you achieve and see everything there is to offer inside of it.So, in closing, as I started by saying : Don't buy this game...unless you want to really have an amazing experience taking part in a world that you won't forget any time soon. It's truly a remarkable game that WILL take up as much of your free time as you will allow and I personally guarantee that you will enjoy every hour of it."
76561197972441856,Recommended,413150,21582937,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SnakeEyes,"I'm 37, have never heard of ""Harvest Moon"", and think Stardew Valley is FANTASTIC!The game was released on Feb. 26. Today is March 2, and the developer (ONE FREAKING PERSON) has just released the 4th patch. I have a handful of AAA games that are over a month old still waiting for ""a"" patch...Give this guy $15. Even if you do not like this game. Give him $15 and consider it a future investment. He is going to do great things!"
,Recommended,413150,32397527,Posted: 13 June,all,𝓓𝓸𝓸𝓭𝓵𝓮𝓼 ☆,"I was really weary on whether or not to buy this game because I thought it would be another point and click farming RPG game... but it turned out to be so more more than that! It's a beautiful slice of life game with so much to offer! I completely love Stardew Valley now! The storyline, mechanics, and characters are well drawn out and amazing! Not to mention, you will become very, very addicted to this game. I can't wait for the option of multiplayer games now! ^^ I definately recommend this wonderful game for all you RPG lovers out there. ♥"
76561198097859328,Recommended,413150,32893612,Posted: 27 June,all,Cocobear,Just one more day and then I'll stop...
,Recommended,413150,21579198,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Syd Zedler,"It's like the guy played Harvest Moon and was like, ""Yeah. I could do that better."""
,Recommended,413150,31476563,Posted: 30 April,all,Caldaria,"Stardew Valley is one of those games that sound incredibly boring but are super enjoyable.You are a farmer and your job is to get your grandfather's old farm up to snuff.To do that, you need loads of money, which means you'll have to do loads of farming.You can try out different seeds, build helpful tools, cook meals, explore the mines, hang out with the villagers, go fishing, or help rebuild the community center. Like I said, it doesn't sound very interesting, but once you start playing, you'll understand why so many people love this game.Note that schedules and time management are an integral part of the game.You can only do so much during any given day and your character has a stamina bar that must never run out (you will be punished for fainting or falling asleep outside).It's a bit of a pain at first, but once you know the terrain and develop a routine, it becomes second nature.Highly recommended because there really isn't anything like it on PC."
,Recommended,413150,24236263,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,it's💀shoepacabra,I spent my wedding night breaking rocks in the desert in search of the last piece of a quest to get a legendary sword made out of space. She'll understand when she sees how cool the sword is.10/10
76561198101670019,Recommended,413150,21845554,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,tikiman572,"A Typical Day in Stardew Valley:- Wake up.- Watch my morning shows.- Go outside and check my mail. Hey, Kent sent me a letter bomb again. Quaint.- Check on/harvest crops and fruit trees.- Discover that a meteorite has crashed into my farm in the middle of the night and, while wondering why I did not wake up from the force of the impact, let alone the sound of it, or why none of the other villagers from Pelican Town heard/came to see what had happened, I decide to mine it, more likely than not exposing myself to cosmic radiation in the process. Best case scenario, I become a super hero. Worst case, I get cancer.- Go and tend to the animals.- Brew some alcohol, because I'll need to celebrate if I become a super hero or drown my sorrows if I get cancer from mining that meteorite.- Head to town.- Chat up the local townsfolk, regaling them with tales of mining meteorites and avoiding certain death from numerous letter bombs from unknown assailents.- Wait for the townsfolk to leave.- Raid their garbage like the hobo super hero/cancer patient that I am. Sweet, Joja Cola!- Take on a job from the bulletin board. Those slimes are going down.- Head to the mines.- Scream death and havoc as I wade into glorious combat with my foes.- Get slimed.- Pop a few mushrooms to restore health and energy. Wonder why I'm not trippin'.- Report back to Mayor Lewis, a job well done. Hey, since when did Mayor Lewis become a walking spatula with a Groucho Marx mustache and... oh, FINALLY the mushrooms are kickin' in.- Stumble back to the farm after having an adventure in who knows where because of those mushrooms, and climb into bed, thinking tomorrow will certainly be even better than this one.- Sleep through a witch unsuccessfully egging my chicken coop.10/10, would mine meteorites again."
,Recommended,413150,33582026,Posted: 16 July,all,xxChronosSx,We want the multiplayer!!
,Recommended,413150,35035401,Posted: 17 September,all,Ben D.Knee,"Definitely a game I would recomend to those who have a lot of free time on their hands and love simulator games. Between farming, mining, and getting to know the villagers one can rarely get bored. Considering the game is made by one person it is a pretty well rounded game that is witty and unpredictable. Love it!!so 10/10do yourself a favor. Play it."
76561197972026478,Recommended,413150,21595599,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Wahsteve,"If you enjoyed any of the Harvest Moon games, or farming sims in general, then you'll LOVE Stardew Valley.Pros:*Great Atmosphere*AMAZING Soundtrack*Interesting and varied NPCs, each with their own schedules/routines around town*Different types of refined/artisinal goods that allow you to customize and specialize your farm*A moderate learning curve that makes failure nearly impossible but success both challenging and rewarding*Animals are cute :3*Crafting and skill systems*A slew of objectives and unlockables that add a great sense of progression and keep you entertained even after you're financially stable*fishing, mining, foraging, and ""adventuring"" can be somewhat profitable and present a good distraction*upgrade and decorate your farm and houseCons:*a few minor edge-case bugs, but nothing game-breaking*the game can ONLY be saved between days, preventing both save-scumming and save/quitting during a day*once you marry someone, your spouse generally loses most of their personality and turns into a domestic robot that abandons their previous routinesDefinitely a great game in its own right, and the developer is very active on reddit and elsewhere.10/10 would desperately eat algae for energy again."
,Recommended,413150,21587294,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,=7Cav=SSG.Markel.Z,"Met girl of my dreams.Gave said girl some quartz.""How did you know I was hungry?""Dafuq. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,30402800,Posted: 8 March,all,garnc,"Don't even think twice about buying Stardew Valley, it's everything a game should be and more. No wait time, no pay to win, no paid vital DLC, a solid story & emotional attachment along with a very welcoming, immersive, and cozy feel to it.Adding to that, this game sports some beautiful retro-style graphics which I simply adore, seemingly endless content, gameplay that can be taken at your own pace, beautiful music to suit the current area & time of year, & amazing writing which truly draws you in and ensures you form real bonds with the NPCs.This masterpiece will always hold a special place in my heart when it comes to gaming."
,Recommended,413150,23545391,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Chickey,"I definetly recomend this game!The things that make the game exellent is you can do whatever you want at your own pace, its a very relaxing game in my opinion, But if you want a more cambative game you can head into the forest or the mines! Another thing I liked about the game is you can fit yourself into the town, you can chat and gain relationship points everyday and end up settling down and having kids! Everybody has there own story with this game you can choose from many characters to marry or become friends with you can explore the mysterys of the town hall and the mines, or you can have a peacefull life planning out your farms layout upgrading your house and buying animals to take care of. Also the game is a lot like Harvest moon, but at the same time not I would play this game over harvest moon anyday! But it still has the shipping box the foraging macanic and relationship bar! Another thing i liked is the customization! you can pick from 100+ shirts hair accesories and more you can choose your prefrance of dogs or cats {If you play the game you know why they do that ;)} And More! Btw The creater Makes many updates improving the game! SO HAVE FUN!My rating 10/10!!!!"
,Recommended,413150,21578481,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,About12kittens,Where did the time go.
,Recommended,413150,25774203,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Zilof,"Just started Year 2, and a smidge over 60 hours played right now, so I think I've played enough at this point to give an honest opinionI like simulator games, but Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing both tended to lose my interested after a while. They got very grindy to say the least, or just boring. I think Stardew combines both very nicely, and adds some good old dungeon crawling to boot ( I hear Rune Factory also did this well, but I've never touched the series so I can't compare ).I'll do my best to list the pros and cons as I saw them.Pros:- Music is very nice and fitting for the seasons. What adds to this too is the music isn't -constantly- droning on. The game breaks up the music with just moments of silence with ambient sounds. This really helps break up the monotony and keeps you from getting sick of the music too quickly. Other than that, its just rather nice.- Time stops while paused. Not sure if this is a constant in farming simulators, but still a nice feature so you can leave it up and go afk.- Exploration and dungeon crawling is rewarding. Not only do enemies drop good resources, but the mines contain a tremendous amount of ore. The further you go down, the more plentiful. Not to mention it will record every 5 floors you go down, so you don't have to restart from the beginning. ( Getting a reward every 10 floors is also a nice incentive )- Plenty to do. Between the farming and dungeon crawling, there's goals to accomplish inside the Community Center. In the same fashion of the floors of the dungeon, you get rewarded for completing these tasks/packs. Some better than others, but most have been very worth it.- Leveling up skills reaps nice skills. You can essentially build your farmer to be proficient or do better in certain aspects of the skill, netting you a lot more gold depending on how you plan on playing. Maybe you want foraged things to be worth more, or maybe you want to have a chance of picking up two every so often.- Getting married is also kinda nice. I mean yeah same old Harvest Moon has bee doing that forever. But its nice your character can marry any other character that is single. Just keep shoving salads in their face and they'll be all yours ( they also help you out every so often ).- Its very open-ended, no oustanding or time-constraining goals you need to accomplish or you fail. Which for someone like me who wanted to just have a nice wind-down game, this was great.- There's also a butt-ton of references and easter eggs, if you like that stuff ( I sure do ).Cons: ( I generally tried to take something positive from these though )- Personally I found the penalty for running out of HP in the mines to be a tad steep. Lost about 1/3 of my items, 2500G and the memory of the previous 11 floors, so I had to do them all over again before being able to advance again. Overall it wasn't a big deal and I'm more careful now, but at the point I was in when it happened it was very detremental.- Unless you really stay on top opf the rest of your farm, trees and debris are gonna multiply BIG TIME. The hole western side of my land was just a mess of these full grown trees from out fo nowhere ( it felt that way anyway, where'd they come from?! ).- Character options ( really just shirt wise, since that's the major thing outside the hair ) felt a tad samey and just switched the color most of the time. Don't get me wrong there's over 100 options and I applaud that, just they didn't seem very different from each other.- A lot of the bachelors and bachelorettes just came off to be... kinda really unappealing. Just their attitudes and personalities were hard to like in most cases. This is completely subjective though. But I found myself half the time just going ""Wow, you are a really intolerable person"".- This game is gonna eat up a LOT of your free time. Or maybe that's a pro. Either way, beware!Overall if you're itching to play a really good farming simulator, and have enjoyed games such as Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing, I'd totally recommend giving this a go. I'd say its worth is price of $15. Even though there are not so great aspects of the game, I think the good parts greatly outweigh the bad. You can usually take something positive from the experience. Mostly the game is fun, and in the end that's what matters. If you can have fun with it, you're gonna enjoy it."
76561198027774920,Recommended,413150,21592672,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Peanut_Texas,"Wow, what a good game. I've bought several AAA $60.00 games and been very disappointed. This game is 15 bucks and blows them all away.Mini games? Check.Farming? Check.Quests? Check.Dungeon stuff? Check.Mining? Check.Crafting? Check.Weather? Check.RPG elements? Check.Addicting ? Check.11/10. Why can't a 60 dollar game do this?"
,Recommended,413150,24552337,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,suikoder,"Can it possibly be the best Harvest Moon game?Yes, it can!It only does everythingCAUTION: hella addictive"
,Recommended,413150,24374910,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ｄｅｆｅｃｔ,"Stardew Valley deserves all the praise it has gotten. Never since Terraria has a game completely taken over my life to such an extent that I've spent literally days of my life playing it. I can't even imagine how many more hours I'll have logged when multiplayer is released. I can't recommend this game enough.PROSLimited but enjoyable storySeemingly endless replayabilityA wide range of activities and questsWell-made, charming graphicsMade by a very friendly and attentive developerCONSYou need to consult the wikifrequentlyin order to get anything doneThe rarity of certain items needed to complete quests is frustratingTL;DRA feel-good, engaging, life-consumingly addictive farming simulator with endless replay value."
76561198123713808,Recommended,413150,30785449,Posted: 27 March,all,User Denied,">Launched game>Made a blue-skinned demon to play as>Greeted by Carpenter>Mayor appears after rummaging around through new house>Carpenter mocks house, made mental note to kill her later>Clear some farm space and pass out from not knowing when to stop chopping>Doctor fines me the next morning, made mental note to kill him too>Chops more things but is weary of energy this time so goes into town>Found the Doctor's office and Carpenter's shop, looked for matches but failed in finding them>Found Hobo, gave Hobo a flower I found in the ground, Hobo was pleased>Decided to make Hobo my confidant>Cave opened a few days later>Killed a thing, it dropped a bomb>Decided to kill enemies with bombs>Died attemtping to kill things with a pickaxe>Hobo saved me, was glad to have him as an confidant>Mayor tried to subtly hint that he wanted the new farmer to fix the community center>Decided it wasn't worth the time or effort and never returned>A local Wizard sent letter in mail>Went to wizard tower which was surprisingly small on the inside>Wizard force fed herbal potion onto farmer>Farmer was tripping for at least half an hour>Farmer became the Lorax and was able to communicate with nature ghosts or something>Disregarded this because already set mind to ignore the community center>Tried to hire Wizard as another confidant, he was more difficult than the Hobo>Attempted to murder enemies>Carpenter was around too many bystanders, went for Doctor>Threw the bomb right near the Doctor's feet, but to no effect>Decided to ruin his life in other ways if not able to kill him>Gifted him sap, he was disappointed, the plan was working>Went to the beach after a week of not going to the beach>Found Elegant man with a beach house>Decided to become lover of Elegant man with beach house>Brought Elegant man a parsnip, he was pleased, plan was working>Elegant man confronted about being gay>Went on a date>Kissed>Did not expect to get this far>Proposed to Elegant man with a necklace>Elegant man accepted necklace>Got married>Carpenter and Doctor didn't attend the wedding>Befriended a dwarf in the mines and a shadow creature in the sewer>Wanted to convince them to join forces and kill the Carpenter and Doctor>Dwarf and Shadow did not understand my subtle hints>Wizard came and confronted us three, diffused tension between Dward and Shadow>Was sad because Carpenter and Doctor still livedThis is the story of how one demon farmer befriended a hobo and married a man with a beach house, struggled to kill the enemies he made in town, and never really did anything super productive like farming."
76561197985368940,Recommended,413150,33142008,Posted: 2 July,all,They Call Me Josh,"Just started playing this game, but its a whole lot of fun, and a steal @ 8.99 on the summer sale.  A definite must buy."
76561198098177594,Recommended,413150,26271074,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,❤Librarian♥Ⓜⓘⓐ♥♏,"If you like farming games, you are almost guaranteed to like this game. Great to look at, easy to play, great music and it's relaxing and fun.I love it either way, and have put a lot of hours into playing it. :D"
,Recommended,413150,21518306,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,tulkas,"Do you remember harvesting carrots in 1997? The glow of SNES Harvest Moon on a Yamaha tube television warmed your face as you toiled under a friendly Spring sun. Behind you in the kitchen, your parents exchanged urgent whispers -- you couldn't catch much, but it was hard to miss ""When do we tell him?"" and ""It's treatable,"" amidst your mother's tears.You got a Gameboy that Christmas, which proved a welcome companion to every roadtrip in your family's faded red minivan. Harvest Moon GBC allowed you to keep harvesting carrots and picking flowers throughout 1998, the hum of wind against the passenger side window accompanying the game's serene soundtrack as you were driven around town to various doctor's offices and radiation treatments (which your mom promised wouldn't turn her into a lizard-person, even though you thought that would be okay. Lizards were strong, and their tails grew back -- what was wrong with that?)In 1999 you got a Nintendo 64. You tried hard to smile when you opened it, even though you didn't feel that happy. Your mom wore wigs now, and even though you still thought she was beautiful she always disagreed when you or your dad told her so. Somehow, petting a cow and harvesting more carrots made you feel a little bit better about it all.In 2003, you graduated high school. Your mom was too sick to attend the ceremony, but you knew she was proud of you. You unwrapped your graduation gift on the foot of her hospital bed, inside lay a used Gameboy Advance and Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town. You spend the rest of the night crying under your bedside lamp and planting carrots. College and all the changes it brings is only one season away -- but at this point, you figure more change can't possibly be bad.Working your way through college, you graduate in 2008 -- a semester late, and a delay which you chalk up to life's constant ability to surprise us. Who could've guessed that your hand-me-down minivan would need a new transmission and new brakes just two weeks apart? Despite all the challenges, you graduate with honors. After the procession, you find your father waiting for you in the parking lot. He gives you a big hug and makes a joke about how today is the last day anyone in your family can wear a dress in public. Even though it's a graduation gown, not a dress, you humor him with a chuckle.Once you get home, Dad slips you a small box adorned with red string tied clumsily in a bow. ""It's not much, but it's all--"" you cut him off, assuring him it's perfect. You don't even have a Nintendo DS, but you find one listed cheaply on Craigslist and agree to meet the seller in the parking lot of the local Dairy Queen. You bring the gifted copy of Harvest Moon DS: Island of Happiness along with you, so you can make sure the console works fine -- which it does.Three hours later, you realize you're still in the parking lot of Dairy Queen -- choking back tears as you struggle against the game's poor implementation of the stylus and sluggish movement speed. Maybe you were wrong, maybe more change meant things getting worse and not better. You shove the DS into the glove compartment where it rattles for the entire drive home.Over the next 8 years, life continues to surprise you. You meet a girl in the lobby of your office building. You offer to share your homecooked lunch with her the next day if she shares her homemade apple pie today. She reluctantly agrees. Two years go by, you give her plenty of flowers and take her on plenty of dates. You ask her to marry you. Again, she reluctantly agrees.You find a new place and move in together. Your old red minivan dies and you buy a new car together (well, the car was used -- but it was still new to you.) You get a promotion. She quits her job. You start a garden in your backyard to spend more time together on weekends. She buys twelve types of herbs for her side. You plant carrots. Lots of carrots.Before you know it, it's 2016. Your daughter just celebrated her third birthday. She finally fits into the blue dress Grandpa gave her for Christmas -- you send him a picture of her wearing it with a message that reads ""Looks like I won't be the only one wearing dresses in the family anymore."" He responds, ""What?"" -- but you call him to remind him of your conversation back after your college graduation and he laughs. You swap fond memories of mom til your wife appears in the doorway to ask you for help tucking Lucy into bed. After reading a bedtime story, you decide to hop on Steam and play something before you hit the hay yourself.Stardew Valley pops up on the front page. You buy it on a whim and start a new game. The screen fades in on a sickly family member lying in bed, handing you one final gift before they depart. That gift is a deed to an old farm and a new life. You take a survey of the land and begin farming, exploring caves, and harvesting carrots. It's as if Harvest Moon has changed again, only this time for the better. As you toil under the Spring sun once again, you finally feel at home."
76561198306695892,Recommended,413150,29959061,Posted: 16 February,all,Karl Stefanovik,Don't think twice about buying this game. It's the best $15 you'll spend.You just don't know when to stop playing once you start playing.
,Recommended,413150,25369670,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nume smecher,"200 hours on this game so far, and more coming.Let's see what i learned:-You can sell an Emerald for 250 g and a Pizza for 300 g.-To make someone like you, you will have to give 'em tons of gifts. Nothing else, just give them gifts.-Some of the villager consider diamonds ""The worst gift possible""-Your horse and dog don't need food and water to survive, but your chickens/cows/etc do.-There are more easter eggs and secrets than the amount of braincells i got.10/10"
76561198027998498,Recommended,413150,21581943,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Darkestrose2005,"Just amazing, I've been playing it nonstop and it's by far the best 15$ i've ever spent."
,Recommended,413150,34701303,Posted: 2 September,all,Khalamity Jane,I used to have a family. Now I have a farm.10/10 💗💗💗
,Recommended,413150,21669190,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Astider,"Pros- Harvest Moon-like gameplay- The bag is larger than Harvest Moon- Can step on crops (mostly)- Can dig trashes when you're hungry- Many kinds of foragable goods and fish- Fishing minigame is challenging- Funny event, interesting plots- Monster hunting!- Quests!Cons- I lost my weekend"
,Recommended,413150,22215903,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ReadingLies,"IntroductionAt first glance it might look like a simple 2D clone of Harvest Moon, but the game gives more than what meets the eye. As someone who has been immersed with the gameplay for almost a week now, the only thing that I could say is to bid farewell to your personal life and have fun.GameplayThe game starts off with you talking to your grandfather and him handing over a letter that will give you the chance to change your lifestyle in the future if you ever so desire.Years later on, you are living in the city and working as an employee of a grand corporation named ""Joja Corporation"", but feeling empty inside. That was then when you remembered what your grandfather left you and took the chance to start a new life with nature.Welcome to Stardew Valley!In this game, you play as a village farmer who inherited the land from your grandfather. After the introduction, you will also start with the basic version of tools that you need for growing and maintaining your farm (which can be upgraded with the required items and money through the town's blacksmith) and some cash to purchase the things you need (which is basically money to buy seeds).Each season will cycle on a 28-day basis, which also has you limited on the crops that you can sow and harvest (aside when growing them inside the greenhouse). Weather also changes depending on the prediction from the forecast which will help you on planning the tasks you need to do as the game progresses.Aside from the farm, you can also interact with the other villagers (NPCs) by either helping them out from a certain request or by giving them gifts, which will help you in befriending them or even be intimate (only for those who have the [single] word below their icon on your list) if your relationship level is high enough.But not only that! You can also fish, mine ores, find and donate artifacts, raise farm animals, turn your crops or goods into products, forage fruits and flowers, or even explore dangerous caverns and mines and become a true adventurer!The ProsTons of Content- There are tons of things to work on this game aside from farming. May it be socializing with other people, fishing, excavating and exploring the mines, etc. This attribute pretty much sums up most of the great things this game as to offer, which also contributes to the second factor.Immersive Gameplay- I am not really certain which feature is the most prominent factor that makes this game addicting, but I am confident to declare that each and every single one of them works in harmony to bring out the best for its players.Great Audio- The soundtracks made for this game really fits the theme of each and every scenario it has to offer. Not only the soundtracks but also the ambience effects really make up the feel as a whole. The sound of the animals, the rustling of the plants, and flow of the water are just some to enumerate.The ConsMinor Bugs and Game Errors- Though it might not be game-breaking, the game still has a fair amount of bugs and errors that could be a point to improve on. Some of the bugs that I have encountered are showcased on my screenshots so feel free to check it when you have the time.Too Immersive Gameplay- You might think that this portion is a joke, but I am dead serious about this. For someone who works on a daily basis, I really don't have the leisure of playing games like before when I was still studying. I already spent my leaves for this month and cancelled a few meetings with friends and colleagues, and I am expecting worse to come. This game WILL take your TIME and if you don't have the WILL to sacrifice it, then at least stay away until you have some kind of long vacation.Repetitiveness- This is most likely the nemesis of every simulation game. After every year, there will be small additions to the cycle of the game to make it fresh as long as possible, but it is still inevitable that you will reach a stage where you can say that you have played enough.Final ThoughtsWell, I'll just save you the time and get straight to the point. If you ever had that one bit of interest when you saw this game,DO NOT HESITATE AND GET IT.Rating- 9.8/10This review was submitted forElite Giveaways, check us out for more reviews ranging from Indie games to AAA games."
,Recommended,413150,21573504,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bangafat,Don't wait for sale. Buy right now..!!!This Great game deserve to be sold at a higher priceThat's why i buy this game + soundtrackThis is perfect fusion between Harvest Moon and Terraria
76561198030698169,Recommended,413150,33138864,Posted: 2 July,all,allasta,Easy to spend hours playing
,Recommended,413150,21722020,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,When the sweet tea hits,"Friend: What are you playing?Me: Stardew Valley.Friend: What's that?Me: A fun game. :)Friend: Oh, it's farmville.Friend: Whatcha growing? Corn? XPMe: Nah, I'm fishing.Friend: WTF? I thought it was a farming game!Next DayFriend: What fish you've caught?Me: None, I'm mining.Friend: I thought it was a fishing/farming game!?Next DayFriend: Okay you been playing this game for three days straight. You need to stop.Me: Nah I'm playing DND in my friend house.Friend: Okay I'm buying this ♥♥♥♥.-Later on....-Me: Whatcha doing?Friend: Chasing after a train.Me: I THOUGHT IT WAS A FARMING GAME!?"
,Recommended,413150,21601396,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Excuritas,"[Description]Stardew Valley is an open-ended country life RPG in which you take over your grandfather's old farm in the same named city Stardew Valley. It’s best compared with Harvest Moon, as that is basically what it’s going for. ConcernedApe worked tirelessly for 4 years on this indie hit, somehow managing all components; the core coding and gameplay design as well as the music and visuals.[Pros]+ A developer that is currently updating the game daily; fixing the small bugs that are there, while also changing and expanding the game based on community feedback.+ Online multiplayer is coming soon (This will be epic)+ Cheap price tag of only 15$/14€, vs many AAA titles that have much less content.+ Huge time sink. Depending on what you decide to do, you could easily pour in a hundred hours if not more.+ Visual character customization. (Male/Female, Eye/Hair/Pants color sliders, tons of hair styles, etc. And your appearance can continue to change with equips found throughout the game.)+ Home interior decoration; move furniture wherever you like, apply flooring and wallpaper, etc.+ Farming simulation done right. Plan and design your very own farm, raise your crops, take care of your animals, etc.+ Buildings freely placeable on your farm; no fixed positions.+ The world feels alive. NPCs have their own schedules (going to different places at different times of the day), weather effects, and all sorts of small animals to stumble upon.+ Ability to get socially involved with the townspeople, even going as far as marriage.+ Lesbian/Gay marriage and love is possible; you can even adopt kids!+ Venturing deep into the mines, combatting monsters on the way and find ore to improve your farming equipment.+ Crafting and Cooking (Craft equipment that improves your in-combat abilities as well as your farming activities with over 100 recipes. Scarecrows, furnaces, bee hives and even dishes that temporary boost your skills.)+ Skills improve over time based on what you use, similar to Skyrim. Use the various mechanics often to increase your skill levels, with passive abilities to unlock at lvl 5 and 10.+ Awesome fishing mini-game that’s both challenging and rewarding, with swappable bait and tackles.+ Basic combat system with 3 equipment slots. (Reminiscent of Secret of Evermore and Secret of Mana, but without the charged attack.)+ Interesting and fun seasonal festivals to participate in.+ Find and donate artifacts to the local museum to get rewards (mostly special furniture).+ Over two hours of well suited original music that changes with the seasons.+ Xbox (Xinput) controller support, though keyboard and mouse works better to be honest.[Cons]- Mechanics aren’t explained very well, and there’s no real tutorial. Unless you’re following a guide of some sort, you’ll likely even end up restarting after getting a handle on all of the game’s nuances.- The game is very slow to start, mainly because of a lack of gold, though it does pick up later on.- Fast day/night cycle. It’s potentially too fast for some wanting a calmer experience, but mods can tailor this to your liking.- Limited energy for actions can be frustrating, primarily at the start when you don’t have much food on hand.- Minor bugs (The developer has fixed most of them)[Conclusion]A solid recommendation to anyone who has enjoyed the Harvest Moon series, Runefactory or any similiar game. You’ll enjoy this one for sure!Enjoyed this review? Curious for more recommendations by Excurious Curations? |Check it out overhere!"
,Recommended,413150,29110563,Posted: 8 January,all,MegaX,Totally undercharged. 10/10 would pay for DLC.
,Recommended,413150,22711494,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,P O L Y G O N,I should buy a land and farm for my whole life...
,Recommended,413150,30249646,Posted: 28 February,all,v23,"I havent' played much but I want to share something important about this game, please listen up. i've bought this game and first played it today on the 28th of feb, 2 years ago to the date, at the 28th of feb, my grandfather died.I really loved this man.The start of this game, hit me hard, the message from grandfather, was like having a glimpse of a message from my own grandfather. I can't bring myself to cry, but I am tearing up.Im sure this game will be wonderful, judging by all these reviews, I can't tell you anything new about it. just wanted to share. Thank you for reading."
76561198045764247,Recommended,413150,31847786,Posted: 19 May,all,GT,"To start off, I was initially hesitant to purchase this game because of my dislike for it's publisher Chucklefish. Also, I am not a big fan of farming simulation games, despite enjoying Harvest Moon and other city/empire building sims and 4X games. Most farming sims seem to reach a point of feeling like another job if you wanted to truly succeed, needing to follow a maximized layout for efficiency.That being said, Stardew Valley truly captured my heart for several reasons. It starts very much like Harvest Moon in that you sort of inherit a farmhouse and some land and you have access to a neighboring town with it's citizens to interact with. You do your farming duties as expected and try to make money to build structures common for a farm, upgrade tools, and interact with the surrounding environment and it's inhabitants within a seemingly short day/night cycle.What sets it apart from my expectations was how balanced the overall experience feels. There are tasks you will always want to complete, short and long-term goals to strive for, variety of activities to persue each day with little pressure to complete them aside from that which the player puts on themselves. There are seasonal and weather-specific items and events to find/catch/interact with, but they aren't vital unless you want them to be.The sprites, color palete, music, ambience and overall charm of the game are just right. You can spend most of your time just farming, and going that maximized layout route for highest efficiency if you wanted, though it isn't important. You can spend more time fishing, which is a fairly enjoyable mini-game if you can get the hang of it. You can forage and explore a ""dungeon-style"" mining areas with an acceptable combat system. You can get married to any townsperson with the (single) status, male or female, and have a family.When a game like this puts multiple suitors to choose from to form a more serious relationship, it needs to give each a variety of personalities and quirks. There are stereotypes, but they have a deeper backstory and feel more relatable to a player of any age and not so generalized to make them seem like cookie cut-outs with expected reactions and desires. There are adult themes, but presented in a way that is acceptable and understandable to anyone.Overall, it's a very solid game that is more than just a farming/family simulator, has excellent music, great time spent for enjoyment-per-dollar, plenty of goals to persue and achieve without seeming over-burdened or underwhelmed. Just enough feeling and charms without the need for feels.1-word review: Balanced."
,Recommended,413150,23644432,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Spreadsheet Hell,"It's goddamn heroin.No, but seriously.  It's fun.PROS:Much deeper than anticipated.Variety of activies to do, (i.e. fishing, farming, animal husbandry, adventuring).It's pretty gorgeous in a post-SNES kind of way.  Really charming graphics.CONS:Slow start.This game falls into the same trap that other games lately have, in that there is very little in-game documentation on how to get anything done as a beginner.  It's almost as though the developer just relies on you to go to the wiki.Overall, I give this game an 8/10 AFTER you get through the first hour or so and get your bearings."
,Recommended,413150,21862872,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review beloewor watch it here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anKqHAdTbyMTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Stardew Valley is a farming simulator RPG game with its core gameplay taken from Harvest Moon. There is A LOT to do, so you need to manage your time well as you tackle everyday farming life.The gameplay in Stardew Valley is open-ended, and each day, when you wake up, you decide what you want to do with your time. Before you do anything though, you may want to check out the bulletin board for any job opportunities, as well as the calendar for upcoming events. You will also need to be aware of your energy level. If you run out of energy, or it gets too late at night, you will become too exhausted, and you will pass out, only to wake, and find gold or possibly inventory items missing. Your energy is consumed when you perform most tasks. As you do the same tasks repeatedly, you will gain proficiency in that skill, which allows you to unlocks bonuses, such as crafting recipes. You will need to earn gold, and gather resources to build up your farm.Each year in Stardew Valley is 4 months long and lasts 1 month per season. When the season changes, all of your seasonal crops die. As you progress in the game, you will also be able to build new farm structures, upgrade your home, your tools, unlock new areas, and maybe even get married and have kids.You can farm the lands to grow crops, or raise and breed animals. You can also go fishing or if you’re looking for an adventure, you can head to the caves, and mine for precious minerals, but watch out for the monsters that live there. If you die, you will lose gold and random items from your inventory as well, so be mindful of your health bar! You can replenish health and energy by eating food, or by going to sleep.You can also head into town, and socialize with the locals. By giving them gifts each week, and especially on their birthday, you earn friendship with each one person. All of the characters throughout the game have their own unique personalities and routines. As the friendship improves between you, you can learn new things from them, and experience different events with each character, in addition to the seasonal town events.Pros:controls are fully customizablepixel-style graphics are done very well. The characters are cute, and everything looks greatbackground music is beautiful, and all of the sound effects fit perfectly with each part of the gameopen-ended gameplay with a lot of things you can do, when you want tothere are lots of mods for the game that take care of most of the things listed in the “Cons” sectionCons:to raise friendships can take a long time because you are limited to how many gifts you can give to each person per weekfishing mini-game can be annoying to dowith so much to do and explore, there were several things I wish I knew a lot sooner (I highly suggest reading the things people ‘wish they knew before playing’)losing items randomly if you die can be very punishing, and you may wish to restart your day from that mornings auto-saveThe story in Stardew Valley starts off with you moving out to the farm, left for your by your grandfather in order to start a new life, and build something for yourself. The story, its characters, all of the character interactions, and relationship developments are realistic, and believable. You really feel like you have purpose, and a chance to really do some good, not just for yourself, but for everyone else in the community.There is so much to do, but you have limited time, and energy each day to get things done. The game is very enjoyable, and very addicting! I often found myself saying “just one more day,” only to look at the clock, and realize hours had gone by.As far as replay value goes, each game can last days of real time, and you can keep playing the same game and constantly be upgrading, and improving. I can’t see wanting to replay it, but that’s because you get SO MUCH out of it in the first place and you don’t want to start over from scratch. So far, I have over 40 hours played, and I am not even finished all that there is to do.Conclusion:The price for Stardew Valley is very cheap for what the game has to offer. With how much time I have put into the game, and how much more there is still for me to accomplish. I could see myself paying twice what what the game costs, and still be perfectly happy with the purchase. The game is so well done in every aspect. So much passion, thought, and detail went into everything. The fact that this game was done entirely by one developer blows my mind. It’s truly an amazing game, and I would highly recommend this game to just about everyone.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
76561197980509670,Recommended,413150,21480543,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MrAceOfAce,"Made by 1 man, this game is well worth it's price!If you love harvest moon you'll love this game!The developer is working hard on multiplayer! He released the single player early because he felt like his fans deserved it.It will add many new intresting aspects to the already awesome game that is Stardew Valley! This developer deserves all the succes in the world.Buy this game fools!"
,Recommended,413150,21545763,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,$iti Boii,spend 5000G on seedsplant themseasons changeall plants died5000G/10 would lose gold again
,Recommended,413150,25134991,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,⎛⎝Fredo⎠⎞,Buying this game at full price is basically ripping the devs off.10/10
76561198206424955,Recommended,413150,24168751,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Backstab,"In a year, I learned:-Apparently you can find treasure chests with awesome swords in mountain lakes-Buying Joja Mart Membership can make you feel like a d***-Abigail enjoys eating quartz-Haley needs seaweed for ""classified"" reasons-You probably shouldn't put daffodils in soup-People automatically lose 100 IQ points when they enter a mazeOk, now for the real review.Considering I've already put a few dozen hours into this game over the course of mere days, I thought this would be the best game to write up my first review for.I wasn't expecting much when I bought this game on sale due to my natural American impulse. I'd heard the hype, of course, but I didn't think a farming game would be so interesting.To respond to past me, I was wrong as f***. So if you're on-the-fence about buying this game, BUY IT. It will be so worth your while that you'll play it instead of doing the other things that are worth your while.This one-developer game features:-Charming pixel graphics-Bundles and other collections that'll keep you exploring every aspect of the game-Mining, fishing and foraging to keep you busy so you don't have to literally watch grass grow-""Help Wanted"" jobs that can earn you a quick buck and build relationships-The ability to marry by giving someone the same thing twice a week-Constant buildings and house expansions to unlock cooking, babies and goats-Diverse and well-explained NPC personalities (considering you learn about them within a couple of dialogues and a few cutscenes)-A logical time system, allowing you to accomplish a logical amount of things in one day13/12 hearts with Sebastian husbando13/12 rating"
,Recommended,413150,29643216,Posted: 1 February,all,Or not 2B,"Sick of your life as a drone under the opressive Joja Corporation, you trigger a clause in your dying Grandfather's will that grants you legal ownership over his farm in Stardew Valley to start life anew, away from the bustle of urban society. His farm serves as your new home in Stardew Valley, a beautiful land where everyone is friendly, cooperative, and bisexual.Armed with basic farming tools and a packet of seeds provided by the mayor, your story begins. Catch fish, kill monsters, craft items, and ♥♥♥♥ over your most hated character by falling in love and marrying their crush (Take that, Haley, you thot). While farming is a staple of the game, and arguably its signature element, the amount of activities you can partake in to reap economic reward are hardly few and far between outside of farming. Mine for resources, cook a ♥♥♥♥♥on of pancakes, the choice is truly yours. And finally, utilizing every skill you could possibly master, use your newfound farming talent to take down the local Stardew branch of the Joja corporation (or join them and screw the town up).With well written characters and events, Stardew Valley not only hits all the marks it needs to in regards to its enjoyability, but it exceeds through keen music choices and themes to set the tone for the game and the characters within it.An excellent RPG title that you should be adding to your wishlist right now, Stardew Valley is an exceptional example of how graphics do not have monopoly over the games industry, and how simple games with simple subjects can be vastly superior to AAA titles reusing old cliches. With an active and caring dev, in addition to everything I've said earlier, Stardew Valley is among the greatest games I've added to my library as of late, and I strongly suggest you get it as soon as possible if you're a fan of Harvest Moon-esque titles."
,Recommended,413150,21777748,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sniper Wolfe,If only I was as productive in real life as I am in this game11/10 would keep harvesting pixels
,Recommended,413150,21765007,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ArtificialRaven,"Reminiscent of the Harvest Moon games, I've really enjoyed this one. I've put in too many hours,  lost a lot of sleep and messed up my social life up more than it already was with no end in sight.There's different kinds of farming in the game including ranching. You can make your own artisanal goods including wine, beer, jellies, jams, cheeses etc. and eat them yourself, give them as gifts or sell them for a profit. You can forage for different types of plants in the wild. You can fish all you want in rivers, lakes and the ocean. You can go deep into the mines for ores needed to upgrade your farming equipment, just be careful of monsters and bring a sword. There's even an experience system so you can level up and choose professions that better fit your playstyle, be it for livestock or for your fields, fishing or trapping and so on. And if all that wasn't enough, there's close to 30 people in town you can interact with, each with their own little events and stories. Marriage is an option too with 5 bachelors and 5 bachelorettes to choose from each with their own unique personalities. There's so much more and it's just amazing to me that this game was made by 1 guy and not a team.For me, this game came out of nowhere and has become a surprise hit. I recommend it for everyone. Even if you don't think it's your kind of game, try it anyway, you can always refund it within 2 hours provided you don't lose track of time."
76561198041495119,Recommended,413150,30979442,Posted: 6 April,all,Starletka,"A cute, highly addictive game, ideal for times when you want to put your worries behind and relax. There's a lot of activities to do, locations to explore, and characters to interact with, so you won't have a chance to start getting bored until you complete everything."
,Recommended,413150,21927822,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Izi Hokokai,"*bought the game**its 10.00 p.m*""Maybe ill play this game before going to bed""*play for 5 minutes*""Ok i need to re..., wait, i forgot to plant some crops""*play for another 5 minutes""""There you go, let see the time""*2.30 a.m*""Uh oh.""15/10 would waste my time again=========================================Nah, for my personal wish, just add more feature in this game :)*Seriously rip english, english is not my native btw"""
,Recommended,413150,23080062,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Jacen,"Stardew valley will never win any points for originality, but what it does, it does exceptionally well.It brings Harvest Moon, a very under represented type of game these days to PC, and it does it much better than the game that inspired it.This game is is thoughtful, addictive, relaxing and just plain fun to play.The music is also brilliant, you will be humming it's catchy tunes all day long."
,Recommended,413150,21990238,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Edvin™,"Game of the year, 2016."
76561198041734437,Recommended,413150,25626008,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Arienncia,"With so many failed Harvest Moon clones i was sceptic about Stardew Valley , however this game not only brings back that nostalgia , it surpasses HM completely . There isn't any aspect of this game that i didn't love . And there will be even more things added . I only wish i could also play it on my 3ds because this one is addicting as hell . Big plus for likable characters and cool town festivals . Creator even planned multiplayer , and still makes new things for this game ."
,Recommended,413150,24967044,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[KMod] Gevock,"Virtual Chores Are Funtl;dr7/10 Could stand to have more automation and relationships would be better if fleshed out or given more weightSo this is my first reviewthat I'm totally not doing for community badge reasonsof anything since high school, so bear with me.The story is your farmer grandpa died, gave you the deed to his farm, and told you to wait until the monotony of life was too much before revealing you have a farm. I'd rather have all the wasted cubicle years back, but whatever method you think is best gramps. You arrive to find your farm is all weeds and there's no clean all button. Not to mention there are a lot of people you don't know and what they want from you is also unclear. Which brings me to my first complaint...Consequences are not explainedYou could chalk this up to ""Learn by doing"" but there are some things that you want to know beforehand. I wish I'd known that putting coops and barns can be fairly permanent when starting. It's a costly lesson when you find out you can't move the barn somewhere more efficient or that your livestock prefer to eat grass which is hard to do when you place it right next to your crop rows. You also make permanent decisions early in the game without knowing the full weight of what you're doing. The cave, your chosen level improvements, etc. Second time around, things are going to go well, but my first run hit a point where I regretted half the choices I made, but there wasn't much to do about it. Not to mention, how many times I wasted valuable goods on people thinking they'd appreciate them. Which brings me to my second complaint.Relationships are complicated, yet too simplified""What does that mean though, mister conflicting statements?""Let me go get my pen and paper and I'll explain. First, you need pen and paper (or the wiki, I'm guilty) to remember what people like and luck (or the wiki, I'm guilty) to figure out what they love. Sure you get little hints here and there, but when you're limited to two dialogue lines per day, per person, it can be daunting to find useful information for everyone in a timely manner. So your alternative is to just give them stuff and hope they like it. But it's roulette. Barring a few late game items, everyone's tastes are wildly different. I thought people would like things that I poured blood, sweat, and tears into to get and they call it garbage. My gold star pomegranete is amazing, not 'eh'. That void essence you're holding required me risking my life to get and you could never hope to get any yourself, so don't call it disgusting. Valuable items aren't necessarily valuable to much of anyone except yourself. And it'd be nice to have each person's likes/loves/hates documented in game somehow. I doubt it'd be hard to make something visually pleasing and people would be less likely to spoil the lists online.Give me a tractor or farmhandsI love waking up and finding all my beautiful crops grown and ready for picking.Alllllllof them ready for picking. Water is automated by sprinklers which is a blessing, but you can easily spend your entire day seeding or harvesting. I know I can decidenotto harvest or seed to do other things, but when you have a large enough operation, it feels like they control your actions more than you do. You want to go work on that dungeon, but you also want to horde money like a dragon and want that deluxe barn because sheep are awesome. I know it defeats the purpose of virtual chores to have a way to shortuct them, but it'd still be satisfying to have farmhands (those Joja mart employees would do better with some sun anyway) to pick the stuff through the day or even a tractor to do mass seeding. It's slow going on your own with that giant plot of land. Minor complaint, but that's why this game is still highly recommended by me. That reminds me, I should mention why I love this game!It's Harvest Moon meets Animal CrossingThis is awesome! I get to design a house and create a plant-based empire. I get to find some hot girl and marry her (<3 Penny), but if I was inclined, I could choose a guy. A very progressive move that's luckily becoming more common in games. You can even make a family. There's also a nice variety of extracurriculars such as fishing, dungeon-crawling, gambling, cooking and some interesting backstory to find out for everyone. There's some pretty funny drama hidden in Stardew Valley.Progression is cleverly doneWith games like Stardew Valley, a common pitfall is losing steam and getting bored with having to make your own goals. You build your own pyramid and then you feel the tedium set in. Stardew Valley however, cleverly sucks you in with its Community Center: a decrepit buildilng inhabited by magic jelly monsters that help you fix it up by turning in goods you acquire throughout specific means. Completing bundled minor tasks leads to major rewards such as the beloved greenhouse, a building that allows you to grow any crop, regardless of season. I'm one bundle away from finishing the game, so I can't tell you what happens when everything is done, but the mystery will keep you going.Gameplay is solid, all-aroundYou will never feel like anything you do in Stardew Valley feels sloppy. Combat is retro. There's a block button, but you can usually dodge most monsters with a little bit of weaving. It could be argued it's too simplistic, but I prefer the Legend of Zelda feel. Following suit, fishing is easy to pick up, hard to master. Farming is pretty straightforward with tools that are upgradable. All in all, the result is soothing mixed with bits of flare. That being said, don't die in the dungeons. It is awful and terrible and I can not agree with the punishment the developers decided for it. See for yourself, if you dare.A perfectly soothing ambianceIf I wasn't such a productive farmer, I'd get space out and enjoy the music. I'm not such a good farmer that I was able to ignore the pitter-patter of the rain on my humble home's roof. The music is subtly charming while also engrossing and addictive. I find myself in the town's saloon, late at night, flipping through the jukebox, finding the song serving as my current earwig. They truly compliment the 16bit style of the game too. The pixel characters are also given detail with their dialogue portaits, making for characters that feel more rounded (bad pun fully intended). If you don't like the character portraits though, you can change it because...The game is highly moddableIt's surprising for a game like this to be moddable, but it is. I haven't delved deep into this, but judging from the available mods here on Steam, Stardew Valley is a canvas open to the creative interpretation of anyone with an idea. I'm seriously contemplating downloading the anime Penny of my dreams.In ConclusionThere's much and more left out of this review, but if you take anything away from this, please let it be this: your grandpa's wish is personified when you play the game. After so many overstimulating titles full of action, stress, and competition, it's nice to settle down and get away from it all in Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,413150,24409891,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Kero,"If there is a game made with heart, its this one. What can i say, Rpg/Farm/Minigames in one. Trust me, you must play it to see how amazing this is. It is like diamond packed in paper from candy, you must unpack it to see how good it is."
,Recommended,413150,29423304,Posted: 22 January,all,Timelocke,Don't buy this game because it was made by one man.Don't buy this game because it reminds you of Harvest Moon.Don't buy this game because it has pixel graphics.Buy this game because it is great.
76561198069073362,Recommended,413150,29958907,Posted: 16 February,all,Cattapillar,"This little gem has a special place in my heart.So many hours spent, so incredibly cozy."
76561198064472160,Recommended,413150,34130148,Posted: 9 August,all,noof,"Stardew Valley was rated a 10/10 on steam due to its amazing chillness and it's ability to take you away to a nonstressing farm that has chill music and a calm atmosphere. IGN Rated this game a 8.8/10 and that is slander. This game is almost an 11/10 it's worth whatever price they charge you. Buy it and you will find that this game is more than just a game. To me, it's therapy."
,Recommended,413150,21893092,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Zespyre,Finally know how 60fps gameplay feels like10/10
,Recommended,413150,29827898,Posted: 10 February,all,Dominick12987,It's very addictive and relaxing
,Recommended,413150,21531203,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,PrayzM,"Pirated the game, smashed rocks and chopped trees for 3 minutes...Bought it instantly.10/10 would buy again, can't say the same for Watch Dogs though."
76561198116555718,Recommended,413150,34492305,Posted: 25 August,all,Nephillem,I like melonsStardew Valley has melonsI like Stardew Valley
,Recommended,413150,22351990,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,CaveMonster,I cancelled my WoW subscription to have more time to play this game.  Its amazing.
,Recommended,413150,21836486,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DJCaseyD,"I'm not even sure where to start with all the positives about this game. I have a lot of games but for a long time now I have had a problem figuring out what to play, or when I did, I haven't played for long. This game changed all that. It has been a long time since I've actually had that ""just a few more minutes, that then turns into an hour and another..."" feeling. I have 19 hours already and I've only had the game a few days.It's been said a thousand times, but if you enjoy Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing, do not hesitate to pick this up. It is well worth the $15 and then some.  There is so much to do. Whether you want to walk around finding stuff, fish, farm, tend to animals, fight, etc., it's all here.  There is a storyline, but frankly, this game is more than the storyline and for the first time in a long time, I don't even care about the storyline. I'm more interested in the process.The graphics harken back to the days of SNES. Not to say they're horrible. They're perfect for the type of game this is. The fact that this was done by a one-man shop blows my mind. It's a great game and if DLC is done, I won't hesitate to pick it up.I could talk about the game all day, but really you need to do yourself a favor and try this game for yourself. You won't regret it.Edit: I have 129 hours in this game in less than 4 weeks. I'm not the kind of gamer to invest this much time in something unless it is really enjoyable. There is so much to do. It's the perfect blend of time management, RPG, and farming.  This is easily one of my favorite games of the last 10 years. It's that good."
,Recommended,413150,26005781,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Aine,"I think what makes this game so good (and perhaps so popular) is that it struck the perfect balance. It is a simple farming sim, social/town sim, old-school dungeon crawler (very simplified), and an achievement hunter's dream. None of the aspects of the game ever reach a point where they feel tedious or pointless. At no point did any one goal feel like it was unachievable, or that the time or work to make it happen outweighed the end result.Stardew Valley gives you just enough mini-goals at just the right frequency. You can take it as slow or as fast as you like. You are never punished for changing your mind about what goal to work on and the game is built in such a way that you can juggle several goals at a time without too much difficulty. I love being free to follow the game's quests and suggested tasks or to ignore them entirely. I can interact with the villagers, court them, make friends with them or ignore them completely without penalty. Each of the segments of the game (farming, mining/combat, socializing, collecting items) is just simple enough to invite you to learn them thoroughly and just complex enough to be interesting without getting to the point of feeling grindy.I should mention that I never played any of the Harvest Moon games, but I did play Animal Crossing on the Wii. This game shares a similar feel in the social aspects of Animal Crossing, but lacks the deep penalties in that game (in Animal Crossing if you fail to visit towns-people regularly or give them gifts they will get upset and move away!).I would highly recommend this game to anyone who plays casual farming sims, social/town sims. This game would also work well for people who like being handed small, easily achieveable quests at an easy pace or who wants to be able to change the type of play-style at a moment's notice (great for those who want/enjoy constant change of pace)."
,Recommended,413150,33156444,Posted: 2 July,all,AndyPeanutz,Fishing and foraging in this game makes time fly. In a blink of an eye 10 hours are gone.10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,413150,28797833,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,annoyιng wolғ,"This game is everything I've ever wanted and so much more!It is so wonderful to play, you can chose what type of farmer you want to be and I love that.You can even marry and start a family.Only problem with this game is I keep accidentally pulling all nighters because I'm enjoying it so much!10/10 Will continue playing this for a long time!"
,Recommended,413150,22976240,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,paktusjet,"With almost 300 hours on this game I muse admit that I'm a little addicted. There is something with doing simple farming that really relaxes your brain that I just love. I have roughly 80 games in my steam account and this games seems to be the go to when I just want to relax. I recommend this game for any age and I enjoy that the price is well worth it.  I was almost a little turned away after te first winter hit since I caught myself with nothing to do, but after the first year I was able to learn the ropes and prepare for the next winter so I had things to do. In my opinion this game is 9/10 and I love it :)"
76561198068806335,Recommended,413150,25043160,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,frogprincess_q4,"I cannot even express how much I love this game, nor can I easily define why I love it. It took me by surprise, really. With the bright colours and pixel art, I expected... I don't know what I expected, but I surely didn't expect to sink 70(waht???!!!) hours in the first week playing it. I'm trying to pace myself, but whatever else I do, I'm thinking about Stardew Valley.It's charming, funny and has a bit of everything: story, combat, family life, collections, unlockable areas, fishing, making friends, mining and let's not forget farming!Every season is different, so you have to pay very close attention to the calendar i.e. how many days until the change of Season, if I plant these crops will they mature before the change of season kills them?The calender is also vital for keeping track of whose birthday is next. Every villager likes different things so I do lean heavily on the Wiki to keep track of the best gifts to give them for maximum relationship gain, but I am learning a few favourites.There is no combat in the regular areas of the map, but when you feel the need for some dungeoneering there is 100+ levels of an abandoned mine shaft. Every 10 levels has a change of environment (leafy/frosty/dark/etc) in the mines and of course an increase in danger and reward. I'm only down to level 45 so far and besides the combat one of the greatest dangers is staying out too late and falling asleep.It took me a little while to get the hang of the combat system, but it starts out easy and once I realised that it's timing based and I learned the rhythm I found it pretty enjoyable. Fishing is also timing based and starts out HARD. If fishing is getting you down I recommend just doing it - not worrying about catching anything - until your character levels up fishing. Once I gained a few levels and learned the mechanics it's a very fun minigame.The save system and many of the random events are tied into the night-time sleep, so you HAVE to be in bed by 2am. If you aren't your character will pass out and will awaken in their own bed or in the hospital, but will be moderately penalised for it. The game will give you a reason for how you returned to your bed and lost things, there are a few variations. It's a frustrating mechanic in some ways, but it does add to the whole planning aspect, so it's not actually a gripe.I do have a slight gripe that saving ONLY happens when sleeping, but the days are quite short, so it's only been a few times when I've not been able to quit at the time that I wanted. My hours are inflated slightly by me leaving the game running if I need to do something and I'm not at a point where I can save, though.Stardew Valley has so many features and the many, many details of all those features are far too many to list. I didn't think that I could get into a game with pixel-art graphics, but I'm glad that I gave it a go. Everything about Stardew Valley has totally won me over, it's even won me over to the idea of pixel-art graphics in general.That's enough of a review from me, I need to go and play some more!100% Recommended"
,Recommended,413150,22604711,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Hopeless Henkka,The best part about this game is that it made me understand what it feels like to fall in love with a virtual characterThe worst part about this game is that I have to come to terms with the fact that Elliott isn't real
,Recommended,413150,21774570,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Scratch,"I'm not a big fan of reviews, and I rarely give my opinion about the games I usually buy, but... This one deserves it.I can remember of my sweet childhood... When I used to have a PS1, and I could play Harvest Moon: Back to Nature on it. Yeah, I was pretty addicted to the game, but... Unfortunately, one day, my console crashed. I felt bad, and... Ugh... I didn't want to play anything anymore.So, when I got a computer, I discovered the magic world of the emulators. Then, I realized I could revive the good ol' days playing Harvest Moon: Back to Nature. I downloaded the stuff, and started to play the game (with a controller, to make it more nostalgic). Too bad it hasn't the same taste as before. I didn't want to play it with the same vigour as before.So, last Monday (03/07), a friend that I made at my new college, recommended this game. He said I could buy it without any regrets. And you know what? He was right. I sold some of my most precious TF2 items in order to buy this game... But it worth the risk. I got something way more precious: this game. And now, I can have some of the taste I was looking for since my PS1 crashed long time ago.So, if you like an ""old-school"" game with a countryside thematic, like Harvest Moon, I strongly recommend it. I gurarantee you won't regret spending your money on this game. :)A little update: I'll nominate it for the ""Best Use Of A Farm Animal"" Award! :P"
,Recommended,413150,21503276,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Arch-er,"Hmm.... runs great on my GTX 970, no FPS drop, 10/10just kiddingok not kidding it runs butter smooth.pros:-girls are lovely :) I found this girl, inside the general shop, she asks me whether I have met her daughter with purple hair..... oh wait..-settings are nice (but houses are always facing downwards, no variety of ""3D"" looking).-musics are similar to HM somehow.cons:- Options are very limited, no graphic options tweaking etc. but Resolution is there, which is more than enough for this kind of game :)- Gifts are only available ONCE per day, meaning if you wrong press that rock inside inventory as gift, goodbye relationship.- NPCs won't talk to you once their dialogue has been exhausted.- Controls are weird for the first 15 minutes into the gameplay..I WILL UPDATE THIS AGAIN ONCE I GO DEEPER INSIDE THE GAME :)I want to say thank you Concerned Ape for making this game. For those who don't know, he made this game all by himself.Sole developer, you showed all those group developers what's the meaning of SHAME. You didn't release this on EARLY ACCESS incomplete Bull  shid game but Stardew valley is a FULL release. I really appreciate this :) you earned my biggest respect.Previous cons(issues solved):- (Thanks I AM ERROR and elasticdemad for pointing this out, you can walk through NPCs if you keep moving into them, their sprite will vibrate after half a second)There's this corridor where only 1 person can go in / out, if an npc is walking in the corridor you cannot go through the npc and must wait until he's in/out of the corridor.- (Thanks ArmyofDoom for pointing this out, there's button configuration: option > gamepad icon> scroll down)also I think there's no button configuration"
,Recommended,413150,21606908,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Ace [Bad Dragon],"Egh, Ill play for 10-15 minutes, just to see how it is...7 Hours Later......just... lemme just check on the chickens and water the plants! Then ill be done!5 Hours Later...... Ill just finish picking these crops and see how much gold I get from them....!... You get the picture. This game is addicting, there's never NOT anything to do. Can't believe how something so simple can be so addicting and fun! :D[Edit: Negative reviews are just people who can't understand aspects of game challenges, ignore them. :P ]PS: Can't wait to see what the future holds! :D"
,Recommended,413150,33334027,Posted: 6 July,all,L⊃U,"Before I got this game:Why the heck is this so popular? It's just a FARMING SIMULATORAfter I got this game:Just one more fish/One more levelAnd eventually, ""One more day.""...And then I never get to play other games.Because I'm addicted to this game af and never have time to."
,Recommended,413150,33141792,Posted: 2 July,all,Artur_G,"Stardew Valley is a mighty fine Harvest Moon clone for a PC. And on the PC that are has been dry as a desert. It's a must buy if your are a Harevest Moon fan. If you are not... well it's still a very good game that can swallow hundreds of hours. There is plenty of things to do: farming, mining, fishing, foraging, ranching. Besides that you can socialize with people. You can make beautiful farms or ones that bring in heaps of cash everyday. Try co complete challenges as fast as possible or take your time."
,Recommended,413150,21540529,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Linds,"I have never played a Harvest Moon where I didn't say ""Man, I wish they had done this differently,"" or ""Why didn't they include this?"" Or even ""That's annoying. I wish they had made that easier.""This game satisfies everything I ever wanted or wished could be different in a Harvest Moon, and it does it well.The other reviewers have done a great job of detailing why this game is great, so I'll add a personal thing I've noticed that is REALLY nice about Stardew Valley; you aren't rushed to finish. You aren't rushed at all. I have to keep reminding myself to chill out because there aren't any omg!time limits on things like other people attemping to marry my love interest or characters moving out if you don't meet their requirements, etc. The game is exceptionally satisfying in that I feel relaxed about the idea of playing into year two, three, four, etc. It's a great, new feeling, and I can't wait to keep playing."
76561198042981738,Recommended,413150,21578445,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Admiral Chocobos,I'm a Dota 2 player and I use this game to help me farm effectivley.Made my last hits so much better200 lasthits/10
,Recommended,413150,23079654,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mr.Tyger,"This game is practically:Cocaine mixed with crackHarvest moon on steroidsThis game will make you:Lose your girlfriend and get a virtual one(♥Haley♥)Quit your job to tend your blueberry cropssay one more day,Just one more day...and the thought of all this was the doing of one man is unbelievableTHIS GAME IS WORTH EVERY DIME"
76561198026783150,Recommended,413150,28720999,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GoldenDice,"I first discovered Stardew Valley when it was on the list of nominated steam awards, and at first, i shrugged it off, unsure what to think of it. The next day, i went back and looked again, and i took note of the 'Overwhelmingly Positive' rating the game had. From that, it was obvious people were enjoying the game and it made me make the decision to buy the game and see what it was like.From the first 5 minutes i played, i quickly became hooked, the game having much more depth than i had originally thought. The amount of heart put into such a calm, relaxing game really made it feel like something truly special. Every villager feels unique (There are a few stereotypes, but it doesn't exactly mean they are bad characters), and more often than not, it's the smaller details that took me by surprise which made me enjoy this game so much.Overall, i feel Stardew Valley is a pleasant and relaxing experience (as well as being surprisingly addicting to play) and if you're able to spare the money for it, it's well worth picking up. Chances are you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,413150,26012733,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tarja Preta,"I gave Abigail a diamond. She said: “Hey, how'd you know I was hungry? This looks delicious!”10/10 Would feed her a diamond again."
,Recommended,413150,21583727,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Exsul,"Just great. I could not stop playing. Have played without break 19 hours (I am not unemployed). For me everything was just perfect. The ideal relax after work: grow crops, raise animals, explore, skills and crafting with beautiful music and sweet graphic. It will simply never get bored there is always something to do. I am very happy with the game."
,Recommended,413150,33808571,Posted: 26 July,all,BeckiiAnne,"My favourite game. Totally addicted. Would play it 24/7 if I didn't need to work/eat/sleep. When I'm not playing it, I'm watching people play it on YouTube. I might need help."
,Recommended,413150,26585110,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,WarriorVet,"I'm sure every review already mentions the similarities this shares with Harvest Moon, and quite obviously does take inspiration from the series, so I won't mention that too much here, but this game does truly give you that nostalgic feel, and reminds me in particular of Harvest Moon: Back to Nature (which just so happens to be my favorite HM).Stardew Valley offers everything you can really want from this type of game. You start as normal in these games - with nothing but crappy tools and your first seeds. You progress the best you can to upgrade tools, build and upgraded buildings on your farm, and improve relations with fellow villagers. What truly sets Stardew Valley above the rest is the developers and modding community. Already the game had very much to offer, although end-game could be a bit slow. No fret, in no time at all an update was released that gave us MORE buildings, MORE villager interactions, and MORE end-game content that I won't spoil. The mods can do anything from allowing to to summon any item wherever you are (not really in the spirit of the game though IMO), to only changing visuals such as colors or character portraits.The downside I suppose to these games is that they simply might not be for everyone. The game can be a grind, and many times you'll find yourself doing the same thing day after day until you reach your goal. If visuals are a concern, Stardew Valley uses pixelated graphics which some love, others probably don't, although they perfectly fit this game. The colors are quite vibrant and amazing too. The soundtrack can be a bit dull at times, but there is actually a mod that adds quite a bit of music to the game.It's hard to find things about Stardew Valley that I don't like. Future Updates will always keep me coming back for the new content. Unless this isn't the genre for you, there is NO reason to not pick this game up, especially which the extremely low price tag."
,Recommended,413150,30130905,Posted: 23 February,all,Commodious Clump of Coconuts,"I absolutely LOVE this game. I will start off by listing some reasons to why I am obsessed with this great game.1.) The graphics are in a style that are sort of modern-retro pixel art.2.) The gameplay is AMAZING. Even though you are just farming and walking around, it never feel repetitive(except for winter before the Greenhouse).3.) For the cheap price, you are getting quite the full game here.4.) The music is spot on and makes you feel relaxed.5.) You can play the game at your own pace, making it more of a luxury to play than the attention hogging games of today.6.) There is so much to do from farming to making your own family all within this fairly small gameworld.7.) The writing in this game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good honestly. There are moments where you really feel connections with the NPC's in the game. At one point, I felt bad for one of them, where it got to the point that I would talk to them more than my love interest!All in all, this game is a pretty good time passer. When I played this, time flew, no matter what I did (besides fishing. It isn't a bad part of the game, I just couldn't get use to the mechanic.)I would rate this game a 10/10, even with the bothersome winters and the weird fishing mechanic, but this game is DEFINITELY worth the $15.00. An even better deal would be to get it on sale."
,Recommended,413150,21602921,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Skink,"Played for 15 hours straight.No I don't have a problem, I can quit whenever i want"
,Recommended,413150,22239748,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ObviouslyMike,"Welcome to Stardew Valley. There is no turning back now....Now if you'll excuse me, I have crops to water, money to make, animals to feed, eggs to collect, mayonnaise to produce, cows to milk, cheese to produce, slimes to raise, kids to raise, a horse to ride, friendships to build, gifts to give, community tasks to do, mines to explore, gems to gather, ore to smelt, monsters to slay, fish to catch, a community center to restore, geodes to process, a museum collection to complete, seashells to gather, trees to cut, rocks to break, grass to cut, tools to upgrade, a desert to visit, recipes to cook, honey to gather, buildings to upgrade, items to craft, furniture to collect, festivals to attend, birthdays to remember, a scarecrow collection to complete, hats to unlock and a social life to fix.Send help.10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22017643,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Cobalt Thunder,"This game. This game right here. All the things.I'm still dumbfounded that one man created this. It's both inspiring and awesome. The soundtrack is always pleasant to listen to, as long as you have a taste for some ambience, the game play, although simple at times, seldom ever feels monotonous or dull, and the overall atmosphere is well done and out shines the very games that inspired this one.Well worth the price."
,Recommended,413150,21901580,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SZNEJK®,I just need sell 12493 more  potatoes to become millionaire.11/10  Would plant more to become potatonaire again.
,Recommended,413150,33170284,Posted: 2 July,all,Woodhouse,"Really, really, really addictive.  Then you get to about year 3 and wonder what's left to do...  Definitely worth the $9."
,Recommended,413150,21596192,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kitsune Dzelda,"This game in a nutshell, I can sum up in one word.Genuine.This game is a genuine, slow cooked, old fashioned game, that, had it come out 20 years ago, would have taken its place amongst some of the classics as a great game.  Now?  The same fate.I have never felt such... genuinely emotional feelings playing a game for quite some time now.  Ive been playing for a quarter century by now.  The writing feels genuinely alive, the seasons feel genuinely alive, the characters feel so genuinely alive that I swear Ive known some of these people from real life, it is a game that warms my heart like a cup of hot cocoa on a cold rainy day, given to me by my loving wife.I cried during some of the events, my hearts melted at others.  What is this game like?  Well, you need to play it to find out.  Do not expect the game to rush you though.  Oh no, this game wants you to know you can relax and take it easy.  You can pause anytime you like, getting in and out is a breeze.  Everything from the mechanics to the story can be taken slowly and easily one at a time.  And in an age where quantity often rules over quality, I find this to be a well crafted piece of cookery done by ConcernedApe, a chef who apparently knows, that sometimes, a good recipe takes time to stew.Cheers to you mate, for all the years waiting. :)"
,Recommended,413150,21727500,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Trainspotting,i found the 'one' in this game and just get married for 2 years now.never been so happy
76561198198600659,Recommended,413150,31656184,Posted: 9 May,all,Aircraft 🐧,Done with so much love
,Recommended,413150,29454547,Posted: 23 January,all,Asset 029,This game ruined my life.
,Recommended,413150,33912156,Posted: 30 July,all,TheGiggleJiggle,"In the 90s, I spent countless hours playing Harvest Moon on my Game Boy and Super Nintendo. Now I am 25 and I have to say, it's like no time has passed at all when I play this game. All that Harvest Moon experience did not really help me out in my daily life but it certainly has helped me log 81 hours in Stardew Valley in less than a month. There are still so many mysteries and unexpected layers to this game that for $9.00 during the steam sale, I am blown away. This game really is a love letter written to Harvest Moon, despite the guinea pig drama. Thank you to the individual who created this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,413150,25845820,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Oka,"Me : at last, 170 hour wondering in stardew valley, I could get back to reality.CA : I dont think so :trollface: BAM! *slam update v1.1 in my face*Me : good bye real world.Jokes asidethe game itself, is solid 10The concept, the story, the soundtrack, simply astonishing.Personally, at some point on the game, I could feel the love given in the making of this gameThis is a baby, and its beautiful.Worth every penny."
76561198103971755,Recommended,413150,28400444,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Zephyr,"Doctor wanted me to give him a diamond to aid his aching back.Gave him one, got 100g.Went back home and pulled another 5 diamonds out of my diamond making machine.Repeat10/10 - Money making machine."
76561198012425174,Recommended,413150,34682467,Posted: 2 September,all,Shimmer,Argh! Why have I never said how much I love this game?I love this game... I wish there was more exactly like it.Someday I want to start a new (much more organised farm)
,Recommended,413150,30322146,Posted: 4 March,all,♡ Clementine ♡,Fun Farming Game!Probably one of the best game's in my libraryPROS:Those 16-Bit graphics are so amazingCharacter customization is so awesomeCan have a petCan farm Chickens and Cow's ETC.CONS:NOTHING!I Totally recommend this game to anyone interested in buying it!Overall: 5/5
,Recommended,413150,21896770,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,RainbowSlayer40,I gave a girl mayonnaise until she agreed to marry me. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21496158,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ashelia,"If you like Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing, you will love this game. It's not a clone of either and it does enough differently that it's unique, but it does draw inspiration from them. In addition to an extremely deep crafting system, it also has a sense of heart that most games don't; the level of care put into the minute details of the town is perfect and the townsfolk have a surprising amount of soul. This game is an utter gem. I highly recommend it to any fans of the genre as well as those who like SNES era RPGs."
76561198042725453,Recommended,413150,33141876,Posted: 2 July,all,Anal Butter,"Very fun and relaxing game, using the pure essence of harvest moon to fuel the gameplay."
,Recommended,413150,21488631,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Natchkat,I got high with a wizard just so I could read fairy moonspeak runes
,Recommended,413150,21707324,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,2hu| mauksol99,"""Just one more day""*farming*""Alright! I need some ore just one more day""*mining**checking on quest board*""He needs a fish?.. one more day""*fishing*""Save the game and enough for that okay just little checking on farm""*fully mature plants**cropping*""...One more""""Just one more...""""More day""""Goodbye real life"""
,Recommended,413150,21489225,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Valkyrie,"BIG FAT HUGE GINORMOUS RECOMMENDLook, I've been waiting for this game for over 3 years now and it's still sucking me in over here:Farm.Craft.Fish.Mine.Dungeon crawl.Forage for♥♥♥♥♥♥because you're the ♥♥♥♥♥iest farmer ever and just sell that instead!Spend your first 2 hours hunting down 28 people!Give people gifts they don't want!Breakdown and re-live the hours of your wasted Harvest Moon-playing childhood!!Chop down all the trees!!Wage a war on rocks--sometimes rock crabs!!Romance a dude or chick or both and then kick one to curb just cause!!Support your local townspeople or become a sellout and support Joja instead!1!Guys, I'm just having too much fun over here.Imagine. When multiplayer comes out, we can do all of these things together!So buy it. Like, right now."
,Recommended,413150,35011426,Posted: 16 September,all,kiwibloom,Being a gay farmer is my dream and I would die for Maru
,Recommended,413150,21502570,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Gordon Little,"It's Harvest Moon for PC.  If that doesn't sell it to you, nothing will."
,Recommended,413150,21583105,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[TLG] Chevmo,Just one more day....Eeehh one more....I'll sleep tomorrow.
,Recommended,413150,21486949,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Flechita,"Around half of the 6 hours that I've already played I've been just playing the arcade minigame at the saloon10/10 would become addicted to videogames inside videogames againUpdate: +30h into the game, still giving a try to the arcade game from time to time, still can't beat it"
,Recommended,413150,21503168,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Do you like Harvest Moon? Animal Crossing? What if those two games were blended together? Well, thats basically what Stardew Valley is and its perfect. I love both of these games and having a game that takes great elements from both and puts them into one game, and releases it on PC no less, is a game I'm all in for.If you don't know what those games are, or how they work, I'll explain stardew valley for you. Otherwise, you should pick up this game, its great, and you'll love it if you love either or both of those. Basically your just a person that farms and lives in a town with lots of activities and collectables to participate in. You can build relationships with townspeople, adventure in a mine, explore the forest, fish, raise a family, and obviously, farm. Its a very relaxing game and probably isn't something you'll play for 12 hours in one day, unless your super in love with it, but to me its more of something I'd pick up for one or two hours a day, tend to my farm, talk to people, progress in the world, and put it down for the rest of the day, basically like animal crossing. But a benifit to this game, at least to me, is its not real time, it has its own game timer, so you can progress through multiple days and build your farm over one game session.Thats basically Stardew Valley, there isn't much more to be said about it, its a great simulation of living on a farm and meeting new people. I'm glad to see this game doing so well and with the price of 15 bucks I think its definitely worth it, even if you don't like it you'll know by 2 hours in and you can just return it. Honestly though, if your into simulation, farming, RPG elements, or exploring you should pick this up. Great game that came out of nowhere for me.Buy At Full Price"
,Recommended,413150,21693649,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,viRo369,"If you love Harvest Moon and/or Rune Factory this game is for you. Hours of content, great ost and I'm yet to encounter a single bug. What's more amazing is that the game was created by a single person and it isn't an early access game either, it's 100% done product and the developer has stated that there will probably be more content in the future. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21572750,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,"New Player, Be Nice","My Impression:I never played any type of Harvest Moon game, but I love RPGs of any kind. I was skeptical about the price at first and figured if I didn't like it I would refund it. Well, 52 hours of gameplay later, I'm writing this review. This game has the same addictive quality as one of my favorite other games, Civilization 5. The graphics look so simple but there is so much to Stardew Valley that you haven't tapped into yet. It's an amazing game that surprisingly was only made by one guy.Positive:+ Relaxing Game+ Story that's simple but turns into so much more+ Detailed character creation+ Endless amount of stuff to do, much more than just farming+ Dating sim added into the game+ Quests to keep the addiction real+ Entertaining events and seasons with different items to collect make for a lot of stuff to do+ Very large map+ Music, music is surprisingly good, it's atmospheric and relaxing+ Steam trading cards+ Developer is very active in the community+ Developer seems to still be adding new features to the game, including coopNegatives:- People say bugs, but with the developer so active in the community, he's fixed everything the day they were posted- Save feature could be improved, but I honestly do not have any complaints about the gameVery very good Game:10/10I was skeptical about the price, but looking at my playtime, I can say it was justified (not finished yet). The developer is also planning on adding more features. This is a must buy for any gamer in my opinion. After seeing the different types of streamers that have played this game, I would say they cover large categories of different genre's of games they play. All had extremely positive feelings about this. You would be surprised at how you feel about this game if you gave it a shot."
,Recommended,413150,30434803,Posted: 10 March,all,Markimus,"I really enjoy this game. I never knew how virtual work could be so relaxing and unwinding after a stressful day.Beautiful music, fun graphics, interesting characters with backstories. Definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,413150,30033988,Posted: 19 February,all,I (h)ate you,"If you are bored and don't know what to play, just make a coffee and play Stardew Valley. It's perfect for relaxing."
,Recommended,413150,33163436,Posted: 2 July,all,Juli.exe,"This game is beautiful.This is a calming game that could get stressful really quickly.Once you start your left off in a farm in which you gotta live in and cultivate your crops and sell them for money. You live in a small town in which you can get friends, go fishing, trading, mining, killing slimes and monsters, etc.This game is really worth it please buy it... I can't find a way to hate it. Maybe its not your type of game but I can't find a reason to hate it in the way its made.10/10 I bought it for 15 dollars and I would probably pay more if needed to."
,Recommended,413150,21597293,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,xeno,For when you want to escape the pain of real life 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21480421,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,about9spiders,"From the first couple minutes I knew this game would be a winner. What really made me get invested was the fact that your grandfather is King Hyrule. Go now, play the game and stop reading reviews about a game just came out 40 minutes ago."
,Recommended,413150,34200762,Posted: 12 August,all,Grumbeld,"It's been over a year, and I'm still returning to this gem of a game.  The systems involved with time management, exploration, and crafting make this game intensely enjoyable.  I can still remember this game getting its hooks in as I discovered that the townsfolk have their own storylines (albiet quaint ones) within the game.  I wanted to collect all of the museum items, build a massive farm that ran itself, and catch all of the fish.I am still working on all of these goals, and I don't regret a single hour spent on the game."
,Recommended,413150,21792124,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Silaryia,"This game improves on the Harvest Moon formula in a few great ways, but you can forget about all that. I CAN PLAY AS A LESBIAN FARMER. You have no idea how amazing that is!"
76561198103201633,Recommended,413150,31042867,Posted: 9 April,all,dmbrowning21,"This game is everything the Harvest Moon series was meant to be. It has fantastic artwork, a fun story full of tons of quests, and memorable characters.The gameplay is simple, but really fun."
,Recommended,413150,24380914,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,coffeediction,"Watched more TV in Stardew than in RL.10/10, give me that rain report again."
76561198006541362,Recommended,413150,21962628,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,stranger1982,"After getting a rundown farm from your grandfather you set out to make a living in Stardew Valley in any way you see fit: apart from farming and raising livestock you'll also have plenty of fishes to get, foraging, a museum collection to complete, daily quests and many NPCs you can get to know, befriend and marry.Stardew Valley is truly a great farming sim, there's simply so much to do that it can even get slightly overwhelming at the beginning: but the amount of content and options you're faced with are what make the game so good.PROS:-nice art style-cute soundtrack-TONS to do...farming different crops, raising livestock, building new farm buildings, upgrading your house or change its floors/ furniture, forage, fish, collect artifacts for the museum collection,raise NPCs disposition, daily quests, a mine to explore and fight in, a few secret areas and finally a community center to rebuild by depositing tons of different stuff in it (unless you take the ""evil"" easy way and side with the Corporation)-the gameplay is simply fun, no matter what you're doing from the aforementioned options-lots of different areas to explore-the skill system is pretty basic but works well, and even has exclusive perks at lvl 5 and 10 for each skill-NPCs have good backstories-great sense of progressionNEUTRAL:-NPCs can be a bit hard to find sometimes, as their schedules make them move about during the day. Still it's realistic and the Wiki can help you if you need to look where someone'd be at a given time/ day-combat works, but it feels a bit clunkyCONS:-can be a bit cryptic when it comes to tutorials, I think reading a few guides and keeping the Wiki at hand would be a very good move for most players-livestock pathing can be a bit poor sometimes-object selection when several people/ objects are near can be a bit annoying-some menus are a bit unclear or fiddly when it comes to displaying information or searching through different items-certain rare fishes/ artifacts can be quite frustrating to gethttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=648169767After 50 hours with the game I'm not even halfway through year two, and I still have a few things to do before I finally complete the Community Center and tackle a few other things and achievements I'm interested in: the game is simply big in terms of overall content and things to do and requires quite a bit of time and research to be enjoyed properly. For those that pour enough effort in it Stardew Valley is a very rewarding game that is sure to repay your work with something, maybe a new tool, a farm building with new animals, a Museum reward or the option to make your love interest move in with you at the farm.There are a few blemishes here and there but none of them get in the way of the fun and it's easy to lose yourself in the game so much you realize a couple hours have passed only when you look at a clock. The sense of novelty eventually wears off from the second year onwards as you've seen the festivals, you know how to reach the goals you're missing (give gifts to this NPC, grow this crop, make sure to keep this item etc), and have automated the crop watering process: still while it'll feel a bit more like organized work and less like the adventure of your first year there's still enough to push you forward for at least another one before you'll have seen most of what the game has to offer.If you love the farming sim genre Stardew Valley is a truly great game and is sure to provide a lot of bang for your buck even at full price: the fact this is the creation of a single dev makes it even more impressive."
,Recommended,413150,22296817,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Hilgram,"Nice mix of Minecraft, Farmville, Princess Maker 2, and crack cocaine.10/10, would abandon all responsibility for days on end to play this nonstop again."
,Recommended,413150,21613033,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Lermolski,Gameplay 10/10Music 10/10Sounds 10/10Graphics 10/10Game is like harvest moon had sex with terraria and had a kid.Bought the game 6 times for other friends.
,Recommended,413150,24464908,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,JONE$Y,Wake upGo to Flower DanceGet rejected by everyone at danceRide horse to mineBreak rocks to hide my inner depressionPass out at 2amLose half my♥♥♥♥♥♥to a hoboForce quit gameLaunchRepeat_______________♥♥♥♥ you Linus
,Recommended,413150,25223583,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TheUnderdog2020,"Honestly, I cannot say enough good about this game. You will come to love it and I haven't met anyone with a bad opinion of this game. Sure, it's not everyone's cup of tea, but if you are even slightly curious or interested in this game at all, GET IT. It's very relaxing and you can take the game at your own pace. Whether that is speed running and getting all achievements and as much money as fast as possible or slowly adventuring, uprgrading your house/tools/weapons or just fishing the entire day away. This game has a huge plethora of things to do which will likely keep you busy for a very long time. AND if that's not enough incentive to buy this game then another incentive would be that the developer actually LISTENS to people's feedback! If you have a problem or a bug that needs fixed or simply just some critiscism or appraisal, the developer (ConcernedApe) of this game will listen and act upon this. All around fantastic game and fantastic developer! 11/10 from me!"
76561198126822572,Recommended,413150,34702441,Posted: 2 September,all,allonsybronze13,"Stardew Valley is exactly what it claims to be: a game where you can run your farm, make friends, and save the community. It's slow to the point of boredom sometimes, graphics are basic, and you repeat the same tasks most days.And I absolutely love it. It's absolutely no stress, no time limits. You just run your little farm. It's also open ended though. If you want to stay a small farm, you can. If you want to become a multimillion dollar wine producer, you can. You can choose to marry, have kids, make friends, all of that. The best thing about this game is that there is no wrong way to play."
76561198013723081,Recommended,413150,24879525,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"Ok, well i guess i will write a review for this game..Well 1st off, this takes the old harvest moon games, and improves on the idea. Basically, an upgraded version of harvest moon games. If you want a game more like the old harvest moons used to be on steam, try World's Dawn..that is about as close as you can get. Anyways, back to the review...here i will break down the main points i see in this game:I see these as pro's:`Extremely Addictive - be aware of this when you play it..`Farming and planting`Dating and Marriage`Foraging for Mushrooms and such`Possible more things added to game in next patch`Great fun at festivalsAnd my con's:`Artifact hunting is repetitive and boring`Fishing can be challenging for the legendary fish`The mini games are quite difficult to play`Controller specs do not work, even if it says ""partial controller support"" in descriptionAll and all, a great game. I don;t want to spoil everything in this review, but there is more to this game than i posted here, so if you like what you read here, try it and find them out for yourself if you dare.Final Thoughts..i recommend this game to everyone on my friends list and everyone."
,Recommended,413150,22774906,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Raptorz,Much better than most triple A titles.10/10 I can really recommend it!Edit: New Contant
,Recommended,413150,21541815,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Zerotheliger,"Great game havent played this kind in a very long time, seems like there is inspiration from alot modded minecraft,HM,RF,Terraria etc. really brings back the feelings of playing these relaxing farming games from the nintendo days of my life.This dev has really shown this game is his lifes work. constant updates, he really listens and watches the community. These are the kind of guys we need making our games :310/10 would feel like a kid again."
,Recommended,413150,33161718,Posted: 2 July,all,yes-thisistrash,"Stardew is an all around amazing game! If you are a fan of Animal Crossing, Harvest Moon, or other life-simulating games, then I'm sure you'll love it, too! Here are some plus and minuses of the game:+Great Soundtrack+Good Controller Support+Replay Value+Can create mutiple profiles/characters+Lots of variety in the gameplay+Can Get Married and have Children+Glitch/Bug Free+Just Plain Fun-No multiplayer/co-op-Wish there was more chat interactions/options with other characters"
,Recommended,413150,21623701,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,yuikami,"This is pretty much a classic Harvest Moon that I used to love back in N64 and PS1 but in cute pixel style, so bright and colorful. If you were a fan a Harvest Moon, you're definitely going to like this. I hope you find this review useful.So many things to do!!There are so MANY MANY MANY MANY MANY MANY things to keep you occupied and unlocks to make things more convenient for you as well as tasks on bullet board that don't punish you if you fail to fulfill. Think of it as some extra cash fetch if you happen to have the items they need lying around. The whole farm is also yours to decorate. They provides hundreds of furniture, floors, wallpaper, decorations, statues, trees and etc for you to decorate your house, your farm area and 3 tier of upgrades on each structures! some you can buy off the npc stores on different occasion, some you have to unlock through quest and as collectives.Clean and completed!I added this later on this review and 90 hours into this game, I've never encounter a single bug or crash in this game. Also had a session of this game near 20 hours nonstop and still runs very smoothly!The controls might take a bit getting used to!When played with mouse and keyboard, make sure that when you use your tools, your character is facing the right way and clicking on the right target on right distance. Rushing would only make you hit or gather or interact with wrong target, sometime it becomes really bad... like accidentally chop off your crops instead of a piece of wood next to it. :'( Same goes with combat, some mobs might require a bit of timing but it's still very casually fun.Mining is fun and rewarding!Mining is also less frustrating as it gives you milestones every 5 floors so you don't have to always climb from 1st floor to get to the bottom all over again. It also randomizes every time you re-enter and make it easy to farm resources. But no! It doesn't end there! There's also another dungeon waiting for you if you want more challenge!Fishing minigame!Fishing also has more depth about it, it's a mini game in itself, you either hate it or love it. I find it extremely frustrating but I also can see why people would enjoy this more than just click and take. -You have to keep the bar on the fish- thing turn out to be more complicated than I thought, sometime you miss the beat and the fish got off the meter so much it's hard to get it back on the meter and if you can't keep it on the fish you fail. However ever, as you gain more level, you'll be given more option to use on catching fishes such as better rods, baits and crab pot which you can just simply set and forget.Mods!Mods! Yes! you can mod this game! The assets in this game use simple xnb, so like Minecraft, you can re-texture everything and convert them back to xnb. There are also more complicated mods already available for download. This game is so open for modding potential!Get to know them better + Lore and story!There are some npcs' stories and events unlocked on certain times and season, if you don't want to miss any of that, wikis for this game is up and available. However, don't expect anything SUPER STUNNING or any plot full of feels. It's farming/mining/dungeon-crawling/redneck simulator, not a hardcore RPG. There are only bits and pieces you will find out more about each character when you become more and more close to them. Personally, I find none of the male romance options is attractive... however, the female npcs are pretty cute. There are also LOADS of SECRETS you have to find as they are very rewarding.Edit: Add more info about fishing and mods, grammar checked."
,Recommended,413150,21480598,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ƊƛƦƘ ƝЄƇƦƠƝ,I still stuck at the farm name....
76561198040009006,Recommended,413150,21480724,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,CowMayIHelpu,"This game has only been out for about 15 mins and already I can say how beautifuly made this game is. The music, the art, the story. I waited for almost 3 years for this game to come out and I can honestly say it was worth waiting for. Thanks a lot for putting so much into this game ConcernedApe and not rushing it's release, it truly shows in the quality of this game. Highly recommend buying it if you loved any of the old harvest moon type games."
,Recommended,413150,30899411,Posted: 2 April,all,Simon,For the poor souls who haven't picked up this game or don't have a credit card. I press F to pay respect.
,Recommended,413150,22363102,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,✪ Nergal,1 - Buy the game2 - Learn how to farm3 - Keep farming all day4 - Say goodbye to your social life5 - Repeat step 3
,Recommended,413150,22086965,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ruka (〃ω〃),"Well, here's the thing:- I have a very huge farm; both crops and animals have been raised in this precious farm of mine.- I have tons of fish, enough to make me go through the year.- I have combat skills, I fight all those freakin' monsters inside the cave.- I can do mining as good as fishing and farming.- I cook super fast, I can say that it's just a split second.- Even with this girlish body of mine, I'm also able to forage every single day.- I'm beloved by other villagers. Such a good girl I am.- And now I'm married, so happily married that I'm planning to have two kids soon.Well, I'm a farmer, a forager, a fisherman, a miner, a warrior, a cooker, a wife and a soon-to-be mother.My life is fabulous. I have everything I've ever asked for.Well, I meant my life in Stardew Valley...And what's about my real life?!It's currently left in ruins!!!So if you don't want your life in ruins like mine, I don't recommend you to play this game.Wait a sec--Why did I just accidentally press the button Yes to recommend this game?!!!"
,Recommended,413150,31277311,Posted: 21 April,all,Kullenne,"One of the best games I've played. Relaxing, great music, nice people."
,Recommended,413150,21492391,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Lime,"I grew up with the original Harvest Moon for SNES-- pretty much played every single one after. To this day I would go back and play the GBA version for a few hours every year, if only to remember good times.I have to say, that I really did not know about this game until today, when it was released. I saw a lot of chatter about how it was like Harvest Moon and that if you enjoyed that, than this would be up your ally.Within the first 10 minutes, I seriously wanted to cry from nostalgia. This game is... everything I could ever want. The developer did an amazing job. Any fan of old school NES games will love this game. The art, the music, the sound effects, the dialogue-- I mean, this is a masterpiece. I'm a few hours in, and I don't want to stop. I want to quit my job, regress 20 years, and be a kid again. The thing is, the story is not a kid's story. It deals with adult stuff, like the loss of community, the Sisyphean struggle that is our society, and more. I don't want to spoil anything, so I'll leave it at that.My friend told me the story about how Harvest Moon inspired him to start his own garden when he was a kid. That lasted like 6 hours of work, and he abandoned it. With Stardew, I'm afraid I might spend a few years trying to start a farm-- it has quite the impact.The RPG elements of Harvest Moon have been expanded, there is combat, crafting, homebuilding, relationships... It's got it all. For $15, I feel like I am robbing this guy. It could be $40, and I'd tell you that you were crazy for sleeping on it. If you are on the fence, just pull the trigger, because honestly, a game like this is once in a few years."
,Recommended,413150,33342646,Posted: 7 July,all,Physalia™,"I remember buying my very own copy of Harvest Moon for the Gameboy Color at a second-hand shop back in 1999. The music, story, mechanics and just overall features of the game made me feel warm and fuzzy inside, as if I was in my own little universe with nothing to care about other than watering my crops and feeding my chickens. Stardew Valley takes me back to that very own headspace, only better, while still maintaining the crucial elements of classic roleplay games to spike your nostalgia!Nothing I can say about this title hasn't been featured over and over again somewhere else - just trying to add to the general consensus that Stardew Valley is an absolute delight. Even at its original price (13.99€ as of today) it is 100% worth the investment. If you're not sure whether it's your cup of tea, try getting it on sale - prices go down often and well into their 50%'s."
76561198155951893,Recommended,413150,33171734,Posted: 3 July,all,Fishymcbites,Has fishing.
,Recommended,413150,21558159,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kclack,"I lost 50 kale plants to an earthquake.Got turned down at the dance by everybody.A scientist is growing mushrooms in a cave on my property.I am often exhausted by 11:00 AM, and turn in.Also wizards.11/10."
,Recommended,413150,21583768,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,IndraRightHere,Solid 60 Frame Per Second on my GTX980Tia MUST BUY
,Recommended,413150,21773985,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Rapture,"Fresh, genuine, fun, rewarding... These are all words in my vocabulary, also words I would use to describe this gameAbsolutely fantastic game"
76561198020934519,Recommended,413150,21480864,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,leqesai,"I've been following the development of this game since it was originally announced a few years ago. Though it seemed to take forever to finish, the final product is excellent.At around half an hour into the game I can already tell you that I love everything about it. The music, the retro art, the beautiful world that you find yourself in. Its all great stuff.The game was designed to use mouse and keyboard so when I use a gamepad (my preferred style) it feels a little awkward (you use one of the two analog sticks to control the on-screen mouse cursor) when you're planting crops or trying to select things on the screen. But that's to be expected when the control method is designed the way it is. Using a controller is totally feasible, albeit a little odd.I really enjoy the fishing, so far. I didn't quite understand how to do it, at first, but figured it out within a minute or so and can definitely see myself spending a good deal of time doing it to make money.Should you get this game?Absolutely.Its a true work of art and stands far above many games released lately, for its aesthetic, music, and charm. This is a title you're going to want in your library if you're a fan of retro gaming goodness."
76561198166071542,Recommended,413150,21485434,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mijiku,Most awesome game i've played in a very very very long time... all of this by one man?! He is a genious!!I have waited for years to get my hand on this... it was truely worth the wait!!Anything bad about this game...?NOTHING!!
,Recommended,413150,21562783,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,changtau2005,"If you're familiar with management sims like the Harvest Moon series, Stardew Valley makes some interesting additions that make it really unique. The best way I can describe it is it's like putting together the farming in Harvest Moon, the relationship system in Animal Crossing, and the simplified combat in Recettear or Secret of Mana for the SNES.The game is really simple: you start off wondering whether you made the correct choice in life stuck in a soulless office cubicle, but grandpa offers a way out. Eventually you find yourself in the countryside with a piece of land, and it's up to you to do what you will with it. This village has its uniqueness in that you have different festivals with different requirements every season.You are gently eased into planting certain crops, diving into the mines for ores (beware monsters), or getting to know the locals better, or fixing the old community center. Whether you want to do any of this, or how you do this is entirely up to you. Of course, different seasons come with different limitations. There are plenty of secrets to find, and the wiki (the actual one, not the Wikia one) has a lot of information on most aspects of the game, like crop prices.Recommendations for new players: Each season is 28 days, and plants die outside of their season. Try to plant as much of the highest-yielding crop you can (your cash crop), but be sure to have at least some of every other crop available in the season as you need them for other purposes. Dive into the mines early and often and keep all the quartz you can get, as you need them to make the good sprinklers later on. Sprinklers save you from having to water the plants yourself so you can use that time to do other things.As a heads up: this game is the fruit of the sustained effort of a single person (programmer, pixel artist, music, writing and all). The only other games I know which are made this way are Dust: An Elysian Tail and the Evochron games. The amount of effort these developers have to put in is unimaginable; even Microsoft's XNA framework, which Stardew Valley and Dust happen to be built upon, has been discontinued since April 2014. This gives you a sense of how long these projects take. With that much investment and pride on the line, you can be sure that if these games are fortunate enough to be released, they would release only in the best possible state.If you have problems starting the game, try heading to your installation folder (steamapps/common/Stardew Valley) and install the XNA Framework 4.0 under /_CommonRedist. That solved my problem.Expect multiplayer to be added in the future. The developer simply released the singleplayer part first, which is not missing anything other than the ability to play together with other players. I think there was a Q&A involved with the closed beta group behind this decision, but don't hold me to this.Fully recommended, both the great game and the developer (Eric Barone)."
,Recommended,413150,25718830,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Savage Salvador,Welcome to harvest moon for PC with much more benefits. One of the main ones is not getting everything done in one year and getting bored.
,Recommended,413150,33395869,Posted: 8 July,all,jh1293,"I've played tons of farming simulation games before, but now it seems none of them matches Stardew Valley, which did a fantastic job of building a immersive nearly-utopian world, if I had to put one word on this game, it wasfabulous.GraphicsAt the beginning when I watched the trailer video, I got the impression that the game was cheesy, then I was proven wrong. Everything about the game was well designed and beautifully rendered, for a pixelated game, the light and shadow effects were remarkable, animation were smooth and fluid.StoryThe game was not solely focused on farming, besides that, endless events were available, most of them were indeed story based. What was the story behind the hoboLinus? Did the mayorLewis have affair with Marnie? What was the secret which burried deeply underground? Everytime I opened the game, something new came out.MusicMusic in the game was perfectly composed, and even brought up certain emotional connection between player and the game world. I particularly enjoyed the theme music of fall, which was full of sorrow when performed with leaves whirled in the wind.Finally, a quote from the game:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIf you're reading this, you must be in dire need of a change. The same thing happened to me, long ago. I'd lost sight of what mattered most in life... real connections with other people and nature. So I dropped everything and moved to the place I truly belong."
,Recommended,413150,33461955,Posted: 11 July,all,Witch of Lanterns,"This is the single most soothing, healing games I've ever played.  I highly recommend playing it any time you've had a rough day, it'll bring peace into your heart"
76561198083507282,Recommended,413150,29217923,Posted: 12 January,all,WOKE,"This game is just so simple but so thoughtfulDisclaimer:its just me sharing my story sometimes and just trying to maybe relate with peopleIn better terms its takes you from reality and grasps on to you never lets go until.....*Snap* your mind is realizes that you've been playing a for 8 hours, no sleep, nothing to eat, away from stress, fills in the loneliness, seeing an escape, etc.  This game takes the pain away sometimes, it perfect if you dont have that many friends, friends just talking with other on discord/skype, friends in chats that you know that you'll never be invited and don't know what you did wrong. *sigh* thats my story to share for you and thats why I love this game. Its sad but i feel more connected to the characters in the game then people in my life. Every move you make can be rewarded or just a good pat on the back.School/work aint great but this game is a great escape, the progess that make in this game is so rewarding, ever if you did it for yourself its still rewarding. Many events that keep you going and many people that you will soon love. Its amount of endless fun.So if life ain't doing so well, grab 15$,buy it, download it, and enjoy it. Try not to play too much, try at least see reality and be thankful of what you have"
,Recommended,413150,21764084,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Raenboe,"Do you like Harvest Moon? Do you like running a farm? Do you like incredibly rude NPCs that judge your every move (hey man, I can dig in the trash if I want!!)? If yes, then what are you waiting for!?Stardew Valley is a refreshing take on Harvest Moon with combat similar to Rune Factory and the museum side of Animal Crossing. Customise your character before joining a friendly village full of glorious quests and addictive activities such as growing crops, looking after animals, designing your farm, befriending villagers, exploring mines, kicking monster butt, fishing and of course a captivating storyline where your decisions affect the gameplay. There is so much to unlock! ... Just.. one.. more day.Depending on your playstyle I’d say there is at least a good 80+ hours of gameplay to experience! With so much to do, including completing collections, the museum and achievements… you will find there is not enough time in the day. The developer is also looking at adding more content including multiplayer (Soon™), so there will be tons to look forward to! So.. what ARE you waiting for?! GO GET IT!"
,Recommended,413150,35140998,Posted: 22 September,all,Eggsy,"Stardew Valley lets me live out my sexual fantasies of having a house, a job, and someone who cares about me. 11/10"
,Recommended,413150,26015267,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,OVERDRiVE,"Stardew Valley is a cute, light hearted adventure filled with beauty, wonder and fun. You escape the mundane reality of modern life and move to a farm in a small village. You meet unique, sometimes peculiar characters and grow to love each and every one of them as much as you do the game. There's a reason the reviews are so positive and that this little indie game is so popular. Its just good, 'nuff said. You can grow potatos while running the game itself on your potato, so don't worry about system requirements. But that doesn't meet it looks bad, there is a very intricate art style to the game that clearly had the developers putting in hours of work as the end result is beautiful.Get the game, it won't cost you an arm and a leg and you'll enjoy it for many hours. Its peaceful, its relaxing and generally just a good damn game."
,Recommended,413150,26870415,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lemeek,"What can i say? One of the best games i have ever played. Simply and amazing graphics, beautiful soundtrack and a lot of hours with our farm, animals and vegetables. I love plant cranberries and this caused that i liked them in real life! Also you can learn how to save your money! If you like to have your own farm and design as you want, this game is for you! 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21581960,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Silverdraggin,"Let's just take a moment here to say that this is the love, sweat, and tears of one dedicated man.  ConcernedApe has made an incredible game. Ever since the first Harvest Moon, I've waited for a game that HM touched but, dare I say it, didn't get quite right.  Stardew Valley took the concept and ran with it.  There's nothing I can say in this review other than if you liked Harvest Moon, Farming Sims, and a bit of adventure, then buy Stardew Valley.  It's 15 bucks and if you're not satisfied you can always get a refund. There's literally nothing to lose....other than hours.Just One More Day!"
,Recommended,413150,21545425,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,nacon,"This game will ruin your life:1.) 9pm on a Sunday: ""Just one more day.""2.) 10pm on a Sunday: ""That day went pretty well... what's one more?""3.) ... ""Well, I'm already awake, so I might as well finish the day.""4.) Repeat steps 1-3 until 2am in the morning. Hate self at 8am at work on Monday."
76561198057911876,Recommended,413150,32782009,Posted: 25 June,all,Yazite,"This game is fantastic. Light hearted, relaxing and full of interesting gameplay. It's a great change from playing shooters and action games. Also a lovely soundtrack. That said, there's a few things the game could improve on, but they're not major. One example relates to the initial starting of the game. The game throws a lot at you in the beginning and if you haven't played a farming simulator before then it might be daunting. You'll overcome this relatively quickly however. You'll also be using the wiki a lot due to the information that isn't directly given to you in the game. Regardless, once you understand the basics, the game is brilliant. Well worth the full price."
,Recommended,413150,24289284,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,missriz,"Love this game!!Farm, fish, mine, and get married. What more can you ask?You may feel confused in the beginning but as soon as you get the hang of it, the game gets better.(really addicting)*i still love the game xD @167hrs"
,Recommended,413150,22275869,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kurumi=life,I'M in love with this game!!!!played 11hours in two dayby the way this is game is why i bought my new pc
,Recommended,413150,21654931,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,berom,"Cocaine in its finest form,Bought the game then played it for 20+ hours over 2 days.Who needs to sleep anyway, i've got farming to do."
,Recommended,413150,21582798,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Zulox,"I was skeptical at first when the game just been released on steam as i had never even heard of this game even though its been about 2years++ in developmentI was itching for some HarvestMoon action and there never was such game released on PC that was on par with my original HarvestMoon experienceAnd now theres Stardew Valley!, this game really does feels like the old and presumably best Harvestmoon (64/FoMT/Back To Nature), i was really spot on that im completely hooked on my first 15 minute of gameplay (and i cant stop playing it!!), it really brings out the inner nostalgia within meYou dont need good graphic to make great games and this game pretty much proved it with its content and storyThank you ConcernedApe and Thankyou ChuckeFish for releasing this game!"
,Recommended,413150,28143477,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bonk Donkulous,"I am absolutely flabbergasted and disgusted that ""Inside"" won best indie game of 2016 against Stardew Valley.Stardew Valley, in my opinion, is easily the game of the year.Not since I was a child have I wanted to replay a game as much as I did with this game. The game is comfy and builds a nostalgia building game, without having to rely on existing games or tropes to build it for you.In my opinion, it is the perfection of a genere and I can't possibly imagine any way that it could be made better outside of more content (not that it doesn't have enough)."
,Recommended,413150,23136288,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ishvii,"Instantly grabbed by this. Reminiscent of Harvest Moon but without the timer. Build your own farm, make money, make friends, find magical thingies, go on quests. Like a high-end SNES title, and yet developed by only one man. Check it out."
76561198057835710,Recommended,413150,21867792,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Robbe,"This game is a gem!It takes me way back to the Zelda games on gameboy.SImple, cute and very entertainin!No more words needed here! Back to the game. :p"
76561198052726418,Recommended,413150,21895978,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Hanoverian,Someone please send help.Can't stop playing.
,Recommended,413150,21514174,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Mix together Harvest Moon, Viva Pinata, Terraria and a vibe of Earthbound and other old snes/ps1 rpgs and you have Stardew valley. Very enjoyable so far, the first 4 hours have been a real joy and I am going to hop back on later tonight for a couple more hours.Give this game a chance if you liked the games mentions above or if this looks interesting in the slightest to you. You go around making a farm, interacting with the cit folk and much more, can't wait to explore more of this one. The feel of the town and the writing reminds me of some of those villages in those good ol dschool jrpgs from yester year. You can also go buy livestock from the other villagers and get pets to ride on, there is more to this game than meets the eye!Can't believe one guy made this game, HUGE props to you sir! Did I mention that you can play arcade games within this game? Just head down to the Saloon and check out the arcade games! (One reminds me of pacman, galaga,etc..).In the end I find this to be an even more enjoyable game than these other great games I have loved in the past that this one is somewhat like, Harvest Moon, Terraria and Don`t Starve.Go get that pickaxe and wood axe ya grandpa gave ya and go do the family name proud! Show the world how a true farmer does it! **Will update more on the game the more I play, but right now, two big thumbs up**"
76561198172949483,Recommended,413150,26006787,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,hella jeff,had a child who doesnt love me 11/10
,Recommended,413150,27981810,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr.P,"Probably one of the most relaxing games I've ever played.It's simple to pick up and play and due to no proper goal you can take your time doing anything at your own pace.However it's also very addicting. Think games like Civilisation keep you playing for hours? Well Stardew can easily keep you awake till the early hours of the morning due to the cursed ""Just one more day mentality"".All in all a perfect game to relax and just do whatever you feel like doing."
,Recommended,413150,21728546,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Izik,Quite possibly the closest thing to a perfect game
,Recommended,413150,22830423,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,pyra9321,I love this game! It is so relaxing to play.
,Recommended,413150,22578484,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Meowker the Pony,"Annoyingly, addictively, timewastingly fun. Now if you'll excuse me I have some potatoes to harvest."
76561198015450036,Recommended,413150,21582253,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SpacePunch,"Think Animal Crossings and Harvest Moon had a child, and that child made sweet love to the Zelda series. Oh my dear Gaben sweet love."
76561198083639745,Recommended,413150,32908039,Posted: 27 June,all,TomahawkAssassin,"I have no real life anymore.Also, I love my wife."
,Recommended,413150,25888688,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Llyagushen,I love it! Brings out the inner farmer in me. And the soundtrack is just beautiful!
76561198056442021,Recommended,413150,21610145,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Elvis Cooper,"When i saw the Screenshots i was like, oh Harvest Moon for PC, nice. I played the SNES game like obsessed, and this game reminds me of it so much, but it's better. You got way more to do, more crops, more crafting, more of everything! The Pixel Art is so detailed and lovely it's amazing. The soundtrack is relaxing and pleasant, i spent a whole day sitting at the lake fishing and listen to the music. Talking about the fishing, the mechanics are not as that bad as some people say, it's a little simple minigame and to be honest, i have seen worse in other games.Sure the game has it's flaws, but regarding the fact this was made by one person, this game is a masterpiece. Some bugfixing is needed at  this point, but i have faith in ConcernedApe to do his best to keep the players satisfied. And all in all it's running good.Also the humor of the game gets me. There are so many details which made me grin on some points,like the alcoholic living in a trailer or the legendary Zelda dialogue.I just spend 8 hours in the game at this point and i guess i have to discover much much more, but this game is already one of my favourites of this Year.Summing it up i can recommend this game to everyone who had fun with the Harvest Moon games, which were obviously a huge inspiration for that game. But beware of the only-one-more-day-virus, it will get you.The price is more than fair for the amount of time you will spend in Stardew Valley, and you support a very talented person with your purchase.Thank you ConcernedApe for making such a wonderful game, keep up the good work."
,Recommended,413150,35077372,Posted: 19 September,all,The Green Elf,an amazing farming game that makes you want to play more and more. this is the game that i always wanted!
,Recommended,413150,35357240,Posted: 30 September,all,Sam Da MAGICIAN!,Just one more day and ill go to sleep.(27 hours later)Just one more day and ill go to sleep.
,Recommended,413150,22013041,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Skaidrojumi,"A fire started in my kitchen while I was playing.Don't worry, I realized I had time for one more day..."
,Recommended,413150,33191035,Posted: 3 July,all,Duotome,"If you enjoy Harvest Moon style games, including their spinoffs, this game offers a nice content packed experience. It may not be an extremely long game, but you never feel like the world is empty as there's always things to do and events to see."
76561198050986203,Recommended,413150,33175478,Posted: 3 July,all,Boneless Ketchup,"I hate these kind of games because it lacks they usually the action and motivation for me to keep working on the them. However, this one has enough content to keep me into the game and actually get invested into something as simple as farming."
,Recommended,413150,21968011,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,z0miren,This game sucks. It sucks you like a black hole.You cannot just leave it like that.Great game. So far - it's the best experience of 2016.
76561198039065442,Recommended,413150,23095898,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Fecal Cat,Just one more day.
76561198045165670,Recommended,413150,21955044,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Sir Ruffington,"Absolutely amazing game, so many activities and collectables to keep you busy, so many crops to experiment with and look after.  The amount of depth in this game is astonishing, every villager has their own personality and backstory which makes you love or hate them.I can not recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,413150,21508838,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mercy ♥,"I have been waiting oh so patiently for this game, and a game like this to be released.If you're a fan of Harvest Moon games or even Animal Crossing, I highly suggest giving this game a shot!It's such a peaceful relaxing game with fun and interesting characters, a nice storyline and tons of things to always keep yourself busy.It goes above and beyond what I was expecting and I just couldn't stop playing.Pros:- Lovely graphics and a beautiful town to explore!- Beautiful music that I could listen to for hours.- Events/holidays to participate in!- A job board that you can get jobs from and earn money, very handy in the beginning!- Some dungeon mechanics, like fighting slimes and other creatures, for those adventurous folk.- You can customize your farm and house any way you like! Tons of things to craft and buy to decorate!- There are penalties to dying/fainting and this makes it crucial to watch your stamina/health and make sure it doesn't drop.Cons:- I got denied by every guy at the Flower Dance. ; n; /sob"
,Recommended,413150,21595717,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Dayemon,"/Gives Abigail quartz (Harder than a steel nail per Mohs hardness scale) as gift. She responds ""Hey, how'd you know I was hungry?""11/10 Would eat rocks again."
76561198202547630,Recommended,413150,30314291,Posted: 4 March,all,Cactusfighter [Hun],"A true diamond, a gem, that you must have!"
,Recommended,413150,21548552,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Avinscratch,"After more than 10 hours into the game, I finally settled on a farm name"
76561197992879356,Recommended,413150,21484218,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ADirtyHole,"I have no clue what Harvest Moon is, still don't. Doesn't matter, this game is great so far. For the price, there's tons of content waiting to be utilized in order to have your own perfect homestead. Also, surprisingly I'm even enjoying the interaction with the townsfolk.Added bonus, multi player coming in future."
76561198122957877,Recommended,413150,22834175,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Manders172,"dont even think just buy it, its simply amazing"
,Recommended,413150,21988386,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,AIRI,"1 day...wake upturn on computersign in steamplay stardew valleyand go to bedloop everyday, cool game░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█░░█▀▀█░░░░█░░▀█░░█▀▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░█░░░█░░░░█░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░█░░░░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Recommended,413150,21489350,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Herdion,"Sudah hammpir 2 tahun ngikutin perkembangan game ini. Ga sabar pengen coba dan akhirnya kesampaian. Kalau kalian penggemar Harvest Moon atau Rune Factory, wajib nyoba ini game. Bisa dibilang hampir mirip, namun untuk segi gameplay Stardew Valey bisa dibilang yang paling menarik. Karena disini juga ada sistem Crafting. Bisa dibilang ini gabungan antara Terraria dan Harvest Moon. :DYang kurang dari game ini yaitu dari segi musik. Bukan musiknya yang jelek, musiknya menarik, cuma Musik kalau sudah habis, butuh waktu beberapa saat sebelum musik kembali nyala. Selain itu mungkin untuk shortcut Menu kurang praktis.Tapi overall, sangat puas dengan penantian selama ini. 9/10 untuk game ini."
,Recommended,413150,21551059,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,sashimi taco,"The Harvest Moon game we've always wanted and needed.Stardew Valley does everything the harvest moon series seemed to hold itself back on. Being made by an indie dev that doesn't answer to a large publisher has allowed for a lot of improvements.-Faster game progression and less grinding. But still has a good balance of the slow and steady gameplay.-Building relationships is much less tedious and easier, but still requires effort. Instead of daily gifts, you give your ""friends"" 2 gifts a week. And the social tab keeps track of who has gotten their presents and how many.-Crops eventually get automated in terms of watering, if you put the work in to get the equipment. This is something i've wanted for a long time. This makes the later parts of the game less tedious when you want to go on adventures, spent time with your spouse, or explore other skills, animal keeping, fishing, and so on.-The return of the mines. Something that has been lacking the later installments of Harvest moon. There is some adventure aspects to this that I enjoy a lot. And the mine has a check point every 5 levels, which makes progression much more steady.-You can now marry any of the suitors no matter what gender. Which is a huge bonus for people who are either bi and have a hard time deciding and don't want to restart. Or people who are gay and want to play as a gay character. And no matter who you marry, you have the option to have babies.The great thing is the dev is constantly updating the game to fix minor issues. Unlike with harvest moon where you just had to deal with bugs forever.Overall Stardew Valley has streamlined the harvest moon experience, while still maintaining the magic of the farming/life simulation genre."
,Recommended,413150,21484223,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,# RETNUS | Retnusgaming,"Manteb gan,,Maennya mirip banget sama harvest moon!wajib coba buat yg demen banget harvest moon atau rune factory!kekurangannya mungkin grafiknya ga semua orang suka, dan musiknya kalau abis ngeloop nya lama (jadi sepi2 gitu)overall mantab! 8.5/10"
76561198125742969,Recommended,413150,30501865,Posted: 13 March,all,ROADto0mmr,Best farming game ever so far in steam owowould highly recommend buy it with offer :Pharvest moon and innocent life player xD
,Recommended,413150,23992721,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,it's Peab,"STARDEW VALLEYAmazing farming simulator with lot of depth to have been made in a long timePreface:Stardew Valley is an open-ended country-life RPG. The game was made by Eric Barone going by the name of ConcernedApe on the web and is a solo developer.Stardew Valley follows inspiration from Harvest Moon and is focused on farming and communicating with the townspeople except on PC,and in Stardew Valley the creator had implimented a combat system that works well with the game.StoryYou the farmer is sick of the harsh working life of a modern man/woman and had finally decided to read the letter your grandfather had left behind for you when you felt this way. You board a bus to Stardew Valley to inherit the farm your grandfather had left for you and you are greeted by the mayor and our carpenter, Robin.I shall stop here to avoid anymore story spoilers.GameplayStardew Valley goes from simplistic to very mechanical in a very steady step. You follow the traditional farmer's life planting crops, earning dosh , upgrading your buildings , making your farm look as aestheticly pleasing as possible and collect all available collectibles.Personal Opinion and ThoughtsNow I'm personally a big harvest moon person and games like these just appeal to me . When I found out about Stardew Valley, I IMMEDIANTELY purchased it and I have to say it was worth every cent. I had the most fun watering my crops, building my silos and coops, and harvesting my crops and becoming flithy rich. I love this game and I wish I could continue playing, but because it lacks end game content I have held it off now for quite some time.Here are some qualms about the game as no game is ever perfect✗Lacks end game content✗Time passes too slow if you have strategticly planned your entire day out✗Bachelors/Bachelorettes lack character and would prefer if Eric improved on thisFinal SayOverall I love this game a lot and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes Harvest Moon and to anyone who thinks FARMING IS AWESOME~! <3. It's been a long while since someone made a quality game such as this with the focus on making dosh and enjoy the farmer's lifeScore:✭✭✭✭✩"
,Recommended,413150,22096696,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,shenryyr,"super fun!  makin' babies, makin' wine and cheese, kicking morris through the roof.  this game is fantastic to play and very difficult to stop!"
,Recommended,413150,21503596,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Risk,Incredible.
,Recommended,413150,21562243,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Denstone,ahaha gamewhat are u doinglet me sleep
,Recommended,413150,21543813,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,wishbone,This game bring back my memories from playing Harvest Moon: Back To Nature ten years ago.:')
,Recommended,413150,32815563,Posted: 26 June,all,Vira,"40% farming, mining, fishing, etc...60% get a girl"
,Recommended,413150,32867348,Posted: 27 June,all,Nathan Graves,"For Harvest Moon fans:Get it, it's exactly what you are craving out of a farming game.For people that have never played a HM type of farming game:Expect some bumps at the beginning while you try to make an honest living and bring those profits in while juggling your romantic life and the dozens of events that are going out around town year round.The game is casual but also complex enough to give you a challenge, though once you get the hand of it and been in your town for a year, the challenge will become easier, but by then, you'll probably be invested in making your farm as pleasing to the eye as possible and to get as many buildings, animals, crops and tools to make your farm look pro."
76561198052509894,Recommended,413150,33155678,Posted: 2 July,all,Grimortes,"Nice a calm game.  Farming, fighting, and you can even romance some of the town folk.  I loved playing this game and have done many replays.  I highly recommend giving this game a play through."
,Recommended,413150,21599111,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Brendaniel,A really solid little game. I've never played any of the Harvest Moon titles so I didn't reall know what I was in for. Everything in the game is satisfying and scratches an itch I've had for a while.
,Recommended,413150,33188373,Posted: 3 July,all,OB | Nobel,Great game for singleplayer. Multiplayer is coming soon. Also a very relaxing game.
,Recommended,413150,21558694,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,LiveHiFi,"Elements of Zelda, Pokemon, Harvest Moon, and so many others. Not in any way copying, but seamlessly inspired by so many good games that preceded it.Great soundtrack, flowing graphics, and generally pleasant atmosphere. I'll play this game for countless hours, all for such a fair price.I'm sold. I hope it never goes on sale because this price is MORE than fair and these devs deserve such praise monetarilly and otherwise."
,Recommended,413150,21568818,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,(IO)Zarradeth,"This game is everything I ever wanted in a Harvest Moon game and more. I've been following development for years now and am glad it finally released. During development there were a lot of things that worried me (crafting, combat in the dungeon/mines, and other stuff) because I felt like it would feel out of place in what I wanted this game to be (which was essentially Harvest Moon on the PC). I'm glad to say that after trying all this stuff out it feels great, it feels like what a modern Harvest Moon game should (but probably never will) be. All of these extra mechanics are well thought out and really add to the game without taking away from what the core 'country life' gameplay.Also worth mentioning is how much polish, love, and thought was put into this game. This is what makes this game stand out- while playing you can see all the little extra details that were put in to make the game feel great (which is something that, seeing it now, was always missing from Harvest Moon games). The weather effects, the falling leaves, animals running around and hiding, birds flying around, fish splashing in water, etc. All these little details add up and make the game feel alive and vibrant.The last thing I will mention is something that I feel Harvest Moon has always lacked (at least the older onces, which I prefer) is stuff to do. Harvest Moon, for me at least, has always quickly ran out of things to do- wake up, take care of your animals and crops, chop wood, maybe forage, then what? You can talk to people around town but that's usually not very rewarding. It quickly becomes a daily routine and then a struggle to find stuff to do until night. Stardew Valley on the other hand has always had something for me to do- and it's usually different from day to day (maybe with the exception of Winter since there is so much less going on). I'm about halfway through winter of the first year, and while I do think I will eventually run into the same problem as Harvest Moon, I have yet to have it happen and I can't see it happening anytime soon either. There are meaningful collections to complete (giving the player reason to mine, fish, farm, and more), exploring the mines has purpose and rewards, becoming friends with villagers is rewarding and feels meaningful, you can customize your farm and make it look however you like, you can upgrade your skills to get better at things, you can get materials and craft to help automate/improve your farm. There are so many things you can do, and all of them feel meaningful- especially compared to Harvest Moon.I love this game, I love that it's on PC, and I love the support its been getting. This is what I always wanted Harvest Moon to be but never knew it."
,Recommended,413150,21502903,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Menethos,Found a club in a cave.Clubbed all kinds of monsters to death.Talked to people with the club selected and then accidentally smashed them when I tried to talk to them.10/10 Would club again.& I have a beard.
76561198138684675,Recommended,413150,21690315,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Slothful,This game is addictive AF. It is also the best £11 I ever spent.
,Recommended,413150,21910348,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Shiro,"If you liked playing Harvest Moon Mineral town on your Gameboy this game will be perfect for you. It's so similar that it's a little bit scary.. But it's a more developed and exciting game in my opinion. The original elements are still there, like marrying the nicest man or woman you adore, having a farm and more, but it has been slightly upgraded with features like exploring the mines and fighting monsters and so on.It's a game that will, just like HM Mineral town, get you addicted with all of the surprises that gets the story going through the years. What ever you want to go for, you can do it! If it's fishing, farming or mining, you can do what ever you want basically.Another difference that's an improvement is that you can choose which gender you want and add some personality features. They added hats (yay for us tf2 fans) and other cute things. Also, I am very happy that it's possible to marry almost whoever you want, the gender doesn't matter. The most important thing is that you know what the best gifts are for your certain someone ;)To sum it up.. I really like this game. It takes me back to the good ol' days but it also adds some new secrets and quests that makes it stay very exciting and intriguing. I seriously recommend it to anyone that likes Harvest Moon, Terraria and Minecraft since it has farming, fishing, mining, crafting and social elements in the game."
,Recommended,413150,21823840,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ForeveRoyal,Starts gameI go into town looking for the perfect man...thats when I see himsmoking down by the lakeI knew he was the one I go home and dream of himthe next morning I wake up and water my cropsand then head into townI go straight to Sebastians house I follow his every moveI learn his schedule and I follow him everywhereI go down to the beach to get him coral almost everydayBash likes coral and it makes a perfect gifteveryday at 3:10 I wait outside his room just so I can talk to himI'm going to marry this man one dayBash is bae <3I rate 100/10 better dating than Skyrims Hearthfire dlc
,Recommended,413150,21605045,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,tofubun,I have just lost both my legs in a car accident and this helped me get through it. I don't know if I would be here if it wasn't for this game.
,Recommended,413150,21602288,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Banagher,"A wizard sent me a letter to meet up with him..Went to his tower, he gave me ""Earth Juice"".LSD trip for 2 minutes.10/10Definitely gonna get high again with the ""wizard""."
,Recommended,413150,33192036,Posted: 3 July,all,antypantypuddingandpie,"After 2 and a half months and 300+ hours in,I think this is appropriate time to review this game.Have spent days in game collecting stuff,falling in love with it,cryingabout that stupid fishing mini game.You get so much content for such a small price,and you can replay the game again and again.Also modding for this game is actually really easy to use,and I totally didn`t break the game at some point.;)Thanks to my friends for recommending me to get it because I wasn`t sure if I`ll enjoy it."
76561198116760165,Recommended,413150,33147774,Posted: 2 July,all,opmolloyoy,"I bought this game because I am huge fan of the Harvest Moon series, as well as Rune Factory. My expectations of Stardew Valley were not only met but exceeded. I can't stop playing it it is so addictive because there is just so much to do in it. It goes so much further than just a farming simulation. I've made friends play it who have no interest in farming games and they have all loved it, I just can't recommend Stardew Valley enough!"
,Recommended,413150,21528076,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Katyusha,"This game reminded me of my childhood a lot. As an Asian kid, I was raised with Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon Series. However, this years I realised that I've been playing games without any story lines at all. Like Counter Strike or GTA V, sure these games are great and all but it is not family friendly and the graphical violence is gruesome. This game is really addictive and it has really sweet, I mean really sweet soundtracks, characters and graphic designs. I am a man who got bored of GTA V and Assassin's Creed Series, but this game is some how special and unique from them. I feel like I am talking in circles soo...Pros-Brings back old memories with old gameboy and Nintendo-Appealing graphic designs-Unique characters-Lots of contents that you can do(Not joking, more than GTA series)-Sweetness, you'll know if you play the game for an hourI am really suggesting this game, I am safe to say that this game is near masterpiece.I think it is better than Harvest Moon as well..."
,Recommended,413150,21679175,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Deynarian,"First up, my hours look lower than they are, as I frequently have to use offline mode to play games. So there's that!I'd estimate I have around 25-35 hours, as of writing, but thats a rough guess.--Now I've never played any of the Harvest Moon games, which I believe are what inspired Stardew Valley - however I can say with certainty that I would have loved them. Stardew Valley is a wonderful mix of relaxing and fast-paced gameplay, and I know it may not seem like that at first glance. The game at its core revolves around managing farmland in your little corner of the valley (its actually quite a lot of space!), designing and planting crops, filling barns and coops wth animals, and keeping it all running day by day. Beside all this management gameplay there is alot an exploration element which involves fishing, mining or foraging for things to eat / cook or sell, and deciding whether to farm or do these various side activities adds a layer of complexitity to the game wherein you must manage time and energy, as both are limited.Choosing your activites day by day is one option, however if you prefer a slower, less pressured play style you can simply enjoy the game for what it is, and do whatever activity you desire. There is no consequence aside from perhaps lost profits, and you will never be fully bankrupt thanks to foraging or the other activities. Stardew Valley does have a sort of story to it, in that you can try to rebuild the town's community center (or take a darker path), which consists of placing predefined items from the game and from all the activities into their respective bundles in the center. This will take a lot of time, and I wager I still have a long way to go yet. The few bundles I have completed fully have given me very helpful bonuses such as shortcuts through the valley, and opening entire new zones which have their own benefits. All of this is taken into consideration each day when deciding what to do, which makes day planning a very fun and interesting thing to do.Finally there is a social aspect to the game with the townsfolk, allowing you to court and marry select members, which is (as you would expect) a fairly egregious process, however quite satisfying to watch. The game also features festivals and events each season, which are a tonne of fun in and of themselves.Overall I would highly recommend this game if it looks in any way interesting to you. I can't believe what a work of art this is, and I commend ConcernedApe for his love and hard work."
,Recommended,413150,21500011,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Riolis,"Haverst moon done right and more.I've always dreamt to play HM on PC ever since I played my first HM on the emulator. Those are great but you know it lacks some of the fun of playing it when they are not made for PC and unable to use your mouse. Years gone by, and the only way to get your HM fix is to own a multitude of consoles that are made by nintendo, and being someone from where nintendo device will cost upwards to a month of your full salary (or more), you had no choice to just keep on dreaming of it.Fortunately after being burnt by tons of rpgmakers crap that are advertised as HM insipred/clone which don't even come close. This gem came out of the woodworks after being in developement for 3 years.Note that I am only 6 hours in. And this is what I can say for that hours, I don't have enough hours to review marriage, festival, livestocks, adventure part and the other part that I might not even experienced yet.PositiveCutscenes and options!In the typical HM games, Cutscenes is mostly consist of linear scripted scene, with your character as a bystander, watching as the thing plays. In Stardew, you are part of the cutscene, and you will be offered a choice and able to choose how the cutscene goes. This is effing great, as the cutscenes shows thepersonalityof the said character, and give you a choice on how you wouldreactto their personality.And it seems like there is plenty of those cutscene around, maybe for every character maybe? All the NPC that I befriended with 2 hearts seems to trigger an event, and if my assumption is correct, This game is EPIC. and all of it is uniquely different and entertaining.Farming plotis Huge! With the great object placement system, you can make the farm as how you want it. There is nothing else to be said about it, It just great the space you have to grow and customize.Meaningful mapMap is large, but it's well sized, and meaningful, and unlike some other game, you can auto run and IT WONT DRAIN YOUR ENERGY (which is great!). But it is not large enough that you have to spend most of your in-game hours running, when you want to go to the store or when trying to find where any NPC is. And it is small enough that you can meet up more then a few in 1 area, which make the town feels alive.Also the areas are uniquely different from 1 area to another, which is very refreshing.GiftsHearts goes up much faster, and in a meaningful way. You are not forced to spam gift every single day and after 30 days of doing it, only able to increase it by 1 heart. Give a proper present at the right time. Huge bump on the relationship meter. Meaningful!Plus you are limited to 2 gift per person per week. Meaning you don't have to spend your time spamming gift, rather you can just choose the best gift, and only gift it anytime on that week. You can concretrate to farming, livestock, talking, exploring, adventuring, figuring out on how to make most money and such, while still have meaningful relationship with other character without grinding meaningless gift over and over again every single day. Brilliant!DialogsAnother thing I found refreshing is the dialog and how it is done. The NPC will only talk to you a few times and they won't talk to you anymore until tomorrow. Which make the dialog more valuable. Less is more, nay? You don't need to spam the NPC hoping to find out if there is anythingnewthat he or she will say after increasing their relationship meter. If there anything new, he/she will say it out straight, one time and done. You can move on. No need to hear the same dialog over and over and over again.Less spammy in every way = great game.NegativeFishingI can't seem to get myself to like this clickfest of a system. The bar is way to sensitive, holding or releasing for way too long will accelerate the bar upwards or downwards. So you are stuck with clicking your mouse nonstop so that the acceleration would stop and the bar would stay in one place.Click fest is not fun. Clicker is not fun, which is why people created auto click apps for those type of game. You have almost a zen-like feel throughout the game, and when you start to fish, the game pace changes dramatically. You don't have to click as much when you plant or water (which is a huge massive improvement from the typical HM games) why? oh why with this clicky nightmare. :("
76561198104649691,Recommended,413150,26875994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tomcatus,"I once thought only strategies like Civ or EU4 can make me spend 18hrs in one sitting. I was so wrong, this game can and will do it. Not once, not twice... But don't be afraid, just remember to close the barn doors..."
,Recommended,413150,33150787,Posted: 2 July,all,Lurantis,"Love this game, I always come back to it eventually because it can be so addicting."
76561198255948353,Recommended,413150,30887604,Posted: 1 April,all,King Proto,"This game is amazing and I couldn't recommend it enough! You can EASILY spend HOURS on this game without even realizing it. The game features outstanding pixel art, bright, colorful, and is very pleasing to the eye. While it might seem like all you do is farm, there is MUCH more to do like interact with the towns people and find out who they really are and explore the mines to search for rare ores and that doesnt even scratch the surface. The world building and the valley itself is so unique and awesome as well. If you are on the fence or unsure then at least try the game with an open mind and im sure there will be something to enjoy about this amazing game. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,33213163,Posted: 3 July,all,Bgibson32,Perfect game to waste tons of time. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,27583384,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,🎃Decapitated Dan🎃,made a farm of ducks 10/10 game
,Recommended,413150,33166944,Posted: 2 July,all,charzone95,best game for spending weekend at home.
,Recommended,413150,21581948,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nyctinus,Harvest Moon/Animal crossing mashup for PC. Been waiting for this game for ages and now it's finally here!
76561198065804423,Recommended,413150,21574612,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,dat boi,Running around in the hillsFinds gold star leek*takes leek*Best leek I've ever had12/10 would take a leek again
76561198012531965,Recommended,413150,21483277,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GHOST,if you loved harvest moon buy this game now :)
76561198107178908,Recommended,413150,22187869,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jacob,I bought this game 8 hours ago.
,Recommended,413150,21568592,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ANG3LIC,"Game does not need anymore positive statements so once you have bought it and start your own farm, here are the ingredients for the human body, use it wisely!35 liters of water20 kilograms of carbon4 liters of ammonia1.5 kilograms of caustic lime800 grams of phosphorus250 grams of salt100 grams of saltpeter80 grams of sulfur7.5 grams of fluorine5 grams of iron3 grams of silicon2 drops of human's bloodHappy growing"
,Recommended,413150,25924684,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ｐｅｔｒａ,"Makes me feel like i have the friendsi gave them spaghetti and mayonnaisejust like the real friends.trust me, i paid a hobo to tell me if thats what the friends does to each others and he said yes10/10 would make people love me by shoving salad down their throat."
,Recommended,413150,21493682,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Billy,"Super fun game if you like these type of farming games.Pros:- Very well made- Tons of stuff to do- Dealing with townspeople is usually fun, even though they don't say much- It rewards you based on how you enjoy playing- Starts off slow with a tiny inventory, but gets so much better when you expand it- Upgrades seem fun and something to work towards (but be warned it's a tad grindy)Cons:- Fishing is really hard, but some people like a challenge? Not a huge deal, I guess I'm just used to peaceful fishing. Takes awhile, but is general easy- Fighting monsters is tad too simple. Hopefully it gets better with higher level weapons. But it's still fun, just not much to do except spam your sword constantly- Townspeople could use more dialog. It's not bad, but pretty limited starting out"
,Recommended,413150,21501225,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,BoogtehWoog,"I am going to right up front: this game is amazing. And that it was made by a single person just utterly baffles and astounds me. From the moment you start playing the game, it charms you with its amazing visual and sound production. It is so relaxing and it just oozes this feeling of comfort and fun. And it has so much to offer with regards to gameplay. There are so many things to do from farming, fishing, socializing, crafting, combat, and more. You will never find yourself struggling with the question ""Is there anything to do?"" I've put 10 hours in it already and I've only owned the game less than a day. And that means a lot for me because I'm extremely burned out on games these days. It takes something truly special, like Stardew Valley, to make me feel this way.Buy this game!"
76561197977630389,Recommended,413150,21505498,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Phobos,"Great art style, music, and polished gameplay from a development team of ONE person. He has already patched in fixes for minor issues and unlike a lot of other recent indie titles trying to jump in on the trend of ""retro"" pixel graphics, this game is gorgeous and clearly not just a cash in attempt like half of the games on steam today.This may be the best surprise of the year for me as I didn't find out about the game until a month before release and going in with little to no expectations it has already won me over. Great job ConcernedApe!!"
,Recommended,413150,21481926,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ayy bratan,This is the Harvest Moon for PC I've been waiting over a decade for. The pixel art is nostalgic and perfect. Even more excited for the multiplayer update to come later. Now to master the fishing..
76561197987266552,Recommended,413150,29984311,Posted: 17 February,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Kristy,Just one more in-game day... then I'll go to sleep.... annnnnnnd a year went by in-game.Great gameplay.Great story.Great BGM.Great replay value.10/10 would develop Carpal Tunnel Syndrome.
,Recommended,413150,34386592,Posted: 20 August,all,Ralof,Most satisified video game purchase in years -- one of the best games in my library.
,Recommended,413150,23186486,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Cooĸιe,"At first, I was really doubting to buy this game. It seemed bored to me. I chose to buy it in the end and I'm glad I spend my money on this one. This game is peaceful and I really enjoy my time being on this game. After a long day, I can relax while enjoying.9/10."
,Recommended,413150,23622382,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Suzie,"I'm halfway through my second in-game year so I figured it was about time to write about this.Stardew Valley is a farming simulator with RPG elements. I've been addicted to it for a... few weeks? I think. I don't know. Time moves fast when I turn it on. It feels like I have been, indeed, playing the game for years. I wander around Pelican Town almost daily, and I'm usually so into it I swear I can feel myself turning into an expert miner, a fishing master, a proficient farmer. I know the villagers by name and I know what's their favourite food and precious stone and I do the - mostly dull - tasks they ask me to do just because I've lived around them for so long now it seems strange not to be nice. Like I owe them something for just... being there. What? Do you want me to catch this super-specific fish and give me a ridiculous amount of gold in exchange? Sure, pal. I got you. Maybe if I do enough of these tasks you'll like me a little bit more, and you'll send me one of your recipes on the mail so I can cook and eat stuff. (Who uses mail in such a tiny village, anyway?)It takes me back to long summers playing Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon. Except there's something on it that rings different. Better, worse, I don't know, but definitely different. As cheesy as it might sound, after a few hours of play you can obviously tell the people (in this case, the person) behind the game has a deep love and care for what he's doing. It's been a while since I last played something so cohesive and well-crafted.There's a few things that could have been better, of course: the lack of explanation of how some stuff works may have thrown back some players (Honestly, I think the game just assumes you played a lot of Harvest Moon back in the day) And even if there's plenty of stuff to do everyday, some areas of the game seemed uninteresting to me compared to, let's say, how fun and engaging fishing and mining and farming are.roguequitI didn't really start caring about relationships with the villagers until I needed it to unlock things, and you can customize and decorate your house but the system it's not even remotely as complex as the other mechanics in the game. Still, I often feel myself wishing in-game time passed more slowly. I know that time going faster would make me more productive, and would get me more money, but that's not what I'm looking for right now. For just once, I wanna sit and relax, maybe go for a walk, pet my dog, spend a bit of time at the arcade and watch this small world I’ve been slowly building unfold.It’s super nice to play when you’re stressed and or/anxious. There’s something about going to bed after a day of hard virtual work that seems to make me feel better about what’s going on in the real world.(More at@roguequit)"
,Recommended,413150,32860828,Posted: 27 June,all,Stagen,"I gave this game to a buddy's wife to annoy him and now he whemently hates my guts. His wife though, loves this game so much she's starting to neglect him and the house chores she usually does. Now their roles are reversed, he's no longer the biggest ""gamer"" in their household and she's spending all her time playing this game.Goes to show how damned addicting this game is and how dangerous to a friendship / marriage it can be.Be cautious, this is a soul-sucking time spender that'll ruin your real life relationships."
,Recommended,413150,21639573,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Savor_Savvy,Harvest Moon breeds with Animal Crossing = Stardew Valley.Each turn stops you from hitting the exit button.11/10
,Recommended,413150,21560499,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Melted Cheese & A Ketchup Smile,"This game is absolutely brilliant. The game has only been out for a few days and I've already clocked in more time then I ever did with harvest moon. There's so much to do, I have huge plans for my farm. The music is great, too!I'm so glad this game was fully released instead of early access. It's nice to play a game that's complete and stable and just plain awesome!"
76561198081079554,Recommended,413150,21558750,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nose Dimps,"This game brought me back to the roots of Harvest Moon. The more recent Harvest Moon games have lost it's appeal (in my opinion) and after following this game since I first heard about it about two years ago, I can sincerely say that this is the game I have been looking for after all these years. <3**9/10-More to follow as I play through.EDIT: I have racked up some more hours and I can still say that this is a wonderful game that does deserve all the praise it is currently getting. Stardew Valley is a game that allows someone to go back to the early graphic style of harvest moon while having features that were long awaited for. I have yet to go through some features the game has to offer, so again I will be returning to add more to this review.EDIT: After the new update I can still say that this is the best indie farming game to date."
,Recommended,413150,23524807,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,thatdenverguy,"Stardew Valley is an amazing game that draws the best parts of the great Harvest Moon and makes it more refined, in-depth, and enjoyable.Pros:- The world and characters feel alive- The farming is efficient, smooth, and intuitive- The mines and combat are simple, yet engaging throughout- The economy is well-balanced for the first large part of the game- Many options, including crops, building placement, and a game-changing community decision that lasts- Dedicated developer/creator (ConcernedApe)Cons:- Money becomes eventually worthless- Festivals and community events stay the same year-to-year (manageable but would be cool if community members married or different locations, etc.)- Many achievements are very time-consuming to earn (I am 127 hours in atm and hardly any achievements)- Will take your life and soulThere are many tips and strategies to learn throughout to be either more efficient or make farm life easier.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqzCJu6wCqA"
,Recommended,413150,21571216,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Alenonimo,"I can't believe a game like this, full of great content to discover and play, was done by just one guy, in just 4 years.This game is like Harvest Moon, except much more. You can do more than farm: you can fish, forage, explore a dungeon, meet all the well-developed characters and unravel the mysteries of the game.Buy it!"
,Recommended,413150,26429887,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Apostian,Gave a girl a piece of driftwood and now she's my girlfriend.  Gave another girl a chunk of amethyst and she ate it.  Was going to give yet another girl a piece of bread I found in her trashcan but remembered I forgot to tend to my parsnips.  I rate this game 10 duck mayonnaises out of 10.
,Recommended,413150,21659623,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,wang is back,i havent showered in 3 days but at least my crops look nice
,Recommended,413150,22162029,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,3am,You don't play this game. Youlivethis game.
,Recommended,413150,21555885,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Maeka,I have been waiting for this game to come out for a couple years and it was worth the wait. I am loving it! If you enjoy Harvest Moon and/or Rune Factory style games I highly recommend checking Stardew Valley out.
,Recommended,413150,21484988,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Youth In Asia,"Long time fan of Harvest Moon type games and this does a good job of replicating that. My only somewhat minor gripe so far is that, when using a controller, you can't use the D-Pad  in the menus because the joystick just moves the mouse cursor. Which feels pretty clunky.Other than that, pretty good so far."
,Recommended,413150,21630268,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,✿ sydney ✿,fun game!
,Recommended,413150,21547483,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,DeadonArrival09,"After time with Stardew Valley so far, I will give some insight into what the game is and does. Stardew Valley starts almost the exact same way as the original Harvest Moon does. After the intro, you start right outside your front door with nothing. Your farm is a wreck and all you have are seeds. Now this is where the two games differ in a big way. Stardew Valley offers infinitely more to do at this point than any other. I started exploring the farm and clearing land. The first thing I noticed was how little time had passed before I was done. You will notice the Stamina Bar depletes considerably from working long periods of time but there are tons of ways to replenish it.  I had a nice little area cleared and plowed for the seeds I had. I walked east to the town and began exploring. You run into a few cutscenes but I enjoyed watching them. You can always skip them if they arent your thing. Eventually you end up back at home and go to sleep. The next day you get up and keep working on your farm. This always leads to doing something else like, grabbing a notice off the board, fishing, exploring the mines, getting lost in the town and cursing having to backtrack. But once you learn your way around, it isnt so bad. There are never a shortage of things to want to do. Plus it helps that each activity has been polished to perfection. The level of care that went into perfecting each activity and combining each of them into progression, handled every day after you sleep, is masterful.If you grew up with games like Zelda or Harvest Moon, you will love Stardew Valley. I have followed this game for years and watched as it took shape. It truly is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,413150,21707536,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Daud,This game hits hard in the childhood.Can't recommend enough for people who enjoy the old harvest moon.Definitely buying for my bros once the multiplayer is updated in the game.
76561198005079603,Recommended,413150,21762119,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Captain Seasick,"Okay, so... I'm not gonna waste any time here and instead just say it right off the freakin' bat: I love Stardew Valley. I really, REALLY do. If my opinion means anything to you, BUY THE GAME. Seriously, do it. It's not expensive, and for the substantial quantity AND quality, it's well worth the full price.And THAT should mean something regardless if you care about my opinion, since 95%> of all my Steam games were bought for BELOW full price, to some varying degree(s).But, and this is a big one, what makes me love SDV may not be what you want in a game. So I'll lay out the cards here.First off, it's a very niche game. ConcernedApe has done a lot in terms of bringing a wide palette of flavours to the game, but it's not some Hivemind-esque be-all-end-all title. This game is not for everyone. It's that simple. I honestly wouldn't have it any other way, 'cause as some dude once said: A game where the player can do anything is a game that focuses on nothing.But I digress... SDV has more than enough variety that it never truly gets boring, but it's never so exciting that it gets tiresome, hitting a hitherto unexplored sweet-spot between ""relaxing"" and ""entertaining"" that just lets you play for hours without ever feeling over-saturated, but also never feeling unsatisfied.One issue, if you can call it that, is that Stardew Valley is EXTREMELY ADDICTIVE! Seriously, if you're gonna take away one single thing from my review, let it be this. It has that Sid Meier-esque quality, ""Just one more round"" or ""Just 10 more minutes"". This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it can be troublesome, 'cause göddämn it's hard to stop playing once you get into it!I once caught myself playing SDV for over THREE HOURS longer than I had intended, simply because every new in-game day had the promise of something interesting happening. Maybe the new chicken coop will be ready tomorrow? Maybe the corn stalks will have regrown tomorrow? Maybe one of the seasonal festivals will happen tomorrow? This makes the game utterly addictive.Fortunately, it doesn't do/have that Animal Crossing nuttery with having to wait real-life time for stuff to happen, so plowing through a whole season in one sitting in Stardew Valley is very much a possibility.Next up, there's the fact that it's VERY time-consuming! This is NOT a game for anyone who expects instant pay-off and immediate gratification. If you're so hell-bent on that crap, you can jolly well rove off, mister! Yeah, that's right. Go back to your braindead CoD's and Cünny-Strucks!No, Stardew Valley caters to people with some actual sense of PATIENCE. People who aren't afraid of sitting down and PLAYING the game before getting some form of reward for their efforts. Which, in my opinion, is a 100% good thing, since in this day 'n' age with freakin' microtransactions and shït like that, even in SINGLEPLAYER GAMES, seeing something that won't let you have your cake NOR eat it without workin' for it, is definitely a pleasant change of pace!However, there's quite a lot to learn for newbies in Stardew Valley. What crops are most useful early on, what gifts are the best for certain people, what spots are most ""productive"" when fishing, etc. etc.Frankly, you'd be forgiven if by this point you were thinking or even stating out loud: ""Is this bloody joker recommending this freakin' game or not?!""And to which I respond: ""Yes, I bloody am, you nitwit. Didn't you read the literally first thing I wrote about it?""Simply put, Stardew Valley isn't for everyone, because it is after all a very niche game. But if that niche appeals to you, then I cannot stress this enough: BUY IT. PLAY IT. LOVE IT. 9.7/10"
76561198096039965,Recommended,413150,31600043,Posted: 7 May,all,DomokillR gamdom.com,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit. It was everything I expected going into the game blindly, with no knowledge prior of playing it. Of couse saying that, are some things I wish were there, but everything that exist is currently is perfect. I would like to see some more in depth stuff when it comes to heart events after getting married, such as a honeymoon for each character that can currently be married now and in the future. I'm also unable to shake off the feeling that toddlers eventually pass the phase of running around the house in a onesie. Some sort of growth for your own offpsring would be it's own kind of gameplay, through running your own family and tending to their needs, and at some point your kids would contribute to Pelican town in their own ways. There are other things I wish were in the game, but there more personal than those 2 reasons. Overall I think this game is well worth the 15$ it costed, not only that the game is still being updated every once and a while and I can't wait to see where it will be in a year or two. Of course if the developer keeps his promises the game will definity be something to play all over again. 10/10 will play again when more golden molasses comes out. :)"
,Recommended,413150,30252634,Posted: 28 February,all,Dr. Frog ☭☢,"Stardew Valley is a FarmVille type game produced by ConcernedApe. Although primarily a farming game, Stardew Valley isn't your run-of-the-mill farm game; it's packed with all kinds of features for the player to take advantage of.The core gameplay of Stardew Valley depends entirely on the player. The player can do anything from farming and fishing to getting married and fighting monsters in the mine. Farming is the most prominent and profitable activity. The player will plant season specific plants to then be harvested on a later date, tools such as water sprinklers and scarecrows can be obtained to help the player farm easier and more efficiently. Mining is another important activity for a Stardew player. In the mines, the player will move down levels fighting enemy's and levelling themselves up to obtain better fighting skills. Ores and valuable resources can be found in the mine as well; resources need to upgrade almost everything, including your starting tools. Fishing and foraging are also things they player can do, however they are not the main focuses of the game.Another major aspect of Stardew Valley is the relationship and marriage aspect. The player can give gifts to the good people of Stardew Valley in hopes of gaining their favour, ideally for marriage purposes. Stardew Valley allows marriage to any candidate of your choosing; a total of 10 men and women. Once the player gets 10 hearts and the proper accommodations for a spouse, the player can propose. After the wedding the spouse moves in and can help out around the farm. The player can also have children with their spouse, however they do not pass toddler stage.The player has a variety of activities to choose from. These range from donating specimens to the local museum, attending social gatherings, and even repairing the local community centre. Most of side tasks are optional, however the community center tasks seem to be the main objective of the game. Most of the community center tasks rely on the player finding specific items in the world, or crafting specific items.Stardew Valley does a lot of things right:Great sound & art designSurprisingly solid combatWide variety of plants and animals to raiseVery good at grasping the playerMany activities to keep up withMassive amount of things to craftStardew Valley does a few things wrong:Lacks tutorial for new playersCan be slow to progress for inexperienced playersCan become tediousUpgrades can become expensiveBuilding relationships with the townsfolk can be difficultThe player may feel overwhelmed with things to doOverall, Stardew Valley is a fantastic farming/mining/relationship simulator. At the price of $16.99CND and constantly going on sale, Stardew Valley is a fantastic addition to any simulation fans library.Have a good one.~Doc"
,Recommended,413150,29325509,Posted: 17 January,all,Arty,"The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles.Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed, stood in constant opposition to one another, carried on an uninterrupted, now hidden, now open fight, that each time ended, either in the revolutionary reconstitution of society at large, or in the common ruin of the contending classes.A specter is haunting Stardew Valley—the specter of Communism. All the powers of old Europe have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this specter; Pope and Czar, Metternich and Guizot, French radicals and German police spies.Where is the party in opposition that has not been decried as Communistic by its opponents in power? Where the opposition that has not hurled back the branding reproach of Communism, against the more advanced opposition parties, as well as against its reactionary adversaries?Two things result from this fact.I. Communism is already acknowledged by all European powers to be in itself a power.II. It is high time that Communists should openly, in the face of the whole world, publish their views, their aims, their tendencies, and meet this nursery tale of the Specter of Communism with a Manifesto of the party itself.”The bourgeoisie, wherever it has got the upper hand, has put an end to all feudal, patriarchal, idyllic relations. It has pitilessly torn asunder the motley feudal ties that bound man to his 'natural superiors,' and has left remaining no other nexus between man and man than naked self-interest, callous 'cash payment.' It has drowned the most heavenly ecstasies of religious fervor, of chivalrous enthusiasm, of philistine sentimentalism, in the icy water of egotistical calculation. It has resolved personal worth into exchange value, and in place of the numberless indefeasible chartered freedoms, has set up that single, unconscionable freedom—Free Trade. In one word, for exploitation, veiled by religious and political illusions, it has substituted naked, shameless, direct, brutal exploitation.The bourgeoisie has stripped of its halo every occupation hitherto honored and looked up to with reverent awe. It has converted the physician, the lawyer, the priest, the poet, the man of science, into its paid wage laborers.The bourgeoisie has torn away from the family its sentimental veil, and has reduced the family relation to a mere money relationLet the ruling classes tremble at a Communistic revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win.Workingmen of all countries unite!"
,Recommended,413150,24099457,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[SEAS] sirfragalot86,"More than a game?First off this game is basically a better version of Harvest Moon. If you never played Harvest Moon, basically it's a farming game where you farm, fish, etc. Basically your in a small town and you build up your life. If you need more detailed mechanic explanations, there are you tube videos and such.Now is the game good. Yes, but I think this game goes deeper. I am going to be clear, I suffer from sometimes severe depression/anxiety. What does this have to do with Stardew Valley? Honestly this game is so charming and playing the game actually helped with my depression. After playing it for a few hours, I couldn't help to feel happy, and even more hopeful for my future. In a way this game to me is kinda of an antidepressant. Now to be clear, I play a lot of games and most games don't do that. Most games even if I get lost in them don't improve my mood. Just keep me occupied and have a little bit of fun.Another thing I would like to note. The developer put everything he had into this. You can tell because there are a lot of little details all around that are a nice touch. Overall Stardew Valley is a great charming game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,413150,21599938,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ASBRedone#1668,Harvest Moon10/10
,Recommended,413150,29893299,Posted: 12 February,all,Tails The Fox,"Stardew Valley is an enjoyable and lovely RPG game that I have enjoyed very much over the last year so far of playing. Although there are many farming games, I have never found a farming/agricultural game that has had so much diversity and can be so much fun like Stardew Valley can!In Stardew Valley, there is so much more to do than just farming. The game is chock-full of content and options, and lots of different activities to explore. You can raise animals, build collections, build buildings on your farm, craft items, decorate your home, catch fish, mine minerals, fight creatures in the mines, build friendships with villagers, and have children with whomever you're married with in the game. You can also cook food, learn recipes, upgrade your tools, and find artifacts. The game has quite a few villagers, and quite a few buildings to check out too, as well as an in game calendar of the villagers' birthdays, and special events in Stardew Valley, and there are festivals for each season, as well as crops and fish for each season.I also like the quality system the game has for its items. As you progress in the game, your produce increases in quality, allowing you to sell it for more money, or build your relationship with villagers more than a normal quality gift, as of an update that was made recently.I also really enjoy building relationships with the villagers. You can progress in building their friendship, and eventually date any villager or marry any villager, and throughout the development of the relationship with them, you learn more about their personality. Each villager has a different personality and different hobbies, as well as different gifts that they like or dislike. It's fun learning more about what they like and seeing their personality shine when your characters knows them better. ^^Stardew Valley also has a delightfully charming and relaxing soundtrack that is very appropriate for the game, and very pleasant to listen to, as well as unique songs for each season and different songs for different locations in the game, and its visuals are also pleasing and saturated.Overall, Stardew Valley is a really great game, and it's been a pleasure to play. It's a very good thing to play to relax and to enjoy, and progressing in the game is satisfying. The only complaint that I have is that, early on in the game, fishing is difficult.I would recommend Stardew Valley to anyone who likes RPG games of any kind, as well as games with building and farming systems. ^.^"
,Recommended,413150,22317839,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Dr. Moon,"Stardew Valley is a game I tought I wasn't gonna play a lot first when I bought it, because I am more of an FPS gamer. But when I started playing it I instantly loved it. I have been playing it a little bit too much the past week and that's all because there's so much things you can do in this game. You can farm (of course), go fishing, explore the mines, go around the town to talk to people, etc.So if you want to take a break from all your First Person Shooters I highly recommend this game. I give this game a rating of9/10because of how much you can do, I've not been bored of it a single minute of all the hours I've played it so far."
,Recommended,413150,24414354,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Evan,Stardew Valley is one of those wonderful little games that makes you forget you need to eat.
,Recommended,413150,22098749,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,GC Positive,"Harvest Moon is a game about farming. You grow crops, you raise livestock, you get a horse...and a dog...and once your farm gets too big for you to handle by yourself you get married and get your partner to do most of the work for you. As fun a concept as it is, the series doesn’t really DO much with it. Because it’s a simulation, there isn’t any goal outlined for you, and because its simple concept is never expanded upon, the gameplay can get stale pretty fast once the novelty wears off; I don’t think I’ve ever played a single Harvest Moon game past the first year of the in-game calendar. That is, until now. Stardew Valley isn’t part of the Harvest Moon franchise, but if you ask me it’s the best Harvest Moon game I’ve ever played.Y’see the game takes those familiar gameplay elements and expands on them. It also brings them together with a robust crafting system. Every part of the game pours itself into another part while still managing to have its own exclusive facets of gameplay. And mastery over one of these several activities gives you more time to check out the other ones. Stardew Valley doesn’t have a huge map- it’s quite small and easy to memorize within minutes, but it facilitates exploration and discovery through the constant bouncing around between one thing and the next it encourages the player to do. The routine you form in Stardew Valley is modular instead of linear, there’s a little more freedom to play around with how you want each day to go, and it’s supported by the crafting recipes that streamline some of the work for you.Stardew Valley wants you to celebrate every small discovery, personal achievement for completing a self-set goal, or small cutscene with one of the townsfolk you’ve grown close to. The appreciation for the little things in life that can make a day special; I think that’s the kind of emotion Stardew Valley invokes whether or not it’s intentional. It’s easy to imagine someone saying, “if there’s nothing to work towards in this game, then I feel like it’s pointless to play it,” and that’s a totally fair sentiment that I’m sure we’ve all felt at some point. But Stardew Valley DOES present you with its own set of goals it wants you to do.A lot of people have been saying that Stardew Valley is Harvest Moon cross Animal Crossing and that’s close! But neither Harvest Moon nor Animal Crossing- or any other game you want to compare it to for that matter- has the specific mix of gameplay with the amount of depth that Stardew Valley has. It isn’t just trying to be another version of what it’s inspired by, it’s an improvement of those games. It’s a love letter and a list of grievances all in one.https://youtu.be/RHWhy9zpXzQ"
76561198067920863,Recommended,413150,32825515,Posted: 26 June,all,Totinos Scream Lords,"If you like Harvest Moon you will definietly like this. Its peaceful, fun, and perfectly captures what it was going for"
76561197993345957,Recommended,413150,33137397,Posted: 2 July,all,-FAP- Nuclear-Cheese,My vote for best game of 2016.Takes the Harvest Moon franchise and improves it in almost everyway. Lots of attention to detail. Highly addicting. I logged 62 hours in 2 and half weeks after first purchasing the game.I can't recommend this game enough.
76561198015131198,Recommended,413150,32902654,Posted: 27 June,all,Lokosin,"Beautiful game with beautiful songs, a complete farm experience plus rpg if u want to explore the mines, a lot of buildings, animals and crops, i dare say it amuzes me more than Harvest Moon: A wonderful life (which is my favourite)SUGESTION: please create a multiplayer so i can help my friends on building their farms and stuff like dat, would be cool :)"
,Recommended,413150,28824422,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ojan,"This is that one girl who's always chill and cause you no trouble whatsoever. You can relax on the couch with her while eating pizza and watching like Game of Thrones or something. She made no dramatic action and doesn't make unnecessary stress for you. To sum up, this is the game you want if relaxing and enjoying life while going with the flow is your thing."
,Recommended,413150,21831991,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,conner360,"What can I say.... the immediate minute I got this game I was already hooked, It's like if Harvest moon and Animal crossing had a love child and that child was stardew valley... It's got dynamic mini games, lots of exploring and a pretty intresting storyline, Great interaction with NPC's and also they do there own thing which is really brought me into this world of fun.Another plus for me would be the dating and ""heart events"" for characters really made me fall for the characters personalities and differences lets just say it was even nicer when things spiced up ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). Lastly but not least the music/soundtrack for this game was incredibly immersive I felt like it was actually winter *brrrrrrr*.To sum up my review I would say that buying this game for $15 could be (and most likely will) be a very great investment on your behalf for the amount of hours of entertainment and enjoyment from this welldone farming simulator."
,Recommended,413150,26970562,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fallenfromfirmament,"I have absolutely fallen in love with this game and take every chance I can to play it. It’s just a fun relaxing time that can get a little grindy at time but overall is just fun. I love everything about this game(maybe minus fences braking too fast) I’m 123 hours in and I still have so much to do! All of the NPCs are great and I loved all of their heart events. I love My chickens, cows, goats, pigs, Satanic chicken, and blue chicken, as well as My cat and horse ohh and rabbits! Stardew Valley plays a lot like the old Harvest moon games, only better(From what I remember anyway, I was little as hell when I did)It has the same setup as well, you inherited your grandfather’s abandoned farm in a small little town(this case stardew valley) and you go about building it back up and making friends with everyone in town and even dating and marrying one of them. there’s also fishing, mining and fighting you can do.This game is a time sink so just don’t think you’ll be able to do everything in like 10 hours or less, it takes time but it all pays off. I honestly think of this game as GOTY."
,Recommended,413150,21532650,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Muscle Moose,"My favorite game of the year so far. I'm so hooked... Everything is spot on about Stardew Valley.... And god, roaming around at night, the atmosphere, the music..... The rush.... Man, just a 10/10!"
,Recommended,413150,33183437,Posted: 3 July,all,Macaroni Penguin,"Stardew Valley is a RPG based farming simulator with 5 professions, Fishing, Foraging, Mining, Fighting and of course Farming. After your grandfather passes away he leaves you some rusty old tools and a farm in the magical place of Stardew Valley. You soon find yourself planting crops and passing out from exhaustion in the mines.Pro's- HEAPS of stuff to do everyday- Giant map to explore- Alot of Plants to farm.- Weather System- Season System- Customisable Character- Relationships with other characters- different professions- NPC's with different personalities- Animals that produce valuable recources everyday- nice crafting system- Ton's more than thatCon's- NoneRating: 10/10 One of the best games in existence"
,Recommended,413150,21657338,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Coelacanth,"An excellent farming RPG that surpasses it's own spiritual predecessors.The game is a farming RPG that borrows heavily from the Harvest Moon series of games, but it has inspiration from other great classics as well including The Legend of Zelda (The combat is very similar to A Link to the Past) and even Chrono Trigger (aesthetics).Stardew Valley like Harvest Moon games is very open ended, and lets you progress as you see fit. While described as a Farming RPG, it simply wouldn't do the game justice to say that that's all there is. You can engage in lots of activities in the game including farming, ranching (animals), crafting, mining, combat, foraging, socializing, cooking, fishing, questing, and achievement hunting. I will break each of these down below:FARMINGIf you've ever played Harvest Moon you will feel right at home, farming consists mostly of tilling plots of land, sewing seeds, and watering crops. Different crops only grow in certain seasons and wilt and die when that season ends. Each crop type requires a certain number of days to grow, some are renewable while others aren't. In addition the basics you can create various types of fertilizer that can increase the quality, speed up growth, or have a chance of retaining water, you can also install sprinklers to automatically water plants and scarecrows to prevent birds from making off with your seeds. Each season has a wide variety of plants and there's a lot to keep you interested.RANCHINGRaising animals is of course a big deal with any farming game, and this one doesn't disappoint. While in it's current state Ranching is prohibitively expensive early on due to feed costs, it is definitely an interesting and fun mid to late game activity that lets you raise a wide variety of animals including chickens, ducks, rabbits, cows, sheep, goats, pigs, and even slimes each with their own variety of products, some of which can be enhanced with various machines and many that are important components of recipes.CRAFTINGStardew Valley includes a basic but entertaining crafting system that lets you create various machines to help further refine materials such as wool into cloth, eggs, into mayonnaise, or ore into ingots. Additionally you can build furniture for your house and farm, fencing, pathways, fertilizers, scarecrows, torches, and even teleportation totems. You constantly unlock new crafting recipes by progressing through the game. It is a very intuitive process that makes it easy to know what you need to build something.MININGMining is a big part of this game and you will have access to a 120 level deep mine and a quarry that is packed full of various types of ore needed for smelting into ingots for crafting and tool upgrades, as well as a huge number of different minerals and gems that make excellent gifts or valuables for selling. The Mine is full of enemies as well as riches though and combat goes hand in hand with it, you'll fine more than rocks though, as the mine is also full of clay, various types of food, and even barrels and chests full of valuable loot. You will often find geodes you can pay the blacksmith to break open which often contain valuable contents like gems and artifacts.COMBATCombat and Mining go hand in hand, the Mine being the primary location for enemies (there are others you find later) you will fight progressively harder enemies as you descend deeper in the mine. Combat feels like classic Zelda games, though is pretty basic hack and slash. It works well for what it is and once you get the hang of it, it becomes a fun diversion that is just challenging enough to keep you paying attention without ever becoming frustrating. The enemies you encounter range from a varying number of different types of slimes, skeletons, ghosts, bats, bugs, and other kooky creatures.FORAGINGPerhaps one of the biggest draws to exploration is foraging. Each season has it's own bounty of natural plantlife to find and collect, there's always trees and rocks to harvest for timber and stone, and certain locations have their own unique items to collect like the beach, quarry, and desert, Foraging provides an excellent supplement to your income, energy levels, and as a last minute gift for a passing villager.SOCIALIZINGThe town is host to a wide number of interesting characters with their own personalities, some seem little than the sum of their tropes, and very neatly fit into a specific niche, but many of them are very interesting and fun to get to know. The benefits of talking to the townspeople and giving them gifts aren't just for atmosphere, befriend someone and they will often send you gifts in return, grant you access to their rooms, and even share special recipes with you. Additionally you can date one of several eligible bachelors or bachelorettes (regardless of your gender) and potentially marry them and even have a child.COOKINGAfter you upgrade your house you will have a kitchen available that lets you cook up tons of different recipes you find in the game, by unlocking achievements, befriending villagers, or watching TV. These cooked dishes offer greater healing and restorative benefits and are often worth more to sell, or as special gifts for your neighbors. You can also craft Brewing Kegs and Preservation Barrels to make Jellies and Alcohol.FISHINGFishing in the game is a very hit-or-miss sort of thing, The fish you can catch differ depending on time of day and location you are fishing, with a huge variety of fish and even trash you can recycle into other matierals to find. The actual fishing gameplay however is a minigame that requires you to click or release your mouse to keep the fish inside your green bar until a gauge fills up and you catch it, or it empties and you lose the fish. Early on this is a very frustrating and difficult endeavor, but as you progress you will unlock access to better fishing poles, higher fishing skill, and bait which can make the ordeal a lot more bearable.QUESTINGThe quests in the game tend to be fairly simple affairs that involve either delivering an item to someone, finding something someone lost, or killing a certain number of enemies. You will run across them either on a bulletin board in town, in your mailbox from time to time, and sometimes from other sources. They often reward you with gold and increased friendship levels and are often worth the time to do and rarely feel annoying or grinding (even fetch quests typically only want one of a certain item)ACHIEVEMENT HUNTINGTo be clear, we're not talking Steam Achievements, although the game has those as well. Instead what I mean is Stardew Valley's means of progression. What drives you to continue. In Harvest Moon games there was often some overarching story plot to save a dying town, or win over the townsfolk, or save the Goddess, Here, however we have various achievements that progress the story and unlock new opportunities and areas to explore. There is a community center that tasks you with building bundles of similar type items (spring crops, lake fish, ingots, etc.) and it rewards you with special items and once all bundles in a set are complete that part of the Community Center is restored and a big change in the world unlocked such as access to a new area or a quicker means of travel.Beyond that there is also the museum where you can donate special gems and artifacts you find for special rewards and to learn more about them.Stardew Valley is in many ways better than any Harvest Moon game and a lot of love has been put into the game, I highly recommend you try it out!"
76561198133251638,Recommended,413150,24340542,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Larry_Nesko,"Stardew Valley is a nearly perfect rural life simulator.  As an inheritor of your granfather's farm, you are able to farm, fish, mine, forage and carve out a social life amongst the idyllic burg of Pelican Town.  You can even perform civic duties such as restoring the delapidated community center or join the Adventurer's Guild and slay menacing monsters.  All of this, and more, wrapped in a wonderfully colorful package of pastel colors and soothing sounds.So why is Stardew Valley only *nearly* perfect.  Frankly, because at no point in this game do the seemingly perfect villagers toss you in a giant Wicker Man and dance hedonistically to the pleasure of their blood-lusting, pagan Gods as you are immolated.9.8/10....would want to be Edward Woodwarded again*  Seriously, though, this game is worth every penny at full price.  And I can't remember the last game I felt that way about."
,Recommended,413150,29949062,Posted: 15 February,all,Dr. Strangelove,"SummaryThis is the best game I've played in quite a long time. It is surprising how you can get everything right and hit bullseye time after time with amazing features, very detailed and rich world, countless possibilities, and enough items for you to play for weeks and still not have found all of them. This is a product of love and you can really sense it. Developed by one person (Eric Barone), it's much better than multi-million flops by huge game studios, with old-fashioned quality instead of tons of DLCs, pre-order exclusives, and no developer support.It feels a little bit like Minecraft at first, but it's hard to even compare the two. Stardew Valley is just so much more immersive, with a lot more things to do, a whole story with proper characters' backgrounds, many choices to make and a detailed world to explore.Pros1. Price. For such a great and deep game it's really a bargain.2. Characters - more than 30 characters with their own backstories, needs, hopes, dreams and everyday problems. They all have very varied daily routines, depending on the season, day of the week, and weather. This creates an amazingly plausible world.3. Stardew Valley - the whole valley and its main town - Pelican Town is amazing. I fell in love with this place and would really love to live there. It's so insanely detailed, full of details and possibilities. Different parts of the rivers and different lakes all have different kind of fish, there are different parts for foraging, farming, fishing, mining and fighting. There are also many small things like a fountain, playground, romantic spots, piers, and many more, for you to visit and explore.4. Festivals - I really love how the town lives throughout the year. There are many festivals connected to different seasons, harvest, the sea, dance, and more. The town really feels alive and full of great traditions. This gets a bit repetitive after a few years in game, though, but not that much.5. Quests - this is not a boring farming game where you do the same things over and over, and have no other things to do. In here you can explore, fight, mine, fish, but you also have quests to do. Simple things for other characters who live in the valley, but this great addition adds a lot of variety to the game.6. Bachelors and bachelorettes - you can pick your future husband of wife out of 12 possible characters, each well-written, with detailed backgrounds, dreams that you can help fulfill, and their own problems you can help them with. Even if you don't want to marry that person, you can still become their best friends and enjoy their detailed stories.7. Music - the soundtrack is simply amazing.8. Graphics - I really enjoy the style which is equally elegant and clear.9. Community Center [minor spoiler] -I really love this quest and those little Junimo creatures. It's amazing to see the whole Valley come to life again, and returning to its traditions. You really get to change literally everyone's lives for the better.10. Mods - there are many cool mods available and quite easy to install.11. Bug-free - throughout the game I haven't encountered any bugs, and that's great in my book.12. Stability - the game is amazingly stable and could probably run even on a potato.Cons (minor though)1. There could be more endgame stuff and more unique dialogues as though tend to get repetitive after a couple of years.2. Farm plot is a bit small. I have no place for my hay anymore for example or a larger orchard. It felt pretty large at first but it's not.3. I would love to see the Valley and the Town expand a bit with more people coming there to live after completing the main quest. Even with around 30 characters, it can feel a bit too small.But those are just nitpicks. The game is insanely addictive and its simplicity makes it a great casual game to play in the evening, without having to study huge manuals and remembering all the correct combinations."
,Recommended,413150,35480069,Posted: 4 October,all,Ark,"This game is stellar. All the charm of a classic Harvest Moon game, with an incredible amount of content. It's so relaxing to play."
,Recommended,413150,22273810,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,mantou boy,"> went into the intro with a big smile and expectations of a farming simulator.> sees grandpa on a bed> come on, i just want to plant some carrots!> .................> came out of the intro with tears and a dead grandpa11/10 exceeded expectations"
,Recommended,413150,21570278,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,★ Kyra ☆,"Honestly, a almost-perfect game that deserves a try from anybody who is even slightly intrested in the genre!"
,Recommended,413150,21581252,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,CQB Karila,Where to begin-desu...? The farming Silver Spoon in my heart enjoys such brilliant times as sunset and sunrise... always awaiting the new asa (morning). Shining smiles to be found in the town of blossoming friendship. Everyone smiling and reminisce of heartful days.Intense fishing action can be found. When reeling can feel intense feeling of DOKI DOKI as my mune feels fish bite. Sometimes dinner... sometimes sell it is great past-time for whole family. Once multiplay mo-do is release will definite play with Tomodachitachis and have great friendship action to build nakama and trust.Cannot waiting for this exciting age!
,Recommended,413150,21581816,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,GoddessLuna,"This game is very fun and amazing. It is so simple yet complex. Everything about it is wonderufl and the Dev is fixing bugs, adding stuff in almost every day. Its very nice and refreshing to see =)! This game also has a great community and great forums! Can't wait for the Mod Workshop and Multiplayer :D!"
76561198025416072,Recommended,413150,26940396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rincewind,"If you liked any Harvest Moon game, stop reading and get this game.If you don't know about those games, well, let's get into details.SV is puts you in the shoes of a city dweller (that you can customize, male, female, clothes, hair and eyes) that bored of the life in the city goes to live in the farm of your deceased grampa.There you have the freedom to do whatever you want.You can focus in your farm, rebuilding and make your ideal farm. You can have barns with many animals.  Farm trees for their products. Transform your harvest into procesed products. And you can arrange your farm whatever your like. Tons of things to do.If that isn't your cup of tea you can pass time fishing. The fishing mini game is really fun. A bit hard at first, but once you get it is great. Of course, for some people is the best thing ever, other people hate it. But for the last, there are mods to make it easier.And lurking somewhere, there are some elusive and legendary fish, waiting for a brave angler to catch them!You can also pass your time spelunking in the local mine, fighting mosters and getting loot and minerals. Can you reach the fabled bottom?And we can't forget the town, with plenty of interesting people to meet and befriend. Or romance. You get 6 females and 6 male candidates to woo. And you can romance your same gender. (Take that, Harvest Moon!)Also, you can just gather things in the wild, and make some profit just wandering.Or you can do everything at once. It's your call. And the more that you do things, you level the related skills, farming, mining, foraging, fishing and combat. Each level unlocks things to craft, and some neat bonuses.And, if you want some objetives, you can choose between restoring the old community center, or side with the newcomers, the Joja corp, to developt the valley.With the corp, you just need money. But if you choose the Community Center you must gather certain things to unlock rooms and get some neat rewards.Besides the TON of things to do, the pixel art is pretty nice, the music is pleasant and the game plays like a charm.There's not preassure, you can take your time and enjoy the game.In conclussion, is a great game which will give you tons of hours of fun!"
,Recommended,413150,27294586,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scarlette,Either you are HM fans or you keep thinking whether you want to buy this game or not.Just buy it.
,Recommended,413150,33509902,Posted: 13 July,all,r0ner,"This game is really hard to top if I am being honest, for $15 you get hours upon hours of content and fun.Stardew Valley is very casual, any gamer would enjoy playing it, even competitive gamers such as myself. I am writing this as someone who takes gaming competitively, and hardcore.The amount of content is astonishing, when you thought you were running out of things to do new things are brought up for you to enjoy. Farming is the basis of the game, but you can spend hours on other things in the game such as dungeoning, fishing, quests, unlocking locations to more things, it really suprised me the amount of things to do. Events also keeps you looking forward to things and gives you motivation to continue playing. Relationships also drive you to play as well, as they all have a unique story that you play for. Choosing your side (you will understand in game), searching for items, finding random things to play with all really were fun to do. Really hard to go wrong with this game when it comes to the amount of things you can do.Artwork of the game is cool, I am not really into the whole pixelated thing as that had turned me away from this game for a while, but I grew to like it more and more. The art is bright and cheerful most of the time, dark and dreary when it needs to be. They were able to make sure it all fit so well together, and they did not have any flaws whatsoever in this department.Characters were memorable to an extent. Even though there is not really any dialogue choices, or conversations you can control, you are able to find out a lot about the characters simply by saying hi everyday or gifting them once in a while. As I said before relationships was a focal point here, as you grow your relationship you can participate in unique storylines and gain access to more content within the game such as having a wife/husband or having kids. After a while though everyone does seem to become dull, and not being able to convey your own dialogue through choices is a bit annoying. I will keep the characters marked as a positive though, I am writing this review as a $15 game, not a AAA title.The last thing is the map, it is quite gorgeous if I say so myself, coming from someone who is not a fan of pixelated graphics. I just enjoyed looking at everything it made me just sit back and enjoy myself for a bit. Even though the map is small, the exploration was a lot of fun, kind of eager to see if they release a DLC where the map is larger or add a new area in general. From Pelican town to the Desert, I enjoyed playing in this location very much so.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now onto the negatives on this game (most of it is just personal opinion, take it with a grain of salt).----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Music I found to be a bit boring after a while, after playing 40+ hours I just started listening to my own music or mods that modified the soundtrack of the game.The game really had no challenge to it, the only challenege was beating Journey of the Prairie King. It is a casual game though, so I was not expecting anything anyways.Finding people for a quest is always a ♥♥♥♥♥ when you need to find them.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------In the end, this game cannot be matched by any other for the price, even at a $30 game it would still be levels ahead of competition.Worth the money in full and then some, buy it."
,Recommended,413150,21596223,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,qtgamerdoge,"Sometimes I find myself lost playing games like these. It's summer already in game, and when I thought it was 9pm, it was actually 4am.I grew up with Harvest Moon, so this game is very familiar feeling and I love it!It's a great way to pass time and to relax..even if some of the consequences of falling asleep/dying/etc can be a little intense.Now, back to spending 3 entire days gathering wood."
,Recommended,413150,21566781,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Invalidlinks,"I just cant stop playing this game!You love Harvest Moon games? Well this is a better game!It's soo addicting! and here i thought skyrim and WoW was addicting!The sense of accomplishment that you get from mining, farming and fishing is something else!Buy it! worth the money if you ask me!"
,Recommended,413150,21756152,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Zorao,"Amazing game!I played 30+ hours in less than a week and I am not even half done with the game. Go ahead and try it, you will love it!"
,Recommended,413150,23853079,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MartyrA2J,"This game is like sweet, delicious, home grown crack.I lost 100 hours in the blink of an eye. I don't regret a single thing.I can't wait to lose another 100 hours.Just one more day....just one more day....just one more day......just one...more....day....."
,Recommended,413150,21595459,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Logicbomb,Fantastic game with a large variety of things to do. The NPC are all well done and have a story to tell you if you decide to listen.  It has a well balanced time / energy managment system that keeps it fun and exciting just picking what you want to do for the day. Prepare to lose all your free time.
76561198149118257,Recommended,413150,29582374,Posted: 30 January,all,Autotune,BEST GEAM EVERRR!!!!!!?!1
,Recommended,413150,27429931,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,𝗟𝗮𝘂𝗿𝗲𝗻 🌸,Love it.
76561198014576843,Recommended,413150,33147794,Posted: 2 July,all,Porky [NiNjA] Pig,"In between some stressful DOTA or LOL matches, this is the game that makes your salt level decreased a lot..."
,Recommended,413150,33200468,Posted: 3 July,all,Rockin'Roller,Awesome game
,Recommended,413150,33165431,Posted: 2 July,all,BEANDY [BTP],Awesome Simulator! I enjoy farming and collecting resources plus the town added and all the other features makes this game very fun. I look forward to playing this game a lot. Achievements are confusing to get in my opinion but that doesn't stop this game from being a fun indie game! 9.5/10 :D
,Recommended,413150,33148093,Posted: 2 July,all,Davy,10/10 would farm again!
,Recommended,413150,21958036,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ClownLotion,Bought this for my son.Watched him play for an hour.Bought this for myself.
,Recommended,413150,21537440,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Lets_,"Game is Awesome, looking forward to Co-op, I recommend this game, if you played Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town, you'll love this game.I'll edit this review in the future, when I learn more about the game."
76561198353024950,Recommended,413150,30828209,Posted: 30 March,all,VoidShip,"This is an amazing game, you can do so much and it makes you feel relax."
76561198068849291,Recommended,413150,22239203,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DeathClaw,"One Guy made this? I am super impress. This game will steal your life. Stunning graphics, loads of stuff to do,  good, relaxing game.. The only complaint I have is with the time. It goes way to fast in the game, so you have to plan what to do daily. I highly recommend this game.  Good job, Dude. Should win game of the year."
76561198313254490,Recommended,413150,23740754,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,chobblebundle,This review will probably be buried under the mountain of positive reviews.Unbelievable game.  Highly recommended.Whee!
,Recommended,413150,21597489,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sir Fluffy,Stardew gave my life meaning again.
,Recommended,413150,29790071,Posted: 8 February,all,Dolan Da SmexyDuk Patatoe,Best game ever
76561198104205680,Recommended,413150,33145408,Posted: 2 July,all,Mantooth,Great game
,Recommended,413150,22173719,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Fir4sGamer,ادمااااااااااااااااان
76561198015035265,Recommended,413150,21610712,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jinngo,Game of the year 2016
76561198110291674,Recommended,413150,29049739,Posted: 5 January,all,Fila wildcase.com csgo500.com,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Recommended,413150,21560296,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Beats® by Dr. Deadpool,I just needed to put something here so I could recommend the game.
,Recommended,413150,33160079,Posted: 2 July,all,SeniorPigu tipofthehats.org,Is good
,Recommended,413150,21481648,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Patrick ft. Oscar,"Just bought the game! I've already seen enough footage/content to know this is an awesome game. ConcernedApe is really dedicated and skilled.I'll update this review as I play more.Update 1 - After 20 minutes:As soon as you open the game, you are greeted by an amazing soundtrack.The intro is heartwarming and sincere, beautifully made and written with care.The critters are absolutely cute.ConcernedApe was very attentive to details, especially regarding the characters' reactions (For those who don't know, even after the game was 90% ready, he kept postponing it until he felt satisfied and had fixed enough bugs.)Gameplay is simple and works great! (Pro tip: light your fireplace. Doesn't do anything, but it's wonderful.)Sorry, I won't update this anymore, I'll just keep playing.Buy this.Now.FINAL EDIT: SWEET BABY JESUS THERE'S CRAFTING THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE"
76561198129171286,Recommended,413150,32659169,Posted: 22 June,all,gone for a while,chickens
,Recommended,413150,21610228,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,デク,Do you Loved Harvest Moon?Yeah?Why have you not bought this game???
76561198036335700,Recommended,413150,21532774,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fiddy_percent,"Great game its the harvest mooon we always dreamed about, the feel of the tools is great the amount of stuff to do is amazing! Love it love it!"
,Recommended,413150,21518086,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jellybean,"Yes there are bugs. I've even ran into a gamebreaking bug where I lost one of my days.The thing is, this game is so damn good that I dont care about that. Yes its frusturating, but I sent the screenshots and the information to the Stardew Valley subreddit bug megathread, and I trust that dev will sort things out. I have absolute faith in ConcernedApe. You can tell he put his heart and soul into this game, and I for one appreciate that. This game brings me back to the time where I loved to just sit down and get lost in a world for a few hours. I thought I was never going to get that feeling back, but this game ignited that feeling in me once again. This game feels like a more mature Harvest Moon, where things are not dumbed down and mature topics are not avoided. A big kids Harvest moon, if you will.I know its been said already, but if you like Harvest Moon, and long for a game similar to Harvest Moons glory days, give this game a chance. Im sure you wont regret it."
,Recommended,413150,30045590,Posted: 19 February,all,𝓚𝓪𝓵𝒆𝒆 ✿,"This is the only game in my library I've ever played for 100+ hours. It's so amazing and once you start playing you can't seem to stop, you're always going to tell yourself ""30 more minutes"" but the minutes just add on and on. It's dangerous. I haven't seen sunlight in days. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ But would I recommend this game? 100x Yes."
,Recommended,413150,21495678,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheBowWowers,"I had THREE people i was interested in. Caroline, Emily and Robin.NONE OF THEM ARE AVAILABLE FOR MARRIAGELet the tears flow...On another note, it's a really good game, really brings back the Harvest Moon feel i have missed for so long."
,Recommended,413150,26946316,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kron,"It's an amazing game, just needs multiplayer."
,Recommended,413150,33144179,Posted: 2 July,all,Optimash,Super relaxing and engaging game that never seems to get old. Paced very well with fun interactions and the play-through feels different every time - especially with the new map types.
,Recommended,413150,33199612,Posted: 3 July,all,Lolisen,Should have gotten this game earlier!
,Recommended,413150,21517295,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,CorneliousJD,"Honestly this is a masterpiece of a game. If you've ever been a fan of the farming games (Harvest Moon) or are curious about the genre, you should absolutely buy this right away!I was a fan of Harvest Moon on the SNES, but none of the other Harvest Moon games since then every really grabbed my attention too much. I loved the idea of Rune Factory, but never played it, and I enjoyed quite a bit of Animal Crossing until I couldn't play for a few days and then I usually ended up starting over or quitting.This game is clearly inspired by Harvest Moon, but really does take upon that formula and expand on it. You not only have farming/animal management, but also a vast cave system to explore, and you can take one of two major storyline options too.What makes everything even more impressive, is that the entire game was crafted by one person, ConcernedApe, over a 4 year period. He has done every bit of pixel artwork and he's also responsible for the game engine itself, sound effects, music, etc. This game is absolutely amazing in every way."
,Recommended,413150,32932949,Posted: 28 June,all,Beeshu,"Stardew Valley: It's like Skyrim, with hoes.+ Charming pixel art.+ Extremely addictive farm management.+ Tired of farming? Go fishing, explore the mines, forage stuff to sell...+ Improve your relationship with the villagers to earn rewards and get married.+ Craft stuff to upgrade and decorate your farm.- Can get a bit repetitive.- You might wanna have the wiki at hand. Some things are too annoying to figure out by trial and error.Stardew Valley is probably the best farming game available right now. It's got some flaws, but you're still gonna be playing it for several hours straight whenever you fire it up, so who cares. Just don't forget to eat or go to the bathroom...Simolius - June 2017"
,Recommended,413150,33172646,Posted: 3 July,all,Hamster,THIS GAME IS AWESOME! BUY IT NOW! Also I can't wait for Multiplayer in the future! 10/10
,Recommended,413150,30035663,Posted: 19 February,all,Stormtrooper Aim,"When I first saw this game I was hesitant and didn't believe all the positive reviews it got. I am a gamer who much preferes action/FPS games and played CSGO all the time. I bought this game and it I see now all those reviews were right that this game is extremely addicting. I have ~40 hours at time of writing, my steam time doesn't match b/c I play offline. But this game has consumed me and I am hooked. The only negative about this is that it doesn't have steam workshop, but that itch is satisfied with the nexus mods page.10/10"
,Recommended,413150,28817748,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,bmaster23,"Great Game!-------------------------------5.0 / 5.0 Gameplay4.2 / 5.0 Grapic4.8 / 5.0 ValueFinal Score : 4.5-------------------------------Pros[+] Display pixel art is simple but yet unsightly[+] Various items, characters, items, skills, and lots of things to do[+] Very nice relaxing soundtrack to be heardCons[-] Illustration of characters is less good and less detail[-] there are still some bugs."
,Recommended,413150,33206733,Posted: 3 July,all,Finnu01,"I haven't been playing this game very long but honestly iy is one of the best games I've ever played. It reminds me of Harvest Moon with the farming aspect of the game but there's more to do that Harvest Moon ever offered. There's all finds of fantasy involved and even fighting. I bought this game during the summer sale but if I had all the money when it was full price, I would not have been dissapointed. So in short, buy this game, it's worth it."
,Recommended,413150,21579377,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Hackel,Harvest moon on PC?Hell yes.
,Recommended,413150,24104542,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Llamaliker,Really chill. It's the Harvest Moon game I've always wanted. Loses points for not having llamas though.
,Recommended,413150,22848881,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,[Dal] Circuitbomb,"I adore this game.  Not only is the setting and overall theme a beautiful experience, it also provides a great feeling of nostalgia with the artwork and audio reminiscent of earlier, older, games.Stardew Valley is a fun game to play.  The lore and storyline is attractive.  The fishing minigame is one of the best I've encountered.  There's plenty to do in the game and the pacing is is adequate for the journey that unfolds.I recommend this game to anyone that loves pixel art games and enjoys farming and foraging gameplay, but also to anyone that likes a bit of cave diving as well."
,Recommended,413150,22082214,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,VimiZap,"I bought this game yesterday. I am allready really good at it. Only died twice in the mines, the girls in the town are ignoring me and crows keep stealing my crops.10/10 would be ignored again"
,Recommended,413150,21654520,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jahsee,"Definitely one of my favorite games of all time ♡ I could write a book about why I love Stardew Valley but in a nutshell it's a charming, relaxing, and highly addictive game with high replay value. The characters are great and the music is awesome :-D Still so much to do even post-storyline!!"
,Recommended,413150,27920205,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,henz,A masterpiece considering the entire game is entirely crafted by one guy. The game is FULL of content and secrets. A great game if u want to sit back and take a break from the hardships of your real life.
,Recommended,413150,24436361,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,rihahari,">Married a girl from the town.>Got a gift for another girl in the town.>Came back, wife heard about the news and doubt my loyalty.>Panicked, went to the mines to search for her favorite mineral.>Came back with the mineral only to find her asleep.11/10 will Panic againExcellent RPG, good in game mechanics and interesting npc. Love this game!Update: Amazing dev! Version 1.1 is awesome, keep it up!"
,Recommended,413150,21808999,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,English Spitfire,">sees crush in town square>here goes nothing.jpg>decide to give her flowers, can't go wrong with flowers>'Thanks anon! How did you know I was hungry?'11/10 Would feed goat girlfriend again."
,Recommended,413150,33144213,Posted: 2 July,all,Robezno,"9/10 - I love this game, not only due to the fact that is all happiness and forgiveness (if you miss a crop/fish/item one year, there's always more to come, no consequences) but more importantly for the perfect combination of resource management and dungeon crawler.Also the philosophical side of it it's great for those times when the life in the city and the modern times wear you down :)"
,Recommended,413150,24847033,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,J102y,"Usually when I play a game for over 100 hours on Steam, its because the game is something special.Special doesn't even begin to describe this game, just buy it and quit reading reviews."
76561198089543109,Recommended,413150,24532660,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,blitzhellion,"Surprisingly engaging and almost therapeutic with bright visuals, lovingly crafted NPCs and little surprises around every corner. Considering I've already logged 150+ hours, it's definitely worth the money. The future is likely to bring new and interesting elements to the late-game, which is currently a little lacking, if you're an obsessive player like myself."
,Recommended,413150,21543001,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bear,"Literally ""Comfy: The Game""."
76561198044073402,Recommended,413150,21494044,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,iMad,"Are you a Harvest Moon and Rune Factory fan?Do you like comfy agricultural management game with a side of dungeon crawling element?Do you like romancing 2D waifus and husbandos and make babies?If you answered all ""Yes"", then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,413150,21511949,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Corey,"Phenomenal homage to the Harvest Moon series. Plays exactly as you'd expect, and if you have extensive Harvest Moon experience you will undoubtedly feel at home immediately. With 4 player coop on the horizon, this is a must-buy for anyone looking for a relaxing game to play."
,Recommended,413150,21627491,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mr. Red Pants,"I've been hyped for this game for 3 years now and as a result I had very high expectations. Rarely does a game manage to go above and beyond them - but Stardew Valley has. Everything about this game is beautiful: the pixel art, the music, the mechanics. Everything in the game just feels very hand crafted and unique. I 100% recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,413150,21591150,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Vape Naysh,This game is heroin.
,Recommended,413150,21659930,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Enrico,"An amazing RPG that has got me hooked, I haven't been addicted to a game of this type in a while. Great story, farming, fishing, mining and more. It's got charm, it's feature rich, and it's very very addictive. The steam reviews and ratings don't lie."
76561198309233754,Recommended,413150,29072917,Posted: 6 January,all,Kuzco,Help! I've only had this game for 3 days and I've played over 20 hours I need help!
,Recommended,413150,33246548,Posted: 4 July,all,F0rti,"Super relaxing and engaging game with the classic 16 bit graphics throughout the game. The game goes very well, with fun interactions and the replayability of this game is excellent. This game has the perfect balance of reward/punishment with a good combination of resource management and the dungeon crawler feel.Honestly, this game is perfect, the gameplay, the storyline, the retro artstyle, the soundtrack and the overall feeling of exploring and discovering new things is just flawlessly made.11/10 worth the money, vast amount of content whichwillmake you happy."
,Recommended,413150,21608358,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,trash panda,"I was home sick from work on the day this game was released. I'd never heard about it before, but that day I saw a tweet about it and a couple videos on YouTube about it and decided to buy it on impulse.I then proceeded to play this game my entire sickly 3 day weekend, regretting absolutely nothing.This is one of the few games I really felt I had enough ~feelings~ about to warrent a review, but wanted to wait until I'd gotten at least through my first ingame year. Now I can speak freely about why this game is fantastic and why I really do feel that it's worth the full price.THE BASICSEnough reviews mention this game's similarity to Harvest Moon that I don't feel I really need to say anything about it. In a way, I feel that's almost not giving this game enough credit. While yes, it has a lot of similarities to the Harvest Moon series (it's a 2d farming game, shocker) there is so much content and so much of its own, unique character that I have to say I prefer this to Harvest Moon.This game world feels alive. Between the music, the little details of animals darting through the underbrush, the NPCs each acting uniquely from one another, I never feel like I'm playing the same day over and over again. The NPCs are surprisingly good, too - and the fact that you can romance any of the singles regardless of gender means you can go for the ones you actually like the most. I didn't, and just married some jock who likes steak, because at least we had that in common and I always knew where to find him. Now he sometimes waters my crops and gets butthurt when I give gifts to anyone else, but the multiple game slots means I can make another character and see how the other relationships pan out later.THE PROS-The game is gorgeous.It doesn't look as much like it's trying to be retro as it looks as though it's making the most of its medium. The world is bright and vibrant, even in winter, and as another reviewer mentioned the NPC portraits are really good!-The music is fantastic.In HM games, I found myself getting tired of the music always playing on loop. In this game, there's a few different tracks per season and weather, and they aren't constantly playing. The music always stays fresh and enjoyable.-Customizing your farm.Unlike in HM, where all your farm buildings are placed for you, there's a pretty deep crafting system on top of the fact that once you can afford something like a barn or a coop, you get to pick where to place it. You also get a very visible sense of progression from this feature. I am so overwhelmed by this feature. I have no idea what I'm doing. Half of my farm is overrun with trees and the other half just has cows and chickens roaming around randomly. Also I have a bat-cave. They bring me fruit. A+-Talent system!What a fun thing. Each of your skills has a certain number of points. As you level up, these get improvements, and every 5 (I believe) you get to pick a 'talent' of sorts. This will be a lot of fun to play with using new characters and seeing how different builds can affect your game.-There's always something to do.Even in winter, which is usually dead in these types of games, the new features such as the mine and the community center upgrades keep you busy. You can also just use the time to befriend NPCs, harvest resources for building, or whatever strikes your fancy. You always feel like there's something you need to do, without really feeling pressured if you don't get everything done.-The developer clearly loves this game.It's an impressive feat on its own that a single person made this game, but the fact that it turned out this incredible and is being constantly improved with patches even so soon after its release shows that this game is important to him. That on its own is fantastic. It was also fully functional at release, which (sadly) seems to be a feat in and of itself these days.THE CONS((Don't worry. This section will be small and largely nitpicky, but I felt it was only fair to include.))-Hitboxes are a little wonky.The layering of assets, for example, seems to always favor one that's 'on top' of the other? Difficult to explain, but basically the hitboxes of animals and items seems to vary a lot, and can interfere with interactions with other items that really seem like they shouldn't be close enough to cause issues.-The fishing system.I understand how the fishing system works, and yet, I don't at all understand how it works. It confuses and enrages me.-Some resources seem oddly distributed.There was a recent patch to speed up the growth of hay, and I hope that solves the issue there, but other resources are almost unbalanced in comparison to one another. I don't know if this is just my luck or something, but I have so much more ore than I do coal it's ridiculous. Ore shows up in visible nodes in the mine, while coal is random. Hardwood does not appear to be renewable, and breaking hardwood fences destroys the fence instead of dropping the item to be picked up again.-All my cows are, well cows - female - but one of them got pregnant at some point. There was no explanation for this. I just woke up one morning and the game told me Tri-Tip had a calf in the night. Not really a con, just kind of odd with how little prompting or warning there was for the event. It has not happened since, either.FINAL THOUGHTS TO END THIS OBSCENELY LONG RANTI apologize for my review. I am not used to writing these kind of things, but I really hope this was at least a little helpful to potential buyers. As is pretty obvious, my cons were largely oddities and things easily fixed. Aside from those few nitpicks, there's nothing I can think of in this game that I dislike.except for fishingThis game is fantastic, definitely worth the $15 USD I payed for it, and I look forward to seeing how this game continues to grow and develop over time. I'm completely addicted now, which is probably why I'm still sick a week later with this stupid cold, but it's worth it for how much I've deeply enjoyed playing this game. This is the type of game I've had a huge craving for lately - the release couldn't have been better timed, and I am so glad I caught wind of it.Buy this game if it looks at all interesting to you."
,Recommended,413150,21575229,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,GrishordGames.com,Worth every bit; will be crazy fun when multiplayer is added.
76561198041415835,Recommended,413150,21578815,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mouse,"As somebody who isn't often compelled to write reviews - the exact number of times I've been incensed to hop on and write one is zero - Stardew Valley blew my expectations out of the water and I feel as though I need to join the other 3,000+ users who are publicly singing its praises.I like farming games. You know, the ones that reward you for lazily mulling around and enjoying the scenery, the ones that don't briskly shove you into anything or rush you along. Stardew Valley lets you move at a pace of your own choosing. There are so many things to do that even 11 hours in, I feel as though I've still barely scratched the surface. I've loved every Harvest Moon game that's cropped up (no pun intended) and I expected Stardew Valley to be akin to those games. It's better. It has the Midas touch of a developer who has truly devoted countless hours into polishing, pored over every detail and considered every possibility. It exudes the passion and dedication that was put into it.PROS+ Endless hours of gameplay.+ The fishing. Some people are going to disagree with me, but I love the occasional challenge it presents.+ It is visually gorgeous - every tree, building and shrub is perfect. The water is mesmerizing.+ Unlike other farming-focused titles, it has combat! I'm down with any game that lets me murder happy slimes.+ Complete creative freedom to build your own farm as you want it.+ The soundtrack is catchy and fits beautifully.+ I could just about write ""the game in its glorious entirety"" here, but it'd make my review pretty short.CONS- Not so much a con as a personal preference (read: it's really not even a con, to be honest), it can sometimes be difficult to track down NPCs when you need them. I'd have liked to see icons on the map or some other way to more easily locate people to complete jobs and romance them (mostly Abigail).- You move slowly. Not glacially, but still slowly. The horse is expensive and at the end of a long list of things that I feel need to be prioritized over it (again, this is more of a personal preference). I think a pair of boots that increases speed a little might be a nice idea.- When items have been donated to the museum, there isn't much of a write-up for each object. Not a big deal, but it'd be nice to see more information about the trinkets you pick up.In conclusion, if you're a fan of the genre, growing parsnips or just stealing breadsticks out of people's trash and haven't bought the game yet, it is SO INCREDIBLY CHEAP for the countless hours of enjoyment it offers. It is absolutely worth shelling out for."
76561198261911814,Recommended,413150,21488175,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Tnangel,"Played almost 7 hours since it was released, a must have game ! must get strength and play more! :)"
76561197972448127,Recommended,413150,21492547,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bking,"Well playing with 6 hours of gameplay I am happy to say I am VERY PLEASED with the game that ""1"" person has made.The map is large in my opinion.A good amount of NPC'sLots of things to do (crafting, side quests etc)I love how you fishHow you just can't give a gift to the people 1 a day and have to wait a week to be able to give another 2 gifts a week.The stamina, a lot of stamina in my opinion....maybe too much, but thats just meThe farming aspect is great, im my own opinion alows better flow in the game.I have not seen anything wrong in this game. To me this game is Great!I have not had any problems with this game."
,Recommended,413150,21493355,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,✪ Xylixar,"I don't write many reviews... Most games just don't deserve them these days. I've sunk 9 hours into this game today, and plan on sinking ATLEAST the same ammount every day for the forseen future. I don't normally play RPG style farming games, mostly FPS in the recent months, and this game has turned my eyes to a new light of gaming. Stardew Valley is much more innovative and intuitive than other games in its genre, and I hope that the dev team continues to work on this game in their best efforts so that everyone can experience the 4 player co-op sometime this year. (My original plans were to wait until the multiplayer came out to give it a try, but I didn't have anything else to do... Man was I happy I tried this game early!) Everyone... Even if you don't normally play this kind of a game... PLEASE give it a chance! I'm sure you wont be dissapointed!Pros:Time continues while indoors.Amazing art style alongside an astounding soundtrack.Hours upon Hours of content and replayability.(4 player co-op? Soon? C'mon guys you've got this!)Cons:To be honest... I really can't think of any!I haven't run into any bugs AT ALL. This game is very well polished, and is defentally worth the price they're asking!The ONLY issue I've encountered, was that a friend of mine lost his tools and had to start a new character/world by putting his stuff in a chest that he placed in the mines... Within an hour of him saying something to the developers on Twitter, there was already a patch out to fix his problem, and the problems of many others. Keep it up Stardew Valley Team! You're a keeper!"
,Recommended,413150,21486988,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Achros,"This is literally the first time I've written a review, but I must say that this game deserves it.As an owner of every single Harvest moon/SoS game, and avid fan of the series since it first began, I held kind of high expectations for a game that boasted to be heavily inspired by the series, and I must say that it's so far absolutely met those expectations, and even surpassed them! Stardew Valley is truly the game that any Harvest Moon fan has been waiting for.The controls are fluid and responsive, the sound effects match everything that is happening, the music is relaxing and well-written, it's easy to resize the window to fit your needs, the art is pleasing to the eye--I really could go on and on... My most favourite thing about the game, however, is how immersive it is. Sometimes you'll see frogs hop by, or birds that fly away when you run past them, and the NPC's even greet each other when they pass one another, and for a game that was crafted entirely by one person, it's astonishing how in tune to the fine details the dev was.My only gripe is while the controls are responsive and make sense, they do take some getting used to, it's easy to fumble up your finger placement and open up your inventory when you're trying to walk. But, I suppose that is something easily fixed in the options. Also, the running speed is a tad slow, if you find yourself uncomfortably holding shift for too long, you can actually turn running on automatically in the options, which is a fantastic option... but it still takes a while to get around town compared to how quickly time can go by.Not only is the game itself fantastic, but the dev is as well. I've been following this game for around 3 years, and as i've kind of lurked the website and forum, I was thoroughly impressed with how well the dev stayed in contact with the games patient fanbase. He made sure to keep everyone in the loop, and is very active on twitter and in the games forum, responding to questions and concerns in a timely manner. While I was very excited for the game to come out, having such an active dev made it so much easier to be patient and wait, knowing that the game was well on it's way and I knew what to expect.Kudos to you, ConcernedApe! You've truly created a piece of art, and I for one was happy to recommend the game to all my game-loving friends, and even bought a couple copies to share with them! :) I look forward to seeing any future updates and watching this game thrive!EDIT: He changed the speed you run! So my gripes aren't quite as valid anymore! Just another demonstration about how in tune the dev is with the community. Very pleased, I've been playing this game non-stop since I got it."
,Recommended,413150,21490869,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ArteezyThailand,"im a fan of Harvest moon , I just bought Harvest Moon on mobile last month, i played for 10 mins and i knew it wasn't Harvest moon i used to play. Now I'm playing this game, within 5 min i can feel the Harvest Moon feeling and this game is actually better. you can tell that the developer put love into this gameand it works with my xbox one controller !10/10 would fishing again."
,Recommended,413150,21497379,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Unprdctbl,"From the Beggining, I knew this game was heading in the right direction. ""A Harvest Moon like Game on PC? GENIUS!"" But not only that, The Developer of this game was an absolute saint. He kept the community well informed and refused to give us an Early Access unfinished game. So Far I'm 8 hours in, and I'm really pleased the way this game has turned out. If you love Harvest moon, I really recommend you snag this game. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,413150,21506062,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ImortalFalcon,"A great farm game with plenty of things to do. Economics are fair, you're always striving for that next upgrade to production without having too much or too little cash thrown at you. You can supplement your farming with plenty of other activities if the crop life gets a bit much, like adventuring or fishing just to name a few.If you feel like you've grown tired of playing your favorite version of Harvest Moon one too many times and want something fresh, without sacrificing ease-of-use features, this game is for you."
,Recommended,413150,21492708,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,blammer,"Have been waiting for many years for the game to be released, well done ConcernedApe! Single developer and he's done so many things right with the game. Music is wonderful, sprites and art is beautiful, gameplay can be improved with future patches since there are some issues with the hitbox when initiating conversation with NPCs.Can't wait for the future multiplayer patch which will be free :DIf you loved Harvest Moon/ Rune Factory/ Animal Crossing WITH future multiplayer aspect then you gotta get this game."
76561197971199517,Recommended,413150,21500330,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Brisbane,Stardew Valley is thoroughly enjoyable.The level of detail and the large variety ofthings to do will beckon your return againand again.The music and cute pixelly graphics area superb combination that enframes thestory and gameworld perfectly.--
,Recommended,413150,32955872,Posted: 28 June,all,DigitalSchism,Now I want a farm.
,Recommended,413150,33187636,Posted: 3 July,all,Moonman,"Playing game for a bit pretty fun like it.Hmm lemme optimize my farming.jpglooks up list of most profitable crop.spends each day of Autumn desperatly trying to water all of the 10,000,000 cranberries I planted.has to stay up till two each day and can do nothing else all season.end of Autumn im absurdly rich and I have carpal tunnelcranberries/10"
,Recommended,413150,21481257,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Naughty Flavored Poptarts,"This is a pretty great game that I followed and anticipated for a while. Think of Harvest Moon that you can play on a PC! Its pretty cute and they are trying to go for a furute with multiplayer which seems like it would be a blast. One man worked on it he did a damn fine job, give it a try."
,Recommended,413150,21484876,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Spectre7m,Good relaxing game well worth the $15 asking price.
,Recommended,413150,33347525,Posted: 7 July,all,XVI Jazz,"This is an excellent charming game. I've never played harvest moon so i can't really talk about how similar it is but quite a few people say they share feactures. This game is great, however after a handful of hours it can turn into a grind. If you aren't exactly shure what you should be doing then it can turn into a sleeping simulator. However when you do know what you are doing you oftenly run out of energy. While this is easily fixed mid to late game, early game this is a huge pain. There are some mods that can make the game easier and more enjoyable without breaking the game and i suggest you look for them youself if you plan on really putting hours into this. I think once you get over the initial hurtle of figuring out what to do this game can become alot more fun for some people and boring for others."
76561198054140780,Recommended,413150,21557791,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Jubal Early,"I have never played Harvest Moon. I don't really enjoy aimless, games like Minecraft and Terraria (Oh, Terraria, I have started this one a dozen times and it just does nothing for me). But I like Stardew Valley. I don't feel rushed or forced into any of my decisions, and it is just about the most relaxing game I have ever played.If you are looking to have a beer, watch netflix, and do ""something else"" at the same time. This one is for you. Apparently I can make my own beer later on....awesome."
,Recommended,413150,21612951,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,CaptThad,"It's like the original Harvest Moon on SNES in all the right ways, with modernized game system improvements in all the right areas.  I've been waiting for years to get a game like this on PC, and the dev greatly surpassed my expectations for a 1-man indie project. If you've ever enjoyed Harvest Moon, you'll love this.Hard to put down though.  Managed to clock 11 hours on the day I bought it."
,Recommended,413150,32879426,Posted: 27 June,all,Nahic,For the first time in my lifetime people like me.
76561198041565288,Recommended,413150,27119352,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,exxexeex,I can count it the best game of the year.
,Recommended,413150,34136973,Posted: 9 August,all,jumbospice,"What I Like: Beautiful retro feel that fans of the Harvest Moon series will appreciate. Lots of replay value. Fun cast of characters. A variety of ways to customize and build your experience. Soundtrack. Did I mention the soundtrack?What I Disliked: When you marry Shane, he still leaves beer bottles all over the floor. There should be an option to make him clean it up. Like, really? You move into my beautiful farmhouse and just leave trash on the floor? You're not the man I married, Shane!"
,Recommended,413150,27288703,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TAW|RedFerrari,"I cannot even begin to explain how enjoyable this game is. It's just so joyful to play that I don't know if I can easily explain it. It's a game in the same style as Harvest Moon as in you run and keep a farm with crops and farm animals in a small community. I find this game very peaceful and charming even though I am not naturally interested in it's concept. I think if I try to explain this in sentences i'll just get muddled, so here's a list of what I liked:Graphics are really nice. I like the pixely style. Pixel art style means it can run on practically anything too.Wide variety of stuff to do besides farming such as fishing, foraging and mining.Tons of hidden things to discover and find.Two different story routes (Community center/Jojacorp) both different from one another.Characters are all memorable and charming in their own way. One of the few games where I can name everyone by appearence alone.Fantastic soundtrack.Mod support and plenty of mods to choose from.I'm sure there's stuff I missed and this game isn't all perfection (I think relationship building could use some work because it's literally just talk/gift but the cutscenes that accompany it are great) but it's a definite recommendation from me, especially if you are a Harvest Moon fan."
,Recommended,413150,30735716,Posted: 25 March,all,KarmaDoe,this game is really relaxing to play.  Better than many triple A games!
,Recommended,413150,22615348,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,lovinglife139,"Stardew Valley aims to pick up where the phenomenal farm/life simulation series Harvest Moon left off. While it succeeds in most respects, it also has its share of detriments. I have been a huge fan of the Harvest Moon games for twenty years. I have owned many of them on multitudes of systems from Nintendo and Playstation, including handheld renditions. I went into Stardew Valley expecting the same relaxing gameplay, including farming, dating, and overall life simulation elements where the main goal is to build your way up in the world and find someone to settle down with.For the most part, Stardew Valley nails it. The game is so similar to some Harvest Moon titles that it would feel like a blatant rip-off if the developer wasn't clear about his love for the series that ""inspired"" it. You start out as a person who is tired of the city/corporate lifestyle and takes on your grandfather's offer to move out to Pelican Town and begin trying to make your way as a farmer. As per the HM formula, you start out with very little money and no friends, and you must work your way up to being a full-fledged farmer by farming, fishing, mining, and foraging, using the money you make to fund a bigger farm, bigger buildings, better crops, animals, etc. In your free time you will be talking amongst the villagers and making friends by having conversations and giving them gifts that they like from your farm or otherwise. You can find a spouse to marry and even have two kids, if you wish it.What does Stardew Valley do better than the HM series? In my opinion, farm animals are easier to take care of. You can let them roam free and they'll automatically return to the barn at night, or stay in the barn while it's raining. In HM, you had to herd them in and out, and keeping them outside could render them sick. You also have the ability to have gay relationships in Stardew Valley, which I appreciated. I like male/male relationships (for purely scientific reasons, I assure you) and was pleased to be able to woo a man as a man.What does Stardew Valley do worse than the HM series? Again, this is my opinion. First of all, romantic relationships are disappointing. Harvest Moon games were some of the only games back in the '90s/'00s that had dating sim elements that were easily accessible to me as a little girl who gamed, and thus, the dating sim elements were hugely important to me. Each character had her/his own cutscenes, including cutscenes you would oversee showing your choice of woman/man with your competitor for their love. Stardew Valley has some of these (not the competitor cutscenes, however), but the cutscenes simply aren't as good, as frequent, or as heartfelt as the games that serve as its inspiration. Stardew Valley is also sorely hurting for tutorials for beginners to the genre. Veterans of HM will figure it out and be right at home, but there were many times where even I had missed something because it was not explained or clarified. Mining in the game is terrible compared to the HM series. Mining used to be a hobby I enjoyed greatly to make extra money and to harvest gems that were great for gifts. In Stardew Valley, they not only introduce combat (something inspired by Harvest Moon's sister series, Rune Factory), but they merge it in with mining, and I abhor this. Combat feels out of place in a relaxing farm sim. It requires extra tools (armor and a weapon), it is terribly done (i.e. not fun or strategic), and unfortunately, it is required. Many quests will require items from the mines (including monster loot), and a lot of farm equipment you build requires ingredients from the mine. Dying from combat will result in a loss of both gold and items in your inventory, which is unrealistic in a game like this (slimes can carry away hundreds of dollars in gold and equipment?), and also a punch in the gut for most players in their early first year, when gold is hard to come by. Lastly, Stardew Valley is much shorter than many games in the HM series, and it becomes too easy to make a lot of gold too quickly (within your first year you can expect to have bought many buildings and upgraded them, for example). It is also much easier (and less time consuming) to woo people, which is a little bit of a relief, but simply makes the game way too easy after the first year. You'll find too quickly that you have little to do once everything is upgraded, because you'll be making tons of money with little to spend it on.Overall, Stardew Valley is an awesome effort made by just one man, and I applaud him. It cannot replace Harvest Moon, but it offers a competent and fun replacement for those who miss new releases of the series or simply do not own a Nintendo console. With tweaks and improvements, I have faith that Stardew Valley can overwhelm the market share that Harvest Moon has unfortunately abandoned. I hope that the developer listens to feedback and continues to create successors to Stardew Valley. It is clear that there is a high demand for farming/life sims, and it is also clear that ConcernedApe has talent in making them."
,Recommended,413150,33202141,Posted: 3 July,all,SucksToSuck,10/10 fishing simulator
,Recommended,413150,31475970,Posted: 30 April,all,FlyingTaco4,Amazing game. Could not say any better. I prefer this over the games nintendo makes such as maple story and rune factory series. It's like animal crossing but without town renovation and animals as residents. Great graphics 10/10 great gameplay mechanics 10/10 Must have game for people who have played Any of the Animal Crossing series. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,33157122,Posted: 2 July,all,Handsome young man,"Man, at first I was like, WTF, I don't want to spend the next couple of hours getting rid of all the mess on the site. But then I spent 17 hours in front of my computer, unable to stop. It somehow clicked, and now I'm hooked.If I feel like a party-goer, I can walk around, talk to people, influence their lives and make decisions. On quiter days, I just pack my rod, fire up my vape IRL and just spend a couple of in-game days fishing. It's actually incredible.One of the more remarkable experiences I, as a person, have had lately."
76561198133607406,Recommended,413150,28085139,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Slickety As Frickety,"This game is sooooo relaxing, and gives you so much freedom"
,Recommended,413150,33145250,Posted: 2 July,all,Adamisnothere,Slow as ♥♥♥♥ at first but then it gets pretty good and you get into the grind
76561198044699145,Recommended,413150,33150850,Posted: 2 July,all,SneeMcLee,"Lots to do, fun game, day goes by in a blink."
,Recommended,413150,21897197,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Allelujah,"Okay so just going to gush real quick before going on with the review........OH SWEET GOD YES!!!! I loved the Harvest Moon and Rune Factory games growing up and this came completely out of no where for me, I had no idea it existed, I only found out about it when it popped up on my YouTube feed so big thanks to ProJared for that.Anyway now that's out of the way lets get on with it-so coming into this I had a pretty good idea of what to do thanks to all the time I've spent playing games like Harvest Moon and Rune Factory so if you've played games from those series you'll figure it out pretty quick there are a few things that are different or that I think they could have done better but over all really great game.For those of you new to this particular genre Stardew Valley is essentially a farm sim, or to put it in the simplest of terms, its a chore simulator xD hahaha, no but seriously you start the game with a run down farm that you are charged with restoring to its former glory, there is a town near by with many characters that you can talk to, become friends ands some of which you can even marry, farm sell crops get gold upgrade your tools and house, buy more buildings for your farm chicken coops, barns, etc... But ultimately your goal is to have fun.Overall the game is pretty much a PC version of the Harvest Moon or Rune Factory games and Im not saying that's a bad thing for those who are fans of those games (like myself) will find this game of great enjoyment and will easily lose hours playing it, for those looking to get into this genre Stardew Valley is a cheap alternative and will give you a good idea as to whether or not you will enjoy it, for those who just come along it is truly a fun game that is hugely replayable and unlike most new games will take a considerable amount of time and devotion to finish.As for me Im going to keep playing, and having a tonne of fun made all the better with all the nostalgia.(Like all my reviews I do not put a score as it is my belief that games like all forms of art are subjective and therefore it is impossible to afix a number to them)"
,Recommended,413150,22086984,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,LinaVx,"It's a serious time killer, made by a single guy (and he nailed it),  doesn't get repetitive easily, has possibly the nicest community on steam, that single dev made the game supports the game like a madman with patches, content updates, constant communication. Only downside is that the price for this game is so low, you might want to buy few copies after playing and gift them out. Buy and play it damnit.PS. Fishing isn't hard, it just has a different mechanic and when you get the gist of it. It's a good challenge and a good part of the game."
76561198094656207,Recommended,413150,32931643,Posted: 28 June,all,Axle Knight (Miner Shroom),Oh boy I'm gonna waste my life here on this game
76561198020231347,Recommended,413150,21993994,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Arrow,"As of version 1.06, Stardew Valley is a great game with a lot of stuff to do...until you reach the end game.When first playing this game the player will feel overwhelmed with all there is to do. You have to maintain your land and grow crops, improve your home and build barns and coops for animals, forage and fish for additional income and resources, fight through an abandon mine for loots and more resources, befriend the local town and maybe start a family, and (depending on the player's choice) either collect a wide range of items to unlock additional areas and mechanics through the community center or side with JoJaMart and just buy them instead. All of these are available to the player within an hour or so of starting.The problem is nothing replaces them once they have been completed. Once you complete the Community Center collect-a-thon the majority of the items in the game lose their valve, becoming nothing more than vendor trash. The combat feel similar; once you finish the mines there is nothing to do until you can get to the dessert (another Community Center unlocks) and try the 'endless dungeon'. Outside of a single quest to reach level 25 the only reason to visit it is for Iridium Ore; there are no special weapons or equipment to be found there, it don't even have the monster slayer challenge that the mines offers. By the beginning of year 2 the player can unlocked enough for their farm to effectively produce endless money, it's just a matter of how much you can earn in a day. But once you've upgraded your house and tools there really isn't anything else to spend your money on, minus one very expensive end game item. Money becomes useless the moment you're not scrambling to make ends meet.A big part of this problem is there is nothing pushing the player forward but themselves. There is no hunger bar requiring you to eat so farming is only about how much money you can make. There are no bills or debt so money is just for upgrading or buying new seeds. Nothing is stopping the player from succeeding except the limit of what one can do in a single day. There needs to be an obstacle in the way of the player getting what they want that can ramp up with the player's abilities. Perhaps after you net yourself your first hundred thousands JoJaMart starts interfering with your farm out of fear of competitions, such as driving down prices so valuable cash crops are no longer so lucrative. Maybe after year 2 there are droughts that making watering crops harder or have a regional demand for a certain crop that makes them sells for a different price. I don't mean to go off on a rant but the game needs challenge, once the balls starts rolling for the player it never slows down and it just leaves the player feeling empty.That being said, after only owning this game for about ten days ConcernedApe has already release two separate updates, one to slow down how quickly you gain that mid to late game money and the other to improve marriages. In a recent IAMA on Reddit he stated that there are more plans for endgame so at some point I'll hopefully have to revisit my opinion. But, as the game stands now, it's still a fun and interesting game but loses steam right when the player should feel like they are finally ready to take on the world. Once some endgame content or some fail-states has been added I'm certain it'll be a Game of the Year contender."
76561198005399377,Recommended,413150,21591797,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Palcon_Funch,"if you are a fan of the Harvest Moon games (or Animal Crossing, for that matter) you really need to consider making the purchase. you run a farm, and live in a lively village full of characters with personality. as seasons pass you grow different crops, upgrade your farm, care for livestock and grow with the village as you forge friendships with the residents and participate in monthly festivals. you can fish, explore mines, craft tons of farm upgrades, make tons of gold and still find things to buy or upgrade or expand. the pacing and progression is pitch perfect. it's not a fast paced game but it is rich in content and you aren't going to find yourself wanting to just grind on your farm, go to bed early and get to the next day. you're rewarded for productively using your time, and it doesn't wear you down. there's alot to see and do here and you can easily sink 100 hours or more into a game like this. and that's without the multiplayer functionality (yet to be implemented, but coming!) we may even have access to mods and DLC down the line. highly, highly recommend.also, the soundtrack is one of my favorites in a game, ever."
,Recommended,413150,21610887,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Gurgle Burgler,Pure Heroin.
,Recommended,413150,21576893,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Afterlifesol,"Very enjoyable, if your looking for designed for PC Fantasy/Farming/Rural Social game. This is the one to get. Better Farming Simulator, then Farming Simulator! Better Fighting Simulator then Fighting Simulator!Cute, Charming highly recommended! Fans of Harvest Moon, and Rune Factory, will have a blast. With multiplayer coming as a free DLC should become an amazing game to play with friends.Ten homegrown strawberrys for all!"
,Recommended,413150,21595791,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MrJBeetle,This is the best game about working there is...10/10
76561198042024582,Recommended,413150,21631431,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Voitan_Rex,"Pretty good Harvests Moon game, it will eventually have co-op.  The potential for cucking other players out of their waifus will be hilarious."
,Recommended,413150,21830858,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Torasko,"There haven’t been many farming simulation role-playing games in the last few years. Games like Story of Seasons, formerly known as Harvest Moon, and Animal Crossing are basically it, and they mostly get released on Nintendo’s platforms. This means there is an untapped market for these kinds of games, and this is where indie developer ConcernedApe’s Stardew Valley comes in.More at:http://www.torasko.com/2016/03/recommendation-stardew-valley/"
,Recommended,413150,33645447,Posted: 18 July,all,Daddy,"Saw about 20 minutes or so of gameplay for this game from some youtuber a long time ago. I was hesitant to get this game, but needing a game to relax alone with, I tried it out. Best $15 I've every spent for a game on Steam. Very amazing pixel art, the game designer is an amazing guy, and the game itself is one of the most enjoyable continuous singleplayer games I've ever played. A massive change of pace for every game I play is a game of killing things and getting better and better items to get stronger. This is a very welcome change of pace with the peaceful nature of the game, and very sweet and cute interactions with the characters."
,Recommended,413150,21544329,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,HELP IM SO BAD,"Incredibly refreshing to see a developer who is as dedicated and diligent as ConcernedApe.This game is one-of-a-kind as far as games go today, one of the best games I've ever played.So deep, so detailed; with over 100 hours of gameplay, an amazing soundtrack, so much attention to detail and so much amazing art. The game is perfect, and the developer is one of the most attentive in the entire business right now.Gaming would be completely different if only there were more people like him.If you're wondering whether or not this game stands up to the hype - it exceeds it. 3 years in the making and it genuinely shows, this game beats ANY other one-man project that has ever been created, absolutely and completely.This is the best game I've ever played in terms of the level of work that has gone into it. Simply outstanding.If you only buy one game this year, buy this.If you want to support a developer who is wholly dedicated to his craft, someone whose love for games really shows through in his creation, someone who actually cares what his audience wants and needs, buy this game.Go on, buy it now. Do it. You won't be disappointed.And if you're wondering: the verdict among everyone who I've spoken to, friends and strangers, is that this game beats EVERY SINGLE Harvest Moon there's ever been in terms of depth, gameplay and fun. That's no small feat for a single developer held up against one of the most popular and talked about series of all time. This is truly something incredible.Games and developers like this don't come along often at all; few will ever be able to produce something as strong as this game no matter how hard they try - ConcernedApe has proven he is the pinnacle polymath when it comes to indie developers. This is pure talent. Really, really impressed."
76561198335290272,Recommended,413150,33165341,Posted: 2 July,all,PurpleShadyTyler,15/10 This game is awesome
76561198129685655,Recommended,413150,21731477,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,[HTT] Zoot,"A heap ofHarvest Moon, a dash ofTerraria, and a hint ofAnimal CrossingThat's only a few titles you can compareStardew Valleyto. Yes it isaddictingWhat's more amazing is the developer is just one person. One!Expecting great things from this game in the future! (Looking forward to Co-op!)"
,Recommended,413150,21600064,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,monzta,"Living in a small village. Lot of cows and farms everywhere. Hate that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Instead, i am playing PC games like Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,413150,26788029,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McBore,"You'd think this genre, Farming RPG would have been done to death, what with all the Harvest Moons and such.. and you'd think after the Farmville Plague, people would not enjoy games like this anymore. Wrong!I saw this and automatically assumed it would not be fun for long. Why i bought it in the first place is beyond me, but i did. I clicked around.. did the first few tasks.. already thought ""nah.. I think this will not be for me.. just.. you know.. few more clicks. I atleast want to harvest that""Next thing i know, it's morning, i had spent hours clearing my farm, planting, getting Alex to REALLY like me in between my trips to the mine! It's addicting!Simple, yet brilliant!"
,Recommended,413150,21489240,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Reimei,"Was gutted when I found out the game was being released at the exact time I had to go to work but getting home to finally play this game was a pretty great feeling, well worth the wait! For being made by just one person it's very impressive and from what I've played there is a lot of content and I can see myself spending a ridiculous amount of hours playing this game as I have with all Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing games :) Would highly recommend trying this game out ^-^"
,Recommended,413150,21999480,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Mara,"Stardew Valley is love. Stardew Valley is life.I love this game. It's so charming, fun, relaxing and most of all: addicting. I can easily play all day without even noticing how much time has passed. There is a ton of things to do in the game and different aspects to enjoy. Be a farmer, a fisherman, a miner or just someone who enjoys digging through other peoples trash! The graphics are charming and cute, and the soundtrack is a perfect match to the game. Did I mention that I love this game?Stardew Valley is an amazing achievement from the developer, and it deserves all the attention and support from the community. I love to see how the community around the game has developed already. Seriously, an amazing game! If you haven't tried it already, you should. ;)"
,Recommended,413150,33185532,Posted: 3 July,all,Real,Beautiful and Relaxing Game! 11/10
,Recommended,413150,22821451,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Midna,"A fantastic, nostalgia-filled game. Invested 100+ hours in it and still can't be away from it for too long. Don't remember being this addicted to a game in a long time."
76561198072465703,Recommended,413150,22067149,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,PeaceSeeker,"First of all i'm not a huge fan of farming/pixel games but this game has a lot much stuff than farming including the amazing soundtrack it has every season spring/summer/fall/winter has diffrent shoundtrack and diffrent kind of seeds every season has 28 days after that almost all of your planets will die unless if you have the greenhouse, small house but you can plant whatever you want inside it.Mining, minging is just great experince to me there's diffrent weapons and rings and ofcurse ores! there's two dungeons the first one is limited lvls but the other i think is not, you have to end the first mine to get the key, and you have to fix the bus to go there, and also you can upgrade your tools so you can break specific things that you can broke it at the beginning, to upgrade your tools and stuff you must go to the Black SmithCrafting and Recipes is just a great thing to add to the game.The Home Center i believe? there's a specific bundiles you should end so you can fix things like the bus, basically you'll need to bring stuff to the home center.Marrige/ the heart system, yes you can marrige specific people who are single, there will be a word says (single) under they'r names at the social list, you'll have 0 out of 10 heart if you got 2 hearts you can enter a character room, at 4 hearts there will be a small Cutscene However if you got 10 hearts then you can marrige the single people."
,Recommended,413150,22136340,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,duckduckbob,Potatoes
,Recommended,413150,21519294,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Vidyabum,"If you buy this, I hope you don't have anything else to do for a few days."
,Recommended,413150,27083485,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✪ AliXGam3r ♔,"spent a week giving a girl flowers and buying her beerasked her to dance with me she said ""Ew no""very realistic10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21580502,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,thinkin' bout thos beans,If you loved Harvest Moon when you were younger... You'll definitely love this game. It's that and so much more. Really awesome game.
76561198095723026,Recommended,413150,31873914,Posted: 20 May,all,MooglePirate,"Unless you have alot of time on your hands don't get this game, I lvoe the harvest moon/animal crossing style of games and this is just amazing. I got this game at full price adn do not feel ripped off in the slightest, it has a great array of characters and a weirdly absorbing gameplay. Chances are if you're looking at this game you'll be intrested in it so give it a try.need a number? 9/10"
,Recommended,413150,21526317,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,genoforprez,"THINGS THAT ARE EXACTLY LIKE HARVEST MOON:—Seasonal plants—Buy seeds, plant them, water them, harvest them, put them in the box, etc—Give NPCs gifts to make them like you more (note: unlike harvest moon, their affection doesn’t increase by just talking to them, so you don’t have to spam the same stupid conversations over and over… gifts is the only way to boost their affection level)—Chop logs, mine ores, forage for edible/useful things in the wild—Take a hot both to recover energy—Buy cows and chickens to sell eggs/milk or convert them to cheese, mayonnaise, etc—Have a pet to watch over your farm (you get your choice of cat or dog)—Buy a horse—Go fishing—Special holidays where the townspeople gather together to compete in contests / mini-games—In short: It has everything harvest moon has.But it DOES add some stuff or tweak some stuff.DIFFERENT FROM / IN ADDITION TO HARVEST MOON:—SV has a crafting system that lets you build new tools of various kinds. For example, you have to build a furnace to conver your ores into bars, but the furnace requires coals, which can be mined, purchased, or you can build a kiln that converts wood into coal. Crafting is also how you construct fences, gates, scarecrows (yes, the crows really WILL attack your crops), fishing traps, and all kinds of other things. My personal favorite is that you can build sprinklers that will automatically water the plants around them within a certain range every morning. One of my least favorite things about Harvest Moon is f***ing around with keeping the little gnomes happy so they will start to help and continue to help. But in this game you just build some sprinklers, set it, and forget it until harvest time. (Obviously you can’t build these right away, as the materials are more advanced.)—Despite the crafting system, there are still shops, and they are vital.—Fishing is actually interesting because it actually involves a mini-game. Instead of just waiting for the “!” and pressing a button, as Harvest Moon has you do, SV makes you go through a mini game where you have to keep a rectangle centered over a fish that’s moving up and down a meter shaped like a fishing pole. The rectangle feels “heavy” though, and I think it is supposed to represent you balancing the strength of your pull with the line tension. Anyway, it’s pretty difficult starting out. Different fish have different difficulties as well. Some fish just roll over and let you reel them in, whereas other types of fish make you grit your teeth trying to keep them on the line.—The mine is waaaaay better. In harvest moon you just break rocks. In this game, the mine is also full of dangerous creatures, so you have to take a pickaxe AND weapon along with you. So it’s a combination dungeon/mine. You get ores and minerals from the mining, but you also get special drops from the critters you slay in there. Harvest Moon makes you start the mine over from the first level every time you go in, whereas SV has checkpoints that let you take an elevator down to a certain floor you already visited and continue from there.—You get lots of “missions” in SV that are tracked on a mission list. Sometimes NPCs will claim to have lost a personal possession and ask you to look for it. (These are not time-sensitive, so you just have to keep your eyes peeled while you go about your usual business). Sometimes they will ask you to bring them a certain type of plant or object. Sometimes you’ll have to craft a certain thing, or place X number of a certain type of object, etc. You usually get paid 250 to 600 range for completing one of these.—You can be male or female in this game, and you can choose male or female romantic partners. You also get to customize your hair, eyes, facial accessories, clothing color, etc when you first start the game.—Is more like an RPG in certain ways. In addition to improving your basic equipment (e.g. wood, copper, iron, etc), you also have skills that level up the more you use them. So the more you farm, you level your farm skill. The more you fish, you level up your fish skill. Leveling up your skills makes doing that job easier, and if you level them up enough, then at two points you are asked to pick a bonus. For example, if you level up foraging enough it asks you to choose between: Bonus A: all foraged plants sell for 10% more, Bonus B: every time you forage a wild plant, there is a chance you’ll get an extra one for free. Something similar with all other skills.—Has a museum and a community center, which are sort of two versions of the same idea. Basically, the museum is a place that asks you to donate rare items in exchage for occasional monetary rewards or unique prizes you can’t get elsewhere (e.g. special furniture for your house and so on). The community center is an abandoned building full of strange little creatures that challenge you to complete certain collections for them, which basically means bringing them one of each item under a certain category. When you complete a collection, you get a prize, and it’s usually a pretty good prize. It incentivizes you to explore all the game’s systems (farming, foraging, fishing, cooking, mining, etc). But if you’re the kind of person who just wants to farm and that’s it, the game does have a workaround that lets you get all the same bonuses without completing the community center challenges. (Something to do with buying a membership at the evil supermarket conglomerate in town.)—Build your own storage containers and place them anywhere you want, unlike Harvest Moon which gives you only a certain number of storage units (albeit nearly bottomless ones) and doesn’t let you choose where they go.—In addition to the harvest moon thing where you pay the carpenter to upgrade the size of your house, you can also go to a different shop to buy other customizations, like windows, paintings, wallpapers, floors, furniture, decor, etc.—Unlike harvest moon, you don’t have to remember or write down all those damned recipes. If you hear a recipe on tv, buy it from someone, or hear it in conversation, etc, the game just adds it to your recipe list in your kitchen so you’ll have it forever.—Personal opinion: NPCs are more interesting and have more well-defined characters/personalities than in Harvest Moon.—One thing that might throw you off at first: Unlike Harvest Moon, SV does not stop time when you are inside of buildings (but it does stop time during dialogues). So that takes some getting used to if you are used to leaning on that like a crutch. But SV has much longer days and gives you much more initial energy to work with, so in the end it shakes out fine.—The town/wilderness is much, much, much bigger than Harvest Moon.—You don’t start with a barn, coop, and stable. You have to pay to have those constructed, but the carpenter makes you pick a plot on your farm where you want it to be built (yes, you get to choose!) and the plot has to be clear, so you have to make sure you chop down all the trees and crap before you go all the way to the carpenter’s place. Also? You can buy more than one coop/barn/stable if you want to.--It seems like such a small thing, but it is very nice that you don't have to rush to beat the pickup guy to your dropbox every day. Instead, all your stuff just gets sold as soon as you go to sleep, regardless of when that is, so no more missing the pickup guy by two seconds or wondering if it still counts if you put items in while he's standing at the box, etc.--Also, it it is TREMENDOUSLY nice that after you fall asleep each night, the game gives you an itemized list of everything you sold and how much it sold for. This is so much f***ing easier than Harvest Moon where you have to go try and look it up at the library.This game made me stop playing Fallout 4. This is basically my life now."
76561198111668101,Recommended,413150,21659028,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Echevarria,"1.i walk around the Town, and i happen to met this beautiful blonde girl, that apparently is (single) from the social bar2. my character fall in love at the first sight he saw her,and hear, her melodious voice3.the next day, when i walk around town , i accidentally met her again!!4.my character muster up his courage ,trying to talk to her5.""h***y  is ignoring you""10/10    the ship is wrecked before it even sailed"
76561198124372612,Recommended,413150,24023870,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,tightiewhiteys.exe,We need multiplayer
,Recommended,413150,21574344,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Breff,Who needs to talk to anyone or do anything when you can play Stardew Valley?
,Recommended,413150,21565154,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Interknet,"I've never played Harvest Moon, or Rune Factory, and whatever else people compare this to - though I enjoy the game; a lot.Apparently you can have a wife or husband (I think you can have same-sex marriage also), have kids or adopt, and so on.The best way to describe this game is that you become a farmer on a overgrown farm, live in a country side, have ability to make a life. Just like real life, really.Great game to say only one person has worked on it.Co-op is also coming, but it may take a few months.Well worth the £10.99 I paid."
76561198263303838,Recommended,413150,22837764,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ExtremePolar,Amazing game and really addicting
,Recommended,413150,21830354,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,floor cheese,"I can live out my dreams of someone wanting to actually marry me, and having weird colored hair AND a job at the same time.10/10"
,Recommended,413150,23103184,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Small,Great substitute for illegal narcotics. Same feeling without all the pesky needles and such.
,Recommended,413150,23005462,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DOTA 2 DRAMA IS REAL ! ! !,"It's perfect combination of  Harvest moon and Terraria. If you love playing Harvest moon, just buy it! It's not a game but time machine lol"
76561198000443756,Recommended,413150,26253587,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,CoolBreeze,"Harvest Moon x1,000If you liked harvest moon, it will be impossible not to like this."
,Recommended,413150,21556522,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BestDogsOnTwitch,"This game is amazing. I never write reviews but I had to come out and comment.It scratches every itch I had for Harvest Moon and more. I played for about 20 hours this weekend and had to peel myself away from the computer so I wouldn't play ""one more day"". Plus the fact that the game was made by one person is amazing."
,Recommended,413150,28852713,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Muck | Shui Liu,"As someone who has never played Harvest Moon or any other game like it I can say that this game is well worth the purchase. I bought it when it was blowing up because I'd heard it was good. And despite me enjoying much faster paced games I find that this game manages to find a perfect balance of adventure, and farm-sim."
76561198000873071,Recommended,413150,21557669,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Lemmium,"This has got to be my favourite game of this year. The day it popped up on Steam I had to pick it up, and I'm so glad I did. It's a well made game that's so relaxing, interesting, and fun. I've looked at the clock multiple times thinking where did the time go.If you're into the RPG genre where you can build relations and craft items and explore mines, then this game will probably tickle your fancy. This game has made me feel and has made me laugh.Should also be noted that every little detail is perfect from the traits of the villagers matching their portraits and their responses to your dialogue, to the music during any cutscene or area of the map. It all ties in so well together to make a perfect great experience. I haven't once been like ""well that broke my immersion."" As well it should be said that the developer is doing a really good job responding to the issues that appear and the comments made by the community."
,Recommended,413150,21615679,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,♔KingTodd♔ (YouTuber),"Been keeping my eye on this game for 3 years, and i am happy that it is finally out.So, if you like Harvest Moon and RPG Games with a Story/Progression, Then you would enjoy this as well.Multiplayer/Co-op is also planned for this game in the future."
,Recommended,413150,21517675,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Savage Cabbage,Try to escape reality with video gamesSpend an entire month in-game trying to get Abigail to like meShe turns me down at a festival when I ask her to danceCan't even play a ****ing video game without getting rejected...At least I have my dog Frankie ; _ ;
,Recommended,413150,21659023,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sebass,Gucci
,Recommended,413150,28942554,Posted: 2 January,all,Adamouization,"I'm going to be honest, I had severe doubts about this game at first. Ithought it would be similar to other games such as Terraria or Starbound, or that it would quickly get repetitive, but boy was I wrong.After months of hesitation, I bought this game, this masterpiece, on a night when I was drunk, and I have to say it's probably the best thing drunk me did in his entire life. One day I'll sit with my kids and tell them good things can happen when you're drunk.To make this review short without going into boring detail, this game is simly amazing, the attention to every unique detail is impressive, whether it is the villagers' habits with each season, their dialogue depending on the level of friendship with them, their personality traits, the variety of animals to raise, the different crops, the design aspect of the farm to maximise your farming space, the choice of crops to maximise your income, the possible upgrades, the random events, the soundtrack, the mining, the fighting... everything is just perfect! It's rare for a game to get all of this right, and what's even more impressive with Stardew Valley is that it was fully created by one, single, talented guy. So I thank you, ConcernedApe, for this special gem, and wish I could thank you in person and learn from you, being a software developer mysefl.If you are still reading this review, I have no idea what you are still waiting for to buy this game. Like seriously, i'm not f***ing joking, go buy it now."
76561198188308550,Recommended,413150,21535103,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,PhoenixHunter89,Did you like harvest moon or rune factory? Then you will like this just as much. It is exactly like harvest moon with a little of rune factory.Did you like farming sim? Then you may like this. You see this follows the old Harvest moon formula to a T. You can only grow certain crops in their respective season. So read how long it takes for each crop to grow. The year is divided into four seasons with 30 days.  Yes you can can get married and the game allows same sex marriage as well.This is a great open ended game with no real end. It has plenty of content to offer. Check it out on youtube for more details. For this price you can't go wrong.
76561197970525461,Recommended,413150,21567580,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,omgthepope,"If you enjoyed the original SNES Harvest Moon and are looking for more of the same, look no further. This game is essentially a love story written to fans of Harvest Moon. Stardew Valley is beautiful to look at, the soundtrack is phenomenal, and the game has incredible depth. The fact that this was developed by one person is truly mindblowing! There are so many different ways you can play this, leading to the game having a huge amount of replayability. Do yourself a favor and try this one out!"
,Recommended,413150,21763237,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kitty,"A love letter to the Harvest Moon franchise that corrects some of the mechanics that never really made sense in the game itself, Stardew Valley is a very enjoyable farming sim that is both simple and complex at the same time.  You do have to manage your time better than you did in the Harvest Moon games, because the clock doesn't stop/slow down inside buildings, or the mine, but that adds more of an element of realizm to the game, I think.Harvest Moon veterans will love the fact that you can have your 3x3 crop squares, and not have to worry about watering the plant in the center. Most plants let you move through them, unless they're on a trellis, which makes sense.Also, unlike Harvest Moon, romance isn't limited to the heterosexual, a good thing in my opinion.The last thing I will mention is the lack of a time limit. You can take the game as slow or as fast as you want, and you don't have an arbitrary time limit hanging over your head. Sure the ghost of Grandpa will be dissapointed, but this game is meant to be played your way, and allowes for you to take things at your own pace.All in all, great job, Concerned Ape."
,Recommended,413150,21560453,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Ghost,"Recommending this game for Best Newcomer of the Year. Ape took an idea from nothing and created a labor of love. Completely on his own up to release. Very few people ever heard of the game or its development besides a few of us fanatical followers. It seemed like the game would go largely un-noticed. Then release day came and over night the game became a sensation. Hailed as everything harvest moon should have became and an amazing masterpiece. It definitely deserves the vote.TL;DR This is everything Harvest Moon should have evolved into. If you loved any of the early Harvest Moon games, then buy this. Don't even think about it, just get it. You won't regret it at all.I spent a lot of time in the SNES HM game and I'll tell you, from the moment I started up Stardew Valley it was like coming home. All the nostalgia is there, the community, the sounds, the feel of the game. This is everything that HM should have evolved into over the years but didn't. There's plenty of crops and things to do and the mine adds a whole new aspect to the farming sim genre with some minor combat. The game also features some RPG like elements with the ability to level up certain skills like farming, foraging and fishing. There's tool upgrades etc. All the animals make a come back too with cows, sheep, chickens, goats, etc.There are a few minor bugs with dialouge but that is the only thing I've noticed and Ape has already put out a couple of updates to fix some problems people have reported. ConcernedApe is a good dev, you won't regret supporting him.Look forward to everything he does in the furture."
,Recommended,413150,21672989,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Agua,"Absolutely phenomenal game, veterans of harvest moon and new players to the genre will find themselves entertained."
,Recommended,413150,26007395,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ninja_Muffin2.4,Best farming game on Steam
76561198003141183,Recommended,413150,22452482,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DoctorD,"Surpisinlgy addicitve and deep.  It is one of those games where you say ""just one more turn and then I'll stop"" but keep playing.  Lots to do ... this game is about the gameplay and not the graphics."
76561198130597234,Recommended,413150,29041101,Posted: 5 January,all,notben,Honestly this is probably one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played. Considering I hate farming and the outdoors thats saying something lol. Its great. Play it.
76561197962992992,Recommended,413150,21564415,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Echo Whiskey,"Every day my farmer wakes up is a new adventure. From harvesting the blueberries, to fishing for bass, to wooing the local ladies, his life never wants for anything. He even has his very own dog!This game is lots of fun and qutie addicting. I sat down yesterday to play thinking I'd play a few days worth of in game time, and before I know it I went from Spring to Summer to Fall. The developers have done a marvelous job creating a modern farming game that doesn't bore you to tears or leave you wanting for anything. There have been a few times where I was thinking ""Oh, this feature would have been really neat if they had implemented it."" And lo and behold, they did! It would be hard for me to find any features that I feel were left out. This game really does have lots of depth to it.I give it a very solid 9/10. The one point off is simply because some of those fish are damn hard to catch!"
76561198107569397,Recommended,413150,22291111,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,私は崩壊する,"This is the first real review that I am writing for a game on steam and it purely because for once I feel the need. This game is amazing. It may not look like much at first but the depth of character and the personality that the game generates in its surroundings and NPC's is so much more than many games generated by large gaming companies and the latest crop of ""choose your own destiny"" RPG and sim games.This game is the literal embodiment of do what makes you happy. If you want to be a multi-mega ultra efficient farmer with crops and greenhouses and barns and run like clockwork then feel free. If you want to be an average joe who lives off of scavenging produce from the forest and just socialising with the NPC's thats also an option. If you want to spelunk day in and day out in the mine and fight off the horde of enemies with the combat system ( which is apparently gonna get fleshed out a little from its current simple state which although I dont think is needed, it is welcome ) the  you can do just that. Even if you believe in just fishing out your days with your wife collecting the items for the museum. There is a multitude of activities obviously trying to do all of them is going to give you the most active and intense gameplay with time management, decisions and experience but you dont have to.The developer ( yes singular ) has been updating and fixing the game non-stop since release and has even added in some more features during that time ( he recently made marriage a more realistic experience rather than just someone moving in for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles ) and he promises to try his best to bring in even more to the game even though not all of its secrets have been found.This isnt for everyone and I wish steam would let people have a one day demo just to try it out but in my opinion it is one of the most relaxing and rewarding gaming experiences I have had in awhile. Everyday feels like a step forward.I truly reccommend buying this game.P.S my steam hours may only be at 20 but in reality I played offline closer to 50 in my save file sooooo yeah if that helps people makes decisions just thought I would let you know :)Peace out"
,Recommended,413150,25201928,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Doot,"Makes immense competition to any other upcoming farm life simulators. Although it's retro, and uses pixelart, it's still a great game anyday. Go get it if you're looking for a chilled and charming experience."
,Recommended,413150,21566094,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SilverDragon,"Loved harvest moon/runefactory or story of seasons? This game is for youTaking everything HM style games have done and adding even more depth, stardew valley is a absolutely fantastic game.Pros:A interesting crafting system.More interesting NPCs (then most HM games).Farm customization is excelent, build paths, fences, sprinklers for auto watering, scarecrows to, well, scare crows and save crops.Adventurers guild and combat.A veriety of quests both in tutorial form and random ones available daily for extra cash/rep,(far more then i could list here in a short ammount of time)Cons:For the most part very few, i have encountered little to no bugs or issues.The only real con so far would be the character speed, when you start out you are slow as hell and considering your limited time in the day you may find your spending a large ammount of time just getting from a to b, though there are items/horse to speed you up eventually,So if your new to this type of game or a returning vetren there is no reason not to pick up this incredable game.(especially considering hinted additional content drops and possible multiplayer!!!)And of course if your interested, my playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOCBEcNdfIeWFALJi5nzqRkH9B9Zdf1O4"
,Recommended,413150,21595984,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,DrCD,"""I'll just like play this game for 5 minutes. Farming games meh""And then 20 hours later... 8/8 m8 would r8"
76561198140698699,Recommended,413150,21547010,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Chairrr ツ,"Amazing game, The music is beautiful and the game in general is. Get this game, 10/10"
76561198040340191,Recommended,413150,24242846,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Chicken,"I'm too addicted. Most of my hours were spent landscaping the ""perfect"" farm...OCD much? lolBuy at your own risk. This game will take over your life. I can't quit. The hours of my life that I won't get back...it's worth it!Everything about this game is awesome. I'd say get it! and happy farming!"
,Recommended,413150,21517244,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Light Saviour,Harvert Moon meet Zelda
,Recommended,413150,21648590,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ggmdark,The best Casual game in the Steam library. It reminds me of the good Ol' days of Harvest Moon on the SNES.It is a must buy if you liked those games or if you just like relaxing games.
,Recommended,413150,27452129,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CreonLY,Never play this game when u're about to sleep.
,Recommended,413150,21548196,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nelummea,Goog dame!
76561198018229863,Recommended,413150,21662099,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,LT. Thadeu,"I've followed everything about this game for 3 years.When I finally started playing it I was still in awe.This is how you know a game is good.From a gameplay perspective, this is exactly what I always wished for in a farming game.Many other farming tittles have amused me before, but there were features that I felt should've worked different. This is not the case here, I like all the implementations the way they are. I don't thave to mention that the artistic part is nicely well done. Small little animations on many things, it makes the game feel so alive.ConcernedApe might be the best developer of this indie generation."
76561198253879137,Recommended,413150,31104141,Posted: 12 April,all,alexwavves,"Great game, very addictive and has an extremely nostalgic feel to it. Ive never had so much fun growing crops and exploring a town."
76561198001667032,Recommended,413150,23873163,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dongerator,"I don't really like Harvest Moon, or even farming in games.But Stardew Valley is a really fun, really relaxed game. I'm really happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,413150,27339929,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KSLCross,"At first I thought it'd just be a time killer.But then I would stay up until 4am just getting that last gift to wife my favorite characters. Mulitple playthroughs to properly wife them all.But without a doubt, this is honestly the best spiritual successor to the Harvest Moon series that I used to love so much. Many tears of both mirth and joy appeared in the corner of my eye in my playthroughs.10/10 worth full price."
,Recommended,413150,21514368,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ckcoats,Really fun game.
,Recommended,413150,23058126,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Tmack,"Insanely addicting, 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,413150,21574784,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Taihou,"Even though I would give a thumbs up but I won't recommend to many people coz1. I stayed up and played my first session on a busy weekday for 8.6 hrs2. Too much nostalgic fun for me to stop playing. Always the 'JUST ONE MORE DAY' thingOK, the proper reviewI only got through 1st Spring and got a few days into summer.TL;DR: Great old school arcade farming game!  Just need a bit more time to fix/balance stuff to be a classic. And just need to make feeding farm animals more reasonable :PPro:1. Harvest Moon-type of farming 'simulator'. Finally got what I wish for rather than just another f****** FB clicking game2. Heard that it is an one-man dev team?3. Great sound tracka and gameplay4. Some original ideas/mechanics to differentiate from HM.5. You can choose not to farm as much but be a fisherman/woman, an adventurer etc. But of course it is best to do everything. Oh, and you still got called a farmer anyway6. TEN characters to marry (and no gender restriction)7. Poke fun at Wal-Mart vs Local mom-and-pop shops debate lolCon:1. Quite slow in terms of progression. Maybe accelerate the intial progression/content a lil' bit can make the first couple hours of gameplay more enjoyable. (though it is already too addictive now....)2. Your pet (cat/dog) doesn't do anything for now. (maybe they can trample your crops, but I haven't do anything to prove it yet. Maybe need to check wiki)3. Not really a con, but I do have too many things I want to do at the same time haha.4. Not really a con (again). Steam workshop support would be great...Expected hours of gameplay could be easily into the 3-digit range..."
,Recommended,413150,32863573,Posted: 27 June,all,Dichlorobenzene,"If you want to relax after a long day in work, this is your game. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21692244,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Metzge,"The full review can be found onStart 2 Continue.Excerpt:Maybe I’m just bad at paying attention, but I feel like Stardew Valley came out of nowhere. I only saw it on Steam, not hearing a thing about the new RPG farming simulator until a few days before its release. Now, it’s all I seem to hear about in all my newsfeeds – not that I’m complaining. Developed by one-man powerhouse ConcernedApe and published by Chucklefish (the same fish that brought us Starbound), Stardew Valley is often likened as Harvest Moon‘s spiritual successor. That comparison only scratches the surface.[...]I got right to work on the first day. I cleared some land immediately around my house and began to till a few plots for those seeds. Normally I get bored quickly with crafting-based games, especially if I’m by myself. There’s only so many rocks I can collect or trees to cut down before I lose interest, regardless of how many cool recipes and blueprints there might be. But there’s something satisfying about starting with virtually nothing and turning things around through hard work and elbow grease. Well… at least, for your avatar. As I went about my chores the following few days, I soon learned that Grandpa was right: this was refreshing.There’s more to Stardew Valley than just farming, though. With an intricate crafting system, you can process raw materials into decorative objects like cobblestone or wooden walkways, or useful equipment like scarecrows to protect your crops or a furnaces to melt down the various ores you stumble across. After a while, you can even cook food from the crops and various flowers, herbs, and seeds you find as you explore Pelican Town nearby and the surrounding countryside.I think what surprised me the most was the amount of depth that’s gone into the game’s universe. Each of the townspeople have their own schedules and even birthdays, with opportunities to befriend and romance them if you’d want. If you don’t want to schmooze, you can always go fishing, delve into monster-infested mines and go exploring, or make nice with the local wizard. Seasons pass, featuring festivals and varied weather that you can use to your advantage. For example, you don’t need to worry about watering your crops when it rains – or at all, really, if it’s winter. If you have a hard time figuring out what to do, your handy journal will keep track of your quests and point you in the right direction. The game also features a sort of Pokédex of vegetables that shows all the various crops and objects you can find, assuring Stardew Valley‘s success by preying on gamerkind’s rampant OCD."
,Recommended,413150,21619539,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,luq,Amazing Game!
76561198106802998,Recommended,413150,24521135,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Paddlepaddle,I'd like to see that Shane will escape Stardew Valley one day and start his new life in Wedrats Peak.Hope everyone find your own Stardew Valley.
76561198066827739,Recommended,413150,21801620,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bobby,Help.
,Recommended,413150,21598738,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,jen,"this game is basically what i've wanted from a bokumono game for years. it's got that nostalgic old-timey harvest moon feel, but it's tastefully modern(your story beings in a cubicle, for goodness sake!) and the characters are so good. i love being able to run errands for my neighbors for some extra dosh, or just to make better friends with them. i love all the various items and crops you can grow, and the crafting system is so much fun. i know i'm going to lose myself in playing this game for ages, it's just so much fun and i'd recommend it to almost anyone i know who enjoys games about farming."
76561198083605268,Recommended,413150,28398002,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mimikyu,"When I first heard about Stardew Valley, I knew I was going to love it. I mean, who doesn’t want Harvest Moon for the computer? And when I picked the game up, I was right. I absolutely adored it, and I still do, 40 hours later. That may not seem like a lot of time, but it’s a full work week just spent playing a video game. And the best part is, it isn’t just Harvest Moon but for the computer. It’s even more than that.My favourite part about the game is its setting and characters. The Valley itself is gorgeous, and the sprites are extremely well made. The grass colour hurts my eyes just a bit after a few hours, but it’s something I easily overlook when I talk about the game. The whole world is extremely vibrant and colourful, and really comes alive with the various seasons. And the people that populate it are the same way. No two villagers are alike, and their personality really shines through their sprites. Joja Co is a little cliche, but most villains tend to be.There’s a wide variety of crops to plant, animals to raise, fish to, well, fish, and monsters to smash. There’s a style of gameplay for everyone, especially with the new farm maps introduced in 1.1. I personally prefer fishing as a source of making money, because I find the minigame particularly entertaining. Overall things tend to get a little repetitive once you hit your second year, especially if you aren’t interested in making huge amounts of cash. But because nothing ever goes the same way twice, I’m perfectly content to just start a plethora of new games every time I start to get bored.There’s also a huge modding community, provided you know where to look. It really disappoints me that mods for Stardew aren’t available on Steam - it’s my most trusted resource to find good mods. It’s really the most negative point about the game for me, which probably isn’t saying much considering how easy it is to find the official forums. The mods that are offered have a huge variety, from simple cosmetic stuff to mods that let you cheat to a ridiculous degree.Overall, I fell in love with this game the moment I picked it up. There are a few things I’d change, such as the grass colour, the repetitiveness, and the stereotypical nature of Joja. It’s still one of my absolute favourite PC games, and I’m looking forward to playing even more of it as it grows and evolves."
,Recommended,413150,27467118,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dafiden,"Recommended Big Time!  For the price, just give this game a shot if you like open-world, crafting, RPG, or (of course) farming.  However, I didn't really like farming and I enjoyed this game immensely.  I usually play games like Civ, Endless Legend, Europa Universalis, Skyrim, SimCity, Tropico, Capitalism, etc.  So, if you like those games, you will probably like Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,413150,26851878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lonely,"I LOVE STARDEW VALLEY!!! It was love at first sight. You did not think that something like this would happen and BOOM, it's there, and you can't think it out of your library! <3"
76561198271726616,Recommended,413150,29364582,Posted: 19 January,all,mokeyfrog,A lot of my frineds are shocked that I have played this as much as I have but you get so into it and end up haveing feelings for the people in Stardew Valley. I feel like this game can make you a bit more of a better person.I hope at some point this game can be two or more player game.
,Recommended,413150,21545371,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Tyler,"This game is insanely addictive. Build relationships with the townfolk - expand and upgrade your farm for better money yields - explore the depths of the mines and see what they have to offer - fish in multiple areas to find wide variety of fish - explore untouched areas of Stardew Valley, or whatever you would like to do!Stardew Valley paces nice and slowly. There is a lot you can do in a day, and little restrictions to how you want to play.  The game is very simplistic but quite in depth at the same time, and I really like that. The player always has a choice and in a simulation game with a lot to do, that is great to see.The developer for the game works very hard and it's very obvious. 2 days of release and already 3 patches full of bug fixes, slight balance changes, and popular community suggestions. The game is very fairly priced and the work put into the game is apparent. You can tell the developer has put a lot of heart into this game, and plans to take good care of it. I am happy for his success.I really recommend this game to anybody that would enjoy a laid back, harvest moon-type agricultural RPG simulation. The game is fun, relaxing, and enjoyable to play, and can well go into hundreds of hours of content. With multiplayer and potentially more content or features being added, I can only imagine the game will continue to grow for the better."
,Recommended,413150,22793722,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sotar,"Definitely a great buy.It might not sound like much when you look at the list of its features, but one can really feel the love and time put into this little gem and the attention to detail makes it a very enjoyable experience.We play the crap out of this game with my kids.Looking forward for the coop mode"
,Recommended,413150,22130945,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Jentlemen,"Hit a train with a sword, train hit me back.10/10 Would hit again."
,Recommended,413150,21663826,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,moahnie,"Fantastic game, enough said."
,Recommended,413150,21786112,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Peeratat,I remember playing Harvest Moon on my nintendo DS around 10 years ago :)This game is just that
,Recommended,413150,21675464,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jumanji,"I had never heard of Stardew Valley until I saw a video about it the morning of the release date. I was instantly attracted to the game which reminded me a lot of one of the most played games of my childhood, Harvest Moon 64. At $15, I figured it was worth a look.After spending around 30 hour with the game, I can honestly say that it's been worth every penny and more. It is clearly influenced by the aforementioned Harvest Moon series, and that's a great thing. The developer has taken everything that I loved about those games and has improved upon them with Stardew Valley.The game mechanics are very simple and easy to use. There are a lot of things to do in the Valley and they can all be done at your own pace. It offers a very relaxing experience where the player is free to do as they choose.The people of Pelican Town all have very distinct personalities. As you get to know each citizen, not only will they provide you with items and useful information, but they will sometimes give you ""quests"".  One of the first of these quests I was given came from Mayor Lewis. He needed me to track down his misplaced purple shorts and return them discreetly. I was very surprised when I actually stumbled upon them.I'm about midway through my first winter and am having a blast with Stardew Valley. It's been a delightful experience to this point and I continue to find myself excited about what my next day in the Valley will bring."
,Recommended,413150,24701613,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Little Byrd,No one would dance with me.This game is very realistic.Too realistic.
,Recommended,413150,21579214,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Photoreceptor,"Honestly? I haven't been hooked on a game this hard since... Civilization 5?Instead of ""One More Turn"" it is ""One More Day"".  There are always little things, and bigger things, you are working on. The game is charming (and often brutally realistic in some of the writing/reactions). It has a heart.9.9 out of 10.(loses a small percentage of a point because of the quest item cave glitch that was later fixed)"
,Recommended,413150,21570566,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Searls,"I've been a huge Harvest Moon fan since the original SNES version released. Since learning Japanese in adulthood and traveling in the country, I've even bothered to import versions of games in the series ahead of time to get my fix.That said, the series has been in decline for a long time, and now with the Natsume/Marvelous split, the brand is basically dead in the US market.After a few days with Stardew Valley, I'm A-Okay with this becoming the spiritual successor to Harvest Moon. It's got the sentimentality of the original, with the complex systems of Friends of Mineral Town, and the events & relationship sophistication of Harvest Moon 64. I don't think a single game in the actual series has approached this level of quality in well over a decade."
,Recommended,413150,24880155,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Foggy Dreamer,"After playing ""Stardew Valley"" for over 200 hours, I decided to write an updated review.PROS:- Easy to learn gameplay- Decent amount of content- Numerous customization options- Good sprite art and graphics- Lovable characters- Beautiful soundtrack- Well-written story and dialogue- Best alternative to Harvest Moon on the PCCONS:- May be too addictive for busy folk- Somewhat repetitive after early game- Can't romance several popular characters- Long wait between patches for new features- Little to do after reaching end-game contentOverall, ""Stardew Valley"" is a great farming RPG that executes the genre very well. The quality is comparable to Harvest Moon or Rune Factory, despite it being created by a single developer. Highly recommended to all gamers, young and old."
,Recommended,413150,22489013,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,feydk,"I've played this game for almost 100 hours, of which the majority was spent over the course of 7 days (and a couple of all-nighters). That is a great testament to how fun and addictive this game is. Having said that, once I hit the 90-95 hour mark, things started to get tedious and I sort of ran out of new things to do and discover. But I was fully entertained every minute I spent playing this game up to that point.If I have to pick one word to describe this game, it would be ""cute"". Everything from the animations, the cat smiley face in the speech bubbles, the diversity of the characters you meet and interact with in the town, the feeling you get when you finally win the heart of the girl/guy you've been wooing for so long, the sounds, the music! Oh, the music. It's really good.Content wise, I have rarely seen a game this ""small"" with that much stuff packed into it. Besides the main storyline - you being the rookie farmer, trying to re-establish your grandpa's old farm and make it on your own - there are tons of quests, content/areas that unlock as you progress and lots and lots of secrets to be found.Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,413150,21668796,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nyc2x,"Charming and nostalgic especially for Harvest Moon fans. A masterpiece! Simply a true work of art! It's a triumph in indie game development! Harmonious balance of progression, activities, and rewards resulting in each day being distinct and memorable.Game : 11.0/10Graphic : 8.5/10"
,Recommended,413150,22911760,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,AlienFelix,Really good game. Lots of secrets. Just buy the game and your life will be taken over by watering crops.
76561198137414662,Recommended,413150,22278416,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mr.Postman,What an amazing game! Its a perfect mix between Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing :).8/10
76561198128862254,Recommended,413150,33432366,Posted: 10 July,all,mityrka,"Great game. Its more like a sandbox rather than story oriented one, but you will not get bored too fast. There is much to do, but at the same time the game is very relaxing, calm and cheerful. A bit idealistic rural life simulator (don't worry if you are into fighting you would find a lot) but I really enjoy it.Pros:- pretty decent music for a pixel game- funny and relaxing- addicting (1 more day syndrom can be greater than 1 more turn in CIV series)- lot of crafting, collecting, lvling, exploring - this is why we play these game don't we?- diversed seasons with own plants, events and items- you will not get bored too fast (it is not 10 hours nonrepeatable game)Cons:- graphics (although it might be an advantage if you don't mind it)- days could be a little bit longer- no multiplayer (yet?)- no, seriously its a great game. If you read it, just buy it."
76561198029656966,Recommended,413150,21578231,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Hary - Actual Wizard,You need this game . . . .
,Recommended,413150,28570682,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Crom,"If you enjoyed the old Harvest Moon games, or any of the Rune Factory games, this game will absolutely appeal to you. It adopts and perfects the best parts of both series, and though updates to the game are a little slow, they're large and worthwhile.Multiplayer (whenever it finally comes) will make this game an absolute must-buy."
,Recommended,413150,21638522,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,-[HC]- Lashley1337,"I bought this game after watching the steam video thinking it was similar to Harvest Moon..It's like the same thing but with everything you could of asked to have added!I can't stop playing this game and I will continuously seduced my babe, my muse,the shine of my eye, Penny<3Bb grl we gunna go fah10/10"
,Recommended,413150,33090520,Posted: 1 July,all,littlejetplanes,One of my favorite games ever!  Loved Harvest Moon as a kid and this is definitely nostalgic for me when I play.  Something about it also helps you de-stress after a long day.Plus we get free updates/content.  And the price can't be beat.  Do yourself a favor and get this game!
,Recommended,413150,33206448,Posted: 3 July,all,E$E PALO,eric barone te amo
,Recommended,413150,21652051,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,k - s t a r ⭐,"Stardew Valley's super chill. I think it's the type of game that's real nice to play while watching a Twitch stream. Get this game if you like farming, making dank gold, and throwing villagers gifts in an attempt to get them to notice you."
76561198062731830,Recommended,413150,33279186,Posted: 5 July,all,YunSuh BestGirl,15 Hours in 2 days. Great Game :D
76561198178957025,Recommended,413150,28083523,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,brokenmnemonic,"This remains the game I keep going back to when I want to feel more cheerful. It's genuinely delightful, although as a day in the game takes about 20-25 minutes, it's easy to watch the hours fly past. The 1.1 update added lots of nice stuff, including some more romances, and is a solid update I think we'd be charged for with any other game. The central spine of the game really still feels like completing the various collection bundles to complete the Community Centre, and while there are some (expensive) new construction options for the farm available after the imperative to refurbish the Centre has been completed, I'm not sure it'd compel me to keep playing the same game, rather than starting a new one. The different farm layouts make for very nice variety though, and the various tweaks involving new crops and some new basic buildings are all nifty. I'd like to see some more generic dialogue options for the characters you interact with, but that seems like a fiarly small thing to complain about. The fact remains that this is a genuinely cheery game, and an addictive one. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got some melons I need to deal with, and some slimes to hunt, and a birthday present to make (if the ducks were laying this morning...)"
,Recommended,413150,21792457,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Doom,WARNING!THIS GAME IS A TRAP! ONCE BOUGHT YOU WILL SPEND ALL YOUR TIME ON THIS GAME!SCREW PIKE (The fish).11/10 Would be trapped in endless farming cycles again.
76561197970514520,Recommended,413150,21694747,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Buckethead,"Can play this game with my children, then keep playing after they go to bed.  Don't judge; farming is awesome."
76561198035656605,Recommended,413150,33208410,Posted: 3 July,all,Sleethoof,"If you were ever a fan of the old Harvest Moon games, particularly Friends of Mineral Town, I'd say Stardew Valley takes those ideas and improves upon them, but that feels like it isn't good enough praise. Stardew Valley is the game that I always wished Mineral Town could be. It takes a lot of small things that you wished Natsume would have done and bakes them in, and you can expand that potential even more with the mods that have been made for it.Even if you have never played one of these 'farming sims' before, I would recommend Stardew Valley for a first-timer. It introduces you to these basic concepts without the simultaneous constant handholding and new player pitfalls of older games in the genre. It also adds a few things as the years go by to keep the game fresh as you approach a more lucrative lifestyle, and I find it very easy to come back after a few weeks or months of not having played it and still enjoy it without having to start over.10/10, Junimo Kart is pure evil though."
76561198268634921,Recommended,413150,33211330,Posted: 3 July,all,Jake the Hawkeye,"Having played 63 hours in about a week since I bought it, it goes without saying that I would recommend it.tl;dr: very diverse gameplay, lots of sidequests, and multi-approach objectives keep it fresh and funI thought this was a farming game, but I was very wrong. Farming is one approach to making money and completing objectives, but there is so much more to do. Fighting enemies in the mines, fishing that is weather/season-dependent, befriending the townspeople, foraging for wild crops, etc. If you start to get tired of one aspect, you can do something else for awhile. That keeps it from getting boring, and really sucks you in. It's the same sort of mentality as ""one more turn"" - I just did this, but now I want to do that too!You have to invest a little time upfront in learning the mechanics (how gift-giving works, when to plant crops, how to not die while off fighting enemies), but once you get the basics down, it's a lot of fun. Getting sprinklers to water your crops for you frees up a lot of time, and lets you delve into other projects - you just have to get a bit of material upfront to get the whole process started.I'd recommend keeping the Stardew Valley wiki open so you can constantly look things up - which helps a ton!Overal, I really love the game, and would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,413150,32930270,Posted: 28 June,all,Hippityhoppitykillmealready,"5pm""just one more day and i will stop""7am""is that the sun?"""
,Recommended,413150,22945667,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Symdawg,"This game is absolutely fantastic, and I'm in love!"
,Recommended,413150,32572399,Posted: 19 June,all,F L U M M O X,"I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO STOP PLAYING THIS GAME EVER SINCE I BOUGHT IT!YOU ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO BUY THIS GAME LIKE ASAP!AND HERE'S WHY:First a little background,Stardew Valley was a game developed in early 2016 (January to be exact) in which closely resembles the concept of the game(s) made for the GBA (Gameboy Advanced) known as the Harvest Moon game(s). But regardless, not for Stardew Valley to be mistaken with these games. The main feeling that people get from Stardew Valley (from my point of view) is the feeling to be playing a beautifully made good feel retro style game that really anyone can come to enjoy and love!Not even to mention that this game was made by only ONE PERSON in just ~ 2 Years. This person goes under the identity of Concerned Ape. But never the less I just have to say that I was really surprised with how well made this game was and how into it that I get every single time that I start it up!Ok now that the background is out of the way here are some of the features that you will very likely come across while playing Stardew Valley for yourself!:Farming: Basically the main feature of the whole game this game is highly based around producing various forms of aggriculture (Gardening) and raising livestock (Animals) but really the most annoying thing that comes with gardening is gosh darn CROWS! these things are probably one of the most annoying, if not the most annoying thing that you will experience while playing Stardew Valley!Fishing: Fishing is one of my personal favorite activities in Stardew Valley and the best part about it is you can really get a whole lot of money by reeling in some fish! In Stardew Valley there are A LOT of different types of fish for you to catch ie. (Sunfish, Smallmouth Bass, Tuna, Eel, Red Snapper, Walleye, and Shad) just to name very few!Mining: Mining honestly isn't one of my favorite things to do but it really is a neccesity to move on with the game. It will help you upgrade tools, craft things to assist you on your farm and elsewhere, and much, much more.Ok before I give away the whole game let's just skert to a very abrupt start right about there.Ok here's how I'd rate the aspects of the game:Controls - 8.5/10 (Great)Story - 8/10 (Great)Gameplay - 9.5/10 (Outstanding)Sontracks/Music- 9/10 (Excellent)Graphics - 8/10 (Great)Overall Score - 8.5/10 (Great)"
,Recommended,413150,26876168,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dadinho,"Well, with more than 200h in this game, I can say with no doubt that this is one of my favorite games in Steam, first reason is that I always loved Harvest Moon games, and the devs made a really good work hearing and working with the community.Here are some reasons to buy (or not, but u should buy) this game:[+]* Pretty similar to Harvest Moon Back To Nature (HMBTN)* It has silly but at the same time good history. (with some silly and funny humor)* Great variety of farms/animals/crops/fishs/recipes/house decoration/etc to play with.* Great fishing system.* Great variety of persons to marry with (including gay relationships)* You can have kids and pets** Easy and hard achievements to get* 2 Minigames included* Quests and a dungeon to explore* You can found sprites for the game in the internet, and make ""your own game"" with the new sprites[-]* The first dungeon is cool, with some variety of environment and monster, but the other one is pretty much the same all the time.* You can't have 2 pets at the same time (without editting the game files, *cheating*)* Some quests are boring or requested a lot of times* At least 2 achievements are a little frustrating to get (I still miss one of them with 200h+)* The festivals are always the same, with the same AI in the NPCs (the same results)* Your kids don't grow up (this is a really bad thing, that I always hated about HMBTN)So, after all this list I'd definitely recommend Stardew Valley, cause I missed Harvest Moon Back To Nature, and this game is even better <310/10  worth every cent."
,Recommended,413150,23874037,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,shockadinky,"I've been playing farming games since Harvest Moon for the GBC, all the way up to the newest atrocities for the 3DS- this is easily one of the best farming sims I've ever played. It's charming, it's funny, it's adorable, it's super relaxing. do yourself a favor & get it, sale or not, because it's worth every penny you spend."
76561198200186662,Recommended,413150,32936073,Posted: 28 June,all,thesavashi,"This game is so laid back, but so addicting. There's a LITTLE bit of something for everyone despite basically revolving around owning a farmland. OCD freaks can let loose and show off their amazingly organized farms. Lonely people can get to learn the NPCs in the village. Players that want a little more action can call for the Wilderness Farm (which will spawn monsters at night) or explore the mines. The game is so masterfully crafted that almost any video gamer (girls I know who don't even like video games find this game addicting) can find something to enjoy while playing it. Look forward to the Multiplayer patch especially since PC players will get it first (according to the developer of course)!"
,Recommended,413150,33167692,Posted: 2 July,all,Sakura van Hohenheim,"This game is definitely worth playing, in my honest opinion. I say this simply because I didn't play it for a year (keep in mind, I played it for hours on end when I first bought it and it was practically all I did during Spring Break) and I could easily pick back up on what I was doing, just to play it for even more hours. 230+ hours and still going!"
,Recommended,413150,33175658,Posted: 3 July,all,wolftonic,Love the game! It was really worth the buy.
,Recommended,413150,30519816,Posted: 14 March,all,"Alan, Born Different","This game is so amazing. With many activities to choose from when you begin the game, it may feel overwhelming at first however, once you find your rhthym and enjoy the hustle and bustle of daily life, it is when this game truly shines. Whether it be farming, fishing or even balls deep in combat down at the mines, this game is just a blast to play.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,413150,32723901,Posted: 24 June,all,kosmik,i love my cows.
,Recommended,413150,33126335,Posted: 2 July,all,lightyfoot93,10/10
,Recommended,413150,27263884,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[Empire] Projhex,"Stardew Valley is probably the best indie game every made.The game turns a simple concept of beginning a new life on a farm into a Civilization-esque ""One More Turn.""At full price you won't be disapointed. If you do most things there are to do in the game, you will probably get 100 hours of playtime. If you're trying to do everything, you'll get 200 hours+On sale it might be one of the best deals on Steam."
76561198055530129,Recommended,413150,28825739,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Katertot,I never knew I could fall in love with a video game.
,Recommended,413150,24266665,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tatha,"It's an amazing game!I bought it after seeing some photos and videos. At the beginning I was really lost, but after playing for some days, you start loving the game! I didn't expect to enjoy it so much as I am at the moment.Cute graphics. Seems to be simple, but you need to work hard, it's complex at the same time.I fainted at the mine. I was stuck next to the wall, it was really dark, some mobs attacking me... So sad to lose some levels and items after that :(Perfect! Waiting for the multiplayer version :)"
,Recommended,413150,27221337,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crystal,i bought it for penny
,Recommended,413150,26788113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wile E Coyote,This game is great and I highly recommend it to those who have a passing interest in farming simulators with cartoonish and sometimes goofy graphics. Kinda like harvest moon. 9/10
,Recommended,413150,27134467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,~Ormagodon~,"Harvest Moon fans rejoice!User reviews:RECENT: Overwhelmingly Positive (4,729 reviews)OVERALL: Overwhelmingly Positive (34,590 reviews)"
,Recommended,413150,21511872,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dracorian Amanda,"I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Harvest Moon/Farmville/Animal Crossing, or anyone in general! I've been hooked since its release and find it hard to step away from my computer! The gameplay is fluid, albeit a few small bugs here and there, though the developers have been great about patching the bugs! The story is interesting, and there's nothing more satisfying than watching your little rundown farm grow :)"
,Recommended,413150,26831759,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bugger AllGreen,"Oy, mate! I know what you're thinking: ""This game is about working in farm?! It ain't possible to be fun at all"". But trust me, you have never been so wrong in your entire life since you decided to expend $80 in the last game from theInsert name from famous AAA FPS™series. For less than 15 bucks, evenlesserwhen there is a sale,  you can experience the closest a man can get to create life:to farm virtual crops.But the Stardew Valley experience™ is not only about that. You will have at your disposal a great selection of Waifus ( and Husbados in case you are into♥♥♥♥♥♥♥What? I have nothing against homosexuality. If you are into sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm no person to judge you.)Say a final ""good bye"" to the few real-life people that still talk to you. WHO NEEDS 3D GIRLS WHEN YOU HAVE 2D GIRLS, AMRITE?.Also, in case you get tired of using you hoe while working on your crops from your farm and bored of banging the hoes from the village, there are 2 dungeons that your digital farmer can explore. The first one with 120 floors that you wil have it completed in less than a week in in-game timeunless you are a pvssy. The second dungeon is literally, figuratively and metaphorically endless. Yep, that's right:ENDLESS. That means you can get infinite hours of gameplay from thischef-d'œuvre.In summary, you should give your money to ConcernedApe. He would do it for you if he had the chance.Rate: 5/5 Starfruits."
,Recommended,413150,22096385,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Nishikino Maki,"I knew this game was headed down the right road when some old dude handed me a sword. I tried telling him ""I'm just a simple farmer, I don't think I'll need a sword"" but 50 hours later my Lava Katana would beg to differ.If you like to clean messes and hoard cash while you watch more cash grow in front of you, this is the game to play.9/10, the only element it's missing is multiplayer."
,Recommended,413150,21648172,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Aznbeat,"I will never leave the Valley.For real though, I've played through two years, and am not even close to unlocking everything. This is a great game. Some days I just sit here all day long and dont even eat... Make a pizza or something before you start, because you won't be going anywhere once you press play."
,Recommended,413150,21484652,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,TheBuffED,"I haven't played much as of right now, but I can already tell that I'll be playing this for a while.I am a long time Harvest Moon fan, and more recently a fan of other pixelated games such as Terraria. This game is a very nice blend of RPG elements and so far I believe that it handles the agriculture aspect very well. I am excited to learn more about the in game community and see what secrets can be unlocked.The only things that I would point out is that the days seem really short. There's really no time to just mess around, you have to be on it from day 1.Overall, this game seems amazing and I'm excited to dive in."
76561197998010137,Recommended,413150,21484756,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jimmy Dabomb,"Stardew valley is a relaxed farming sim, with the ability to play how you'd like, run a farm, live a life. It's extremely relaxing to play, and yet ever after a few hours, I feel like I could easily get lost in its depths.I'm excited to keep playing!"
76561198070229066,Recommended,413150,33346657,Posted: 7 July,all,Worst Player,This game hits me right in the nostalgia. It has some kind of magic SNES quality to it.
76561198200491554,Recommended,413150,32668575,Posted: 22 June,all,Waldo The Corgi,This Game is indescribably amazing 10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,413150,24570373,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mega Faggot,"I just started with this game with less than one hour on it, so I generally shouldn't be writing reviews. But I couldn't help it, this game is absolutely fantastic. Great gameplay, interesting and unique characters, funny dialog, and a great soundtrack to boot. Not to mention that I can tell I'll be enjoying this for many weeks to come.Edit: stopped playing it after a couple hours and can't bring myself to get back into it. Amazing game, but I'm a lazy ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,413150,21513946,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,caamt13,I've waited for this game for 3 years and it's worth every second.
76561198163135277,Recommended,413150,29596252,Posted: 30 January,all,kitterkat3,"As a friend once said, this game is crack."
,Recommended,413150,33450105,Posted: 11 July,all,...,remind me of Harvest Moon Back To Nature lol
,Recommended,413150,26989645,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spigot,"I'm not a big fan of the Harvest Moon games, which is why I was so shocked at how addicted I've become to Stardew Valley.  It has so many layers that just when you think you've seen most of what it has to offer, it shows you something new to obsess over.I've put almost 70 hours into the game already and feel like I'm just scratching the surface."
,Recommended,413150,29969410,Posted: 16 February,all,✪ malinka マックス ✪,"A really relaxing, chilled and fun game with awesome music and cool graphics. I didn't think that I would like this game at all when I first saw it, but now that I've actually played it, I couldn't recommend it more!"
,Recommended,413150,22194414,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Chiamires,"This game is crazy. I Wasted 40 hours on it in 3 days.If you are looking after a game you'll play for a long time, You've found it.EDIT: I got the chance to play the new update and it ads even more to the fun. If there was something higher than ""recommend"" I would definetly click that."
,Recommended,413150,21596972,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,AdrenA,"This game... This game...It's that kind of game that I just need to ALT+F4 to get out or else I won't do anything else for the rest of the day (or night). It's simply amazing and VERY addicting.If you ever played and liked Harvest Moon or Rune Factory, this was lovingly made for you. If you like Terraria or even Minecraft, it also have elements that might please you greatly. It also reminds me a lot of Animal Crossing at times. Put clearly its biggest inspiration is Harvest Moon, as it iterates and adds a lot to the old formula we love.There's a LOT of content for a game at this price, don't let the simple graphics fool you.VERY recommended!"
,Recommended,413150,21514875,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,yanmew,revived my interest for a genre i thought i would never play again
76561198128428383,Recommended,413150,22270805,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Spoopy G.Bread™,"its a really fun and relaxing game :3very beautiful as well ! And the story gets more and more interesting as you play.Pros: ^mentioned above, and honestly I don't see much problems in this game :3Cons:  -Villagers head icon don't show on the map which makes it very hard to find them :/-You can only talk to villagers twice a day...-The price in stuff in this game is a bit too high.. since you don't earn much-Wallpaper purchased can be only used once and cost 250G, i think that's a bit tooexpensive and plus the fact that you cannot reuse it.-Walking speed is too slow and time passed too fast.. maybe balance both a bit ?-Fishing tutorial is a bit too confusing for beginners (complaint from a friend of mine who'snew to this kind of games).-It's kinda bad how you cant enter NPC's house/room (because NPC such as sebastian isALWAYS in his room) without being friends with them(?) and it also make it hard forplayers to complete the ""introduction"" quest due to all that.Also I think it would be amazing if players can enter NPC's house even at night to seewhat they are doing, like small interaction makes it fun :DOverall I would definitaly recommend this game to my friends ! I'm a huge fan of harvest moon type of games :3But it would be nice if the dev decides to add in villagers head icon in game so we can locate them easily !**Ps: although Cons list are longer doesn't mean the game is bad, just wanted to point out some opinion for better development for this game, this is a greta game with potential ! But some improvements will make itinto an amazing game :D **"
,Recommended,413150,23736291,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lgon,year 1: i asked a grill if she wanted to dance with me. she said eww gross. started giving her coconuts everydayyear 2: me and my grill are married and have banged a couple times.never give up on dreams 10/10
,Recommended,413150,22894390,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Oracle,"As a person who absolutely loves Harvest Moon and Rune Factory, this game became an instant favourite. Planting crops, raising animals, marrying, mining, fishing, cutting down trees...it has all the familiar stuff from Harvest Moon, as well as the monster fighting and a bit of crafting from Rune Factory, as well as allowing the glorious addition of mods.Basically, if you enjoyed any of the aformentioned titles, I have a feeling that you'll love this little gem."
76561198011290740,Recommended,413150,22084442,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,EvilSpock,Really fun little game. Highly reccomend :D
76561198005974227,Recommended,413150,21690162,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Nuka-Cola,It takes the remembered nostalgia of harvest moon and makes it a reality.
,Recommended,413150,21690504,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Arky - xgc.ro,"he should not be concerned anymore , great game"
,Recommended,413150,21596237,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Raiyne,I've never played Harvest Moon.2 hours in I punched myself in the stomach to stop playing.  Tired all the next day both in and out of game.  So much to do; how can I make friends AND fish AND farm?3 hours in I spend all my money on iron and copper ore.  Only then do I realize sprinklers only water 4 adjacent tiles.  I have 30 crops.6 hours in I finally get around to swingin' my sword.  Everything is smooth until I start hacking rocks apart to find the ladder down to 20 before I run out of energy.10 hours in and I start piling flowers and gifts on everyone to catch up making friends.  9 out of 10 rejected my gift.   Stanley liked his though.  Stomach bruises are healing.
,Recommended,413150,21648794,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,dotmos,"Very relaxing little game!If you like Harvest Moon, Rune Factory or any other game of the franchise, then you definitely want to play Stardew Valley.And if it ever gets boring, you can download mods to extend the game.Great job Eric Barone / Chucklefish!"
76561198103330696,Recommended,413150,33190992,Posted: 3 July,all,xx_coconut_xx,Pretty Good.
76561198080268954,Recommended,413150,30323678,Posted: 4 March,all,Smoky,"Great game, very cheery and colourful with so much to do you'll be busy all day almost every day.IMPORTANT TIP: DON'T GET MARRIED UNTIL YOU GET 10 HEARTS WITH ALL DATABLE CHARACTERS! Or else you'll be locked out from all 10 heart  special charcter scenes. Also after working so hard to marry someone you'll feel really bad divorcing them.Unfortunately most stuff gets dull after about 3 years because there's no new events or anything that take place. From then on you just do a bunch of automation stuff.Note to Devs: Please for the love of god change the Junimo huts, the farms we can make are so dang inefficient!"
,Recommended,413150,21583494,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jack Lemmon,"Without a doubt one of the best indie games I've ever played.  The three or so year wait was absolutely worth it, and I can't wait to see what else the developer will add to this already beautiful and immersive world.  If you're not sure about picking this up, just do it.  It hasn't even been out for a week yet and I've put nearly two days of play into it.  It's addictive, charming, and plays so smoothly.  Love it, love it, love it!"
,Recommended,413150,21583123,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SebastianBastian,"I would just try it out a bit, I thought...Six hours later I had my first chickens......and now at work I am daydreaming about my farm. So yeah, love this game so far."
,Recommended,413150,21576244,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,No Harm,"This game is such a gem. It's everything an indie game should be: fun, simple and yet addictive. It's incredible what passion, dedication and hard work can do, and the result is an absolute must-have."
76561198023469248,Recommended,413150,21583502,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hugh Jas,I hate farming simulators. I love this game.
,Recommended,413150,21586915,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Q!,This is my life now.
,Recommended,413150,21597536,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,orenjikitty,A discussion with friends led to this impluse buy. Not regretting the decision at all. Brings back a lot of HM memories and even the slew of papers that came with it. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21610622,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mattarchy,Been waiting so long for a harvest moon like game on PC and I love this so much!! Cannot wait to see if multi player is coming!!
,Recommended,413150,21610202,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ID: Monologs,The Harvest moon we don't deserve but now havePenny best girl
,Recommended,413150,21812737,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Nintendawg,"As an avid player of Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town back in the day as a teenager, this game is a step up.It's beautifully drawn, immersive, and I always come back for more (then I fall asleep with it still running at night because I just can't put it down!)!ConcernedApe, congrats on this great game, and thanks for being fully integrated into your community of loyal players!10/10 game. Get it!"
76561197970302383,Recommended,413150,22799294,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Skare,"If you loved Harvest Moon you will love this game! It's like Harvest Moon but with fishing, horses, combat, exploration, social interaction, living characters, events, goats, sheep, pigs, cows, ducks, etc. etc. etc. ... Ok, it's more like a modern, lovingly detailed, complex yet simple take on the ""Harvest Moon"" genre. I love this game."
76561198002137624,Recommended,413150,21531945,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,twitch.tv/meesterjohn,"Seriously one of the best games in years. It fuses the simplicity and beauty of old Harvest Moon games like Mineral Town with the exploration and crafting quality of Terraria. If you ever liked Harvest Moon, you'll love this game, and it's price is amazing. Half a year in and I'm still discovering new and exciting things."
,Recommended,413150,24489687,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SuperPieGs,"Random girl catched me going through trash in my quest to find food to survive in this harsh world, obviously I did fall in love with her, asked her to dance with me later and she rejected me. My new quest started than, stalking her to find out what she likes. Two weeks later found out she likes salad, I than decided to feed her salad twice a week, now we are married 10/10 would stalk again.Now seriously, this game is like a drug, it will kill your social life, you will never leave your cave, I did go into this game thinking I wouldnt like it at all but damn the first time I played I got so lost in it I played it a whole day with little break in between.. 40 hours or so in the first two days that I started playing it. For sure one of the best games that I played the whole year, I ditched skyrim for this, that says enough :P"
,Recommended,413150,32883643,Posted: 27 June,all,ObsidianX,"If you like Harvest Moon games, this is a welcome addition to the genre.  I'm looking forward to multiplayer!"
,Recommended,413150,33201363,Posted: 3 July,all,silentblossom,"I absolutely love this game. It's so relaxing to play, has a beautiful soundtrack, and has a ton of freedom to do whatever you want. It's paced perfectly so you never get bored, and has some very realistic and nice characters. 100% worth it to buy."
,Recommended,413150,33380304,Posted: 8 July,all,Teddyy_D,"Just started playing it and I cant seem to stop, an amazing game~"
,Recommended,413150,28058083,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mr. Smiles,"I haven't put this much time into a farming game since Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town, and it will only get better as updates add content!"
,Recommended,413150,24041201,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,pugmonster2,"First off, let me address the biggest complaint I’ve seen in the “Negative Reviews”“It deleted my save.”This is the big one, and it happened to me once. It was easily fixed. If this happens to you, go to your %appdata% folder, click on the Stardew Valley folder, then the saves folder. In this folder should be 4 files: “Name_1234567890”; “Name_1234567890_old”; “SaveGameInfo”; and “SaveGameInfo_old”. I’ve read different methods on fixing this, but the way I did it worked too. If there’s any other files there, delete them. Then do this:1.	Backup the folder in case you screw it up.2.	Copy the SaveGameInfo_old file and paste it in the same folder as it, then rename it to just “SaveGameInfo” (without the quotations). Replace the original SaveGameInfo with it.3.	Do the same thing with the “Name_1234567890” and “Name_1234567890_old” respectively.This worked for me, but if it doesn’t work for you, then go to the official forums and seek help.Now, the review.I’ve never in my life played Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, or Animal Crossing, yet I really, really love this game. It’s easily the cheeriest game I’ve ever played. I would probably say it’s my favorite game I own on Steam. It really takes you away for a while. The most amazing part: It was developed by only one man.NPCs:The NPCs all have daily routines. They’ve each got an interesting, unique backstory you can learn. You can befriend them, and even marry some of them.Gameplay:If you’re looking for a game with loads of depth, look no further. There’s plenty to do in this game. If you want to fight stuff, go into the mines. If you want to farm, well, just farm. If you want to fish, then get your fishing pole and go cast it out. Or maybe you just want to explore, or get to know the townsfolk, or restore the community center. There’s plenty to do that will keep you entertained for hours.Cons:-The game doesn’t really tell you how to do much of anything, you’re mostly on your own.-The U.I. could use some work, imo.-Feels weird with a controller, again, just my opinion, and not really a gamebreaker.Overall, I’d say get it. I absolutely love this gem. Also, this is my first real review. So, sorry if it isn’t good.Edit: I finally got around to getting a Harvest Moon game to see the similarities. I see plenty of them, but I still like Stardew better!"
,Recommended,413150,21585986,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hans,I always hated farming games.But this game made me love it. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,30327489,Posted: 4 March,all,Chay ♡,has waifus10/10
,Recommended,413150,30225883,Posted: 27 February,all,Lou Zephyr,"It is an awesome feeling to plant a seed, watching it slowly grow over time to a full developed beautiful plant, before you cut it down, dry it and then roll a fat blunt with it.Great game btw"
,Recommended,413150,22275005,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Potatolord,'1 more in-game day... just one more....'4 irl hours later'Why is it dark outside already'
76561198046113647,Recommended,413150,33169725,Posted: 2 July,all,Deco,"> Quested to find and return Mayor Lewis' purple shorts discreetly> Found the purple shorts> Waited for the Stardew Valley Fair> Placed Mayor Lewis' shorts for the Grange Display contest> Talked to Mayor Lewis to start the contest> Mayor Lewis began to inspect the displays> Mayor became upset once he saw mine> Was awarded 750 star tokens to keep his secret10/10 This game is amazing, and I'm a bad person. :("
,Recommended,413150,33148690,Posted: 2 July,all,BeanSprout,"Beautiful game that has helped me through a lot of rough times in life. It's both athmospheric and calming. I find myself spending hours at end to nurture my ever expanding garden and take care of my animals. I love that you can keep animals. The ducks and hens are so smol and cute.If you liked simulation games growing up, I'd recommend this for sure. You really get to take a dive into another world, not far from ours, but still weird enough to be considered magic."
76561198316530860,Recommended,413150,33179483,Posted: 3 July,all,bigantree,"Stardew Valley is a great game, if someone was interested I would definitely tell them to buy it.I only feel as if the interactions with the people of the Valley are limited (not that big of a deal).  Aside from that as of today I have no complaints that come to mind"
76561198276979274,Recommended,413150,26769959,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ṗîc₥🍓ñ⧘&dƖgȋƈꜧ,"best  harvest moon ,rune factory castaway alike game of all time"
76561198293243300,Recommended,413150,30133067,Posted: 23 February,all,hazykitten,"I love this game! Very similiar to games like Harvest Moon and Story of Seasons, with very cute pixel graphics. A relaxing game that melts away the hours, with extensive collectables and a lovely storyline."
,Recommended,413150,30248327,Posted: 28 February,all,OLD GOAT BEARD,"This is a fantastic game in the spirit of the Harvest Moon series. It is a work of love by a single developer, and the care and attention to detail shows."
76561198017865147,Recommended,413150,29873884,Posted: 12 February,all,Lars,WOW
76561198109701132,Recommended,413150,29959349,Posted: 16 February,all,wyrdguardian1,"It's like a Harvest moon, but on pc. What's there not to like?"
,Recommended,413150,21490226,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,bkpaladin,"I've been waiting for Stardew Valley to come out for over a year. So far, it's a wonderful game! The developer (one guy) has done an amazing job making this game, and I'm thoroughly enjoying it. I'm still very early in the game, and already I can see the depth this game has, much more so than many others in its genre.*EDIT*I've now been playing for about 20 hours, and the game continues to impress and surprise me. I was most recently blown away by the game when I was able to cooperatively play an arcade mini-game with one of the marriage candidates during a friendship event."
,Recommended,413150,33119420,Posted: 2 July,all,Mirm,"I saw this game and instantly wanted it. Reviews were great, and it was on sale. Then my children started hanging around watching me play. Then my husband bought himself a copy. Then my children started fighting me for time on my computer so that they could play, too. Now I have to buy them copies for their Steam accounts. Then my best friend advised that she was also buying it.Yeah, it's that good. It's 3:30am and I just realized I need to eat something. For real."
,Recommended,413150,33323742,Posted: 6 July,all,Berserk | CSGOROLL.COM,Deserves the overwhelmingly positive reviews~
,Recommended,413150,27725438,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Carlos Salinas de Gortari,"Stardew Valley is an amazing Farm Simulator. If you miss your old days playing Harvest Moon on Game Cube, Nintendo 64 or Game Boy, this will bring you nostalgia, and happiness, I really couldn't stop playing for 2 weeks after launch."
76561197994794568,Recommended,413150,30534174,Posted: 15 March,all,Aviator Alligator,I went out today and bought a jar of raw organic wildflower honey from my local store....I've been playing this game way too much.
76561198246208598,Recommended,413150,32957572,Posted: 28 June,all,SemiramisAudron,"Beautiful Game, perfect for time wasting without remorse and befriending people or questing and dungeon divingCute graphics and nice modding community too.Extremely worth the money!"
,Recommended,413150,21897568,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Chen,NEET
,Recommended,413150,33347588,Posted: 7 July,all,Pit Shickles,"The PC version of ""Harvest Moon"" I've always wanted, and then some."
76561198136854438,Recommended,413150,21482986,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cinericius,"I've been following this game since the first hints of it since 2012, and by god has the years flown. I've been watching the development of this game for 4 long years and it's finally come to release. I can say that I'm proud to own and play this game.It's everything you could want from a country-life rpg game. Inspired by Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, Animal Crossing, and a few other mentions. By all means this game is NOT a clone, it's a game within itself. All made by one man, ConcernedApe. Music, Art, Game, Code, everything. He's done it, and he's a hard worker. It shows in his game. I've only played it 2.5 hours of the time writing this but I've been watching the news, updates, streams, and more of this game and you will NOT be disappointed in picking this up."
76561198020962979,Recommended,413150,21484903,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MA-SIMON,Loooong in the making & perfect. Play it!
76561198108064376,Recommended,413150,21483273,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mordant,"I never felt 'farming game' quite summed up the charm of Harvest Moon. Sure, the farming gameplay was a main draw as it is a minority genre in the sea of combat/competition oriented games. But the full package of farm, town, time, relationships, etc is what really made the fans of the series so passionate about it- this game gets it right.So far the gameplay is pretty fluid and fun. High level of farm customization. The most authentic-feeling rural community sim out there."
,Recommended,413150,21484510,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,klaxender,"Initial impressions are very good. The game is fun, the sprites look great, and it has kept me interested and eager to play for the 2 hours I've been able to put into it.  My one biggest gripe is movement using a xbox 360 controller. Diagonal movement is very sluggish and slow. I tend to move my character on a grid by going in straight directions to go anywhere. This is mostly an annoyance but I would like to see it addressed.  I also wish there was a way to travel a bit faster near the beginning of the game.  This may be old age speaking but I hate the time wasted walking into the village and back when I wish I were farming or interacting with villagers.  I know animals can be used as a mount but maybe a bicycle?  For all I know this already exists and I just haven't reached that point, but if it does I wish it were available sooner.So this is a quick and dirty review just to say I'm loving the game and highly recommend it to all. I'll chime in later with an update after I have some more time invested."
,Recommended,413150,21658456,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,school_zombie,The game is great and stands up to Harvest Moon (now Story of Seasons).  All we need now is Stardew Valley 2 with Zelda: Wind Waker graphics.The perfect family safe game 10/10PS: The soundtrack is worth the cost.EDIT: My Hoe Proficiency went up by 1....People stopped talking to me :*(
,Recommended,413150,21487038,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Sorrow,"Let me say, I've been waiting YEARS for this game. I've been hyped for it forever, IT HAS EXCEEDED my expectations. I don't usually write reviews but this game deserves it. I've only played an hour so far so. The guy who made this game deserves so much credit. He did it alone, the art, gameplay, pretty much everything. The farming as a good feeling to it, the art is great. Character's facial expressions. I LOVE the music. It also offers combat, mining, fishing, plenty of ways of making money. There is also a crafting feature, you can pretty much make your farm however you want it, the layout I mean. If you like Runefactory, harvest moon, I wouldn't hesitate to get this game, it is well worth your 15$. You'll have hours of gameplay as well.  10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,413150,21509819,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Critwrench,"The first thing many reviewers say about Stardew Valley is that it is ""like Harvest Moon"". This is both right and wrong; it is a farming game where you can raise animals or crops, there is a mine, you can romance several of the villagers... but a lot of these features are more features of the genre. Where Stardew Valley excels compared to games like Harvest Moon is in its' execution. Crops can be placed individually, watered individually, all the little technical niggles that took other games many iterations to perfect, Stardew Valley gets right the first time.Add in a stunning variety of crops and animals and things to do, a likeable, believeable cast of villagers to befriend or romance, sprite art that is full-fledged rather than lazy micro-pixels, and a soundtrack I wouldn't mind listening to again and again, and you have an amazing game-- in a genre that is practically nonexistant on PC.Should you buy this game? Absolutely. I won't say it will convince you on the genre if you don't like it, but if you're even neutral about farming sims, Stardew Valley is worth your money, and more importantly, it is worth your time."
,Recommended,413150,21487402,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,John Gamer,if Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing had a baby it'd be this beautiful thing. Tons of stuff to do and collect and the characters in the town actually feel alive. Seasons and Events throughout the game keep it fresh as well.Singleplayer only for now. Multiplayer coming in a future free update. If you're looking for something like Harvest Moon/Animal Crossing on PC. This is the closest you'll get. (The upcoming Harvest Moon PC game is not made by Marvelous so its probably going to be crap).Amazing work considering its only made by 1 guy. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,413150,21488352,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Delaio,"Do you want a good old school harvest moon game on PC, but with tons of improvements and QoL features? This is the game for you.Edit 11/23/2016The updates to this game have been absolutly amazing. This game deserves to break the scales, an 11/10 game if I've ever played one."
,Recommended,413150,21487166,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nascid,Way better than I thought.
,Recommended,413150,21487371,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,A Majestic Nolo,"Three years, I waited. This game is finally the amazing creation in which I had hoped it would be.- If you enjoyed playing harvest moon than this game is absolutley for you.The soundtrack is beautiful. Ive listened to every song and I have to comment how well every track is composed.The art style is awesome. This colorful yet simple pixel art style is one that I just simply love. With sprites that are animted just a little here and there to give the characters a feeling that makes them sort of alive.The gameplay - its everything I didnt expect. Its a certainly new take on the ""Farming"" (?) genre. Combining a type of sandbox with a little bit of creativity at your fingertips and dirt on your hands as you work. And with Mutiplayer just around the corner (Or if its out when you read this) Its double. No, Triple. No, Quadruple the fun with up to four people.This may not be the most helpful review but I would like to personally say, Thank You so much and Congradulations Concerned Ape. You've created a beautiful game that thousands of people will enjoy and continue to enjoy for years to come. Thank You for putting so much of your time and effort in to give us this gift."
,Recommended,413150,21487865,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SonnyBone,"I'm a HUGE Harvest Moon fan. To say that the series has gone downhill since the glory days is an understatement. There have been ups and downs, but mostly downs. My favorite games in the series are Back to Nature, Friends of Mineral Town, Magical Melody, HM64, and Animal Parade. I never cared much for the Rune Factory series, and I was never convinced that Harvest Moon needed a combat system. But then Stardew Valley was announced and I immediately started paying attention... yet I remained cautiously optimistic.So if my story sounds a lot like yours, then let me say that you should NOT hesitate to pick up Stardew Valley RIGHT NOW. This is the laid-back, charming farm simulator you've been waiting for. There are tons of events, crops, villagers, recipes, decorations, etc. It's MORE of what you want with a new twist: COMBAT! Now going into the mines offers an extra layer of challenge that really sets this game apart from the HM series. And with the quest system, museum collections, and Community Center challenges, you have a ton of things to occupy yourself with while earning awesome rewards. I'm only scratching the surface of Stardew Valley, but I can already tell that it's going to give me at least 100 hours of entertainment.AND DID I MENTION THE SOUNDTRACK? It's phehomenal!"
,Recommended,413150,21489566,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Badingo,Best Indie Game ive played......never had nothing to do in the game. Always fun stuff around the corner waiting. Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing had a Child and that child had a child with farming simulator. Good art and soundtrack.
,Recommended,413150,21490782,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KillerGymSox,"If you like Rune Factory or Harvest Moon and are tired of crappy farming games that don't live up look no further!  This was developed by a single person and you can see the love and dedication that was put forth to make this gem.  15 bucks?  I would spend a lot more on a game of this calibur.  Beautiful pixel art, great character design, great story-telling, fun mini-games, tons of hours.  I just can't stop playing it.  If you are looking at the reviews to decide well stop, give this guy your monies."
,Recommended,413150,21497926,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,RX-W3eD,1 word explains this game.......addicting
,Recommended,413150,27721634,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Berylline,"Stardew Valley is a lovely Harvest Moon-like game in which you can clean up your farm, plant crops, raise animals, go fishing, go mining, socialize with the townsfolk, attend festivals, and fight monsters.  I've put over 200 hours into the game so far and don't feel like I'm completely done with it, so this is a worthwhile purchase if any of the above sounds appealing to you!"
76561198096655331,Recommended,413150,23747950,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"Buy.Con:1. Pixels... (I like beautiful graphic)2. Once you've become rich, sometimes you'll feel a bit repetitive (but Co-Op is coming to SV!)3. Probability of misplacing a window tool (just have to becareful with stamina)Pro:1. EVERYTHING IS GREAT EXCEPT THE TWO POINTS ABOVE. But I should list the good things in this game, for ConcernedApe's sake :) He has done such a great job for making Stardew Valley for us.Before I begin, I beg for pardon for any grammar errors, and if some find my opinion 'wrong', let me tell you before hand, this is a personal opinion. Also, minor spoilers.The story starts with a bit background telling about how you live your life in the city, working (endlessly) in an office. You seemed tired with this kind of life/ work. Then the scene jumps into telling you about your grandpa's wish, an alternate option for you to spend your life- differently. Fast forward, your character decided to try things out in grandpa's village.As expected, when you arrived at the place, you're poor (with 500 gold in pocket), things are messed up in the farm, and you have to clean them up. As starter, you can start by picking up things on the ground, grow some vegetables, and start socializing with the villagers. They're good guys, and if you treat them well, they'll treat you good! When you've saved up some money, you can buy bigger bag for you to carry more stuff, do some mining, kill some monsters with your sword! Yeah! (the mining is fun & challenging!)You can befriend villagers, most of them will start giving you nice gifts at some point, also, you can marry some characters provided (same gender is no exception), have kids and settle down with your family. You can, like date every possible candidates to see which one you like the most to see their special scenes, so it's not limited to one person only (for those who's picky about characteristic hehe). When you get married, your spouse COULD be jealous when you start giving gifts to other people. I like this.The people here all have their own backgrounds of family, which will unfold when you get to know them better. Some might be nice from the start, some might be rude to you, but really, its just like how some people are in real life. As you progress, you will see some interesting secrets in Stardew Valley, hahaha!You can't kill a person here or any animals tbh, this isn't skyrim/ witcher. But using tools on animals might be cruel (I've never done that). Anyway, speaking of Skyrim, in Stardew Valley, you can steal.... from a garbage/ trashcan. Guards won't find you and put you to jail, but townsfolk who saw it will be kind of disgusted with you.You can fish, you can decorate your house, can decorate your farm, plant trees, beehives, greenhouse, go to sauna to replenish stamina, dug some worms to find artifacts, grow some HUGE vegetables, you can lost consciousness and find yourself running from zombies at some point, lol.I feel like this is going to be long, longer than I wanted. You should find the rest when you play this game. It's really worth every money spent buying.One more, modding is fun with Stardew Valley, I can turn my animals into POKEMONS! Ride Chocobo as my pony! For people who's superficial with how the people looks, can mod the face to be more 'Anime-ish'BUY THIS GAME!P.S: Beware to keep track of your real life time (might forgot things to do when you play this game lol)"
,Recommended,413150,21595065,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nifty,"This is the game I have been missing in my Steam library! You can farm, build, fish, fight monsters in the mines, make relationships with town members and much more. Loving it so far. Doesn't hurt that it is super cute as well."
76561198317213458,Recommended,413150,30515634,Posted: 14 March,all,threebigpaws,Stardew Valley is the best game ever!!!!!
,Recommended,413150,27818896,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yukinoshita_Amazing,星露谷这个游戏，虽是物语系列，但也正是物语系列，才激起了我对于这个游戏的兴趣，总之我是有好好的推荐这个游戏给朋友玩的。
,Recommended,413150,21589193,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Flextales,"I have not been so entranced by a game in a long time. Stardew Valley is the best parts of dozens of games wrapped up in a wonderful package that's impossible to put down, and at the asking price it's easily the best purchase I have made in the last few years.The art and music feel just like Chrono Trigger. There is love in every pixel and the colors while vibrant never aggrevate the eye. All of the characters have a fun and unique look to them and the way some of the physics effects work, leaves, grass, light just make the game incredibly beautiful. The music is phenomenal and I find myself humming the tunes while I'm at work. The tracks masterfully set the mood and atmosphere of the season and the time of the day and I have yet to find a single bad track. Needless to say I will be buying the soundtrack.The gameplay is the best parts of the harvest moon/animal crossing/rune factory series, and even though it borrows heavily from these games it stands out on it's own as the best of all of these. I am not exaggerating when I say one man has successfully solved most if not all of the issues with this games predecessors and takes it above and beyond in terms of both content quantity and quality.I have not completed the story but I am completely enthralled by it, the characters are surprisingly human and react to you as an outsider for the first few months then begin to pull you into their lives. There is also plenty of hidden easter eggs and mystery shrouded in the town. Seriously what is that noise when it rains? What is in the sewer? Whats going on with that bathhouse? The list goes on and on.The gameplay unlocks are fed to you at such an amazing pace that you catch yourself saying ""Just one more day"" and then one more, and then one more. There is so much to do and much to see so there's nothing wrong with taking the backstreet to Stardew Valley.If you are remotely curious about this game then pick it up, you won't regret it. Games like this come rarely and while the single player is complete there is the promise of added multiplayer, it can't get any better! Easily the best game I have played in years, can't wait to go home and play it more."
,Recommended,413150,28889642,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bobo Magroto,"If you liked Harvest Moon, you'll like (or more likely love) thisStarting with the traditional Harvest Moon run down farm and some basics to start off with, you work your way up to greatest, along with extras like Foraging, Mining and even making Artisan goods, everything is open to you, do what you like, make some money, go home, get married and live a happy lifeIt's highly addictive, but it is a very calming and easy going game (Personal Top 5 games pick for 2016)Make 'him' proud, son/daughter"
,Recommended,413150,21483942,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Yubel,"From a really short playthrough, I can honestly say this is a Harvest Moon-esque game at heart, but it does have some differences. The energy meter is much easier to manage and seeds plant one by one rather in a 3x3 area in a game like Rune Factory. I haven't played far enough to get the animal or find out more about the underground, but as it stands, the characters are adorable and htey all have a bit of personality, but the game doesn't really hold your hand and immediately lets you do whatever you want the moment you wake up in your home.If you liked Haverst Moon or Rune Factory, you'll love this game. If you didn't, there's still a chance you'll love this game. Don't let the Chucklefish title sway you, this game is worth the $15.EDIT:Upon more time playing this game, the mining is a wonderful experience that is akin to Rune Factory and has me loving it. The fishing is fun and the fact you can quite literally build your farm is amazing. My only complaint is that you can only talk to NPCs once a day, it makes me a bit sad and I hope later on he'll at least add a way for them to repeat what they said that day.Either way, this is a tremendous game with a butt ton of support. If you like ANY game that's even close to this, you'll love this game. It has reignited a passion in my heart that I didn't know how to light. Buy this game, please, for me, you, and the developer. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,413150,27909607,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,i love farm,literally the best game i've ever played in my entire 18 years of life
76561197965987218,Recommended,413150,21535044,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,andrew_odb,"I hate all games, yet I love this game.ConcernedApe, the sole developer, is a God."
,Recommended,413150,22627806,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Shuiguo【有事QQ找我】,Stardew Valley is a full of happiness game!! ♥♥♥♥we can experience life of the farm!!!WE NEED CHINESE!!!!!! HARD TO PLAY WITH MY POOR ENGLISH!!!
76561198094070601,Recommended,413150,27594451,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CameleonZZZ,"Good story.  Great for those who like farm games, like Havest Moon, but want a game that moves along faster than the others while still having a good variety of story lines."
,Recommended,413150,21630364,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Prof. L. Coholic,"I may or may not have lost 40 hours to stardew over the last weekend (according to my library at least). I'm not quite clear on that myself, though since my memory of it is kind of hazy and I'm still trying to get my brain to readjust to my regular daily routine after that prolonged weekend.What I know for certain is that, just like ""one more turn"", ""one more day"" is definitely a thing."
,Recommended,413150,24157447,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Brendan,"Finally a Harvest Moon game on PC that's better than Harvest MoonHighly recomend this to anyone who loves dating sims, farming in video games and dungeon adventuring."
76561197998773243,Recommended,413150,24167716,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Yarpfish,"I love this game! I love that it is addictive but not too stressful. Like, there is no way you can do everything you want in one day, so you end up with elaborate plans about what you're going to do tomorrow,and the day after.....and then it's 4 in the morning.This game I think also shows that you can be a really really good game without being *violent*."
76561198072469165,Recommended,413150,34895089,Posted: 11 September,all,Treason is Treason,great combat more immerisive then skyrim
,Recommended,413150,21644294,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Gosumania,"Charming, Nostalgic and Good SoundtrackIf you love Harvest Moon or Rune Factory this game is for you. Hours of content, Great OST and I'm yet to encounter a single bug. What's more amazing is that the game was created by a single person and it isn't an early access game either, it's 100% done product and the developer has stated that there will probably be more content in the future.In recent years, the Harvest Moon series has died down some over the course of several new games, where the next one does not really add anything new to the last. Until now, the only alternative to the series has mostly been Rune Factory, which is also a very good series. This game, however takes the good from both series and breathes new life into the formula.Thanks ConcernedApe for your years of hard work! Its been a long time but your community loves the game. Congratulations!10/10"
76561198060219701,Recommended,413150,21550222,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,lostcraft,"If you like a game you actually play just to relax and have some good, non-competive fun, Stardew Valley will hit the spot- deep enough to keep you busy, but never even remotely punishing. HIGHLY recommended!You're stuck in your job, constant monotony getting you down, and then you inherit a farm from old gramps, located in idyllic but somewhat run-down Pelican Town. You instantly throw your modern life away for the simpler pleasures of living off the land... welcome to Stardew Valley!Clearly inspired by popular sims like Harvest Moon and Rune Factory, Stardew Valley brings the formula to the PC and does a really good job in almost all aspects. This is even more impressive considering this is a game made by one guy; I've follwed development for almost two years and the release has been a smooth and cheerful one.If you have played Harvest Moon, you know what you're in for, if not, these are the basic features: You're thrown into a small town filled with people to meet and befriend (and even court and marry), and you get a large plot of land in the worst condition possible, only to make it your own prospering farm. If you don't want to till soil and water plants all day, you can also go fishing, raise animals, fight monsters in a deep dark mine, run errands and quests for townspeople, or hunt down artifacts and minerals for the local museum. There is a lot to do no matter what path you take, and most people will want to do a little bit of everything.Stardew Valley must be one of the most laid-back, soothing games I've played in the past- there is an overall atmosphere of welcoming friendlyness in the town, and as the game moves through the seasons, the cute pixel art really shines, creating summer, fall, winter and spring with rich colours and lots of small animations. The music is downright charming too, providing gently background tunes for all seasons.There is a pleasant routine to everything: Working your farm and socialising, selling crops and buying improvements, crafting helpful machinery and items and partaking in festivals and competitions will keep you busy, and while there is never much ""pressure"" to the game, you'll rarely find yourself idle at any point. Maybe you want to focus on one season to grow pricey crops and raise enough money for a cool new barn, or maybe you want to take a break and explore monster-filled dungeons for a change... or is there a single in town who'd make a good better half?The slow pace of the game and the fact that there is technically no way to die or ""lose"" allows you to set your own pace, which can come as a shock. The worst thing that can happen is that you fall over from exhaustion, which results in some money being lost, but otherwise goes unpunished. This is a sandbox that is truly your own.The game does have a few little quirks that could use improvement- most infamously, some items are hard to interact with because the perspective makes triggering them unnecessarily complicated, and there is very little in-game information about the use of some items. Upgrades tend to be very expensive, which isn't much of a deal breaker though.That being said, the developer seems very determined to make this game the best he can, and patches/tweak have been delivered in quick succesion."
,Recommended,413150,21573464,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DoktorUnsinn,"Fantastic game if Harvest Moon-esque games are your shtick, you'll adore this game. If you've never played a farming game before you may still love it because it's that good."
,Recommended,413150,21538881,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rest Calm,I can't stop.
,Recommended,413150,33177022,Posted: 3 July,all,Neko,This is a relaxing and LONG farming management game. Doesn't require a beastly hardware to run.Anti-Stress Simulator. Would farm again. 10/10Early tip:Get the hay silo on a animal shop in the south of your house ASAP before you start scything your front yard grass.. saves you food later for the farm animals.
,Recommended,413150,22033751,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,King of the Gully,"Don't buy it, it'll steal your life."
,Recommended,413150,31756510,Posted: 14 May,all,Eternal Mage,"The most relaxing game I've ever played, bar none. The style is beautiful in its simplicity, the pace is perfect, the characters are pure gems. As for the players? One only needs to browse the Stardew Valley subreddit to see how amazing this game is in bringing a community of people together.Highly recommended for all wannabe farmers :)"
,Recommended,413150,27465937,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dysnomia,"All my time was spent, gathering items in the mine to get Sebastian to love me, and I don't regret it one bit. Simple game that will keep you going for hours."
76561198041406591,Recommended,413150,33148022,Posted: 2 July,all,(OF) ladydeathkitty83,love this game
,Recommended,413150,33140893,Posted: 2 July,all,Juxen ✪,This game is addictive! Worth every $!
,Recommended,413150,32876883,Posted: 27 June,all,Snam,"My father is a big fan of farming. There are pitchforks and hoes everywhere in our house. On average once a month someone will step on pitchfork lying on the ground and must be taken to the hospital. In my 22 years of life I have been on such a treatment 10 times already. A week ago I went to some for a check up and women from reception told me right away to take off my shoe xD she thought I stepped on a pitchfork again.The second half of the house is messed up with Polish Farmer, Onion's World, Super Beets xD etc. Every week my father makes a tour of all the newsstands in the city to complete all farming weeklies. I was so stupid that I taught him to the internet, because I thought we would save some money on these newspapers, but now he still buys them and is making ♥♥♥♥♥torms on some forums with other farmes what fertilizers are the best etc... Once my father♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, so I set up an account there, and I was trolling him with some sort of stupid post like 'your life is like onion, it makes me cry'. Mother couldnt keep up with cooking potatoes to calm him down."
,Recommended,413150,21886338,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,BoTaBi,"Stardew Valley is a easy but extremely addictive game to play. For some reason you just get lost in time when playing this game cause of the many possibillity's it has, you can go fishing, mining, farming or just relax and visit the town and try to be friends with the villagers. I would recommend this game alot and i think you will enjoy your time in Stardew Valley!"
76561197964982458,Recommended,413150,22107826,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Darkmyth,"This game is like a mixture of ""Harvest Moon"" meets ""Legend of Zelda"" with side of ""Terraria"" and a hint of ""Chrono Trigger"" style graphics.I started to play it and I couldn't stop, so much to do. I am the type of person that when I get into a game (the first play-though) I absorb everything and want to explore everything as quickly as possible.The more content and options, the more dangerous it is for me. This game is addictive and tons of fun. I love switching from farming, to mining, to fighting, to improving the town... to decorating my house... to... it goes on and on...The developers put a lot of love and time into this game... and it shows! If you like all of the above mentioned games, get it without hesitation! My top game so far for 2016!"
,Recommended,413150,24082394,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Koolool,6 Minutes into this game and I can't figure out what shirt I want cause there's so many to choose from. What's better than a game with 100+ shirt options?10/10 Would pick shirts again
76561197990129012,Recommended,413150,21495591,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,AGzard,หนึ่งเกมสูบวิญญาณ
76561198151204380,Recommended,413150,33395766,Posted: 8 July,all,Davi_Lavonne,Fantastic game that you can completely lose yourself in!!
,Recommended,413150,21641424,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,#yolo #swag #fierce #wow,This is the best Harvest Moon game in almost 15 years.
,Recommended,413150,21610961,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MisterNoodles,I smoked weed with a wizard and made friends with a hobo who eats trash.10/10 would 420 again.
,Recommended,413150,21653174,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jawasus,Growing weed all day 4/20
76561198039896624,Recommended,413150,21610618,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Ziggy,"This is the best Harvest Moon game I've ever played. Sprite graphics are gorgeous, music is fantastic. I can see myself sinking hundreds of hours into this."
,Recommended,413150,21831532,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Gober,"When your in-game account balance is higher than your real life's account11/10 worth the price, definitely a must-buy!"
,Recommended,413150,21833647,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Seasons Guide,"What an awesome game!I was always searching for the next ""Harvest Moon"" style game and was hoping that Story of Seasons would do it for me, but it had fallen flat and just couldn't captivate me.Stardew Valley:Controls feel goodMusic is immersiveFarming is fun and easyThe villagers feel new and interestingCombat elements were a surprise!You can fill a meuseum! :DFishing is challenging!Trees everywhere to chop!!Grass SPREADS ON ITS OWN?!?ANIMALS PEN THEMSELVES!!!!THIS GAME IS AMAZING!It capitalizes on things that were always too much of a chore in other farming simulators. Adding sprinklers to consistantly water your crops is simply a fantastic addition to this style of game.Rating: The Harvest Moon you'll never have outta 10."
,Recommended,413150,21618815,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,10/10 for megood game if you like farming games with 2d mode :p
,Recommended,413150,21933332,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Pandalion,I get a really nostalgic feeling while playing this game because I played HM when I was younger but I feel like this game has a certain charm to it that keeps me drawn to it. 10/10 would recommend.
76561198210126731,Recommended,413150,29780711,Posted: 8 February,all,Yuu,Leah is the best girl in game!
,Recommended,413150,23012823,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Lucifer,"Probably the best Harvest Moon style game out there!10/10P.S. I wish they would've kept the old beta portraits.So if you guys are looking for the old ones, I put a link down below.http://www.nexusmods.com/stardewvalley/mods/34/?Enjoy ^^"
,Recommended,413150,23079785,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,hereticalcubes,"i've owned the game for three daysits fall of year 2, i am happily married, i have the best sword, my chicken is named Frurterssend help"
76561198176133606,Recommended,413150,33280816,Posted: 5 July,all,nessie-jay,The game starts off with no tutorial dictating which button does what so you have to work it out yourself which is made easier if you do controller play. It automatically registered my PS4 controller on my Mac which was good. The game play is a bit simplistic which leads the days to being too short or too long. The only thing that really irked me is the sleep save system but I eventually got adjusted to it. Compared to other farming simulators it is quite simplistic gameplay wise but that makes it easier to enjoy with people not used to simulators of any kind. The best way to describe it is Harvest Moon x Minecraft. Perfect family fun for all ages.
76561198112604878,Recommended,413150,33155507,Posted: 2 July,all,GMan126,Great game with a ton of stuff to do! Nice game to relax!
,Recommended,413150,21485680,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,๏̯͡Jesse,"I've been waiting for a new spin on the Harvest Moon-type genre, and so far, the game is great!I can't wait to see what's to come!"
,Recommended,413150,21598629,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,𝓭𝓻𝓪𝓬𝓸𝓷𝓲𝓰𝓮𝓷,Eat things that taste like dog. 10/10.
76561197977811233,Recommended,413150,21484897,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,A'vee,"This is exactly the game I had hoped it to be. If you loved Rune Factory or Harvest Moon series (especially the earlier ones), you will feel right at home.It's all here - farming, mining, building, crafting, interaction with villagers and non-pushy story, spiced up with gorgeous graphics and good music. It's really hard to believe it all was made by only one person - hats off people.I waited for this game for years and I can already tell it was totally worth it.So there, my first review. Great job, ConcernedApe!"
,Recommended,413150,21485284,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SkyBlueGum,"I'm a big fan of Harvest Moon and I've played different games that tried making a 'better' game than HM. I was always disappointed, but Stardew Valley is really what I was looking for: a HM type game with nice new features.I also enjoyed Animal Crossing and I find some similarities.Pros:-A very nice improved HM game.*Gardening, fishing, buying/selling.*Can make friends and get married.*A very big map.-Nice features added:*Caves w/ monsters to kill.*Proper bar of tools.*Crafting system.*Item placing (decoration).*Can get married to a boy or a girl (being a boy or a girl).*A lot more animals.*Recipes for cooking/crafting.*Stamina bar (Now you can see when you're about to faint!).-The soundtrack is very nice.-Cool pixel art.-The price is perfect.-Great community.-Multiplayer is coming.Cons:-Everything is so expensive! ._. Actually, it takes time to get money, it's a very slow pace game (which I really like, but some people might not like that), you gotta enjoy that genre :)-And something that bothers me personally: 1. Can't save, I have to wait until going to bed. 2. Sometimes I just can't find the people I'm looking for, they should stay in one location or leave a letter where they're going to be... 3. The hallways need to be 2 people wide, I have to wait until the NPC moves. Same problem with the pet, it'd be better if you could walk over it. 4. The slingshot is terrible for keyboard/mouse.And some suggestions:*Let us see the name of the crops we've planted.*Let us save whenever (except for event days).*Add a ""building"" mode, so I won't 'break' the item I just wanted to touch.I really recommend this game, not because it was developed by just one person, but because it's really fun for people that enjoy this HM genre. Well-made and so much to do!I'm satisfied with this game. It's just what I needed.EDIT: Ok, after a while, you get used to the Fishing system, it's actually fun."
76561198061578863,Recommended,413150,21485084,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,hart_56,"One of my all time favorite series since I was a really young kid was Harvest Moon.Having grown up playing countless hours of Harvest Moon, Harvest Moon 64, Back to Nature, the various GBC titles, and even A Wonderful Life it has pained me as a fan of that series to not have a gimmick free, true to it's roots title in quite sometime.When I found out about Stardew Valley I was instantly fixated on it. I followed it as closely as I could and counted down the days to an actual release. Well, here it is and it is SO PERFECT.Only a few hours in I can tell that this game has everything I have grown to love about Harvest Moon and the unique spin it puts on the HM formula is just perfect.I'll keep it short: If you were like me and grew up loving Harvest Moon this game is hands down a must buy. I absolutely love it and am so happy to be able to play it! :D"
,Recommended,413150,21610761,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Overdrive,"I was almost late for work because this game sucks you into it. I've been craving a succesor to Harvest Moon that was worthy of the style. Natsume and Marvelous, bless their hearts, haven't given us much in terms of quality. Stardew Valley is the game we deserve."
,Recommended,413150,21482128,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,JustForKicks96,Wsup
,Recommended,413150,21484576,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Deuk,Worth the wait.
76561198038209093,Recommended,413150,21501318,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,CATman4L,"i have been waiting, for OVER A DECADE for this game, its the game that can finally knock harvest moon off its crown, its the game that brings a handheld genre to the pc, and it does it amazingly well, the inventory managment is much improved crafting and shere amount you can affect is way larger, this game is amazing if you havent already got it get it, dont have enough cash? go earn some just to get this game. its that good."
76561197999414576,Recommended,413150,22803150,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Custombark,"Awesome game, even got my wife who doesn't like video games to play and enjoy it."
,Recommended,413150,26021949,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,(ROK)Janus Krug,"This is one of the most enchanting games I have ever played. I look forward to each in game day, with new goals to replace the old and new challenges around every corner. Charming and fun, you'll definitely lose days to this wonderful title."
,Recommended,413150,22360068,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Bud Fudlacker,"""It's made by one guy and it doesn't suck balls, therefore it's GOTY, guys!"" - Every review of this gameWelcome to Stardew Valley, the village where everybody lives off the back of one farmer.GraphicsGraphics in this game are simply amazing. There are some minor glitches when animations overlap, but nothing serious.SoundThe music in this game is also very well done. Lots of variation, catchy themes, ... There are some awkward silences and weird song intros that should've been avoided though. Sound effects are both recordings and synth sounds. While the synth sounds work well in some situations, they really sound out of place in others.Technical+ Game runs at a steady 60 fps and is very stable+/- Inventory and other screens are hit & miss for me.- Freeze when opening the ""load game"" screen- Controls are sometimes annoying and inconsistent. LMB to harvest? Don't hold a tool, or you might chop your plant! RMB to harvest? Don't hold a piece of food or you get the ""do you want to eat this?"" message. The game sometimes ignores hotkey input, which is annoying during combat.- Conversation interface is poorly designed: when talking to someone, they say something, and then you have to click them again and again to hear the next thing, rather than having everything in one go.- No AZERTY support. There is rebinding support, but for the minigames everything is hardcoded.Gameplay+ Everything breathes ""relaxed"" in this game. It's supposed to be casual, fun and feelgood.+ Lots of conversations and cutscenes with everybody.+ There's always something to do: farming, fishing, fighting, mining, festivals, talking with people, quests, ...+ The world is both compact and interesting at the same time. Combined with the weather and seasons, this makes for a really interesting world.- The GRIND. The HORRIBLE GRIND. Watering your crops. Tilling the soil. Chopping trees. Cleaning up inter-season mess. Grinding your way down the mine to get decent ore to upgrade your tools. GRIND. GRIND. GRIND.-Some of the things like decent sprinklers unlock way too late in the game and have idiotic resource requirements- The running speed is so SLOW. You'll spend half of the game looking at a running character.- The relation system is pretty bland: give people stuff two times a week to upgrade your relation!- Some quests are fun, but a lot of them are just Fed-Ex quests, Bethesda Style.- Then the biggest flaw of this game: it's so ARTIFICIAL. Everything is happy. Nothing interesting ever happens, it's all so wooden, static. Interactions with NPC's are designed for 8 year olds. Nobody ever gets sick or hurt or missing.-The ""crop quality"" system is annoying, especially when combined with different flower colours and the limited chest space.-Achievements are poorly chosen and limited and look like they were added in a hurry. Most of them are ""collect stuff"" or ""have friends"". Why no achievements for certain questlines?Random stuff that will ruin your fun when you discover it:-Every building requires you to bring the materials to the carpenter. Every tool upgrade requires you to bring the ore. WHY?!-You can't buy hardwood, but you need 150 pieces for your home upgrade-The main character couldn't possibly buy a backpack before going to the countryside? It would sure save him a lot of grinding for money!-You need to chop 3 trees to make 1 chest-You need to upgrade your tools to chop away those big boulders/tree trunks that are in the way of your farm expansion-Gold is stronger than steel-You store hay in a silo-Hay is made from weeds that aren't dried. So there's a detailled crop cycle for everything, but some actual research into ""hay"" was too hard?-You can't kill the rabbit for its lucky paw, or the duck for its feathers, or any other animal (which is a huge part of actual agriculture)-A pig costs 11 times more than a cow. A rabbit is more expensive than a cow. A goat is more expensive than a cow.-There is potato SEED.-Corn yields more than one harvest per plant.-(This list of crop errors goes on and on. I know, it's just a game, but seriously, read wikipedia or something before adding it).- In a world with computers, you go out killing slimes with a sword and chopping wood with an axe.ConclusionBy all means, this is a good game. Hell, I spent 60 hours in it before making this review. But as with most games, there are minor and major flaws, making it less fun to play. The dev is still updating the game, so I will most definitely keep an eye out for his additions and his other work!"
,Recommended,413150,22364126,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,smetch,Usually I hate retro graphicsUsually I hate the Zelda/RPG maker viewUsually I prefer games with at least 70% violenceUsually I'd be taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my friends for playing a game like this10/10 Would question myself again
,Recommended,413150,33341159,Posted: 7 July,all,Furious,It's like if Harvest Moon was good and had mining.
,Recommended,413150,24619897,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,AtypicalChuck,"One of the best games I have ever played, full of detail and heart.  It makes up for where 10 other farming sims I have played completely dropped the ball.  Rarely does a game nail ""it"" so well."
,Recommended,413150,25496791,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,AtticusLepidus,The perfect de-stressing game.
,Recommended,413150,22100101,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mehdi,"Decided I would try this game out for an hour or so.... 10 hours later... one more day.This is harvest moon's spiritial successor, with more content than I'll probably ever be able to touch."
,Recommended,413150,21652884,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Snazzle,"Stardew Valley has completely bowled me over with its charm, and I'm a long time veteran of Harvest Moon/Rune Factory, and what this game brings to the table is something unique and special. Aside from being a rock solidly designed farm sim with bright vibrant pixel art graphics and endearing music, there's a lot of heart underneath every conversation and a lot of love oozing from every design choice.In addition to all of that, the depth of the game and complexity of its sytems is stunning and nearly overwhelming. You can stay as shallow or go as deep (literally) as you want. The goals are there, the rewards for being vigilant and fast are there too, but you can also just relax, slow down, and drink deeply from a game catering to people who want a different type of experience from your typical popular title.The stories that you suss out of the town's residents are the stories of all of us, the highschool jock trying to get go pro and leave behind his tiny town, the full cadre of desperate citizens worried about their lot, their children, their place in the world, the weary local government who remembers a time when community meant something, the mega corporation trying to undermine it all. There's a bright treasure underneath all that dirt, grab your hoe and start digging!"
76561198159383971,Recommended,413150,33144721,Posted: 2 July,all,Red Eyed Tyga,"Animal Crossing, but good."
,Recommended,413150,21704600,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,i want to be hit by a train,"I pirated this game, felt bad, then bought it. I will continue to make potato juice for a living.Seriously though, please support the developer. This is an amazing game and honestly, he deserves it."
,Recommended,413150,21714587,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jancarius,"I didn't think I'd stay up all night pretending to be a farmer, but I did."
76561198034568184,Recommended,413150,21728449,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/DaHedgehog27,"If your going to buy a game on steam, buy this one.Stardew Valley is basically Harvest Moon back to nature on the playstation with pc improvments.I cannot believe it has taken all these years for someone to come along and basically copy this formula, there is a reason this is a top seller on steam and will stay that way for awhile.. People are buying multiple copies just to support the SINGLE developer..One of the best games I have in my steam library.. 9.5/10 easy."
,Recommended,413150,21832970,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,IceQueen,"Wake up at 6am and I'm exhausted by 11am...Buy people gifts, and help them after two weeks and still no friends...Basically Real Life Sim.10/10 would feel rejected and tired again"
,Recommended,413150,22840331,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Waffle,This game is awesome. Worth every penny!10/10
76561198018460505,Recommended,413150,22295378,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"An absolutely addictive farm simulator, but not just a farm simulator, a rural life simulator. This should just be called ""Heroin: The Game"".  I hate the cutesy artwork, but I can't stop playing... not even for a few minutes. 11/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvxBH_bc1GI"
76561198218553953,Recommended,413150,33181420,Posted: 3 July,all,Konsuke,ADD MULTIPLAYER AND FISH FOR MORE EPIC GAME PLAY EXPERIENCE ;V
,Recommended,413150,21952985,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,TastySalad13,This game is like heroin but you only need to pay once to enjoy shot of it everyday
,Recommended,413150,22052591,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Tripshot,"I read the author is self-taught and took 4 years to release because his skills kept improving and he in turn kept revising and improving the game. By himself. That tells me this will not be another piece of Abandonware. This man has put his soul into this, and it shows! 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22009665,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ICS,One of the best games i've played in a long time. Very much taking all of your time if you let it. 5/5 and can recommend.
,Recommended,413150,21573885,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Deja Q,GOTY 2016 Candidate right here.
,Recommended,413150,21480601,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,PrimoSlate,"Not sure how I managed to pull myself away, but I felt obligated to shine as much light on this game as possible.I've been closely following the Stardew Valley development blog for a while and as a huge fan of Harvest Moon-like games, I can already say this feels like it will surpass every other game in this wonderful little sub-genre, including the original.It pays homage to the original SNES Harvest Moon game while inviting many new mechanics and gameplay improvements. I could go on and on, but I really want to get back into it."
,Recommended,413150,21482821,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mel,"Harvest Moon brought into the modern era without the memory limitations of the 16-bit cartridges. But while it does things no Super Nintendo could ever do, it still manages to faithfully retain its completely retro vibe. I'll just say this: It's as good as everyone says it is. If it looks fun to you, I almost guarantee it will be worth the purchase.Serious kudos to the 1-man dev ""team"", you really nailed it.https://youtu.be/NANwTTSzMQo"
,Recommended,413150,21786917,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons Steam Ver. with combat.
,Recommended,413150,21849963,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ebony-kitty,R.I.P.-Real Life⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
,Recommended,413150,33973925,Posted: 2 August,all,Kyle,its good
,Recommended,413150,21879834,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,nat,cat
,Recommended,413150,22456240,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Gontensii🐾,Please add Chinese.
76561198168650121,Recommended,413150,33179310,Posted: 3 July,all,Emmy,Love this game I'm addicted
,Recommended,413150,21960644,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,8),Farmed the hell out of the game till i became the King of the Farming.10/10 would farm again
,Recommended,413150,21482122,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mabec,"Harvest Moon for 2016, now on PC.9/10 - Addicting"
76561198079017859,Recommended,413150,21482046,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Aira,"Does the game live up to the hype? Absolutely. If you like any kind of Harvest Moon or Rune Factory games, you'll surely love this one. It has all the things you loved about those games and also some other things. And I know fishing is tough at first, but keep at it - I promise it gets easier!However, there is one major problem: anyone with a life outside the game is punished for that. There is no save and quit feature. You must either finish the day or lose all your progress. Days last about 20 minutes, so that is potentially a lot of frustration. If you aren't bothered by that, go ahead and buy it; you won't regret it. But if you have kids or other responsibilities that might pull you away suddenly, be aware that this is an issue."
,Not Recommended,413150,21525306,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,McWhite,"EDIT: Since 1.1. hit I will be replaying the game soonish, so take everything here with a grain of salt as it might have improved since 1.0.This review focuses on showing you the flaws of the game. It is a ""not recommended"" review, because it contains all the information that might make Stardew Valley a title that you might not want to purchase. I'll try to give you helpful information so you can make an informed decision as to why you may or may not want this game in its current state and I will point out possible fixes to mentioned flaws along the way. If you want to know what this game is doing right (and its doing a lot of things right), please read one of the many recommended reviews. Thanks.As the gameplay appears to be really solid and polished, my complaints focus around the barebone nature of how the game teaches you how its mechanics and world work, which may cause you as a new player confusion and/or frustration.I will also change this review if some or all of my issues get fixed with future updates.Bugs, crashes and suggestionsList of current known issues.Thread that reflects what people would like to see changed in/added to the game.The UI is lacking quite a bitNote: UI Complaints focus on K&M usage.~Inventory~The Inventory handling is inconsistent across the many different menus. Sometimes left-clicking on an item will bring it to your hand, sometimes it will move it to your box and sometimes it will sell the entire stack, even though you just wanted to move the item.It is far too easy to missclick with your mouse.The options menu is only available in-game and due to its scrolling nature and the little space it has to show its content, it looks and feels really messy.Having to click on doors to walk into them is unnecassary. Let me walk into the house without the need to click on the door.The distance to be able to look or talk at something should be greater. I want to talk with the guy behind the counter.Learning who is where and when and why ;_;I really like that NPCs have their own day and night cycle and interact with each other. But this creates problems, which I think are not handled well in the game.Right of the bat the game tells you with a quest ""Go meet ALL of the people, there are 28 of them.""But Learning the cycle of 28 people (some more complicated than others) is not something you will be able to do in your first couple of days. Now to see where everyone lives you just have to look on the map... Except that it only shows you for some of the houses. This problem amplifies when you want to meet a shop keeper, track someone down to give him the item for a quest or simply gift your sweetheart something.I really see no problem with needing to learn all of the cycles, its kind of charming and feels like something you would need to do upon moving into a village, but the really should aknowledge this. People who have trouble understanding or accepting how NPCs work in this game, could be helped by framing their mindset. Just let a NPC tell them in the beginning, that they are not in the city here and everyone is having their own lifes or something along those lines.Sidenote: Not being able to gift people on festivals is sad, as it would be the perfect place to finally have every one of them together in one place.The game, sometimes, does a terrible job at explaining its mechanicsI'd like to think that good games have good tutorials, but great gamesaretutorials.Games completely without tutorials or only barebone explanations rely heavily on conventions and the trust that the audience knows them. I think Stardew Valley trusts its audience too much and relies too much on conventions of the genre.While I am heavily against dumbing down people by telling them the obvious for minutes on end, avoiding to teach you anything isn't the right thing to do either.This problem seems to amplify as more mechanics are introduced later in the game.It should alway be the players fault, not the gamesUsually you should teach the player everything to avoid frustration upfront and all the extra information, like reading books, talking to people, should grant you some neat little extra advantage.As one example: Never pro-activly telling the player that all your crops will be erased from existence once the first day of a new season rolls in, can beveryfrustrating. You do not gain anything by hiding this information in an optional book/optional TV-Entry. This could be easily fixed: Let the shop-keeper tell you the first time shopping, or, optionally, if the player never got to go to the shop-keeper, let him come to your house at some point in mid-spring telling you all you need to know.The game feels a bit empty(in the beginning)There doesn't seem to be a lot to do in the first few days, because you have to find everything on your own, and nobody is telling you anything. This sense of being lost can be very charming when done on purpose, but right now, it doesn't seem to be intentional.In Harvest Moon titles, usually the first thing to do was to meet all the new people in town. You usually easily spend half of the day just talking to people and they would tell you all about the town and themselves, while giving you tipps. This sucks you into the game world and serves as a good spike in the overall ""action"" curve.In Stardew valley, people don't tend to tell you much upon the first encounter, which is a shame and a bit of wasted opportunity in my opinion. A bit more text in the beginning, especially for shop-people to instruct you a bit more, would be very appreciated and could increase immersion drastically.Sometimes the dialogue does not make any sense and it repeats a lotThese are the little things that make you go from ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I played 5 hours?"" to ""Well, I played 2 hours now, lets stop."".Someone telling you ""I will teach the kids today."" when they are going home at night to sleep, is weird.Also: After playing a while I get the same dialogue from someone every 3 or 4 days, which somewhat reduces my motivation to speak with them again.Quests/TutorialThe game tries to teach you some of the important things, like how many people there are in town to interact with and how to gift them, through quests. I think some of the learn-quests are not very thought through, especially considering the nature of how hard it may be for you to find all the people. I think some of these quests could be easily removed and replaced by some non-optional in-game dialogue, to reduce potential player confusion and increase immersion.The fishing mini-game is not easyThis is more of a warning than a suggestion, no need to change anything about this, BUT some people seem to be really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by this mini-game, even to the point to give the game a negative review. So be warned if you are used to ""click once to get the fish"". You'll need to work to get your fish.The Festivals remove an unreasonable large chunk of time from your dayMost Festivals take at most 5 minutes to complete, including the time needed to speak to everyone. Once the Festival is over (most of them start in the morning), it is 10pm. I want to know what happened in between, right now it just feels like the game is skipping a lot of time for no reason. Either add more content to the festivals or let them start later/end sooner.The EndgameGood review about the endgame(or lack thereof)"
,Recommended,413150,21654168,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,△Ode2Order,"10/10Harvest Moon but better! You can farm (obviously), gather, fish, mine, fight monsters, build, craft(!), cook, make friends, marry (even to the same sex!), participate in festivals, chop wood, THERE ARE EVEN QUESTS!!!You can pick whether you prefer a dog or a cat!You can pick where you want to place buildings on your farm!You can play oldschool arcade minigames!I heard rumours about a possible co-op version coming out, so you can play with 3 friends?!If this doesn't convince you yet, these 11 hours I have put into it as of the time of writing this review? I bought the game yesterday as my birthday gift to myself, and I do not regret anything.HARVEST MOON BUT BETTER AND ON PC? GO GET THIS BOIZ, GURLZ & NONBINARIES!"
76561198054634519,Recommended,413150,21600287,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Pwinl3,"10/10. ""GOOD BYE REAL LIFE"""
,Recommended,413150,22230099,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,opi,Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing's baby.
76561198017561364,Recommended,413150,21676025,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,"harvest moon with dungeon.marriage is a bit disappointing, but other than that, pretty good"
76561198098100234,Recommended,413150,23816511,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,chris ajayi,Dam good game
76561198065935460,Recommended,413150,21599988,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[NP] Kona Kommando,"Well, I'm more into shooters and RPG:s than (Mostly) peaceful farming games...Yet here I am, farming, fishing, making friends and bashing a few slimes occasionally. The best thing is that I love it and I'm rather surprised given the usual stuff I like to play.If you're into this type of games you should definately try it. You won't find the same experience as Harvest Moon or Rune Factory though.If you're NOT into this type of games, you should still try it if it interests you even a little bit.I did, and I'm loving it."
,Recommended,413150,21600216,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,JohnnyLunchbox,"Very lovely game, love the artwork and peaceful environment.Once you get into the game you recognize that there is a lot more to the game than just farming.If you liked games like harvest moon, starbound, terraria you should check it out"
76561197998031948,Recommended,413150,27588325,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tr1ckyf1sh,"I don't care what type of games you like to play, you WILL get your money's worth out of it. 40 hours in and I'm the king of jams and jellies, THE KING! What are you waiting for? Go, buy this, right now."
,Recommended,413150,21615989,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,TactiCat,"I forgot to sleep and eat in real life because I was too busy living the day-to-day in Stardew Valley instead.It was midnight. I'll just play for an hour or two and then go to bed, I said. 6.6 non-stop hours later...Well I was lying to myself then, but I'm not lying to you now... this is a pretty great game with more than meets the eye.I looked at it and saw ""Oh, cute little sprite farming RPG and it's pretty damn affordable with really positive reviews.""Farm to make some money to start. And then there's fishing. And collecting things. And quests/chores to do your your fellow villagers. Trees and rocks to clean up on your property. Mines to explore. Foraging. Leveling. Upgrades. Anda story.The feeling of progression is pretty steady, and once you think the game has laid it all bare it throws another thing at your face. You only have so much energy and time throughout the day. What do you focus on? What do you do? It's hard to choose. I'd like to fish more (the little mini-game is fun) but farming is clearly a more sustainable option for income. But if you're not selling it, the more food you have available to eat to keep your energy up, the more you might be able to do that day. Chopping wood and mining takes a lot out of you... and you need a lot of that stuff.You can forage wild grown stuff if you need to and check the garbage cans (don't let the neighbors see, though), or eat the fish you catch, but farming is still the best way to get eats by setting and forgetting (save for watering in the morning). Later, there is also cooking which I expect would have a lot more benefit than eating all this stuff raw.Upgrades and stuff are expensive, too. (The first House Upgrade with the Kitchen is 10Kg and 450 wood)It's easy to make mistakes early on. You have to spend money to make more money, but you also need/want to buy upgrades, such as the first backpack for 2k or the next teir of fishing pole for 1.8k... and lots of other things.This definitely isn't a game you finish in 5 hours. I expect to sink hundreds.If you're not smart about how/what/when you farm you could lose money, also. Seasons matter for crops. (They are 28 days long, so... there's 4 months in a year I guess. :D) So planning ahead is good. Time pauses when you are reading/in menus, so there's plenty of time to think if you need it. I guess you -could- just focus on a particular niche if you wanted to, but farming is still pretty core. The game also only saves when you go to bed, so if you screw up a day somehow and want a do-over, just close the game out and come back.Anyway, rambled way too long. Maybe a more proper review when I get further into it.I've barely scratched the surface but I'm definitely going back in for more. It's really very enjoyable and charming. Highly recommend."
76561198115273010,Recommended,413150,27607026,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shaushka,"Literally the only farming style game I've ever played, and I love it! 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21542411,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,。j 。,"This game is definitely going to be a huge hit with classic Harvest Moon fans (pre-3ds era). There's a good amount of farming mechanics in this game to keep you busy and it doesn't stray from what the game was meant to be: a farming fantasy. Don't worry, though! Stardew has other things to keep you occupied with it other than abusing your watering can. The game offers you a bit of: mystery and adventure with pushing the main story, simpilistic and nostalgic rpg elements to the mining, some romance if you're into that, an actual fishing system where you don't just cast your line and wait, and cute cows.I personally love that the game rewards you for fishing, mining, foraging, and/or farming! The leveling system makes you feel like the focus you chose wasn't the lesser choice. There are many pros to choosing to focus on one field over the other. There's time to master them all, but being put to choose a ""profession"" is what got to me the most as a player. I had to think about what was most beneficial for me as a farmer and player in the long run. I usually storm through HM/SoS games with the same thought: farm crops, get animals, get optimal crops, what is fishing even, and date the girl. With Stardew's profession system/choice, I had to actually consider my time in the game and what I liked doing. It was no longer just a set formula for my play style and that in itself is the most rewarding thing this game has done for me.Also, also! I wanted to say the music, character sprites, backgrounds/settings, etc. (everything really) was pretty damned polished. There were some random bugs with characters trapping me at Pierre's bulletin board, but that didn't bother me. ConcernedApe was on the job with all the bug reports and I have mad respect for him for being so attentive. With a developer this involved and working around the clock, it makes it hard not to fall in love with the game a little more.There's something so magical about this game and I found it extremely difficult to feel anything other than captivated by the amount of care, love, and work that was put into Stardew Valley. Stardew Valley and ConcernedApe, you have charmed me into addiction. Thank you for not being a letdown to a long-time Harvest Moon/Animal Crossing fan.TL;DR - if you're into farming, fishing, praying the spirits won't hate you the next day, dating the people, hitting bats to death, cute cows, emotions, pretty things, fun gaming, having a chill time, and feeling immersed into a game's atmostphere almost completely -- this is the game for you."
,Recommended,413150,21549985,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Tomany,"Great indie game, lots of things to do.If you like harvest moon, you will love this!"
,Recommended,413150,21516122,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,bigturd,i love rock and roll so put another dime in the jukebox baby WOOO
76561198023926604,Recommended,413150,23803241,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MakeYing,"I don't review a lot of games, but as a guy who loves the Harvest Moon series, Stardew Valley is pretty wonderful.All of the systems are well-done and quite extensive, and you have a lot of freedom to try out different things and activities for the sake of money, be it fermenting or cooking or straight-out selling crops, getting into ranching for slimes, chickens, cows, sheep, goats, etc.I seriously appreciate that the developer chose to include same-sex relationship options after growing up with strictly-heterosexual options in Harvest Moon. He just kind of makes all date-able characters bisexual and that was nothing really changes in their story.The mining system is awesome as well.The only thing that took me quite a while to warm up to was the fishing system. I went to one festival event where you can get medals through a fishing minigame and sat there grinding-out endlessly to get the most expensive (in medals) prize, and by the time I was done there I was able to get used to the fishing system. It's good, you just have to put effort into it.I heard the dev wants to expand the game to consoles as well, which is cool, I can only hope this does not distract him from making more content. The 77 hours I have in this game as of now were over like a one or  two week period, and there are way more hours than that where I was offline as well, lol."
,Recommended,413150,21614906,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Daunte,"An even better version of harvest moon. Bright, fun and relaxing gameplay, and it's so easy to just get sucked in. Truly an amazing game. There's so much to do in this game it's pretty much impossible to get bored. Definitely worth more than the  $15 price tag."
76561198068648180,Recommended,413150,22999467,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Master of Suicide™,"The most charming farming game I´ve ever seen.This jewel is a must have for anyone who could have any interest at a farming game,in the Harvest moon/ runefactory kind of way.There are tonns of items to collect and the developer is still working on a new update to add even more.You can for example: fish, cook, farm, collect stones, find love, help rebuild the town, travel to a dessert, explore a mine....There is no realy ""goal"" after wich the game would be over, so you can farm till the end of time if you want to.I dont know any game with so much love toward details as this one."
,Recommended,413150,21743129,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cantaloupi,I'm a grown♥♥♥♥♥man
,Recommended,413150,22624466,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cid Moreira,"I hardly write any reviews about games I play. But this time, I'll have to make an exception.I played Harvest Moon many years ago, as a child. And, must I say, it was remarkable in my childhood. I never found a similar game that made me feel that same way again........Until I heard about Stardew Vallew. First, pirated it to see if it was as good as was told on reviews. In the first 30 minutes, i could see it wasn't good. It was much better than whatever I had seen in videos, read in user reviews or thought myself about the game. After that, I immediatly bought not only the base game, but also the soundtrack (which is absolutelly phenomenal).If you are reading this, seriously, just buy this game, do not even think about not buying it. It will be some well invested bucks. You will not regret it, I guarantee you.And thanks, ConcernedApe, for making me remember some of my happy childhood moments."
,Recommended,413150,26861265,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tera,This game lets you be a rich farmer from the comfort of your chair.10/10
,Recommended,413150,21829137,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SAVAGE AF #ToniNeedLove,"One Tip if you play this awesome game!1. Just Quit after you sleep!Don't look arround or do something in the next day, or you want to play another day, AND another day, AND ANOTHER DAY!!...And you forget to eat, or do your real life work :D"
,Recommended,413150,21744661,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Reecety,"Pretty hardcore tower defence, I find the balance between growing my plants and upgrading them in the day then fighting zombies that threaten my farm at night is a very original theme.EA, despite your shortcomings, this game has really shown you still have it in your hearts. I give Plants vs Zombies a 4 brains out of 5!"
,Recommended,413150,21645460,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,skrrr,"Supposed to give a flower to a girl, ate it infront of her. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,27878886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Quin,yes god give me that good crop
,Recommended,413150,24259505,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Atamo,"Stardew Valley is a modern masterpiece, it heavily is influenced by older farming games, such as the original few harvest moons.However, Stardew takes it to places no other games in it's genre have done to my knowledge.Starting with it's beautiful OST, which doesn't always even play, which really gives a intensive lonlyness and imersion to the game. The graphics are cooky little cute 16bit sprites, but even with that this game is outstandingly beautiful, from the trees to the ground, everything is pleasing to look at, and always changing (for instance occasionally there might be little worms pokin out of the ground which is cute).Most importantly the gameplay itself, Stardew Valley plays like a dream, it fills every little farming fantasy you could have with smooth controls and a easy to control character, there isn't any crazy advanced controls (Looking at you league of legends, or other ludicrous games), and the only slight flaw is knowing where you're hitting on tiles, which there is even an option to turn that on!9.9/10 Highly recommended for you, your friend, your family, your pet, anyone to play."
,Recommended,413150,21576294,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Praising Yog-Sothoth,"Smells like a AAA title, is priced like a generic indie throwaway, lovingly crafted by a single man.Stardew Valley is the life and farming simulation/RPG  that single-handedly beats the entire Harvest Moon and Rune Factory series at its own game, without ever breaking a sweat."
76561198285314353,Recommended,413150,22875818,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CosmicQueen,"Bought this game for my boyfriend, before he even finished the first cutscene I had bought it for myself. I'm now in year 4 of gameplay, and have yet to finish everything. If you liked games like Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, or Terraria then this is a game for you. HUNDREDS of hours of fun, well worth the $30 I spent; would definitely be worth you spending $15. ConcernedApe did a fantastic job, looking forward to co-op multiplayer!"
,Recommended,413150,22420391,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,dragonslayer,i realy love this game
,Recommended,413150,22034490,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,✽Nirupya✽,I had nothing to say go ahead! buy it and play it I highly recommened this! but WARNING very addictive I can't stop playing this somebody HELP!ซื้อเลยยังไงก็คุ้ม แล้วคุณจะได้รับไอเทมไทม์แมชชีนไป 1 eaตัวเกมดีมากๆ มีไรให้ทำเยอะสุดๆ คำนวนเวลาแทบไม่ได้ เหอๆThis game offers-Great gameplay There're bunch of things you can do in Stardew Valley-Retro Graphics I love it!-Great Soundtrack-Interesting Characters-Time Travelling Simulator (lol)-and other cool stuffGreatest game I've ever played 11/10 -IGN
,Recommended,413150,22074059,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sea-shroom,i love this game already
,Recommended,413150,21589321,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Naliao,"Harvest Moony game, p dank"
,Recommended,413150,21694536,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,=(eGG)= bubbuh,"This game is pretty fun, I'm glad I bought it :D"
76561198026274724,Recommended,413150,22063821,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Syante,"Nostalgia at its finest. This game really takes me back. If you ever played the Harvest Moon games then this game will really take you back. This game is everything i ever wanted Harvest Moon to be. Time just gets away from me when I play. I never even know what time it is! If you enjoy 16 bit games, farming, adventure, story, with some Harvest Moon elements, this is totally worth your time."
76561198199017529,Recommended,413150,21820224,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,sunshine_lemonade,"what can I add to the plethora of positive reviews?! well, here's an idea how much i love this game: my friends and i started a community spreadsheet to track our progress and flex our organization muscles! it has that just-one-more magnetic pull. i can't stop squealing at the cut scenes and all the cute animations and surprises. if you're on the fence, although i'm not sure what's stopping you, support the one man dev eric and prepare yourself for the most fantastic hardcore casual game you've ever enjoyed."
,Recommended,413150,21807906,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,yonder,"Superb game.  A lot of people are comparing it to Harvest Moon.  I never played HM, so I don't know if the comparison is appropriate (tho it certainly seems to be).Based on my experience, this is like Animal Crossing combined with ""if Farmville was an actual game.""  There are 28 villagers and you eventually get to know them all individually.  The characters have actual personality, and the graphics aid in setting them apart.Simply put, if you watch the trailers and the game looks interesting to you, then you'll love it!"
,Recommended,413150,21657184,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,clout,where did my life go
76561198258318964,Recommended,413150,21676680,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ha! Fett Darkness!,This game is to addicting ive played 10 hours a day for 3 days straight. theres always more thing to buy and more crops to farm and more animals to get and new gear and places...etc. this game is also very long ive played for 40 hours and i have almost made it through my first in game year so decide for yourself if thats a good thing. Play it boiiii!
,Recommended,413150,21542915,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Pkcraze,"Currently approaching Winter Year 1 at 30 hours and I've gotta say, this is the best harvest moon experience I've ever had. Add in a 100+ floor randomly generated dungeon, mining and smithing, fishing, quests, crafting, and you've got a unique game with the best elements from multiple other series. I actually find myself losing track of time as I play and before I know it, it's 3am. There are a ton of secrets to discover and so much content I can see myself putting in over 100 hours. But why isn't Shane a romance option??9.8/10 (Shane is that .2 >:( )"
,Recommended,413150,21931257,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Poolco,Stardew Valley has quickly become my favorite game on Steam. It's everything I ever wanted in my old Harvest Moon games and I can't put it down.10/10
76561198098266285,Recommended,413150,21583589,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SipTech,"I useually dont play these games, but ive been stressed out recently in life. My girlfriend talked to me about this game and on how relaxing and loveing these games are.I have to just say this, i play MMO's for PvP, FPS's, and hack and slash kinda games, but this relaxing, amazingly well put together game is by far, one of the GREATEST games i have played. It is on par with Terraria for me. So glad i found it, and you will be even happier if you buy this game and try it out yourself, 100% worth all the money i spent for both my copy and my girlfriend's."
,Recommended,413150,21536322,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RL,I was born to be a rice farmer. This game is as close as I will ever get to that reality.
,Recommended,413150,22847238,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Trash_bby,"This game is super adorable. My favorite part is trying to make friends with the town's people. They all have different personalities and they will judge you if they see you rumaging through the trash. I had a hard time making enough to buy all the things I wanted, I'm not sure if that's because making money is year 1 is harder than later in the game or not, but it seems strange that I couldn't ever make enough to afford the house upgrades and such.I highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes animal crossing, or harvest moon. The game is one of those games you'll want to invest lots of time into."
,Recommended,413150,21616240,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Capcher ;3,Amazing farming game!
76561198137358360,Recommended,413150,22833618,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,triplenerdscore70,"I'm told if you liked Harvest Moon, you'll like this. I missed the Harvest Moon craze when it happened back in the day, but luckily for me now there's this game to act as a tremendous timesink.The day cycles feel a bit short to do everything you want to do if you're trying for a complete experience, so time budgeting may be necessary, but you can play however you like. In my case I wanted to try everything -- the farming, the mining, the gathering, the socializing -- so there were literally not enough hours in the day. But that's where most of the challenge comes in: can you do everything you want to do without either passing out from exhaustion or running out of daytime? This gets easier as you complete certain activities within the game.Otherwise I love it. The retro feel, the well-rounded characters, the rewarding farm work, it's all engaging and immersive and fun. There's even a way to change your character's appearance if you're unhappy with staring at the same sprite after your first year or two (hint: Make friends with the wizard!)Basically, Stardew Valley is exactly what it looks like, and you can probably tell already if you'll like this game or not."
,Recommended,413150,21799387,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ninja,"Awesome game. If you like games like harvest moon you will for sure love this one. Props to the developer for making this game all by himself, including the music!! <3 <3"
,Recommended,413150,22739370,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SkeletalWixard,"The amount of thought that has gone into this game is astounding, and after a few hours I was completely immersed in the story. Stardew Valley is a small community where everyone knows everyone, and you are the new neighbour taking over your grandfather's farm. Slowly you are introduced to the residents of Stardew and are shown how to farm, fish and forage, which in turn makes you money.There is a lot to explore in this game, but it doesn't feel overwhelming or overly complicated and the change in seasons means you don't get bored of the items avalaible to you. The graphics are simple, which allows you to focus on the incredibly rich story line - something that I feel is absent in many games I have played recently.However, the best thing about Stardew Valley is the villagers. Each character has a completely unique character, and the more you interact with them, the more you can see the thought that has gone into each one. The effort you put into making friends with these characters is rewarded with cute cutscenes, as well as other things!Stardew Valley is a wonderful little game, and the work that the has been put into it really brings this game into it's own. I recommend this to anyone looking to rediscover a love for storytelling in gaming."
76561198079888940,Recommended,413150,22469995,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Highmax,"So let me put this one the table right now. I NEVER played a Harvest Moon or Farming game. I'm not into casual or light games like this, so when I say that I enjoyed every single moment of this game so far, I mean it.Because I never played a game like this before, I can't compare it to anything. I really enjoy this game and I highly reccomend it. Here's the positives:- Many hours of gameplay and replayability right off the bat. I'm playing without really forcing too much and doing a lot of trial and error and I'm almost into winter of my first year. Already, there is so much to do any day that some days, I literally contemplate what to do and I lose all the time to do things because I was doing small mundane stuff.- There is an incentive for doing EVERYTHING. I won't say much, but there are several things giving you reasons to try and do everything. Of course, its impossible to do it all right away, but it makes you look forward to do it when you get the chance next. Which brings up my next point:- There is no rush to do anything. In a casual game like this, I can see this really isn't that big of a feature, but to me, it was nice. I didn't feel like I was in a rush to do things. I missed the opportunity to do things, but I always knew I could do it later. I remember an early event that happens that, I'm fairly certain, you cannot really participate in, but it makes you go ""I want to be able to participate in that next year!"", which really gave me incentive to work towards it- The game does not punish you for screwing up. I know there is a thing in SOME Harvest Moon games (According to videos I saw online) that you can die if you just get lazy or screw up badly. You don't have to worry about that, and you always have means to fix yourself when things turn south because you either forgot to prepare for the next season, you accidentally cut down a fruit tree (don't make the same mistake like I did) and even giving a horrible gift to someone.- There is more to do than just farming. So much so. Hell, I usually finish doing whatever on my farm before the clock hits 8am (you start at 6am) and I have to think: what do I want to do? There's a mine for you to go digging for stuff, but it acts like a dungeon crawler, so it makes it a challenge for people like me who might not be into the whole ""I wanna do nothing but farming"" thing. Fishing is always a viable option. So much so, that if I fished everyday after the first day of the month and planted over 120 things (assuming it regrows itself) I would still make more fishing. And I do it. Of course, there is a social aspect too, but I'll spare the details on that since its pretty self explanitory.- Everything comes at you at a rather quick, but fair pace. I know some youtubers I saw reviewing this game says that everything is available right away, and thats not fully true. The game has you start to get used to handling some parts before it feeds you another part of the game. The game does open everything up to you by the end of the first month, however. So its still quick enough for the game not to drag on, but its paced enough so you can settle in and get used to it if, like me, you're new to these kinds of games.- When checking out the Dev and the Wiki for some extra tidbits, I discovered that they are adding much more to the game, which is fantastic, meaning this game is going to be chugging out more content as time goes on.There are a few things I can complain about in this game though.- The game has some bugs that are mostly annoying, but I DID encounter a game breaking bug rather early. I went into a fishing minigame at a certain festival, and my character started to float around. Somehow, when I clicked too many times, I ended up getting my fishing rod stuck in my head and I couldn't back out at all. I actually had to close the game and reopen it. Again, the others are just annoying or inconvenient, such as if you move a ceratin way (ie, daigonally) toward someone and then try to talk to them, the dialogue box doesn't appear and the game registers as you talking to them. Hopefully, these bugs will get fixed over time, as it was released not too long ago.- The game doesn't teach you how to play. When I tried a Harvest Moon game (the DS one) I had no idea what I was doing and after figuring out some stuff from the tutorial, I ended up getting a kind of idea what to do, but I dropped the game right away (I had like 10 other games to play other than that at the time). Stardew Valley has NO tutorials or help on anything. The game is about figuring it out for yourself, so I can see that some people will struggle playing for the first time.- A lot of the game is figuring things out through trial and error. This can be a positive as well, but I'm sticking it here because this can be daunting for most people. I personally enjoy it, but it really feels like a crapshoot whenever I do things. You can also nullify this if you use the wikiThe trailer can show you a quick overview of what to expect, but you really need to try it for yourself. If you look at it, and you think you'll like it, you'll probably love it. If you think its not your kind of game, but it looks interesting enough, give it a shot. You can always get a refund on steam"
76561197995121992,Recommended,413150,21837224,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MrRoberto471,"Usually, I don't giving many reviews on Steam.but I must say... This game is totally worth it."
76561198010995949,Recommended,413150,23852054,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dead_Eye_Fox,"Great game, played it almost non-stop for a few weeks. I have only played one Harvest moon game in the past but this was much more enjoyable. the farming is fun and easy once you have sprinklers. the combat/cave crawl portions are fun really too. the fishing is fun and easy once you get the hang of it. One issue I have is that there are not a lot of opportunities to up your attack and defense. Other than leveling up (which has a cap of 10 per attribute) the only other ways to up your attack is having a better sword (I'll admit the best sword is pretty good) and defense required better boots (you can get the best boots fairly early and aren't super helpful in the later cave). I believe there are rings that up attack and defense but you only have two ring slots and there are rings that do other things that are more useful. Another issue I have is that, though boots and rings are useful pieces of equipment, Hats are purely aesthetic. over all I'd give the game a 8/10."
,Recommended,413150,21970732,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,DesktopMan,An amazing achivement in game design done by one person. Well done sir.
76561198077218457,Recommended,413150,21705360,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Garavel Usta,I played it a little bit (3.4 hour) game is pretty nice. May be boring at the start but after discover the city and learn the basics this game starting entertain you.
76561198050802141,Recommended,413150,23369326,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,nomespot,"Just a fantastic game. Not highly narrative and very relaxing, but never dull or grindy. A work of art that I would reccomend to all."
76561198201819711,Recommended,413150,23698735,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,PoohieeBearr,One of the first games I bought for my new computer and I love it! Even tho I don't understand the whole marriage thing. Still a great game! Hours of fun!
,Recommended,413150,21553744,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,-clutch-,"This is literally a masterpiece. If you played and enjoyed older Harvest Moon games (SNES, 64, PS1) you'll adore this beautifully crafted game. You can feel the love and passion ConcernedApe put into it, it's everything you want out of a Farmlife Sim. It just sucks you into the beautiful world and never lets go.And I'm so happy that Ape held off of releasing this game in an Early Access state. This is a complete package with so much content you'll never feel like you have nothing to do. It's an extremely impressive game and it deserves all of the positive praise it's getting and more.Do yourself a favor and buy this fantastic game. You will not regret it."
76561198008628904,Recommended,413150,21617490,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bowl Of Jello,"Honestly just a fantastic game. I can't say more than what others already have, it's a constant battle between "" I need to wake up for work in 5 hours"" and "" My blueberries will finish growing in 1 more day"". I highly reccomend this game to anyone."
76561198181132043,Recommended,413150,22418839,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,noahbuilder7,amazing retro game style with endless quests and fun story with many time consuming things to do besides just farming. I personnaly love the game.
,Recommended,413150,23759899,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mistyfatguy™,How are the Wood Fences stronger than Metal ones? literally Unplayable
,Recommended,413150,21775093,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kite,"First off I would like to say this is the best game on steam you will play.If you enjoyed Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, and Zelda games then you will love this one.The gameplay is great, the story for each of the characters is interesting, the art, music, and sounds are fantastic.I have not loved a games music this much since To The Moon.I enjoy the farming part the most, but the second best is the fishing.It's not to hard or easy to start, but after a while its very easy and a bit less exciting.However there are still many things to do in the game, as it is endless after all.I plan to keep playing for many more hours and try and find all the hidden secrets.In closing I highly recommend this game if you are a farm of the 3 games I mentioned above.You will not regret it, and I am sure you will fall in love with the game just as I have."
,Recommended,413150,21575614,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Zorfmorf,Came out of nowhere (at least to me). Bought it because I loved Harvest Moon when I was young. Turns out this is actually better than Harvest Moon. A lot.
76561198078886699,Recommended,413150,23851282,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ArtsyRobotz,"I'll start off saying that I'm still in year one of this game. So there's still a lot to this game I don't know about.WIth that being said, I have always loved the Harvest Moon franchise, and this game is very similar to those. However, it has a great pixel art style, plus a lot of the variety that is great to see in this type of game. You can craft your own items, have a great variety of SOs to pick from, have achievements that make you feel like you're improving in the game, you get to fight monsters, have cut scenes with everyone, go on quests that help grow your friendship with the townsfolk, customize your character, and fight the big corporations that make local stores and farming difficult. There's more, but that would ruin the fun for you if I releaved everything you could do in this game. ;)One problem this game has, for me, is that you are limited to having only one cave/dungeon to fight monsters in. I think it would be nice to add some more along the way. Another problem I see is that the bachelors are more picky than the bachelorettes. This is just a minor annoyance, but something I've noticed and would enjoy seeing fixed.To say the least, I really love this game (I am a little biased towards it because it reminds to of that other series, but still), and recommend it to anyone who wants to play a farm simulation rpg, or just a chill rpg."
,Recommended,413150,23772513,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr. Markusha,"If you enjoy pixel, rpg, and farming. This is the perfect game for you.Equation: Pixel + RPG * Farming = Stardew Valley.Worth Every penny."
,Recommended,413150,21785387,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Corvus,"Love Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon and can't get your fix on PC? Look no further.With some of the best elements of Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, and a bit of Terraria, Stardew Valley is a product of love from a fan of the genres.I have a few things to wrap up in the game until I wait for multiplayer/additions and changes, but I'm giving the game a solid 8/10, and that's considering a fairy came in the night and stole my first born child.If you want a relaxing game that doesn't pressure you with artificial difficulty or cumbersome restrictions, here is freedom from the bustle of city life in a beautifully rendered pixel paradise."
76561197976893194,Recommended,413150,21738487,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ricky_Boii,One of the best indie games atm !
,Recommended,413150,21512237,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,slugger,"really really really really good, really."
,Recommended,413150,23277676,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Bomb Squirtle™,"My reccommendation of this game comes with a huge asterisk. If you like harvest moon you will like it, if you don't like harvest moon, this game is not going to change your mind. It isn't without its flaws. For one I thought that once i completed all the quests in the community center the game would be like ""You win! Nice job!"" But all I got was one person saying they noticed I fixed the community center and thats it. I stopped playing after that because to me the goal was to complete that mission, and afterward it just felt like I was playing some free-to-play time sink.The game itself lacks the emotional feel of harvest moon. Sure you can get to know the townsfolk, but ultimately I had a lot more trouble growing to like the characters. I think it's because in harvest moon (my favorite is save the homeland) the villagers have a vested interest in you since your actions are going to directly affect the survival of their town. In this game they just seem to think of you as ""some new guy is here isnt that neat"".I did enjoy building and running my farm until the last season i played where i was just waiting for my rabbits to give me a rabbits foot so i could complete the community center. At that point i just did my daily chores (which was almost nothing since I had spent my first year automating my farm with sprinklers) and sat around waiting for evening doing almost nothing. Ultimately the game just feels artificially stretched since I had basically built a successful farm by year 1 and spent most of year 2 just getting the things i needed for the community center.However with all these faults, this is the first game to scratch my ""harvest moon itch"" in over a decade so I have to give it a reccomendation even if it does come with some fairly glaring problems."
,Recommended,413150,23108423,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ice_burg333,I used to love Harvest Moon Games.This is better.
76561198045820126,Recommended,413150,23246544,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Cydonia,"If you've played the Harvest Moon games from N64 onward you'll absolutely adore this game. The Dialogue and relationship aspect of Stardew is a little weak compared to the Harvest Moon games, but the game play far out places the Harvest Moon games. I find myself actually utilizing most of my days doing productive things and still having left over time to socialize with the townspeople and woo. The small elements of RPG added too fits the game perfectly and the addition of combat was a great choice. The cherry on top is that the developer still actively updates the game, and makes quailty improvements every month. Highly reccomend if you like the older versions of Harvest moon or life simulators in general."
76561198132401241,Recommended,413150,23163420,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Tree,"good game, needs major updates for endgame and multiplayer"
76561197999809848,Recommended,413150,22168691,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mr. Decoy,"So everyone keeps saying that this is a Harvest Moon inspired game. But I never played the original Harvest Moon, or any of its succesors. And perhaps you are like me in that regard and you still would like to know if this is a game that would interest you. So let me tell you.Setting out you are given the choice to customize your character; hair, clothing and wether you're a dog or a cat person. Then you name yourself, your pet and your farm. After this you go to your farm from where you work to clean out the rubble, plant crops, raise animals. Pelican Town is where your neighbors live and some are even single, and dateable. There are events; birthdays, festivals and holidays. you earn money, upgrade your house, your equipment and improve your relationship to the other inhabitants. So far it's pretty common. Where Stardew Valley shines though is in the tone. The NPC's are all colorful, they have their own personalities and interests. I myself have grown quite fond of Leah, a struggling artist who's still unsure about her choice to leave her boyfriend and move out of the city. The music is beautiful, soothing and perfect for the tone. But one thing, for me, sets it apart from most other RPG's. Rather than spoon feeding you new areas, new content and activities, Stardew Valley dumps the entire town in your lap and tells you to go nuts. Do you want to clean up your farm; here are the tools and a few packets of turnip seeds to start you off. What's that? You're done farming for the day, well here's also a fishing rod and over there is a lake, go have fun. What, you're looking for an adventure? Well here is a sword and that over there is a mine where you can find interesting ores and metals as well as bats and slime monsters to combat. Stardew Valley hands it all to you and it can, and probably will, feel overwhelming when you start. So much to do; tend your crops, greet the neighbors, deliver that meal and fight those monsters. And before you know the sun has set and you feel yourself get tired. Not enough hours in the day but perhaps tomorrow you will do all that you want. Or perhaps something will happen or someone will drop by or send you a letter asking for your help, you never know.There isn't a right way to play the game; I myself am an avid fisherman and have a great running farm at which I produce some excuisite wines, if I do say so myself. A friend is heavily into growing vegetables at his farm and is much more of an adventurer than I am, fighting his way down the mine levels to the lowest floor. Both playthroughs work, both perspectives are fun and beautiful. Where other games have activities which feel hollow, Stardew Valley manages to keep every part of itself well rounded and interesting.Final thoughts; I never thought I'd enjoy Stardew Valley as much as I do and it's very much the case of wanting to play 'five more minutes' for several hours."
76561198079141827,Recommended,413150,21599889,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,King Tilt,It eats you up and doesn't spit you out...
,Recommended,413150,21600038,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jotaro Kujo,"this game is undeniably fun, i dont even like farming simulators and i can't seem to stop playing, one more hour, i didn't need sleep anyway.11/10"
,Recommended,413150,22848497,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,NonNommer,Best chicken simulator 2016 11/10
,Recommended,413150,21749053,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Kai,Nice game 9.5/10
,Recommended,413150,21618425,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Hudjiro,"Instant nostalgia trip to harvest moon days when the game was good.Farm, fish, mine, forage or do whatever you wantRaise chickens, cows, horse, fruit bats, mushroomsFight for monster lootzFlirt, get laid, get babyI pirated it first but then I realised how good the game is10/10 instabuy"
76561198186984406,Recommended,413150,23810259,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,pat_178,"Awesome game, terribly addictive 150+hours so far. looking forward to new content as its starting to get monotonous without new things to collect of achieve."
,Recommended,413150,22916220,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dapper Prinny,"Stardew Valley is essentially Harvest Moon, and for most people that would be enough. They wouldn't look further than that, and simply knock it off as a PC knock off. But they couldn't be further from the truth.Stardew Valley is wonderful. From the music to the various game mechanics, it's a very well made. The music fits the mood of the game, soothing and relaxing to play. Besides that, the town is full of life, with each person in town having their own schedule and daily routines that change with the weather and seasons. Even the marriage system is very well thought out, appealing to any type of couple (well almost any).The variety of crops to plant is very nice, and the idea of foraging for various items in the wild is also a very nice idea. From fishing to mining to fighting off monsters, Stardew Valley does a fine job of making each skill interesting.The only problem that I have with it, is that unless you have the Greenhouse, Winter is very slow. Without the constant need to tend to crops, Winter leaves the player with only fishing or mining/combat to pass the time.Overall, I'd highly recommend Stardew Valley to everyone. It's a great way to relieve stress, and just kill time with hours of farming and socializing in town. Plus with the future co-op mode being released in the future, it'll be very interesting to see how farmers will come together."
,Recommended,413150,27027697,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MintNinja,"An exceeding good and enriching farming sim in the vein of Harvest Moon.  Plus, sometimes you can collect whole two layer cakes from trash cans."
,Recommended,413150,22526590,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ocfos,I haven't screamed so much at a jumping fish since that one time back in the spring of 1.
,Recommended,413150,21514187,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Martini ♥,"This game has it all. I was a HUGE Harvest Moon fan back in the day, and played many many of them over the years. I thought this would be similar, and it is, but SO much more than that. I'm addicted. This game has kept me more interested than any man ever has. Buy it now, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,413150,26652242,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Zgames The Dragon,"Edit : 24th Nov 2016For the Nominees this deserves The just 5 More Minutes Award.Why? Because everytime I said 5 more minutes my time got warped and 5 hours has passed.Harvest Moon : PC Edition.Like everyone said.Get it if you like Harvest Moon.Get it if you want a casual, relaxing, and non-stressful game.Get it if you like Animal Crossing as well.Get it.Keyword here is. GETIT.The pros is so much and the Dev is still planning on adding more content. Think of this as the 2nd Terraria. Farming Version (Ok might not be as good as Terraria ( You happy now Tech ) ) Ok? Ok.Remember. GETIT."
,Recommended,413150,27776644,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xalnop,Wonderfully comphrensive update of Harvest Moon gameplay that take the farm life to a whole new level.
76561198049030892,Recommended,413150,22916821,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Burodsx,"Dug through people's trash cans and found an Omlette. Gave it to Alex, now we're friends. 10/10!"
76561198142831119,Recommended,413150,28825391,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jonas,Good chill game
76561198065376824,Recommended,413150,21658959,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,tleivo,This is the game I have been waiting for since Harvest Moon 64 and Harvest Moon Back to Nature.  It proves that gameplay in a 2D world decorated with amazing sprite artwork is still a fun way to play in 2016.  This is well worth fifteen dollars.
,Recommended,413150,27565478,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Catloaf,"Really relaxing game, easy to play, interesting stories."
,Recommended,413150,21658834,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dan Niton,1. Launch the game2. Play the game3. Check the clock. (Ok 10 more min and I'm out)4. 10 min later. (Just few more min)5. 2 hours later. (Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I need to stop)6. Can't stop playing.........10/10
,Recommended,413150,21517105,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wadkinz,"Finally a fun, addictive, casual game that I can play to unwind at night. Absolutely love this game!"
76561198048466734,Recommended,413150,21594980,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,CopY,This is amazing!
,Recommended,413150,21649424,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Unee,Harvest Moon with a bit of dungeon crawling. It's great.
,Recommended,413150,21659873,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Balakiel ~Sensual Birdfeed~,"So my review thenI haven't went much, just a month and a half through, but this boasts a lot of features already.It's a bit more difficult to get acclimated to than a typical game like this (Rune Factory or Harvest Moon) but it feels a lot more substantial when you have little victories because of that.The game runs nearly flawlessly (some audio glitches when I tab in/out which I tend to do a lot but nothing game breaking) and has already had several updates from the dev to improve on it.It's amazing with mouse but even better with a controller. Plug and play, no issues, cursor control via right stick is brilliant & feels instantly natural, and it doesn't lock up the keyboard so you can still use hotkeys if you want. It even supports rumble. You can tell the dev put a lot of love into this feature.I might recommend looking into beginners tutorials since some of the features aren't entirely well explained (like where you get your first bits of storage, and general things like not building a coop until you're acclimated. I'm gonna wait until my first house upgrade is complete for that)I'm not aesthetically into the character's pixel art but their stories seem to make up for that, treading a line between the typical two dimensional dating options in other farming games and something with just enough depth for intrigue. The environments are absolutely beautiful and I can already tell the lighting engine is going to make for interesting house designs. I haven't delved far into designing houses but it already feels like I have more options than other games like this. maybe not minecraft/starbound levels of options but definitely options.Games like these tend to take a lot of time and I think the amount of time this occupies you is definitely worth the 15 dollar asking price as I tend to buy games like this for around 30-40"
,Recommended,413150,21514690,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kyeman,"One of the most charming games I have ever played. I would rank it as #1 of its genre (Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, Animal Crossing).But seriously, this developer is literally a hero to me. He took his time to make this game and made sure it was made to his high standards. He denied early access knowing it would take away from the magic of a full release. He made this really special game for all of us to play for many hours. He charged 25% of the price ON release of what we are used to from other large companies who gave us rushed, flawed, DLC whoring games.THANK YOU ConcernedApe!!!!"
,Recommended,413150,27692400,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jvdgoot,"It's like Harvest Moon, but with lots of little quality of life improvements and much deeper gameplay. A definite recommend."
76561198008897211,Recommended,413150,22183934,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,varmgard,"this game is destroying my life, some one please make me stop playing this...so hungry....but maybe ill eat after i get enough wood for my next upgrade.....probably not....some one please help...."
76561198245230560,Recommended,413150,28554872,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,GentlemansDrink,I lost an entire semester of college to this game.
,Recommended,413150,21513552,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Stargrace,So. Fun. Cannot recommend enough.
,Recommended,413150,21598121,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,professorSugoi,Comfiest game of the year
,Recommended,413150,21527428,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[GA] **Cougar**,Brings back fond memories of Harvest moon.  I look forward to the multiplayer patch down the road but the single player is done playable and awesome
,Recommended,413150,21743273,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,PaladinƱ★❤♧۩,"EDIT: I'm at over 100 hours in the game now, and this review still stands the same. This game is my childhood.  This game is my summer vacation, 20 years ago, renting Harvest Moon on the SNES and playing it all day long. This game is happiness. This game is what's missing from your life. This game is the best $10 you will ever spend.Should you buy this game?Yes, yes, yes, 1000 times, yes!Why? What is this game?Stardew Valley is the best Harvest Moon game since Harvest Moon 64. Although it's not actually an official Harvest Moon game, it's extremely obvious that was what this game was meant to be.I have 34 hours in the game at the time of writing this review, and am just now past year one. In that year, I delved down 120 floors of a dungeon-like mine, befriended a homeless man, upgraded my tiny farmhouse to max size, beat children at an egg hunt, got turned down for a dance with any/all of the eligible ladies in town, and am on the verge of getting married.There are a ton of options in this game for how you can live your life/make money. You can forage in the wild, you can fish, you can mine, you can plant vegetables, you can plant fruit trees, you can tap trees for syrup, harness honey from bees, become a rancher, kill monsters for loot, and several other things. You are not forced to do any of these things; they're simply available for you to do on your own.There are also several buildings to build upon your farm. You can choose where to place these buildings as well. They're not in predetermined locations on your farm as they were in Harvest Moon games. This is a big plus for people that want to create their own aesthetic for their home and farm. You can also decorate your home with multiple items, wallpapers, and flooring.You also have a relationship meter with all of the townspeople, who all have their own backstories, problems, likes, and dislikes. As you build your relationship with them, they slowly reveal more of their backstory to you, as they trust you more and begin to think of you as a friend. I will not ruin these reveals for you, but know that there is more to every person in the game than you would initially think.There are also a lot of items that you can craft in this game. Many things are available to you right away, and more unlock as you level up in farming, fishing, mining, etc. These level ups with occur pretty naturally as you go about life on your farm, so you never really feel the need to grind these skills out.I could seriously go on about this game all day long, but here's the bottom line.PROS+ Lots of options for gameplay/ money-making+ Good, fleshed out NPCs who fill you with a desire to become friends so you can learn more about them.+ Graphics remind me a bit of SNES Harvest Moon.+ Sound design is well done and the music matches each season/ situation very well.+ Truly feels like a game that could have been made by Natsume in their prime.+ Ends up being a very relaxing game that you could sit down and play for either an hour at a time or 20 hours at a time. ""Just one more day...""+ A good number of bachelors/ bachelorettes with different personalities.CONS- In my opinion, you run too slow. Feels like a gentle jog instead of running. I kinda expected to move as fast as you did in Harvest Moon on SNES, but this is about half that speed, it seems.- Not necessarily a negative, but as I said before, I'm at 34 hours and only past year one, meaning progress does definitely take some time. It's a fun game, though, so that's not necessarily a negative.Final Rating: 9.5/10It's a great game, and probably my best purchase of the year.Also, as a side note, if you don't like the sprites or portraits of any of the marriage-eligible NPCs, there are already mods out there that change them. I used one for Abigail, and think it looks much better.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=636602288https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXmpr7wHHog"
,Recommended,413150,21629634,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Fossegrim,Just one more day...Nominated for the “Just 5 more minutes” award!
,Recommended,413150,26594852,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gypsy,My son bought me this game because he thought I needed something fun to do. Now I'm hooked! I even find myself humming some of the music while I'm doing other things around the house. Now I have to decide if I want to get married or not
76561198110649946,Recommended,413150,26018860,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mukyo.o,worth buyingI feel like i get more than i've paidmany contents to enjoy
76561198161667948,Recommended,413150,29749747,Posted: 6 February,all,gyo9394,Really nice game very addicting only completed Year 1 so far and it's hugely complex! Love it 10/10
,Recommended,413150,26001620,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Dervahkiin,Gave my little sister hours of enjoyment.
76561198053867112,Recommended,413150,26008156,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,PrincessWolfy,amazing
,Recommended,413150,21514928,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Album,If you liked animal crossing or harvest moon you'll love this...I can't stop playing.
,Recommended,413150,22638131,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Andos_Woods,uh oh. this is way more addicting than i thought it would be.
,Recommended,413150,24763742,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DillyCakes,"Pro's:I did like the game, overall I do reccomend it.It has a great design, storyline and character lore.It's worth the $15.00 pricetag I paid for it.Cons:I got burned out after about 60 hours of play and lost interest.Late game felt very repetativeI wish there was some sort of online competition aspect to it."
76561198069039645,Recommended,413150,28250454,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Othus,73 hours played in two weeks.please send help.10/10 would farm again
76561198294411763,Recommended,413150,25998586,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Kimonas_Kyparos,"So i just bought the game and i have only played for about two hours.Here's what i think so far:-first of all, great game-very nice music-awesome gameplay-really nice pixel art-not boring at all(the opposite actually)-under 15€Also, it is obvious that the developer has put a lot of effort nto this gameIf you have 14€ to spare, buy this game and see for yourself.Also, congrats on the ps4 release!!!"
,Recommended,413150,26009187,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,StardustFish,"Haha, wow. I have a lot to say, but its 12:30 so ill be short.PROS-Soundtrack is sooo immersive. Possibly one of the best I've ever had the chance to listen to. Have found myself humming a lot of the tunes. Winter is my favorite season to listen to.-For a Harvest Moon/Rune Factory gamer, this is perfect. Format is almost exactly the same. Surpasses it, i think.-All prices are fair (at least I think so, I've seen some outrage about prices of big stuff from the community)-Improvements are amazingly well done and they all feel like it's worth it.-All the characters are either instantly hatable or instantly likable. (depending on how you see them.) I know every single character by name.-Open-ended. DO WHATEVER!-the art really pops. Colors are big, bold, and beautiful. Fall is absoultely my favorite season to look at.-the most charming game I've ever played.-Every single thing feels like it matters. nothing isnt important. Everything is made with love and tied up in a little bow.-sooooo many secrets. so much stuff.-Extra farms that fit to playstyles, and also adds replayablity.CONS-Hard to figure out stuff occassionally. No doubt I had to check the wiki at least once or twice. Although it may add to its' open-endedness, I didn't understand a ton of the elements in this game before having to check the wiki.-I think the ambiance (except for the ocean ambiance) is loud and terrible. Thank god for adjustable volume. That's just me, though. I actually dont really like ambiance anyway.TL;DR- I am in love with this game. Please shut up and let CA take your money. Don't forget to say goodbye to the real world on your way out. And remember that this was a project that was made by one person, for several years."
76561198212382635,Recommended,413150,26021747,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GlassWolf,"I Love This Game, it Has So Mutch in it That I'm Always Busy Doing Something. The Gameplay is Relaxing and Don't Get Me Started on How Nice and Calming The Music is. It is Worth Every Penny Spent and More."
76561198124121284,Recommended,413150,21840296,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Adachi,The one game to rule them all.
,Recommended,413150,29534021,Posted: 27 January,all,A_Perfect_Champion,"I dont like these types of games, never did. But afteer seeeing a 97%+ positive review, I broke down and bought it. Damn this game is so fun!After playing this game, I really want to eat more green vegetables IRL. If you have a son or daughter that does not eat his/her vegetables, gift them this game and maybe they will eat more vegetables."
76561198066475361,Recommended,413150,24065154,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RicePR,Fishing makes me want to kill myself.
,Recommended,413150,28932861,Posted: 2 January,all,[JSH]DrakBehr (≧ω≦),This is the game that you play to take a break from real life struggles.
,Recommended,413150,21734572,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Puppet in the dark,gave girl a gemshe ate it270/270
,Recommended,413150,21571058,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DunsparZ,A very amazing game.
,Recommended,413150,24759634,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Britney Spears,Game is sick. 11/10.
,Recommended,413150,21558525,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,whistler,"So I put on my best spring attire and went on over to the Egg Festival in the town square.  I had it all planned out that I was going to give Haley a tulip.  ""She'll like this,"" I thought to myself as I sprinted over, hoping to not miss the festival after spending several grueling hours hoeing up the rough soil.I made the festival in time, and was greeted by every person in town.  I look around hoping to catch a glimpse of that short blonde lady who had my eye.I finally spotted her near the back...  Talking to Alex.10/10 would sell the tulip again"
,Recommended,413150,21574453,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Hekso⚙,One more day
,Recommended,413150,21698232,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Zealar,This game is legit crack
,Recommended,413150,21595866,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Lemons,This game has fishing. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21599001,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Lando,not even a week since i got this game 56hrs in little to no sleep still going strong and man i feel i havent even scratched the surface of this game yet lmao... HAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAAHAHA.... *TWITCH TWITCH* AHAHAHAAHHAA.....
,Recommended,413150,21516199,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Beanz,My review on Stardew Valley.In all honesty when I saw the game it reminded me of harvest moon with a few small twists.After playing the game for around an hour I felt like it might get dry pretty quick.Once I got into the mining and farming and the events around town it began being a LOT more fun in a hurry.I have 10 hours in the game and looking at items that I have yet to find I feel as though I haven't even scratched the surface.The quality of the game for the price is unbeatable. I have yet to find any glitches or bugs in my casual play through.Highly recommended great game!
,Recommended,413150,21746574,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,JTPNZ,"I don't know why but this game makes me miss the old days of ""Harvest Moon"". I can't believe that only one guy did all of the game. I RECOMMEND THIS FOR ALL HARVEST MOON LOVERS"
,Recommended,413150,25589686,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TheLeer,"Of all the games that I played similar to Harvest Moon, Stardew Valley gets the formula the most and then improves it.From crafting to new items, plus the basic combat system and new fishing mechanic.and not forget to marry not only to the opposite sex but also the same.I'm loving this game and starting new is great once the new update comes in.Would highly recommend!"
,Recommended,413150,25639225,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,blueline,"okay, this game kept me up all night and now my sleeping pattern is screwed.i spent way too long trying to get sebastian to love me XD waiting outside his door everyday at 3pm was really taking a toll on me.sebastian is now mine <3 ^-^this game seriously doesn't get boring. i legit have had this for about 2 days and have played 23 hours already.bottom line,i need help.but anyways, this game is amazing. it is seriously worth every cent. it doesn't really just focus on just the farming aspect, it really is an 'in-depth' type of game. i'm really sure that i'm going to be hooked  on this game for awhile and i really can't wait for the next update of this game :DDgg."
,Recommended,413150,25075780,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Th3 As5a5s1n,"Really fun farming game. I feel like part of the community innit but that lady by the lake won't let me in her house when I offer her mushrooms, ya get me brudda?I don't like that my farmer looks like a dirty greeb as well. Gotta change it."
,Recommended,413150,23868776,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Trave1er,"Asked a Girl to dance. She said ""To be honest I dont really want to dance with you"". Real Life Church Dance Simulator 2016."
76561198272001981,Recommended,413150,23899870,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Morpho,I'd have at least 20+ more hours if I didn't have ♥♥♥♥♥y parents
,Recommended,413150,23876006,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SEMİH AMCA,"I'm playing dead by daylight all day, then i find my inner peace with this game.Thank You"
,Recommended,413150,24003317,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,JV®,"Stardew Valley is a farming life simulator. Your objective(?) is to build and grow a farm left by your grandfather.It is very similar to the Harvest Moon series. Plant crops, raise animals, make friends, get married, all that good stuff.One big difference is that the game opens the moment you start it. No lenghty tutorials. While it might be a bad thing for some, for me it felt like I was free to experiment with the options I was presented. The game also features a very convenient crafting system. You can make a lot of things out of materials you found by exploring the pretty compact world. Not only that. Want to go out explore caves and kill monsters? you can do that. Want to go fishing? go ahead. Everything is right there available to you right away.The soundtrack is also something special. Full of relaxing and atmospheric songs, it really makes you feel like you're on a vacation on the countryside. You will definitely find some new favorites here.If you like Harvest Moon, you'll like this game even more. Everything is here and even other things you didn't think you even wanted are here as well. All wrapped up into a nice package."
,Recommended,413150,24014242,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Spam シ,"10/10 singleplayer, dont give up at start likeCagarand it will turn out epic."
,Recommended,413150,23820778,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lantik,1 year : 500g ->1000g->500g2 year : 10000g ->100000g -> 1000000g
,Recommended,413150,25177047,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,xUnreachablee,"Stardew Valley reminds me of my childhood in a good way.Even though there are so many similar games to this, Stardew Valley really makes it it's own experience with each new file you start up.I didn't expect it to be so.. full of love. You can clearly tell that alot of love and thought got put into developing it. Especially since it got made by a single person and I respect and thank you with my whole heart.The thing that I love the most are the random interactions with your surroundings. Meaning, a random bunny could jump out of a bush or a bird's flying over the lake you're walking along. Each little detail like this makes me love the game even more. Another thing is definitely the little quests to get certain gifts back to help out your farm and making it even more bigger. That was honestly the main thing that kept me wanting to play it even more. I didn't fully finish it yet but I'll for sure do so when I find the time.A thing that bugged me kinda but didn't stop me, was the re-building of the farm. I would've loved to replace the farm buildings instead of selling each animal and destroying the building you had to work for so hard -- if you got to the third level of the building that is -- but as I said before, it didn't really stop me from playing buuut it made me lose the motivation. Just that you should put thought into how your farm should in the end look like, is a thing that you don't realize at the start. But it definitely shows you to think about your plans before taking action.I look forward to the updates and the little details that will be added soon.Now, would I recommend the game? YES.Is it worth the money? OH YES.You'll definitely get lost in the beautiful world of Stardew Valley as soon as you take over your farm."
,Recommended,413150,24391653,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Zimmy Zam,"""Press Z to defecate""11/10 would pay again."
76561198197512410,Recommended,413150,21517472,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,The Bootleg Boy,My day in stardew valley;1:wake up.2:water plants and use all of my energy.3:Go back to bed.10/10 not enough to water.
,Recommended,413150,21573045,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Anna,"As someone who typically has a difficult time getting addicted to single-player games, this game has taken my addiction to the next level. I have stayed up all night for multiple nights playing this non stop, waking up the next morning excited to play more. It is worth every penny and has so much depth, there is always something to do.Cannot wait to visit this when co-op comes out!"
,Recommended,413150,29661142,Posted: 2 February,all,Shuntis Khan,10/10 Would waste many hours on this super amazin game again
,Recommended,413150,22907376,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Tw,"Still the best game and going betterMust a have game.=== Updated ===This game is like Harvest Moon but a lot better, if you like harvest moon you won't regret.- Nice graphics (yeah, for real)- Perfect mechanic- Nice Design- Easy Learning curve- Intuitive commands- A LOT of things to do- You can customize your farm and home- Freedom, you can play the way you want. Farming, minning, fishing and more...Just a advice, don't use wiki to play this game, try discover all secrets by yourself :)I will update and do a better review."
76561198094405281,Recommended,413150,24717923,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Swedish_AI,"Love the game, a really fun world.  I just wish the Fector's Challenge didn't exist. It doesn't seem possible and therefore it is sadly pointless to attempt a 100% achievement run, but i am not giving up."
,Recommended,413150,23937473,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,EvaPilot1,"Yess, I love this game. It is a bit slow though. I've been playing a hundred hours and I'm still only in spring year 2. Saying that though my farms really coming along and I've been unlocking the community centre upgrades nicely. It gives you a real sense of accomplishment.I think I'd recommend taking a look at some of the farms people have made so you can get a feel for the kind of farm that you'd like later on.Some hints:Buy some fruit trees early. Pomegranates would be good to have.Catch an eel while it's raining in spring 1Buy strawberry seeds at the egg competition.Make a silo before you harvest the grass.A scarecrow can reliably protect a 7x7 grid of crops.Make quality sprinklers."
,Recommended,413150,22875417,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Born To Conquer,"Inspired by Harvest Moon and Runescape, with improvements.More updates/improvements to come.This is not just your average farming game, this is an entire lifestyle rolled into one.Get it. You will not regret it. GLHF!"
,Recommended,413150,24099460,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,chloe (size does matter),Fav game 10/10
76561198073615174,Recommended,413150,24007465,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BeeMan,"One of the most phenomonal games of the year.  The art style is one of the best, and most pleasing, of any in this genre.  The game provides limitless amount of things to do and take part in as a farmer.  The game continues to expand and with many mods the game can be played even after reaching late years in the game.  Overall one of my favorite games of the year/ever and it is totally worth picking up for the price!"
,Recommended,413150,26818365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sicmendor Darkaxe,"Stardew Valley is a farming game that is inspired in Harvest Moon for the SNES and follows the crafting formula of Terraria and/or Starbound.The game is relaxing, and if you advance very well, you'll have the feeling that you can't do everything in a single in-game day (believe me, it happens to me quiet oftenly after the 2nd year)The animals gives eggs, wool and two kinds of milk, which you can transform into mayonneise (however that word is writen), cloths, chees or even use all of this into cooking.The game has so many things that this review would get too short."
,Recommended,413150,25933066,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Shaneus,V. Good
,Recommended,413150,22962534,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,JayNana95,I tried so hard to wait until this game was on sale before getting it. That lasted 2 days...
76561198011620981,Recommended,413150,22828223,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Xartavion,"Did you like Secret of Mana for it's free-flowing combat style and ""get better at a skill by using it"" system? How 'bout Harvest Moon for the strange satisfaction of putting in the effort to turn a farm into a profitable cornerstone of your community? If you're like me and enjoyed both of those games (and more recently, Secret of Grindea) you'll likely love this game as I clearly do (33 hours just this week...).This game is the lovechild produced by the union of Secret of Mana with Harvest Moon."
76561198032065705,Recommended,413150,25339306,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jack_Wagon,"How much fun is this game? Well, let me say this: my brother says I need an intervention."
76561198007871617,Recommended,413150,22834766,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cryptodynamic,It's the Hallmark holiday special of video games.
76561198297606777,Recommended,413150,28630534,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheFlashBangYouTube,I think more people should play this game. Its an amazing game that diserves more than this it should get more players and likes and its worth more than $15.
,Recommended,413150,28824366,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,๖Wulfrag,Most relaxing game i've ever played.
,Recommended,413150,29585506,Posted: 30 January,all,Zebrob,"This year, I decided to get back into shape by eating healthy, and becoming more active.This game so far has ruined that.I'm a relatively casual gamer, which is why (despite warnings in other reviews) I was blown away by the amount of time I not only accidentally invested, but wholeheartedly threw at the game. It's both zen and exciting, and I feld oddly emotionally rewarded when I pulled in a nice harvest.Do yourself a favor, and get this game. This isn't my typical genre, nor is it something I'd have looked at twice if not for the reviews. I didn't think I'd enjoy it, but gave it a chance off of the reviews (and the sale.)I'm glad I did."
,Recommended,413150,28074726,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Thesunshineffect,"Like a breath of fresh air, sitting next to an open window on a cool summer day. Sunlight streaming through the glass warming your face as you sit and relax. Stardew Valley is a place of retreat.I normally enjoy fast paced, quick on the draw style, games. But every now and then I want a game that I don’t have to think too hard on. And Stardew Valley is the game I can relax playing. Grow some crops, meet some friends, or fish in the pond. And even if you mess up it’s not a big deal. Because there is always next year. No pressure.Step 1: buy potatoes.Step 2: Plant/waterStep 3: Harvest potatoes.Step 4: Repeat until you have more potatoes than you can water in a day."
,Recommended,413150,27669453,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[?],"Never boring try new terrain, new cutscene, and more :)"
,Recommended,413150,21502604,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,BlueFootedBooty,"After just a few minutes in, you can tell that this game really is a labor of love from the developer, ConcernedApe. If you don't already know, Stardew Valley draws heavy influence from games like Harvest Moon and Rune Factory. If you've never played them, I'd definitely recommend sinking some time into Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town. A lot of the mechanics you'll see in Stardew Valley mirror the mechanics from this game. While I've only played for a few hours, I think I can safely say that this game isn't just a carbon copy of Harvest Moon. It may have utilized gameplay and story elements as a sort of backbone, but the game feels like it has its own unique personality. There's a large map to explore and numerous events to trigger while playing.If I had anything bad to say about this game, I'd say the main UI overlay is a bit large, and I can't seem to find a way to exit to the main menu to access different save files. However, ConcernedApe has shown that he's open to suggestions over the course of development. Heck, you could go to his twitter right now and you'll see him taking reports of bugs and what not. Even if you find a few hiccups while playing, I think we're in good hands.Overall, I'd gladly recommend this game. It's charming, vibrant, and very addicting. I hope you all can enjoy the game as much as I am."
,Recommended,413150,21682496,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Anfear,"It's like Undertale, but with less furries and memes and also at least 3x the potato farming.Also, I romanced the partner of my choice by giving her countless jars of mayonnaise.Mayonnaise/10 would give a super fattening condiment as an aphrodesiac again."
,Recommended,413150,28894831,Posted: 1 January,all,Waygo Fox,"There's not much I can say but this game is simply awesome moreover for harvest moon fans like me. It's just like more powerful version than any Harvest Moon game I've ever played. Glad I bought this game to fill my free time. Thanks to the Developers for this awesome addictive game, I got positive energy on it."
76561198239582738,Recommended,413150,26602120,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SPINKYBINGUS,"OMG! This game is sosososo SOOOOOOOOOOOO fun! If you don't have this game, you need to buy it now....while you're at it buy fricken 20 copies. This game is so fun and chill. If you are looking to relax and have a really great time without getting salty...this is your game. Honestly i'll hunt you down if you don't buy it."
,Recommended,413150,27906280,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,h a r d c☺r e,relaxing
76561198101129671,Recommended,413150,28589710,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Alzabo,"Great game, best farming sim on the market in the spirit of Harvest Moon."
76561198300205993,Recommended,413150,28886152,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MoonstoneRedd,10/10A D D I C T I V E
,Recommended,413150,29455011,Posted: 23 January,all,Mii,"A++ story, design, gameplay, diversity, pet.Fighting, fishing, farming, falling in love. What more could I ask of a game? Or even real life."
76561198222810188,Recommended,413150,30043401,Posted: 19 February,all,KazamaMana,I would die for Stardew Valley
76561198005347228,Recommended,413150,22875200,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kibatsu,"""Just one more day."""
76561198190516686,Recommended,413150,22812245,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,IzzyDeLuce,"Relaxing,Funny,Challenging. Great music.Absolutely worth it's prize. It's hours of entertainment and perfect to wind down. Update: The new Maps are fun too :)"
,Recommended,413150,23119817,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,† 3isbrecher | Caro †,Bestes Game einfach.
,Recommended,413150,22600118,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,King of Hyrule,I maintain my virtual home more than my real one.10/10
,Recommended,413150,22423526,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,CarlCX,"I rise from my bed to stare wordlessly, thoughtlessly, hopelessly into the tall dark geode I got form the wizard southwest of town. It's the best entertainment I've got; the TV is nothing but cooking show reruns and a fortune teller who speaks only to me. The dog is there wagging its tail at me--must be raining--but I don't touch it, don't dare look at it, because I know it can't be real; it's been living with me for months upon months and has never once eaten, never relieved itself, only drank, slept and rose to repeat the process all over again. I see the same two dozen faces every day, without fail, following the same paths, repeating the same sentences, but, but--but only two at a time; thereafter they only stare, silent, unthinking, unfeeling, no longer even acknowledging my presence.But I see them, sometimes. They don't think I do--I do. I see them through their windows at night, when they think I should be asleep. I see them standing bone-still facing the corners of their homes, not moving, not blinking, not even breathing. I see them jerk to life like marionettes on strings as they go about their business.I see them. I sometimes doubt that in all the times I've laughed, danced and loved with them if they've ever seen me.I don't remember how I got here. I don't remember what came before. Was there before? There's a bus, but it doesn't move. There's the path I took to get here, but I don't know where it led. I don't know where it came from.I don't know who I am.I'm going to check my machines and water my plants, now. I'm going to ship out my crops.Then I think I'm going to stare at my geode again. Just for awhile. It's so relaxing here, in its space, in my homeIt's so relaxing herein the corner"
,Recommended,413150,23192006,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Mew2Pod,Hella Fun
,Recommended,413150,22823455,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Kliekie,"Haven't played it a lot yet but so far I really enjoy it. It's a good distraction from all those regular shooter games.Build your own farm and help the people in town.Go do some mining and kill some monsters.Want a real challenge? Try fishing.. >_<Only downside is sleeping... Your character has to be in bed at 2 AM at it latest, else he/she will pass out... Not cool if you are on the other side of the map and have to run home. Hopefully there is a tent or sleeping bag option I haven't discovered yet.."
,Recommended,413150,23150048,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Chrono,"Started up the game and tought this was gonna be the best game then I realized My computer probably  couldent handle it, It loaded up then it didnt lag at all started my game farmed some plants and got money upgraded tools then got the mine ten seconds later died and lost my inv my sword restarted my game had to do everything and then died and had to do it again and u know what happened next xD just its a good game."
,Recommended,413150,26877842,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stephen Harper,"Very relaxing and chill game, you don't even see the time pass while playing it !"
76561198107999659,Recommended,413150,26542158,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Evan ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"One day I found a diamond in Clint's trashcan. I thought to myself, ""Why the hell would he throw this away?"" Rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I took the diamond from the trash can anyways hoping he wouldn't notice. Luckily for me, it was Jodi's birthday the next day, and I needed to give her a gift. I gave the diamond to her, and it was one of her favorite gifts! Haha, I guess you can say one man's trash is another man's treasure. 12/10 would steal from Clint's trash can again."
76561198126684354,Recommended,413150,26880149,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WILLLLLL,"Very good timewaster, this game stole my real life and made me neglect my education. Would buy again"
76561198069347127,Recommended,413150,25964775,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DICK8=D,"actually, this game is very boring. In this game, you can planting,fishing,mining,and dating. That's all,but i can't stop playing this game. I love this boring game"
,Recommended,413150,22827270,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,2xM Jason,"Fun game to play but most grindy part is the artifacts, it is quite difficult to get those 1% chance from <1 worm tile per day. Anyway, hope more new content to be added for late gamers. Good job ConcernedApe!!"
76561198281113459,Recommended,413150,22827298,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Woody,Very fun and addicting. Perfect for killing time and relaxing! Replay is a little low but even just one game could last you 50+ hours!
,Recommended,413150,22834680,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,josh8far,WARNING: Stardew valley is extremely addictive.
,Recommended,413150,23984856,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ButNugget,The depressing moment you realise that your stardew valley life is better than your real one...
,Recommended,413150,22900079,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,BITCH WHAT THE FUCK,My mom put up missing posters because I was MIA for 114 hours
,Recommended,413150,22799755,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,shreddedbullet,"Stardew Valley is the definitive game for the farming simulation genre. It takes heavy inspiration from games like Harvest Moon, and improves on everything that those games did right. The plot is that your grandfather gives you a farm after he passes away and you abandon your day job to live a life out in the country.If I had to say what Stardew Valley is, it's a spiritual sucessor to Harvest Moon. Not only does it do everything that the original Harvest Moon does right, but it improves on the formula and genre overall. It adds combat, crafting, farm customization, character customization, character skills, a more in depth marraige system, and a plot that is better than any other game of it's genre.Not only does it add all of these great features, but it puts amazing polish on every other feature that is there. Harvesting crops, raising animals, mining and fishing is just as addictive as ever and Stardew Valley will entertain for hours on end.I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME. I would say it is one of my favorite games of all time. Period.This game is definiately worth every penny of the $15 the developer is asking for. ConcernedApe has created a modern gaming masterpiece."
,Recommended,413150,22860495,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Phantasma,This game's like Animal Crossingbut like you don't have to wait for tomorrowthen it's five in the morning in real life and half a year has passed in gameand you wonder why you even bother.it's pretty alright
76561198079914073,Recommended,413150,22514280,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Xemmas,"I used to have a life. Used to... I have now ditched all my friends to be alone, playing this game."
,Recommended,413150,21583350,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pappa Gunther,"Since quite a few people were asking about this game, I've decided to make an early review.So what exactly is Stardew Valley? Well it is a PC iteration of a SNES series called ""Harvest Moon"". It is a farm simulation role-playing game developed entirely by, ConcernedApe (Eric Barone). From what I've heard, this game has been programed in C# for approximately 2.5 years.Side NotesThe game has Xbox One and Xbox 360 controller support.What is so special about Stardew Valley?This was my exact question before actually making a purchase, myself. Stardew Valley is a never ending farm simulation game, but wait there is more to it. It is not only a farm simulation game, but even a dungeon crawler. In short, this game has it's own twist on ""Harvest Moon"", by incorporating a lot of good ideas from both Terraria and Minecraft. What is even more interesting, this game features a very strategical gameplay. Not only you have to manage your energy and find ways to restore it, but even race against the clock. This is sort of time managing game, you can not do everything at once. However, you can try, but you will most likely fail. Each day you will find yourself doing different tasks. As a last note, Stardew Valley has no real story or linear questing. Therefore, you might feel lost in the beginning, but when you get a hang of the game. Trust me, it is way too big with the time given both in game and real life.What can you do in Stardew Valley?-You can be a rancher, gardener or both at the same time.-Buy, plant, water, harvest, sell or gift your berries and vegetables.-Build, buy and care for your chickens, cows, pigs, horses or even a pet. (Dog or cat).-As you progress gain new skills that will help you forge your way ahead.-Invent new equipment that you've gained by leveling different skills.-Participate in community events. (Easter egg hunt, dancing contest...)-4 different seasons, to make things more spicy. (Challenge cap.)-You can be a fisherman.-You can be a cook.-You can be a gatherer. (Berries and all that good stuff.)-You can be a woodcutter.-You can work with a wizard and solve the towns mysteries of the abandoned community building.-You can restore community building to it's former glory.-You can do random quests that you find on the billboard or your post.-You can be an adventurer who crawls the mines for epic loot and fortune.-You can donate your archeoligcal findings to the community archaeologist.-Protect the town from whatever might loom in the mines by joining adventurers guild and performing various tasks for them.-You can be friendly and proud community member. (Giving various gifts to locals, talking to them.)-You can be a proud family man or woman, and make a living in this small community. Perhaps even get a kid or two? It is your choice.-You can side with the locals and make a stand against a big corporation who is trying to overtake the town.-You can side with the big corporation for your own goals. Mostly money, though.-In short this game has no ending or true goals, it might look small, yet it is too big to have an actually ending.-You will have at least hundred of hours replayability and challenging progression.-More things to come... This is everything that I've so far managed to uncover.Things yet to come in Stardew Valley-4 player co-op-Game patches-New contentIf this is your cup of tea, what are you waiting for? This game is barely $15."
,Recommended,413150,27785213,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cynycal CoFH (ThisNameKills),"Great little game. It's heartwarming, addictive, and genuinely fun.  Also multiplayer is on the way!"
,Recommended,413150,27339124,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KonfuZer,"Plant crops, explore caves, go fishing, and more! Lots of fun to be had here."
,Recommended,413150,25888354,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,zombian,"Stardew Valley is essentially a modern day indie version of the original SNES Harvest Moon, packed with tons of extra content as compared to that classic.  If you never played a HM game before it may take awhile to get your bearings as Stardew Valley doesn't hold your hand or explain the game mechanics very well, and even though I'm a HM veteran I found myself looking into wiki guides to understand the game better myself.That said, once you get into it, the game is truly immersive and hands down one of the best indie releases of the past decade in my opinion.  Add to that great developer support with new features being added and you end up with a game that can and will suck many great gaming hours out of you. Highly recommended!"
76561198292508969,Recommended,413150,29187313,Posted: 11 January,all,yakuzadeeps,"It's hard to describe this game in a few words, but to sum it up It is Refreshing. i mean after playing so many useless AAA games this is like a breath of fresh air. After a dull and tired day  this is what you look forward to the most. Simply Amazing"
,Recommended,413150,26851981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drkirby,"By far the best ""Harvest Moon"" game available on Steam. A great game, that still periodically gets new features added."
76561198163807484,Recommended,413150,28763096,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Oak,"Stardew Valley. A farming game at first glance, but it goes a lot deeper than just that. Mining, friendships, marriage, and time management are other aspects. First day your are given hand-me-down tools and 15 parsnip seeds. You chop down trees, clear rocks, and hack away at bushes. Maybe meet some people in town. Nice music, interactive towns people, and even arcade games in the saloon. I enjoyed this game as I was learning and later on when I was in my second year. The people in town have so much variety. One person has PTSD, one has drinking problems, and some are just not happy. It does get emotional. I found Stardew Valley to be a really nice game that most people I'm sure will like."
,Recommended,413150,27597617,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aliciapoptart,"If you have ever played any of the Harvest Moon games, then you will like Stardew Valley.And if you have not played any Harvest Moon games then this is a very relaxing farming game.-Stardew Valley is very unique and very thought out. Even though it's similar to Harvest Moon, Stardew Valley is its own game.-The characters have very realistic personalities. All marriage candidates are very unique, so you're bound to find someone you like. You can also marry either sex/gender.-Mining is more exciting with monsters to fight and the further you go down, more loot to be found.-Farming is fun and easy... as long as you have scarecrows so the stupid crows don't eat your money-making crops. AND thank the Lord for the sprinklers in this game.-Fishing is great... once you get the hang of it. (It might take a few seasons but you'll get it, eventually.) Fishing also makes you lots of money for when those stupid crows eat your crops!... Or when you need money to buy that first backpack upgrade. (Cause trust me you're gonna want it, a lot.)-Another great thing is that anything you collect can be used to build or make something. Even trash.I find that once I start playing it's hard to stop and it's one of those games you say to yourself ""Five more minutes"". Which then leads to you playing until 4am. You're welcome. :PLove this game, definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,413150,28459591,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ventriloid,"This game has brought much joy into my life.It's a great way to escape reality or just general interaction with strangers or people you don't feel like talking to.This game is brilliant, and the graphics are stunning.I recommend this game and have bought it for a close friend because we love to talk about it and help eachother."
,Recommended,413150,24680787,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ThisisJebster,Found a complete breakfast in the garbage. Gave it to some guy outside. He loved it. Now we're married. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,28056376,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ninja,"It's like Harvest Moon for the PC, but better. It has more content, better controls, and still feels familiar."
,Recommended,413150,30030278,Posted: 19 February,all,ForkedEntry,Gives lots of Harvest Moon vibes.
,Recommended,413150,27588811,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Explowdia 💦💦,"So I bought this game off of a friends recommendation. After a solid 15 minutes trying to put my lamp back on the coffetable, I was out in the world. Experiencing everything this game has to offer. Planted some crops, watered them, went to sleep, watered them again, my first crop was ready for harvest. The nostalgia of the days on the farm rushed back into my head, I was in love. Shortly After catching my first fish. the thrill and excitement of this compelling game had me hooked. The deep story mixed with endless possibilities. I WAS IN LOVE, until i decided to Cut a tree. CHOP, CHOP, CHOP.  it all fell in the water... Literally unplayable. heh"
,Recommended,413150,28210028,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Eycore,"GOTY for me. On the surface it's a farming simulator with the graphical style of terraria - but it is so much more. It does not break any ground with the farming, or mining, or the combat system. However, it does with the combination of the following:- The AMOUNT of content in the game by one developer.- You can mine, fish, plant various crops, have animals, quest, make friends, craft, build and do much more. You choose what you want to do on your farm!- The community (plus the events), the different characters and their stories. You feel a part of it - which is charming.- Vibrant and colourful artstyle.- Brilliant and catchy soundtrack that changes with the seasons.Negatives are- Can become grindy later on, I find that relaxing, some might not.10/10"
76561198121432240,Recommended,413150,28824112,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Draycogon,One of the most additcive games ever created!
76561198039839438,Recommended,413150,27456131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mosiman,"If you like having free time, do not buy this game.If you want a game you can put down, do not buy this game.If you want a great game, with suprising depth, excellent controls and mechanics, endless replayability, free content additions (1.1 is killing me)... Look no further.You inherit a farm from your grandfather, and after feeling the monotony of the rat race get to you, you decide to give it a go. So, you take the bus to... Stardew Valley.It's up to you what you want to do with the land that now belongs to you. Do you want to raise cute and lucrative farm animals, like chickens, cows, rabbits, pigs, ducks, sheep, and goats? Do you want to focus on growing a large array of bountiful crops? Do you want to spend your energy delving into the mines, deeper and deeper as you combat the hoards of monsters below? Do you want to have a relaxing day with a bobber in the water, seeing what mighty fish you can lure to the surface? Or will you try to balance these out, and find your own way in a world filled with opportunity?There's a whole world to explore, and plenty of friends to make along the way."
,Recommended,413150,28001921,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,★BOBSLÅY,"I cannot even begin to explain how enjoyable this game is. It's just so joyful to play that I don'tknow if I can easily explain it.Graphics are really nice. I like the pixely style. Pixel art style means it can run on practically anything too.Wide variety of stuff to do besides farming such as fishing, foraging and mining.Characters are all memorable and charming in their own way. One of the few games where I can name everyone by appearence alone.Mod support and plenty of mods to choose from."
,Recommended,413150,26858087,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maya,"An extremely endearing game that radiates charm throughout every second I've played it. I recently bought it and therefore I haven't played it a whole lot, but I intend to play it as much as I can. For now I have a hard time imagining myself getting tired of it and can wholeheartedly recommend it if you some time to spare during your days."
76561198070959744,Recommended,413150,26842250,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mar,10/10 amazing
76561198025298620,Recommended,413150,26895437,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JRrays,It's like Harvest Moon but much more versatile.
76561198254891761,Recommended,413150,27235300,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archer_07,This is the best game ever created in the world!!!
76561198187155579,Recommended,413150,28953245,Posted: 2 January,all,I'm Just Fine,"This game is one of the best games I have played. Not only is the artwork and soundtrack amazing, but it immerses you into it's world, leaving you wanting to play more."
,Recommended,413150,29791525,Posted: 8 February,all,Fuchsia,"A very fleshed out game with random events and suprises around every corner its really good, if you ever played harvest moon i would reccomend this as a good game.You can fish, plant and havrest,mine or even forage for supplies.It has a lot of routes and youcand as you wish its really good and something to play while relaxing.i would reccomend this game, so if you like the sound of it get it im sure that you will be happy with your purchase.Hope this helped with your decision.PS: The style art of the game are astonishingly beautiful as pixelated as they are lovely."
,Recommended,413150,21760396,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,JohnRammus,I played Harvest Moon 24/7 as a kid and never dreamed anything could come close to it until 3 years ago when I heard of Stardew Valley. I now cannot get away from this game. I think it is 5x better then Harvest Moon. Cannot wait for updates.
76561198159884174,Recommended,413150,21805445,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ivandapie,I can't stop playing this game (please help)
,Recommended,413150,21586660,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,HuntedNord,tried to give a flower to abigail. accidently ate the flower. tried to give her some quartz. she said she was going to eat it.asked her out for the flower dance. she said no. ended up all alone during the flower dance. 11/10  would accidently eat flower again and be single.
,Recommended,413150,22642281,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Sparrow,"As a kid I really enjoyed playing Harvest Moon: Back to Nature.A few years ago I came across this game called Stardew Valley. The developer was posting screenshots of early stages of the game. It looked really promising.I always wanted a Harvest Moon successor for PC.  I followed the game literally everyday. When it came out I was like ""HELL YEAH!"".It's far better than every harvest moon game combined. I enjoyed every single minute of this game and recommend it to everyone who just wanna sit back, smile and spend the rest of their life playing a peaceful yet addictive game."
,Recommended,413150,25960373,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Heath,After one year in-game I learned that I can give water to my pet.10/10
,Recommended,413150,26793086,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Greedman,"Didn't think that having a virtual farm is so fun! Now I know that to marry a girl you love, you just need to give 2 salads every week :D"
,Recommended,413150,28959459,Posted: 2 January,all,PaulTheCarman,"One of the best games I have ever played. Absolutely recommend to anyone who likes a relaxing, peaceful adventure of mining, exploring, and most dangerous of all, MARRIAGE. 10/10."
,Recommended,413150,28916101,Posted: 1 January,all,bozA,"I met with a girl, I really fell in love and gave her many gifts for weeks. We were doing great as friends, I asked her to dance with me in festival. Interestingly, she accepted. Everthing was going great until I forgot to go festival just because I was playing Stardew Valley.10/10 would waste a relationship before it starts"
76561198122882171,Recommended,413150,27331482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sugar Doughnut,Made me remember of the times I used to play Harvest Moon <3I really have enjoyed this game so much and it never fails to entertain me! n u n
,Recommended,413150,25868748,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Killswitch,"My wife played this....A lot, which is great because it gave me time to do things alone.  However it backfired because not only did she use my computer to play, she streamed it to the tv and was taking up both gaming displays in our house.  Thanks a lot devs /rolls eyes"
,Recommended,413150,27675591,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,キタミ＿アヤト,"THIS GAME JUST SUCKS MY WHOLE TIME. BUT, I DON'T REGRET IT, CUZ I CAN MEET MY PENNY :') (BTW, I already played the cracked version)"
76561198129727173,Recommended,413150,30238422,Posted: 28 February,all,HS | ChickenHair (TradingRL),Amazing!!
76561197985906668,Recommended,413150,21592606,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nozzy,"Played it for hours, loved it. The nostalgia was great, game is beautiful, music is happy and the NPC folks are nice. Then the Dance Festival came around. No one would dance with me. I asked every single NPC and they all rejected me.Suddenly the mood changed, now I feel kind of miserable while I water my plants.10/10 would get rejected by everyone in the village again."
,Recommended,413150,21592630,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Boddam,"In my honest opinion....this is the best game of the year, and that says a lot. This game may seem boring and ""childish"" on the outside, but once you start to play you can't turn the damn game off. No joke, you'll think to yourself ""I'll just sell these last crops, head to bed, save and quit. Who are you kidding, you'll play through another couple of days before reminding yourself again to quit. This is a goldmine for those that are looking for something casual, fun, time consuming, and graphics consuming...Ok maybe not the last part but still, no FPS drops. 10/10"
76561197966125683,Recommended,413150,21594187,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Panda,A great game with an insane amount of content. Having never experienced any previous 'farm life' games (harvest moon) I have not been disappointed at all. The game seems balanced and the developer is very active which is great to see. I look forward to seeing what the developer and the community has in store down the road.
,Recommended,413150,22105886,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,thakyZ,This game is good :thumbsup:
76561198085102240,Recommended,413150,31144118,Posted: 14 April,all,Elf of Rivendell,"I can say that at this point I know stardew valley. My house is finished, I have a wife and kids, My coop and barn are full, and I've made millions. This game is truly amazing. I can't think of a game to equate this to. Its completely its own. Stardew Valley is about life. Theres nothing you HAVE to do. But you want to. I found myself satisfied doing just normal farm work for days on end. The characters are written to be complex but not overwhelming. From the first week of meeting all the villagers I knew who I wanted to marry and the more I knew about them the more I cared. Stardew Valley was like a real place to me and I always want to go back. I have now completed the game questwise and I only have a few achievements left and I plan to do so. I love this game. It's amazing."
,Recommended,413150,31548948,Posted: 4 May,all,V0latileUnic0rn,It would be nice if Steam supported mods on this (like Don't Starve Together) because they have some really cool ones online. Good story. Very well made and overall fun game. Eighty eight hours in send hep. I highly recommend it. =D
,Recommended,413150,33348586,Posted: 7 July,all,Aodhan,"I have never once played this game for shorter than an hour at a time. I ♥♥♥♥ing love it.I brought the doctor coffee every sunday and monday for an entire season, worked my♥♥♥♥♥off mining and farming to earn enough money to upgrade my house, and waited through the entire long, cold winter, then finally, married the love of my life.Harvey and Alex, best gay ship in my armada.10/10 would sleep through an entire winter again"
76561198062986246,Recommended,413150,22698308,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Fr0zenCold,"How I feel about the game:When I saw this game being played a bit, I had mixed feelings. I bought the game like a few weeks ago, and I will have to say it's definitely a great game for singleplayer.Wait just singleplayer? WHY SHULD I BUY GAME1!!?/1!?1/?!1 Chill out jesus crawist.Pros:+ Drags you back in, wanting you to do more.Pretty much saying, even if you stop and feel exhausted, you'll feel you want to play more even if it's a farming game. (It's more that that bud.)+ Can marry a guy or girlIf you're lonely, say no more! This game will allow you to marry any of the 10 canidates. This game does not discriminate any gay person either, so go ahead and marry your same gender! (I don't know all of em, I just know Abigail and Leah lolol)+ You can actually plan each dayThere's a lot to do in the game, so you should create a list of TINY TINY goals every game week or day. Or even in real life. E.g: I want to complete a bundle for the game week.+ Feels like real life (I know shut up fboi)Sounds gay, I know. But as in, you don't like you will fit in the first season or week because you're new to town. Game introduces an Energy bar (ehghghfhre) Which is realistic, because our bodies can take so much exerted energy before we pass out on the ground.+ You don't really DIE.So, usually you die in any game. (CS:GO, Payday 2, etcetc) In Stardew Valley, you don't really DIE. The only outcomes are: Losing items in your inventory (I lost my weapon once), money, and a few levels of the mine. So don't worry if you die!+ A lot of quests, and just in general things to do.The game offers a wide of small quests from villagers and you have a set time to complete. (2 days.) Maybe you're doing nothing, so just go mining or cut some trees! I don't care what you do.+ Skills. Woo.Self explanitory. Every skill has a Bonus on 5 and 10. What you choose is based on what you do. If you want more cash from fishing, get the angler profession.NOT EVERY GAME IS PERFECT!Cons:- When you start out, IT'S EXTREMELY SLOWYour farm looks like a tornado come through and rekt your family and farm. The whole season almost, you just chop trees and cut weeds. It's long and tedious, but you need that stuff anyways.- You're energy is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yeah....You have like, 140 ish energy (Don't count on my judgement) and the only way to get higher energy is these stardrop things that raises your energy. Yeah, pretty bad.- Why do shops close so early?A normal shop opens from 9 AM to 4 PM... I think. But like, i'm chopping trees here... Also, Pierre's is not open on Wednesdays and I need seeds....- After you're married...What next?I mean, if that's just your goal, what should you do next? Just sleep every single day until events?- There's an actual ""endgame"" to this.I mean, to farming and everything, you have more quests and missions to do, but there's not. Just farm and mine. Woo? (Probably in the future there will be.)- For now, Singleplayer is boring after awhile, skype calls makes it better for ME at least.I love to talk, but if not skyping with some friends makes me feel bored and everything. But, the developer said he would add Multiplayer in the future, but god knows how you can add that. Stardew feels SP.- Jesus christ, they take my gifts like nothing, besides birthdays.Yeah, It sucks pretty much trying to make people your friends not on their birthday. IT. TAKES. A. LONG. TIME. if you give them only birthdays, that's slow also. that's why marriage is like increds hard. But that's cool.So what do I think about this game? I actually love it. It makes me want to come back to it some time sooner or later.Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,413150,33242146,Posted: 4 July,all,blueberryBDawg,One of the best games ive played in such a long time...now I want to play it again...
,Recommended,413150,32967592,Posted: 28 June,all,Brynnium|ןור־ןב,"So addictive! Other reviews point out that it is well thought out, unlike the impression you might get by looking at the screenshot gallery on the store page. The music, story, art, characters, and everything is refined and scrumptious. What is especially of note is that though the game is designed with the pixel graphics, it is not whimsical. It is immersive and has serious notes in it; some characters have various kinds of problems. You get to see the town, and your own estate, grow and develop. You feel that your relationship with the characters really deepens over time in a realistic, organic way. This is a very relaxing game. Worth it, no question about it."
,Recommended,413150,22283972,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PurpleTartan,"A cross between Harvest Moon and Legend of Zelda. A very enjoyable game, loads to explore and do, lovely music that matches the seasons perfectly. Definitely recommend!"
76561198145044155,Recommended,413150,33230651,Posted: 4 July,all,maffoohshaw,"A game like no other,progressive,fun,peaceful and all round one of the best games out there."
76561198066496241,Recommended,413150,33208923,Posted: 3 July,all,Venomskull1998,"Great game overall! 9/10 Fun to play hope they add more features soon (like more crops and animals plus multiplayer)! Alittle bit grindy at some times to make money for all the stuff and winters can be kinda boring but I still like all of the things to do in this game! If you like farming, animals, and small villages, (besides the pestering onslaught of a capitalist company intruding on peaceful living) then this game is worth getting!"
,Recommended,413150,33180095,Posted: 3 July,all,MsSupa,Fun little farming game with lots to explore.
76561198189494263,Recommended,413150,33191873,Posted: 3 July,all,lamp,"I'll give you my pros and cons of this game.PROS--Great Time Killer-Fun Progression-8-bit Farming (super fun)-Great Soundtrack-Lots of things to do besides just farm-Lots of cheats/mods for any of you intrested-Now more than one farmCONS--Combat is pretty boring most of the time-Must be patient in waiting for your farm to grow-Also must be patient in chopping down Every. Single. Tree and rock which gets very annoyingOverall: 9/10. I enjoy this game every time I play it, and often force myself to get off. This game is truly made for anyone and it is very easy to catch onto."
76561197985222155,Recommended,413150,21585389,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Moryseth,"Excellent Harvest Moon type game and the only developers is working actively at fixing issue and adding content.I think we have here a game made with love and that will be carried on until no more can be added.I will not list the extend of the content but it is a plentiful, there always something to do or discover.For 16.99 this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ if you like Harvest Moon and enjoy Snes type graphics, it will not disappoint.One last thing, I'm pretty sure the music feature some pieces of old RPG such as Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger. I can recognize something that reminds me of music from these games."
,Recommended,413150,33160344,Posted: 2 July,all,Ms Justine,I L.O.V.E.D.If you had ever played Harvest Moon you will fell great playing SDV.BUY IT.
76561198072162396,Recommended,413150,33197787,Posted: 3 July,all,Kris,"Despite not being much of a 2d pixel game fan, Stardew Valley came to be a very enjoyable game.Stardew Valley is a relatively simple game centred around inherriting your Grandpa's old farm and moving there after becoming dissatisfied with a 9-5 job. At the beginning, the farm is completely overgrown and the task of clearning the land may seem daunting at first. You later come to learn of an old community centre which you must chose to either restore or have given to JoJa. You'll have to learn to balance both time and energy when tending to your crops, exploring the mines, looking for artifacts, socialising with the people of Stardew Valley, and finding many of Stardew Valley's hidden secrets.After spending over 90 hours playing Stardew Valley I can comfortable recommend this game to anyone looking for a something to play that's relaxing, offers some creativity and is on the whole easy to learn and still remains very enjoyable after completing the end game."
,Recommended,413150,21655727,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,FunkyBassBuddy,"This is what happens when Terraria and Harvest Moon have sweet, sweet relations. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,33208303,Posted: 3 July,all,-Skizza,If you want to spend all of your spare time in a simulation for the next few weeks? Give this a go!
,Recommended,413150,33211835,Posted: 3 July,all,Cheesesdk,I think my hours playing the game says enough
,Recommended,413150,33142971,Posted: 2 July,all,Nadimaloha4 (Nick.:ACE),"I cant wait for the multiplayer!!! It's on sale for 8€, and im in love wih the Mayors underwear X_X i want to smell them sooooooo badly!!! sooooo JUST BUY IT.  <3."
76561198081288012,Recommended,413150,33210739,Posted: 3 July,all,pronhub,best game ever
,Recommended,413150,29082337,Posted: 7 January,all,CreepyHood,"Feeling like I playing modern Harvest Moon on PC. Story: you have own your grandfather's farm in Stardew Valley for a new life, you need to learn about people's lives, your house, tools and relationships, explore the dungeon and grown the farm fieldPros:+Fun gameplay at first+Nice soundtrack+Nice minigames+Different event seasonsCons:-Harvest Moon confirmed-Boring when done everything-Doesn't has interesting enough update-No multiplayer (Upcoming)-Waste your time so much-Cat and dog are usless"
,Recommended,413150,29914561,Posted: 13 February,all,boytoads,"Incredibly worth every penny!Escapism at its finest, honestly. Nothing beats a nice evening with Stardew Valley, either listening to the beautiful in-game music or one of my favorite podcasts. No play session is a short one- the days are perfectly paced to give enough time for tasks but still leave certain things unfinished. It has enough story to keep certain players interested while not being too story-heavy for those who just prefer the gameplay.I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Minecraft or similar sandbox games and is looking for more structure."
76561198017513633,Recommended,413150,21795737,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,wus good ?!,I like it10/10
,Recommended,413150,21824028,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,grayMatter32,"Out of the 200+ games in my library this is the first game I'm writing a review for. 28 hours into this game and I still have yet to build a coop or do any animal farming. I still have yet to cook a single recipe in my kitchen. I've barely begun befriending any of the townspeople. There are at least entire areas of the map that I haven't been able to access yet. There are just so many other engaging parts of this game that've completely occupied my time.In 28 hours I've only experienced one graphical glitch and not a single crash.After 28 hours I haven't even gotten to the winter season.Clearly I really, really love this game. The graphics are wonderful. The gameplay is addicitive.Here are some minor complaints I have:Walking around the map gets slightly tiring after a while, butonce you unlock the minecart fast travel system it's much better!Some of the quests are pretty frustrating to finish without consulting the wiki. Personally I have no problem with this, but it might turn some players off.It's not completely obvious what the range on certain items is (e.g. scarecrows)It takes an enormously long time for some machines to process items. For example, making jam takes forever.On a similar note, the machines I've encountered can only process one item at a time which is pretty annoying. I want to be able to shove ten trash items in my recycler and get 10 raw materials out. I don't want to have to make 10 recyclers to process ten trash items in a reasonable amount of time. Maybe there are higher grade machines that do exactly this? I don't know.After 28 hours, that list is the best I can come up with. Stardew Valley is a game I can highly recommend."
,Recommended,413150,21536850,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Cithryth,"PROS- Gender doesn't matter for romancing people- Customize your character- Natural-feeling story and events- Build your farm however you want- Cute pixel style and beautiful color schemes- Level-up mechanic is good, based on what you actively doCONS- Fishing can be pretty tricky for some people (lots of clicking)- You can't romance everyone in town- All the upgrades feel overwhelming at times- It hurts your feelings when no one wants to dance with you at the Flower Dance :("
,Recommended,413150,23813437,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,✰Lime✰,"Fantastic game! It's super relaxing, and offers a lot for the player to do. Love the music too.Can't wait for the next update!"
76561198067772446,Recommended,413150,22366870,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Casual Gamer,this game will make you a better person
,Recommended,413150,22128674,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,shev,you can catch soda while fishing in the ocean
,Recommended,413150,25582539,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Salty Rain,"Fun, playful, intuitive and all round very cleverStardew Valley was game I had never heard about until it's release and I'd never really played another game anything like it. I bought it as a random thing because I had $10 on my account and it was on sale. It sat in my library for a few months untouched.When I first played the game, i had accumulated 40 in 3 weeks. I was completely hooked. I loved the simplicity of it and how relaxing it was to play. However, I found that after about a month i was burnt out from it and the game was actually making me stress out. I was worried about crop growing times and if preparing whole days before hand to run out in the morning straight to the mines to try and get as deep in them as i could. This was ruining it for me. So I took a break and came back to it about 2 months later.Since then I have started to enjoy the game a lot more and I'm not taking it too seriously and just playing it as a fun game. I really really enjoy Stardew Valley and don't really have any other game to compare it to. It's very cute and the options are endless.I would recommend Stardew Valley to whoever wants just a really relaxing, meditative single-player game. And as long as you don't stress out too much about making the most of every minute of every in-game day it will stay a chill game."
,Recommended,413150,26565823,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dancalow,"when i want to be a somebody, i play this game. The gameplay is very good, and very funny. i enjoy this game very much. forget about the resolution, we talk about gameplay."
,Recommended,413150,21832711,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Juicy,It's the Dark Souls of dating sims.9/11 would get rejected again.
76561198102035776,Recommended,413150,21839304,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,WitcherGeralt,"I just got this game, and so far I can see myself playing this game for years to come. I've never been into Harvest Moon or games like this...until now. Every day when my farmer wakes up I have to make decisions: do I mine, do I farm, do I fish, do I forage, do I just hang out in the city, do I cultivate the fields? There are so many options to choose from while playing. It isn't just a farm game. It is a rpg sandbox. Farm, forage, mine, fish...do what you want to do. Currently I am only in year 1, Fall. I am excited to see what this game brings within the next few seasons, and the more I unlock.I will recommend this game to everyone that enjoys a true rpg sandbox game.12/10"
,Recommended,413150,23886409,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KitKat,"Definitely worth buying even without any sales.This is my first entry into this type of games, I've never played Harvest Moon before.The game is oddly addicting, yet I can't really explain why.The game have great amount of content, bringing me pleasant surprises everytime. Still it starts to fade away when it reaches year 2 and following.It also kinda reminds me of the days that I was playing Restaurant City on facebook, the way I decorate my restaurant feels exactly like how I now decorate my farm.One of my best purchase in steam."
76561198131795346,Recommended,413150,23708467,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ryanizawsum,"This game is amazing. Everything is so calming, and there are lots of things that remind me of other games. The music is like Earthbound's, the sprites are like Terraria's, just to name a few. I haven't experienced any glitches and the game is still in development. They also expect to add multiplayer, which will be great. This game is amazing overall, and i recommend it to anyone looking for a casual gaming experience."
,Recommended,413150,23721223,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,amelia ☼,"> gives girl quartz> ""Hey, how'd you know I was hungry?""> runs for dear life back to farm> loads stardew valley"
,Recommended,413150,23799344,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,vox,"So, I bought it yesterday and I played 16 hours straight, nonstop. 10/10 would spend a whole day playing it."
76561198187572078,Recommended,413150,22114343,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,STORI3D PAST Productions,"An absolute gem. At first it seems like such a simple little time-killer, but it keeps branching out, getting deeper & wider & more interesting. The controls and systems are confusing at first, but once you know who the people are and how to interact with the world, it's just constant fun. I love the fishing mini-game -- it's the best fishing system I've played. I love that there are multiple ways to collect items that you need for upgrades, and so many ways to choose to spend your day. I sometimes wish the time didn't fly so quickly, I do often feel rushed to get stuff done. In a way, I like that the whole town goes on a couple holidays a season; it forces you to take a day off too and just enjoy the game world. Great stuff."
76561198080725646,Recommended,413150,21650154,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bepis,"Clint the black smith wanted seaweed for a taco he wanted to make.Got Clint his seaweed, gave me 60G and said he really appreciated it. Got a heart.Gave him another one for free.Said it made him depressed.Lost the heart."
,Recommended,413150,21827175,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,muscle toad,it took us till 2k16 to get a farming/mining/combat/fishing/animal crossing sim that you can be gay in10/10 <3
,Recommended,413150,21735633,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,A COOL AND POWERFUL SKELETON,"This game helped me get over my dissociation with real life by eliminating real life all together.All that matters now is Leah, and blueberries... sweet sweet blueberries....."
76561198252412008,Recommended,413150,25313778,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TankRank,Very Fun and really addicting and a bit easy to mod love to play but I need to make be go outsideonce in a while
,Recommended,413150,21602559,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[-BeAvEr-],Yeah I got it..... One more day
76561198305473756,Recommended,413150,25549827,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Clumsy Cat,"This game reminds me of Harvest Moon. So, if you are looking for a farming game that is like Harvest Moon, I recommend you guys to try Stardew Valley :) . . .10/10"
,Recommended,413150,25586371,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Kisslukt och bajsätande <3,It's addicting when you start playing you can't stop!
,Recommended,413150,27585906,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Munry,"Seriously how can you hate having your own farm and being able to marry the love of your life? After playing Stardew Valley, I don't need my own life anymore. I'm happy and comfortable here. Now let me be, I got crops to harvest."
,Recommended,413150,27401435,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,meeple,"This game makes farming - planting, harvesting, caring for crops - more fun than is reasonable. Hours played: Plenty, yet not enough. So addictive."
,Recommended,413150,24368995,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ekusudesu,List of the best Super Nintendo games ever made:Chrono TriggerFinal Fantasy IIIThe Legend of Zelda: A Link to the PastMega Man XSecret of ManaStardew ValleySuper Mario WorldSuper Metroid
,Recommended,413150,21722707,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,emphatiK,I've stopped playing all other games.  My farm needs me.
,Recommended,413150,21724655,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Peregrine,"The game has something no AAA title has been able to deliver in years... Charm.It's just dripping, oozing and overflowing with it. This is a game with so much character and truly dedicated attention to detail, I wish I could give it a hug, and tell it how special it is.It's an ode to that marvelous old farming game which sings with a delightful glee that reminds you so much of why you pine for the founding era of game design.A one-man developer has produced what feels like it could have been done with an army of artists and designers. Bravo, ConcernedApe."
,Recommended,413150,21775917,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Double,it's like harvest moon with swords
,Recommended,413150,21601004,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SeaHacking,Yes. This game. This is the one. This is it. Buy it.
76561198047420620,Recommended,413150,22794830,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Willanolex,"only had it for little over 6hrs, such an amazing game no matter how you play it, it is just so awesome!"
,Recommended,413150,28176913,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Willow,"As a big fan of the Harvest Moon games, I was skeptical of Stardew Valley at first. I can however say that this game exceeded my expectations! It is a must buy for anyone with a love for cute pixelated RPG's and a knack for farming, mining, raising animals, foraging, etc.Can't stop playing!"
,Recommended,413150,21823836,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,bayeknyariza,"ITS A ♥♥♥♥ING HARVEST MOON ON A STEROID, WHAT A NOSTALGIC HEROIN GAMEPLZ HALP"
,Recommended,413150,21792227,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,human after all,help i haven't done my homework for algebra in the past week thanks to this game
76561197999150791,Recommended,413150,21808632,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mdage,"Can't review, to busy playing."
,Recommended,413150,21583790,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,CarGuyGamer,"ive been waiting for a game like this for years, extremely similar to harvest moon 64/ Harvest moon back to nature, two of the best harvest moon games imo, both came out in 1999, so ive been waiting a while, but this game keeps the good things from harvest moon and expands greatly on it with out any ill effects. it other words it's awesome, buy it"
,Recommended,413150,21584648,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Killaman,"There's a AAA title that just came out, I pre-ordered it forever ago and was super excited for it...it sits there unused because I'd rather be playing this."
,Recommended,413150,21616857,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Wabbehkus,"After over 350 hours played I think I am qualified to post a review about the game I have had the pleasure to watch grow and develop since 2012.(Yes my record does read a lot less than 350 hours, but I can assure you Steam has definitely messed up there.)Stardew Valley is the best example that I can think of that has a developer that truly has a passion for their game.Eric has provided constant updates about the development of the game through dev posts on the Stardew Valley website and replies to the many questions people have had on various forums.The changes from reveal to release are very visible, just have a look at the old trailer, the new trailer and the newest trailer.But enough about the development of Stardew Valley, what is it like now? Was it worth the wait?In short, perfect and yes, it was worth the wait.Stardew Valley is a vibrantly beautiful Harvest Moon-like game with loveable characters, great gameplay and one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard in any game. This all bundles together to make Stardew Valley an extremely addictive experience that is, though inspired by Harvest Moon, offers a greater sense of enjoyment any of the Harvest Moon games could ever create.ConcernedApe, you have created one of the best games I have ever played and for that, I thank you.Stardew Valley 10/10Other games to try if you liked Stardew Valley because of theGraphics: To the Moon, Starbound and Harvest Moon.Gameplay: Harvest Moon."
,Recommended,413150,21598465,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Flam,If you are like me and are a die hard Harvest Moon fan this game will just blow you away it feels nearly identical its fun its relaxing and there is no panic involved now if your looking for something that you can blow through in a few hours sadly this isn't for you i have spent 9 straight hours enjoying this game and i just finished the first season this is a game that will eat your time and make you love every second of it.
76561198066936114,Recommended,413150,21606121,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Ben Witterdoe,This game is so great! The only complaint I have for it is....27/28 people met
,Recommended,413150,21631704,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,P0pcorn969,Beautiful game in every aspect.
,Recommended,413150,21642430,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,sess,"This game has ruined my relationships with normal people, but on the other hand my new friends in the valley are very supportive in this difficult time."
76561198070682663,Recommended,413150,21557215,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Surtle Tage,♥♥♥♥ you Shane.
,Recommended,413150,21559514,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,DoM,This game is just amazing. Easily worth $15. I'm almost at 40 hours played and I purchased it 3 days ago... It's inspiring to see that only one developer made everything we see and hear in this game. Kudos to you and I hope this game changes your life for the better now that it's released. Now I Must get back to farming!
,Recommended,413150,22367669,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Aegeri,"Stardew Valley scratches every single itch I've ever wanted from a game like this. It combines all of the happy memories I have of the excellent SNES Harvest Moon games, with modern design sensibilities and a bit of animal crossing thrown in. Combined with the fact I enjoy that characters of either gender can marry whomever they want (you can have straight or gay marriages in game if you wish), which is something the Harvest Moon games didn't do, I am pretty happy overall.By far what sets this game as special to me is the compelling ""Just one more day"" gameplay it inspires, where every in game day has numerous things to do and no overarching demands on you to do something specific. Do you feel like going and doing some light RPGish combat in the mines? Prefer a day of quiet fishing? How about talking to people in town and gifting them various presents to build your friendships or relationships? Building a massive and elaborately designed farm with numerous automated sprinkles, cobbled paths and similar? It's entirely up to you and the game isn't putting pressure on you to do something it wants specifically! I like this relaxing pace, especially compared with other action games I'm playing concurrently, making Stardew Valley a nice game to sit down to play and actually take my mind off things.Another thing I love is the amount of secrets, interesting mechanics to discover - including a twin stick shooting game within the game itself - new places to explore, interesting interactions with different grown vegetables and so on. There is so much to explore and find in this game, that even after playing it for more than 20 hours it still introduces new ideas and mechanics. This is a great thing and something I really enjoy from a game like this, so I'm definitely going to be playing more of Stardew Valley well into the future. Honestly, I really recommend this game and if you have any kind of fond memories of the old Harvest Moon games it's an absolute must from me to get."
,Recommended,413150,22649056,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Waterealms,I had this game for 4 days and played it for 30 hours.Halp
,Recommended,413150,23008421,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ember,11/10 would get rejected by every single person at the flower dance again
,Recommended,413150,23872592,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,InfinityBox,Soul Consuming... perfect 5/7
76561197977093356,Recommended,413150,23910034,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DrObvious,"This is very much Harvest Moon for the PC, and that will be a wonderful or terrible thing, depending on your view of Harvest Moon or farming games in general.  If you're completely unfamiliar, well, the story basically goes like this: you inherit an old, run-down farm from your grandfather, and it is up to you to restore it to its former glory and.... well, do whatever you please, really.  Farm, fish, forage, mine, raise animals, or just fill your time with decorating your ranch and house to your liking.  There is a strange appeal to this kind of game for me; yes, it can sometimes get repetitive, but it is one of the best games to relax to that I've seen in quite some time."
,Recommended,413150,28133214,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Nakor88,"This game is amazing and continues to become more amazing. I play this game to feel warm and fuzzy inside or find a happy place. They recently did a big update that added so much to the game made it so much better. I heard they are continuing to work on it so I'm looking forward to that as well.If as I said you want to find a happy place, or perhaps you enjoyed Harvest moon years ago. I suggest looking at this game and seeing if it's your thing. I've seen complaints about graphics or the sound track which I think both are fine but some don't. So if your big into graphics or something look before you buy.But for what this is I think it's worth a buy. Great work by the dev."
76561198104854862,Recommended,413150,21786065,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Elumis,One of the best game i ever play-Feel like i playing Harvest Moon with killing mob system-Impossible to stop playing once you have start playing it!-Wish to have more event exclusive item during festival. Etc : Golden PumpkinOverall- 9/10
,Recommended,413150,28575912,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,vloktboky,Love this game. It's like Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing combined.
,Recommended,413150,26251985,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,IronTesla,A very enjoyable and addictive game. It' ll give you hours of fun.
76561198075330616,Recommended,413150,32273994,Posted: 8 June,all,Kuroshachi,"Are you tired of toxic players?Are you tired of being salty?You want a game that healing your wounds?healing the PAIN!healing the HEART!definitely this game.Genji, recommended for you!Because you.... ""need healing!"""
,Recommended,413150,32739006,Posted: 24 June,all,sync,Say goodbye to your social life and hello farmer life.
,Recommended,413150,26942696,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chattox,"It's all the great stuff you remember from the old Harvest Moon games, just on PC, and better. Literally cannot fault anything about this game."
,Recommended,413150,32744170,Posted: 24 June,all,Your Archnemesis Tom,"This game cleared my skin, watered my crops, and cured my depression."
,Recommended,413150,21800227,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Pinstar,"To quote my friend whom I got into this game: ""Dude, I'm addicted to digital farming and it is not OK.""A game that allows a VERY diverse array of play styles, has a strong positive feedback loop that keeps you engaged for the long term and has a ton of heart. Much respect to ConcernedApe for his dedication to creating this masterpiece of a game.At $15, this game is 100% worth the price of entry. No need to wait for a sale.There is something pure hearted about Stardew Valley that brings me back to my days of playing the early Harvest Moon games. As the Harvest Moon series developed and evolved, it drifted away from the original premise and set pieces that made it great.Stardew Valley is a return to form as a spiritual successor. The characters are memorable, the farming rewarding and satisfying, the mysteries and hidden threads in the game compelling enough to seek them out...I'm a YouTuber. At the time of this writing this has been the most successful series on my channel, and even after 136 episodes, I still don't tire of the game.Worth every penny and makes a GREAT gift."
,Recommended,413150,30204151,Posted: 26 February,all,Yowie17,"I have been enjoying this game ever since I got it it is fun involving and reminds me of some of the classics. All round good buy and Highly suggested. What are you waiting for, buy it, and get back to the farm. But remember the goal is not money, if it was Joja would be the winner.P.S. Joja has a zombie as a clerk, she is in there from 6am to 5am if you stay in there that long."
,Recommended,413150,26886752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,error-,"After hitting 100 hours, this game is everything I wanted and more. The gameplay gives me reminisce of Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing. Tons of stuff to offer and many goals to strive for. Although it can be sometimes be hectic, trying to plan out your day on the farm, it is very rewarding and satisfying. The dev still is working on the game and plans to add on multiplayer which I will look foward to in the future. Stardew Valley is a game which I'll come back to every now and then. A worthy game to pick up when on sale. :)"
,Recommended,413150,26982505,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Who stole my fruit snacks?,"Stardew Valley pulls a page from games like Harvest Moon and develops on it. In the quaint town you've arrived in, you'll lose countless hours to farming, mining, combat, and developing relationships with the various townfolk (Maybe even snatching up a husband or wife!)"
76561198058150873,Recommended,413150,32865128,Posted: 27 June,all,Kulota,A good casual game to balance out any competitive games you play.
,Recommended,413150,23983750,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,red_queen25,"I suppose I don't have to say a lot about the game itself. It's Harvest Moon 2.0, only better.You start with barely anything and slowly work your way up to a big, flourishing farm. Pick your own pace and your own goals, or try and achieve a certain set of goals before the end of year two for a surprise. No matter what you choose, the game will, at some point, make you go ""just one more day... wait, when did it become 2 am?!""The game is based on a year-long cycle (four months with 28 days each) that determines which crops you can plant and which tasks you can fulfill. The second year offers a handful of extra crops to plant and introduces a new character as well to keep things interesting. Aside from farming, fishing and fighting monsters in the mines to get those precious gold bars, socialising is a big part of the game. The townspeople are fairly diverse in their personalities (if not much else). Among the romancable characters, everyone should find their romantic match, if they so desire. The gameplay is not restricted by your choice; same-sex couples have all the options hetero couples have, including having kids (by adoption). This goes for character creation as well. All options are open to all characters, which is a nice little thing to have in a game where you create your own protagonist.That said, it can get a little repetitive when you play long sessions, but the day-by-day save system lets you hop in and out easily. The key is knowing what the game has to offer and remember to not only ever do the most profitable tasks. That might make you rich, but quickly leads to monotony. There is a slight but noticeable imbalance here, making the less ""boring"" (i.e. non-repetitive) tasks also somewhat less profitable/efficient. But ultimately, there is an ""ideal"" playstyle in every game, and it's a matter of knowing that there are other things to do as well. Though if a relaxing, easy game that requires little involvement is what you want after an exhausting day, Stardew Valley's got you covered.The developer is fairly active and still planning a variety of additions, including new areas and content. Mods can be added fairly easily and provide more gameplay in the meantime. That does not mean the game is still ""basically early access"", but rather a finished core product with potential to add more to it as time goes by. Overall, at 14€ (currently just over 11€ during Steam Sale), the game is a real bargain for the entertainment it offers."
76561198145446944,Recommended,413150,26153159,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Olian,"One of the best indie games you will ever play in your entire life.This game doesn't even need an analysis.It's a simulator, it has combats against monsters, relationship between characters and you take care - the way you want - of your own farm.My favorite game still."
,Recommended,413150,32668282,Posted: 22 June,all,Babe Ruthless,Probably the only game I'll ever write a review for.Great game!!!Everything about it therapeutic.
76561198122793030,Recommended,413150,32702990,Posted: 23 June,all,Alex Straza,"+Cool little town to explore.+Good game to play to chill+Multiple ways to play and enjoy-Female characters feel less developed than the male ones-Repetitive/Grindy at times-Seasons feel long when you're trying to get certain items.If you like farming games at all, Stardew Valley should be in your collection!"
,Recommended,413150,25860228,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Tamias,"I've waited 16 years for a true successor to my beloved Harvest Moon franchise (In my eyes, HM: Back to Nature was the last truly great HM title) and thanks to ConcernedApe I now have it. This game takes all the magic of those 90's Harvest Moon games, and improves upon it in nearly every way. Even after all these months, having purchased the game during the first week of release, I'm still amazed at just how good this game really is. If you had told me a year ago that my favorite game of 2016 would be a retro-style indie farming game literally made by ONE person, I'd have called you crazy.With that, I come to ConcernedApe. Eric Barone (a.k.a. ConcernedApe) is a shining example of what indie development should be. This man spent four years making this game in his spare time while working as a theatre usher after graduating college. If that weren't enough, he worked on this project alone. The art style, the music, the writing, and the game mechanics are all flawless to the point of disbelief that one person was responsible for it all. He also refused to put Stardew Valley into Steam's Early Access program and refused pre-order payments because of his philosophy that paying customers should receive a completed game. As someone who has been burned many times by both pre-orders and the Early Access program, I cannot applaud that sentiment enough.The bottom line is this: Buy this game. It's an amazing experience, and you'll be supporting a rising star in the indie world who actually deserves it. As for Eric, my guess is that he won't have to waste his tremendous talent working as an usher anymore."
76561198055173196,Recommended,413150,32869821,Posted: 27 June,all,The22Over7,"This is one of my favorite games on Steam. If you have ever played a Harvest Moon you should by this game.  Not only is it a fantastic farming sim, but it has so much more to offer such as a great soundtrack, fun and challenging dungeons, and a lot of secrets."
76561198007942393,Recommended,413150,21559423,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,bobloki,Absolutely Fantastic.
,Recommended,413150,27200153,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hip Marion Moseby,This game is amazing. I've been playing since I got it and it's a great way to relax and get away from the stress in life. You'll find yourself caring about the townspeople and trying to build the best farm because you want to. The game has incredible charm and the stories of each character are well written and interesting. In the end it's very fun to play. 10/10 from me.
76561198293460308,Recommended,413150,26034000,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,kiel.fredrickson,"Absolutely phenomenal. Thisis the game Harvest Moon fans have wanted since the good ol' 64 days. I feel like that series peaked around 64, Friends of Mineral Town, and A Wonderful Life, and never really regained any ground or made any innovative choices. The writing here is MUCH better than the HM series, the gameplay is FAR more intuitive, and I've found it super easy to play with an XBox controller so I can be lazy and avoid my keyboard. The sheer breadth of things you can do and unlockables is astounding; I've been glued to this game at every opportunity. Awesome to pick up and put down or to just lavish all of your time over. HIGHLY recommend."
76561198172041818,Recommended,413150,26416432,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bananenflo,"Stardew Valley... Dont know where I should start. It's a great game if you like this indie graphics. I've played it a lot and i can realy recommend it. Even after hours of playing the game, it gets never boring. And for this price it is one of the best indie-games I know. Sometimes I played a whole night, just because it binded me so hard. If you want a game on a scale like Skyrim or Fallout 4( if you lock at the quests and sidequests) you should buy it.lol"
,Recommended,413150,24004935,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Burntoast2000,"SummaryI went into Stardew Valley with the hopes of getting another Harvest Moon. From the start I was biased and critical as that's what tends to happen when playing with nostalgia. That said, Stardew Valley wasn't another Harvest Moon, it was something more.  Building upon the framwork of the faming RPG genre (My best description of Harvest Moon), Stardew Valley carries the traits of it's forerunners while adding onto the formula in ways that kept me engaged and entertained. The world is filled with just as much character and charm as I expected with a few extra tidbits thrown in to round off the expierience.ProsCharacters that feel flushed out with routines that reflect their personalitiesA fun farming simulater at worst if everything else isn't your cup of teaMultiple professions to take part inAn RPG-like skill progression system to make progression deeper through unlocks and branching skill choicesA Nice sense of pacing throught the gameConsTime is restricted by penalising the player for staying up until 2am. While sleep is a vital part of life I didn't enjoy the lack of a nocturnal element to the game, (Fishing under the stars without paying a large medical bill). I think a good compromise would be to temporarly half the player's energy bar for every night without sleep, leaving the penalties out of missing a night's sleep.The dungeoneering is really enjoyable but it feels shallow compaired to rest of the game.At the tail stages of the game- ~75% of the way through- progression slows down considerably leaving most days empty slogs.(I hear more late game content is comming though!)The winter season suffers from the previous problem to a greater degree due to it's lack of crop engagement,Final WordThe problems I've encountered from Stardew Valley are mainly a symptom of running out of content with my ~50hrs of playtime. With that said I'm sure you can see why I reccomend this game. There is a lot to do in Stardew Valley and with multiplayer support and steam workshop a lingering force I would say It's a must have for anyone who wants a casual way to spend their time."
76561197971341820,Recommended,413150,30659854,Posted: 21 March,all,t0bi.,dat is gut
76561198159413390,Recommended,413150,26198006,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,WOTH.LittleBunny,"Bought the game, spent 9 hours on it and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my parents off for not studying. 10/10 will do it again tomorrow."
,Recommended,413150,22639831,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Traitorous Apple,ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND THIS BEAUTY!
76561198314031623,Recommended,413150,23902541,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nordenboy,"I really recomend this game, it is simple and fun game. There is so much to do in this game... Farming, fishing, mining, fighting monsters and many more. And the pixel graphics is very nice, i love it."
,Recommended,413150,31513443,Posted: 2 May,all,Flower9TrashNugget,I luv this game with all my hearts. 10/10 would buy this game.
76561198008559267,Recommended,413150,21534343,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Id.Huntthedarkness,This game reminds me of good o' days!!
,Recommended,413150,31670292,Posted: 10 May,all,taiyoctopus,"A masterpiece.In a post minecraft time when nobody thought that would happen again. Someone does it again.But this time they create something while not 100% original (heavily influenced by harvest moon) perfected to stand out on its own and written/drawn/crafted with a singular purpose and it delivers.The success of Eric Barone aka ConcernedApe is what dreams are based on both for aspiring hobby/indy game devs and the customers(pcgamermasterrace &lesser console serfs) looking to find another great game to play.This game is simply a good buy.I'm at 135 hours played for stardew.w/ a steam library of 600+ games. I can say not many of them break 100 hours... Maybe 20 or 30 games have. I consider them all good or great games. This is a great game, don't miss out."
,Recommended,413150,28549612,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,メイ,Probably one of the best Farming games I've played in a while!
76561198135976648,Recommended,413150,21990721,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mepsy,"Just bought, Having a blast so farMy favorite thing to do is act like the town drunk/hobo1. Get Drunk2. Pick Trash in front of people3. Gift people Broken CD's, Trash and Seaweed4. Dig/hoe out a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in your garden5. Name Farm after someting Phallic6. Complan no one in town likes me.7. Blow self up kamakze style with cherry bombs and kill self.8. No one shows up at funeral9. Cry and reload save file and do it again 10/10 Hobo Sim"
76561197998718279,Recommended,413150,31653607,Posted: 9 May,all,l33tspock,Better than rune factory 4.Please port this to mobile or DS!
76561198243250910,Recommended,413150,28825183,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Matt,One of the best game out there. Fun game to chill with :)
,Recommended,413150,30471283,Posted: 12 March,all,CuddlyDino900,"I absolutley love this game! Whenever I have free time, it's my number one go to nowadays. I love how you can interact with all of the townspeople, as well as dating most of them. The wizard's basement has a thing in it that allows you to change what your person looks like and that's so awesome!! I definitley recommend this game, whether you're just trying to pass the time or are looking for a fun game. :)"
,Recommended,413150,23147895,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,pauge,I wish I could unplug my brain from real life and thrust myself into this universe where my sole purpose is to farm and reproduce only twice for all eternity. 7/10
76561198257272400,Recommended,413150,31454135,Posted: 29 April,all,Kaboomers,This game is very fun and very adorable!!!!
,Recommended,413150,23750027,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chucken,"Another game that stole my soul :vWell.. This game, is like a drug. If you decide to play this game, be careful, cuz one hour turns into whole day.So.Pros+This is simulator of Farming, Fighting, Flirting and more+Better than harvest moon+Update 1.1 is coming+Interesting quests+Awesome soundtracks+4 seasons+alot of mystery etc.+You can have a 5 girlfriends ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)+This game is the thief of timeConsnull10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22210438,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bear,Best $17 I've ever spent. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,24354689,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Pastor Toto,"Spended over 100hrs in the game, So i'd probably make a review on it.So overall this game is just really fun, You can do what you want, If you wanna mine then go mining ,If you want to go fishing then go fishing, If you just want to plant and farm your crops then do that, There's nothing stopping you to do what you want, Cause you can just do it the next day after, or once your done with what your doing, And also the best thing about this game is that, You can just play for hours and hours and not getting tired of what your doing.Don't forget to vote for this game on theSteam Awards 2016Thanks for reading my review."
,Recommended,413150,23734107,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bartzbuddy,"This game has taught me how to mod.  I have a Raptor that I can majestically ride around the town, and in lieu of a dog or cat, I have a pet BB-8.Also you can farm and fish and date dudes/dudettes (even a geovore, this game has it all).In all seriousness, this game is beyond chill, and it's easy to get immersed in its simply world and charms."
,Recommended,413150,22417229,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Leevoh,"I got married and she treats me like a worried grandmother, good stuff!10/10"
,Recommended,413150,23948115,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SenorWaffles,"Ok so let's get it out of the way, YES this game is inspired a bit by the popular game franchiseHarvest Moonand it shows a little, but don't let that stop you from considering this game to be welcomed into the coziness of your Steam Library. This game has so much more to offer than what you could ever possibly imagine. In fact starting anew in this game feels... Overwhelming to say the least! You'll constantly hear voices in your head saying ""THERES SO MUCH TO DO"" and ""WHAT?! THE DAY IS OVER ALREADY"" oh and don't forgot this one ""WHAT HAPPENED TO MY ENERGY? I WANTED TO DO MORE TODAY! NOOOO!"" It's things like this that make this game shine bright, in the beginning your constantly finding new things and it's awesome. Its really spaced out to make you want to know what's around the next corner or what secret you may find or what new items you may get that'll help your farming adventure in this world. There's not much I can say more about the game, you can do literally everything in this game. There's mining, crafting, farming, you even have an equipment screen, a hint of a combat system, and a big incentive on making friendships and building a life in Stardew Valley. You'll just have to play and find out the story and what your missing out on of you aren't already considering this game."
,Recommended,413150,27035014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Snufkin,"""Just 5 more minutes"" simulator."
,Recommended,413150,29684943,Posted: 3 February,all,beccArt,"This game made me fall in love with a depressed chicken man, 10/10 best game."
,Recommended,413150,21643682,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cake ♡,I am more invested in this game than I am with any of my actual responsibilities.
76561198040004844,Recommended,413150,21620744,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,EmperorQin,My chickens are hungry because i didn't know I have to manually feed them.Just play and learn on your mistakes.
76561198146316534,Recommended,413150,21835723,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ted,"I thought everyone likes ice cream.On a positive note this game is very addictive. It has a slow start, which has it positives and negatives. I do believe that there is a need for some additional content, mainly for late game purposes."
,Recommended,413150,22245944,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Nova,Any game where I can convince someone to marry me with duck feathers and mayonnaise is a good game in my book.
,Recommended,413150,21718056,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Puzz Puzz,Amazingly Relaxable and Fun game IMO.It all reminds me of Haverest Moon i've been playing on Gamecube.I am also amazingly impressed of how fast this games popularity has been grownand it has been out for about 2 Weeks now.I highly Recommending this game if u want to Relax.
,Recommended,413150,21687428,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DustyPubes,Dear christ it's good
,Recommended,413150,21555395,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Number4429,I spent the first two seasons farming and then decided to mine. I was murdered by a wizard and two shadow people.I was violated and I loved every second of it.
,Recommended,413150,21532641,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mike Dawson,"GOOD GAME, VERY MUCH LIKE HARVEST MOON!!! ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,413150,21532750,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Monocle Walrus,Literally a PC Harvest Moon. It's awesome
,Recommended,413150,21901176,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,MouseyKnight,"This game is charming, gentle and surprisingly addictive. The retro feel is like a home comfort; familiar ground to those of us with a few more winters under our belts than others.The gameplay seems smooth and well thought-out, lots to do and to explore. It's also very convenient to play short or long sessions, depending on your time limitations.all in all a very classy farming and village life simulator.It could possibly use a dungeon crawling overhaul to make that a little more fruitful in-game but that's my only real negative.Buy this!!"
,Recommended,413150,21756428,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Manwithoutplan,"Gotta say, I love this game. Perfect combination of Zen and real objectives. If you at all enjoyed any of the Harvest Moon or Rune Factory series, this is an instant buy.I will say that the game can feel lacking in post game content-things like marrying the harvest goddess (or witch) from Harvest Moon are missing; those ridiculously difficult hidden accomplishments and the like. Marriage also has some minor issues, which have been slightly fixed a bit after the time of writing.All that being said, the game is excellent, and the single(!) developer, Concerned Ape, has talked about fixing the few issues that have provoked complaint. The man is actually a little ridiculous, a week of release and he's been fixing bugs nonstop, adding Quality of life features, and even editing broken save files for those afflicted."
,Recommended,413150,21738249,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lord Wanker the Tasty,>After 26 hours acquire waifu>Can hug waifu>Even agriculture games make my life feel empty5/5
,Recommended,413150,21570386,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Demosthenes,"The game is too big, and too complex, and has too many valid playstyles to be ""done"" after one playthrough.It has a section that is a 120 floor partially procedural dungeon where you can get rare items and ores. Ores that you need to upgrade your equipment.The fishing section is very challenging, and the variety of fish you need to catch is staggering, considering that the season, fresh/saltwater, the time of day, the weather, and even how far from the shore you cast can all affect what fish will bite.The townspeople are vibrant, and for a game that is very much on rails, they have surprising depth and agency. There are about two dozen fully fleshed out characters, and in my first playthrough right now, I've barely had the time to really get the full picture of the one I chose as my marriage target.But even so I've really come to appreciate the subtle and very human ways that some of the NPCs act and react, and there is a great depth of writing there.The farming aspect of it is actually very fun too, and is at the same time more complex and more manageable than Harvest Moon.There is also a very extensive crafting system that gives you a decent use for every single resource you gather, and just even designing how I want my fields to look, and what style of paths or fences I want to use has been very enjoyable.The game is absolutely everything that Harvest Moon wanted to be, and several things that I never would have asked for but would absolutely demand in the game now that I've seen them implemented.I honestly haven't played a game that was so simple and yet so absolutely, unreservedly captivating and fun in YEARS. I actually thought this kind of pure enjoyment was something that I grew out of to be honest, because I've been looking for it without finding it for almost 5 years now.I know now that I didn't grow out of it, I just hadn't found that game again.For me at least, Stardew Valley is at the same time full of nostalgia and composed of originality. It is a game that you can actually lose yourself in... yesterday I didn't eat until 10PM. At all. I didn't even notice that I hadn't eaten since I woke up.That's the kind of game it is to me at least.This game should honestly be twice the price, but I think less people would enjoy it then, so I give massive thanks to ConcernedApe to making sure it's priced in a way that reflects who he wants to play it and not how much work he put into it."
76561198087273735,Recommended,413150,21569548,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Tridon,"Amazing game, feel like I should give a few tips for new people grabbing this game.-Get your significant other to more than 2 hearts before the dance at the end of spring, rejection hurts (You might have to get them higher than 3, mine was just at 2 and they rejected me, so yah)-Iron appears once the mines turn icey (40ish I think)-Crops that grow in fall wilt when summer comes around, and summer crops when fall comes around, and so on. Plan accordingly .-When summer starts, there will be an earthquake, the north part of the map opened up (along with a bathhouse that will regenerate your energy)*I'll add more tips when I come across/think of them, happy farming."
76561198025290292,Recommended,413150,22280549,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,sui89,"This game is awesome. You can basically play it however you want. The best way to make money is by farming, but if you don't want to farm, you can just as easily spend all your time in the mines or fishing or chatting with the villagers. It's been quite a while since I've played a game where I can sit down on a Saturday morning and play for the entire day without getting bored or feel the need to take a break. The game gives you enough goals to focus on that you always have something to plan for, and once you've finished, designing and spending money on a unique and beautiful farm is great fun. Easily worth paying full price for this game, and the developer is fantastic, constantly giving updates and support to individual players who have issues with his game. A++, highly recommended."
76561198077269568,Recommended,413150,30347920,Posted: 5 March,all,BubbleQuartz,Such a well designed and charming game that is just as addicting as Sims but with so much more substance. I've already sunk over 50 hours into this game and I know I'm going to keep coming back to this to try out different play styles and marry different characters.
,Recommended,413150,21537008,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Bill Nye the Science Guy,A game that's clearly a work of passion of a fan of the old Harvest Moon games - Stardew Valley delievers an addicting experience that allows the player to explore the world at their own pace - cultivating the land and relationships with the townspeople.It's engaging. It's relaxing. It'll make you wonder where the last few hours went.
,Recommended,413150,22591718,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,hot potatwoah,"Before anyone says how I can write a review with not even an hour in the game, I would like to say that I pirated this game and played about 4o hours, the game's quality was amazing and the developers consistent support of the community's opinions is even better. This game is just fantastic. I had to buy this game to support the Devs, I won't allow such a great Developer and their amazing work go to waste or not make a profit off of the hours of fun I got from this game."
,Recommended,413150,21612012,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,WarpZealot,Harvest Moon on PC
76561198042060215,Recommended,413150,21986028,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Magicore,Good game. Charming & Addicting.Only flaw is the save system - can't play if I have to go soon.Also sometimes it feels full of tons of things to do and sometimes feels empty. Not sure why though!8\10 - Might change it later for better or worse!
76561198029043364,Recommended,413150,22842789,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,naSok,nice game :p
,Recommended,413150,21799427,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Corvii,How I wish how hardworking I am like in this game.11/10One can only dream.
,Recommended,413150,21599580,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sandypants,"Day 1: Sunny, Moved In, Smashed RocksDay 2: Sunny, Smashed RocksDay 3: Rainy, Smashed Rocks, Chopped Logs until after darkDay 4: Sunny, Chopped Logs, Cut GrassDay 5: Sunny, Cut GrassDay 6: Rainy, Went to Town, very disappointedDay 7: Sunny, Tilled Field, Planted Parsnips, Smashed Rocks, Chopped Logs, Cut GrassDay 8: Rainy, tilled another patch, foragedDay 9: Sunny, fenced off the pasture, went miningDay 10: Rainy, good day at the mines, reached level five, socialised at the barDay 11: Sunny, parsnips are here! Sold them, bought more seeds, expanded parsnip fieldsDay 12: Rainy, good day at the mines, built furnace, smelted barsDay 13: Sunny, watered parsnips, went to egg festivalDay 14: Rainy, tended weeds, chopped treesBelieve the hype. This game is great."
,Recommended,413150,21952522,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,maggot,This game fulfills my sense of accomplishment better than my girlfriend and job can.
76561198167414045,Recommended,413150,22829861,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,The Minecraft Singer 01,Very good game. Only a few harmless bugs
,Recommended,413150,22830340,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SJ-Toongamer,WARNING: This game is as addicting and fun as you may believe otherwise.
,Recommended,413150,23874109,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Beezle,"This game reminded me how much I love imaginary treasure, even if the ""treasure"" is produce."
76561198309736080,Recommended,413150,23673393,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,lorlynngaming,"This game has taken over my life; in a good way of course. It's very relaxing and with 100+ hours logged in, you could say it's pretty addicting.  Everything, from farming to fishing, to building relationships with people in the town. It's hard to believe that one man made this happen, but I'm glad he got the idea and went with it. Honestly, if I had more friends that game, I would recommend it to them in a heartbeat. I do, though, recommend this game to anyone reading this review. If you enjoy casual and relaxing games, this is the one for you."
,Recommended,413150,23920217,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Malidala,I bought this game and now its 6am.... I'm confused... what happened.
76561198085171447,Recommended,413150,24432139,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,dogboat333,"Nostalgia is a fun thing. The games, or anything really, but games is relevant here, that we played when we were young usually stick out in our minds more. While my nostalgia lies with obscure PS2 puppy games and Nicktoons games, a lot of people who have been around as far back as the SNES games may remember a game called Harvest Moon. Harvest Moon is a game where you play as a farmer and make money. It's pretty simple honestly, but it has been loved enough to get game releases all the way up to modern day. Sadly, the game has never made it onto any non-Nintendo consoles, much less the PC, leaving a hole in the hearts of PC gamers that they might not have even noticed needed to be filled. However, one man by the name of ConcernedApe, decided that he would be the man to give us the illusive Harvest Moon for PC called Stardew Valley. Does it live up to the legacy, however? Let's take a look.STORY: You're (INSERT NAME HERE). After getting tired of your degrading office job, you make potentially the worst decision of your life and go to the farm your grandpa left for you in his will to become a farmer. You arrive to a completely overgrown farm, are given some seeds gratis, and begin to farm while also starting to befriend the community. It's simple, but it doesn't need to talk about deep and enlightening, it just needs to be enough to set up a farming game, and it does its job well enough.GAMEPLAY: Top down style. You go around to chop down trees and mine some stone to clear out some place to hoe down soil and start growing plants. You have to make sure you water your plants daily so they don't die and make sure you have scarecrows to scare off crows that want to eat your plants. Later you can get chickens, cows, goats, and a few other animals that you have to make sure that you feed, which opens up a few different ways to make money, which is appreciated. Seasons are also a factor, as they dictate what plants you can and cannot grow, so you may want to take that into consideration. There also is a bit of combat in the Mines, as well as some more mining oppurtunities obviously. The gameplay is fine enough, and it has enough to keep you entertained.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE: Pixelated style, looks pretty nice and does remind me of the look of the oldschool SNES games. The en Runs at a steady 60FPS with a drop every once in a while, but otherall steady.CHARACTERS AND DIALOGUE: There are thirty-three people who you can befriend, all of them having unique events when you become decent enough friends with them. You befriend people by giving gifts, which makes sense I guess in a cynical way. You can also marry a certain handful of gals or guys no matter what gender your character is, which is neat I suppose. The dialogue that is there is nice, though there isn't too much there, which kind of sucks. The dev is going to add more, which is nice, because it feels a bit lacking right now. It still is good and all the characters have their special niches to them.SIDE ACTIVITIES: Outside of making friends and working on your farm, there's a decent amount of things to do. You can go around the outside to forage around for plants and flowers special to the season, go fishing across the various bodies of water, and go mining in the afformentioned mines. That might not sound like much, but that can take up a decent amount of time for you. There are also special community bundles that you can put things into to eventually get special rewards that give you more things to do, like explore the desert and be able to pan for minerals to name some. There are also yearly festivals, two in every season, all of them giving you some opportunities to win some prizes and make some friends. There sadly is not too much more, which is a damn shame, but there will be more and that is nice.FINAL THOUGHTS: The game honestly took me by surprise, and I think right now it's one of my favorites of 2016. 9.5/10, as painful as it is to not give it a 10, there are a few minor things that hold it back from perfection. Don't get me wrtong though, this game is fantastic and you should grab it ASAFP."
,Recommended,413150,30847154,Posted: 30 March,all,My Jimmies Have Been Rustled,"Even coming from a fps/action based gamer I will have to say this game is worth every cent. The game has a truly remarakble soundtrack which captures you with the location that you are in or season. You have characters that you can care about and experience different outcomes (except Vincent, screw Vincent). The color palette of the game sets a vibrant, yet calm mood; this changed the way I looked at games by looking at the truly creative design and not the gameplay itself. When you expereince the mystery and wonder in this game can ecaspulate you for hours on end. You can choose between the new and indusrial Joja mart, or keep the simple charm of Pelican Town.If you choose to experience this truly beautiful game you will be plesantly suprised.10/10 Would download♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mods again.Why are you down here. Go and play the game you doofus."
76561198149985517,Recommended,413150,22829556,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zero,"This game is worth so much more than the cost they're asking for it. At the time of this writing, it is $15, but even if the price doubled, I stand by what I've said.Incredibly relaxing, peaceful game; fun and addicting. You will spend hours upon hours of 'just one more day' thoughts until you're finally able to force yourself away from it to go face your real life; ya know, the one your character leaves at the start of the game.How well can you thrive? Start with nothing save a few tools, and from there you can farm, forage, mine, fish, build a ranch, raise livestock, etc; truly live off the land and live comfortably through honest work, a deeply rewarding experience.Not much else I can say that hasn't already been said, this game doesn't need my review, except that, deep down inside, I think we all secretly want a Stardew Valley life of our own.10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22209793,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,check1240,If you ever wanted more out of Harvest Moon game but never got it than this is your game.  Not only is it highly addicitive but it also has some of the most indearing townsfoke I have ever met in a game.
,Recommended,413150,21599590,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,AnDanDan,"I will admit I pirated this game first, but bought it shortly after.This is hands down the best farming life sim game I've ever played, and would highly recomend it for anyone who wants a relaxing game with a variety of what can only really be called chores to do. While farming is a chore, its not a boring or un-entertaining chore."
,Recommended,413150,21847842,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Benny,"This is actually a really good game. I'd reccomend it for anyone who enjoys casual simulation games. You own a farm but honestly you can just ignore everything farming if you're a♥♥♥♥♥♥ You have to make friends with Linus because he is a good person. You can also name your farm whatever so that is funny. You level up skills as you use them after you sleep. There are lots of items and even a mine which acts as a dungeon. You can also play the game one handed by using WASD and C, you know, if you have a cat or something you want to pet. I honestly can't tell you anything wrong with this game, it's also only $15 and worth it more than most other games out at the moment.tl;dr: ""10/10"" - Benny"
,Recommended,413150,22558308,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,PappuFrosty,"As somebody who dislikes going outside, this game is probably my 3rd favorite game."
,Recommended,413150,21876287,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,{KPS} Xanitos,"I Could not recommend this game enough, I've already spent 20 hours on this game and I'm not even past the second harvest season (summer) theres so much to do and so much to explore and try. The game has a lot of whimsy and charm to the over all mood of the game and the game play itself is fun and expensive. Well done to all who created this."
,Recommended,413150,21757437,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SYRUP,"I didn't think I would like this game. The graphics didn't look the best. But I was wrong. There is so much to do in this game, and the graphics aren't that bad. It is so fun to set up your farm and the crops. There are different seasons, and different crops for each season. This game is well worth the $15 dollars, and I would have paid more than that for this game!"
76561198018665219,Recommended,413150,21649638,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GamerMum,"This game is like a warm blanket, like comfy slippers, like a mug of hot chocolate with little marshmallows on top. Well done, ConcernedApe, it's everything I wanted from a Harvest Moon-like game!"
76561198254884850,Recommended,413150,29554255,Posted: 28 January,all,Cazzin,"This Game is Unbelievably GoodI'm sure most people have heard insane praise slung at this game before, but allow me to reiterate that.My opinion matters, I think, maybe.SoThis game is essentially a pixelated, much calmer Rune Factory.If you've never played a Rune Factory game, it's a farming game where you can also kill things.It's your standard issue title under this genre. You go through multiple seasons, living your life, building relationships (and getting married) and it never grows tiresome.The game is constantly supported through updates, and there's loads of content I haven't even seen in the time I've played.Another thing about this game is that it has huge replay value, but you also never have tostopSo yes, this game is definitely for sure worth it.Please throw your money at the developer now."
,Recommended,413150,27911329,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kitten,"My first video game was harvest moon. Everyone has the best memories of their first game. Before Stardew Valley, i didn't find anything comparable to the love and dedication I have for harvest moon. But i'm glad to say I found what I wanted in Stardew Valley. The calming gameplay, the engaging character development, the feeling of nostalgia playing this is amazing. it's one of my favorite games. the love and dedication that went into making this is amazing. Hat's off to you, ConcernedApe."
76561198122962638,Recommended,413150,25989232,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Cader,"One word, This game is great"
,Recommended,413150,22259916,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dust,"Well, well, well...I'm sitting here in front of this blank space thinking about what I can say about this wonderful and charming game and I find myself without enough time in the day to say everthing I would like to say.If you are on the fence about buying this game, fearing that it is too girly or there isn't enough content then for heavens sakes just go and get it already!This game is both challenging and easy, there is so much to do, there is easily a weeks worth of content in it; and thats just the actual farming side! Then you have the social aspect which is deep and rich, the dungeon crawling side which is challenging and very entertaining. The fishing side which is frustrating and rewarding and then you have the speed running side which is a world with which I am not familiar although I have seen good things.I've sunk quite a few hours into this game already and I'm not even close to being done with the game. The only reason I haven't played more is that (unfortunatley) real life comes along and reminds me that I actually have a job. In the real world. With real money."
76561198061067879,Recommended,413150,30768084,Posted: 27 March,all,joetann7,"Awesome dev, awesome game. Can't wait for multiplayer!"
76561198073963957,Recommended,413150,32937392,Posted: 28 June,all,kalevala,This is a great game!
,Recommended,413150,29952240,Posted: 15 February,all,Charles_Butt,"One of those types of games that'll keep you playing and wanting to play, very addictive. Extremely relaxing, and very flexible as to what you can do and spend your time doing. Although, I do forsee myself doing everything in the game and having nothing left to accomplish. Other than that, a great, simple game."
76561198326493838,Recommended,413150,32952846,Posted: 28 June,all,xxmuzzy4everxx,"Such a fun and chill game to play , houers of fun :D"
,Recommended,413150,27354141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vermisean,This game will consume your life.It is a good thing.
76561198056583805,Recommended,413150,32908038,Posted: 27 June,all,Call of Duty Racing,"Not only is this game lit, but it's got everything a guy could dream for.Except multiplayer.1/10"
76561198266495367,Recommended,413150,32912821,Posted: 27 June,all,cute cat :3,very nize game love it so much 10/10
76561198103929215,Recommended,413150,24397994,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Detective Lexi,Its so hard to be sad or upset while playing this game. It just makes me so happy.
76561198056743245,Recommended,413150,24668120,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bloom Mundy,"""Just......one.......more........day..""..and it's 5 AM."
76561198060655354,Recommended,413150,24023580,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,batminseok,"Choc full of content, cute, whats not to like"
,Recommended,413150,21670857,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,lykourgos,"A wonderful game! Beatiful pixel art, addictive day-cycle and character progression, and a peaceful happy world to relax and be happy in. Warmed the cockles of my shriveled heart."
,Recommended,413150,25426860,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,✔️ Groene Liniaal,"This is probably the most addicitve game i have ever played, i started without any expectations and got sucked in after an hour or 2. i just wanted to try it out and suddenyl it was 4 amthe only ''problem'' for me is the winter season, it turned me off and i stopped playing because of it. i feel ike there is just not anough to doif you dont like pixel games or farm stuff or some other things that may seem unappealing to you (this was the case for me) ingore it, buy it and get hooked. this game is priced way too low i would happily pay double, the creator deserves it(if you also think so buy the soundtrack to support him)"
76561198304166952,Recommended,413150,32136253,Posted: 2 June,all,corvus,"I got a steam account just to get this game. I loved Harvest Moon, but this is like. The perfect version of Harvest Moon. This game has everything you could ask for in a farming/life simulator. You can even fight things and be gay! 100/10 would recommend and get a tattoo of a chicken on my foot."
,Recommended,413150,31477148,Posted: 30 April,all,Farndock,This game is great if you just wanna have emotions.
76561198353966532,Recommended,413150,31487371,Posted: 1 May,all,tylenol is poison,I love this game. It helps you calm down and it has a really good storyline.
,Recommended,413150,22182004,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ASheepNamedBlart,"11/10(may have indirect spoilers)I like it.Changed horse model into a rainbow unicorn.Blew myself up 11 times in the mine. Lost like $50,000.I met a dwarf.Talked to some like gas thing in the sewer.Found a machine beneath some worms. I can now dupe my diamonds.Sold a bunch of corn. Regret that decision because now I have no oil.Watch pigs ""create"" some sort of poop like substance that is called a ""truffle."" I ate it.Had a fairy visit my farm.A witch came and put some sort of egg in my coop. Now all my chickens are demons.Have a bunch of goats, made cheese. It tastses 8/8.Little creatures in the abandoned hall squeak at me for doing their bidding. I have a greenhouse now, which is nice.Exploded myself in the mine again 3 more times, am now broke.Sold everything I own, got most of my money back.Watched mushrooms grow, passed out, was billed $1,000.Played the arcade games until I was the arcade game.what am I doing with my life"
,Recommended,413150,21579025,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,FluffyXVI,"I'll give a short, and fairly simple review.This game does a lot of things right. The gameplay is interesting and fun. It's filled with hours of content, and I'm only at the start of Year 2, fifty hours in. It's very difficult to have a better game.However:The game gets repetitive quickly. If you don't like doing the same task, over and over again, you will get bored very quickly. The character development is also subject to this, as the lack of interesting dialogue means that you will hear the same thing time and time again.It can be difficult in places to figure out what to do, especially on the first gameplay. Some of the controls are a little finnicky, and the fishing minigame is a challenging suprise.Overall, these faults don't affect Stardew Valley enough to make it anything less than stunningly brilliant. The art style is simply wonderful, the amount of content is staggering, and basically everything is extremely well done. It's always a joy to play this game, and it's a great time waster."
76561198005028821,Recommended,413150,22873029,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Valvazork,This game is simply amazing. It is the perfect combination of Zelda type fighting and Harvest Moon farming that it's just happiness disguised as a game. I would definatly suggest this game!
,Recommended,413150,27605307,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,yohandimartono,"bought the game with recommendation from a friend... totally thought it's gamepad supported instead of mouse and keyboard... (will be great if this can happen like divinity and such) but alas the game was great anyway... graphics are cute, a true reminisce of harvest moon from playstation"
,Recommended,413150,26844020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PoisonSprocket,"For years, I had been searching for a game to fill the void that the SNES Harvest Moon had left in my soul. I had tried other farming games, including other Harvest Moon games, but none could fill the empty space.I think that everyone should give this game a shot; it is that good. The graphics, sound, story, and programming are fantastic. This one-man project has far exceeded my expectations and it deserves all of the praise it gets."
,Recommended,413150,33005472,Posted: 29 June,all,syb8110,The small world of stardew valley really draws you in. It is a relaxing and fun experience for me. I lived off of my husbands account but specifically made my own steam account just to have my own copy and support this game.
,Recommended,413150,21818211,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,K. Wrecks,"If you have anything productive to do with your life, wait until you don't to start this game.  It is addictive and people will be angry at you.Or alternatively, you can blow them off because this game is amazing!  Your call.  You don't need friends anyway, you can make them in this game!"
,Recommended,413150,27794162,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,amBOT,"The game is very addicting! It deserves to win a ""Just Five More MInutes"" award.I love the art, music, mechanics, side stories. It's a relaxing game.Also, knowing that the creator is just 1 person (concept, story, design, developer, etc), it never fails to amaze me."
,Recommended,413150,33119944,Posted: 2 July,all,CoolKid McCoolest,"its super fun and very cute~ there are a ton of things you can do but its not like rushing you to complete them all so you can just relax and have fun~ the characters are all cool and so are is the story behind the game, i highly recomend this to everyone"
76561198210282397,Recommended,413150,33132975,Posted: 2 July,all,PotatoPie,"One of the best games i've ever played, but it does get boring after the 3rd or 4th year. Overall though i highly recommend to any one looking for farming type simulation"
76561197961129721,Recommended,413150,29927822,Posted: 14 February,all,Mad Gary,"I didn't know what to expect from Stardew Valley, but it drew me in to discover and complete all of the different aspects.Not sure how much replayability it will have given a lot of the fun comes from the discovery aspects for me, but certainly worth the money.Beware if you have any hints of OCD."
,Recommended,413150,33128942,Posted: 2 July,all,Numquid,"Amazing.Totally worth the money, get it whilst it's on sale."
,Recommended,413150,29661930,Posted: 2 February,all,MARIOMAN6444,"""Tell me when this game gets moar dlc and multi player"" *goes into cryogenic sleep*9/10-marioman6444"
,Recommended,413150,32949466,Posted: 28 June,all,too lewd for you,"Stardew Valley is an incredible game. Please just give it a shot. I don't even like simulators or farming games or anything of the sort. However, Stardew Valley is so well made that I enjoyed every second of it, and will continue to enjoy it once multiplayer comes out!"
76561198141661698,Recommended,413150,22786856,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ToxicFlare,"I can't get enough, what's not to love?"
76561198319182181,Recommended,413150,33123983,Posted: 2 July,all,Gabone361,"BEST SIMULATOR GAME... but now when I try to play the game it says that there are no loaded games. I think its something with my settings or there is a problem with the game. Anyways if Chucklefish, ConcernedApe, or Eric Barone see's this please help me because I love this game and I dont want to lose all of my 17 hours on this game. Please help."
,Recommended,413150,22785302,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,The All Great And Powerful Pug,60 hours of farming and adventuring (2 days of life wasted on an amazing game)
76561198297499788,Recommended,413150,22933459,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,adrian_rada2000,"This game is the sole reason I've made a Steam account, just so that I could buy it and support it. Incredible involvement in making one of the most charming and addictive game I've played in years."
,Recommended,413150,22785860,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Electric Swanaloo,"Incredible game. So much depth to every single character. Just buy it, and hey, if it's not your cup of tea, you can always refund it, right?"
,Recommended,413150,21573153,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,RaidenHayabusa,For those of you who wanted to play harvest moon or rune factory but couldn't be bothered to buy a nintendo your prayers have been answered! An absolute gem of a game with lots to do and highly addictive gameplay 10/10 would farm again
,Recommended,413150,32864154,Posted: 27 June,all,3rtan,Best game to chill
,Recommended,413150,21936273,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,MissTetraZelda,"Please send help.  I have been playing this game for 22 hours and I have only had it for 2 days.  My friend on her first playthough played 26 hours in a row.  We cannot escape this engrosing game that provides hours of fun.  I have tried to leave but everytime before I press go to desktop I remember a chore I needed to do, and then begin a new day.  This game is holding us captive, and we are glady accepting this tyrany.  There shall be no escape...--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now for a serious review, this game is AMAZING.  Sure, there are a few quirks here and there but as stating before I cannot stop playing it.  Whether it be trying to water all my crops, to mining to find rare gems, or trying to win a bachelor/bachelorette's heart, there are hours of gameplay to be had.  In many games there is a grindy collection portion and although this game has this, rarely do I feel bored/tired of it.  The collection bundles that can be redeemed in the community centre provide a player with a goal that is worth achieving.  The villagers all have unique personalities that provide laughter (and occasional heartbreak) along the way.  It is the perfect blend of games such as Animal Crossing, Fantasy Life, and Harvest Moon.  It is always exciting to see what lies ahead in the game, and I cannot wait to see what is planned for the future.  Now what did I do with those seeds, they need to be planted soon.  Oh, and I cannot forget to get that gem... Oh, no... It is happening again... DON'T SEND HELP!"
76561198257908167,Recommended,413150,25531730,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Doreorge,I absolutly love this game. It reminds me of harvest moon but it is so much more and easier to play. I played so much harvest moon as a kid that this game just fills me with nostalgia. thank you for this game and ps. Sebastian is mine <3
,Recommended,413150,33065965,Posted: 30 June,all,TheSydeki,help me
,Recommended,413150,26827119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vitor,Capitalism
76561198094330605,Recommended,413150,28213443,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DrDooglestein,"Amazingly fun and addicting game. Provides coutless hours of fun. The game is very open. You could spend your days farming, mining, socializing with the townfolk, fishing, foraging or any combination of these.Excellent musicRelaxing gameplayFunBuy this gamePlay this game(or don't, do whatever you want)"
76561198305750824,Recommended,413150,30512343,Posted: 14 March,all,Emily,"Okay so I make my character, give it a fun name and then I click play. I am greeted by Santa (or maybe he was my grandfather I don't know) and he tells me that ""for my grandaughter, have this sealed envelope"". I'm like ""sure thanks..."", go to open it and then he tells me that one day I ""will feel crushed by the burden of life"" and I'm just like what? And then he tells me to open it when I am depressed with my job. So I pretend to listen to the rest of his speech and then am sent to another cutscene. In this one, I am working for Joja. So apparently it's so boring that one of the employees died? Whatever I get it. So I open this envolope and am sent to Stardew Valley. I arrive on a bus which I can't use again until completing a community centre bundle. I walk to my farm and a carpenter is stood there. She tells me my house is bad. Remind me to kill her. Anyway she tries to convince me to buy stuff from her to upgrade my house, which I eventually do despite my hatred of her. I mean she's mocking a dead man's house... Anyway I start planting seeds and destroying trees and then pass out and found by a doctor that charges me for it. Later on that month, I get told to come to the mines. I pass out in there too and a hobo named Linus comes and saves me. Next I get a letter in the post telling me to come and see the wizard. I go to the tower and he force feeds me a potion that will make me become one with the land. My character is there spazzing out and the wizard is just stood there watching me. I love it. At the end of year two your grandfather comes and visits you saying that you've done your best. I look at ghost grandpa and then he disappeares. Thanks grandpa. By this time I've become good friends with the villagers and seen some of their heart events. I've helped Penny tidy her house, given Marnie a cave carrot for her sheep and watched Emily's interesting dance. I am cheating on my husband Shane with multiple other villagers but he didn't seem to care even when I danced with Sam at the flower dance in front of him. After 46 hours playing this game I am only on year 4 and still havn't completed half the games achievements. This game will provide hours of relaxing farming action and the adictivness and adorableness of the game and it's characters will leave you playing for hours.(oh and sorry for any spelling errors in that I can't really spell)Also I brought the game when it was on sale but I would have gladly payed the full £10.99"
76561197998091090,Recommended,413150,21557795,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,fuzzydragon13,"I have waited for a game like this for so long.This game has everything needed to be a great experience for fans of Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing series. Farming, fishing, crafting, collecting, relationships, adventuring..So far I have played a little over 5 hours and have a hard time stopping myself from just playing another day,.. .ok one more day... just one more and then I am taking a break....I love the farming and crafting systems, the passage of time seems perfect, fishing is actually fun!The only thing I have come across so far that was a minor inconvienence to me was the combat system, it felt boring and awkward. I have played only for a short timethough so its possible a weapons upgrade may fix the issueOverall a wonderful game, well worth the 14.99."
,Recommended,413150,21581491,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,LanceL,Harvest Moon V9999+Multiplayer (soon?)+Fight MonstersWill buy again 11/10
,Recommended,413150,32506318,Posted: 17 June,all,Keeweiner,Great but not enough pirates
,Recommended,413150,21896944,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,☆Star-Queen☆,"I love this game! It's relaxing and fun, and worth the full price.9.8/10"
,Recommended,413150,32664287,Posted: 22 June,all,Jerry Seinfeld,"One of my favorite games ever made, a game I can always come back to after a while and have a bunch of fun playing it. I reccomend this game if youve ever played harvest moon or if youre just looking for a good game to play it's not an action or a game to make your heart pund but that doesn take away from the immense amount of fun the game supplies"
,Recommended,413150,32829931,Posted: 26 June,all,Holly Hawkes,I have heard about this game for a while and decided to check it out and now I am totally addicted :)
,Recommended,413150,22441638,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,eriophora zia,"This game is basically just a little bundle of digital happiness.More addictive than opiates.Do not buy during finals week, even if it's on sale or something."
,Recommended,413150,25192554,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Atos,I love this game this game is awesome!9/10
,Recommended,413150,21624820,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Umbra Crowspike,This is Harvest Moon on PC. Youmustplay it.
76561198032822340,Recommended,413150,25877261,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Brenari,"Charming, fun and just the kind of relaxing game-play experience that a stressed-out ""9-5"" employee needs!  It really is addicting! :-)"
,Recommended,413150,29370370,Posted: 19 January,all,HamJoinsWill,"An amazing game with a relaxed feel. Plays similarly to the Harvest Moon series.Short summer:Your grandpappy dies, and you quit your dead-end job at Joja Corporation (a Wal-Mart spoof) to work the farm for a change of pace. Your house starts out small, and your farm (which comes in a few variations, player selected) starts off a mess. Your general goal is to improve your farm and make money. Skills that you use throughout the day will level depending on your actions.Pros:1. Game is tailored to your pace. There's no time constrains on anything, and it is impossible to miss an item/quest/event.2. A surprising amount of depth for a fairly ""simple"" game.3. Different aspects of the game blend well. There are robust, but scant skill trees (Combat, Foraging, Farming, Fishing, and Mining).Cons:1. Game is fairly ""relaxed"" and a bit more casual in its approach to gameplay design.------All in all, a very solid game. I actually heavily recommend this one. Developed by a single person, this is a swan song to the ""farming sim"" genre and a seriously impressive game. It is not perfect, and those who strictly prefer punishing, difficult games may find this one not to their taste. To each his own, but I seriously enjoyed my experience with this game."
,Recommended,413150,33500260,Posted: 13 July,all,slam jam,"Was skeptical going into it, but I was pleasantly surprised with the game as a whole. It's an insanely charming game that can take hours away from you in what seems like minutes. The game doesn't spoon feed you what must be done, and opens up much of its core aspects right off the bat for the player to experience, allowing the game to feel unique for everyone playing. Highly recommend the game, and am overwhelmed at how amazing the game is despite being created by only a single person."
,Recommended,413150,28697825,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Headass,Nothing better than living the life of a self-efficient lesbian farmer.
,Recommended,413150,21655532,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Infernus,better than CS:GO
,Recommended,413150,22861239,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Thrilliam,Because pretending to be a farmer is way better than being a farmer.
,Recommended,413150,22829508,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,☭ Mr.Frie Frie ッ,"""Just one more day""4 irl hours later""Another day should do the trick""2 irl days later""Maybe just another day to work on my farm and do some mining10/10 would never see my irl family again"
,Recommended,413150,33013669,Posted: 29 June,all,HODOR,A game that was developed by a single person and yet packs more content than most Triple-A games.
76561198089977434,Recommended,413150,25091957,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Sir Crazy Peanut,Its a verry peacefull and calming game. i played it for hours
76561198036910229,Recommended,413150,22785214,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,sean_winnipeg,"Stating the obvious but Stardew Valley feels like a busier Harvest Moon, which is a good thing. The days are very short and aside from watering the garden will take up a big chunk of the day until you craft the things to do the busy work. The visuals feel very common with today's 8/16 bit renaissance of today, but it works perfectly here. The game has just enough personality to get by but it's the gameplay that keeps you playing.  Very engaging and tough not to see how successful you can make your entire farm."
76561198061692611,Recommended,413150,28583887,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,HugMyAxe,so far im 1 year in the game and i have to say this is one of the best games i have ever played i highly recomend this to other people and friends but if your not sure wait for a sale and try it
,Recommended,413150,22110854,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Xyster,"I've never played harvest moon, but this game does remind me of Animal Crossing.It's a super chill game to play after work. There's much to explore and do. Managing a farm is pretty fun with the many seasons you can go through. This isn't a farming simulator by any means. However, the satisfaction of harvesting over 100 tiles of crop and then cashing in every evening is real. It's a 2d sprite game that is beautiful to look at and play.Take a deep breath and relax. Feel the chi... Repulse the monkey... Part the wild horse's mane..."
,Recommended,413150,21591471,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kyriaki,"I haven't had this sort of immersion with a game since I started playing WoW in 08. 40 hours of gameplay so far, I love it! 10/10 would (and have!) recommend."
,Recommended,413150,28893962,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,J.,"Do you like relaxing, self-paced games?What about amazing soundtracks?Or making a lot of money?This game is 10/10.  Or also its basically crack. Just. One. More. Day."
,Recommended,413150,26984653,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tom,This game sucked the life out of me.Help.
,Recommended,413150,25989008,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sibernethy,"Stardew Valley made me appreciate friendships a lot more. Also made me more thoughtful of what to get my friends and family for Christmas! The game itself is like a better written Animal Crossing. Different NPCs react differently to how you treat them. And they send you nice things through the mail if you're really on good terms with them. :)Aside from that, it's a fun game to play if you're wanting a break from competitive, fast paced, stressful combat games or just want something lighthearted to play.When getting this game, I highly recommend visiting the wiki often and doing some research while playing, especially for the first time. It's quite involved, especially regarding the seasonal cycle and calender events.But yeah, this is one of my favorites!"
,Recommended,413150,21540561,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Xchowks,Yes!
,Recommended,413150,26934866,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JBearington,"A great title for those looking for a Harvest Moon experience on PC. The art style takes a western approach, which may not be appealing at first if you're a fan of a more anime-styled vision, but it's a minor gripe considering that Stardew Valley not only keeps the fundamental gameplay elements that made the Harvest Moon series so charming, but also greatly improved upon a certain aspect that I feel deserves focus.Befriending villagers has always been a staple in this genre; it not only reinforces the bonding aspect, but it can also help alleviate the grind by gently reminding you that actual progress is being made. Stardew Valley rewards your progression in a way that I found uniquely satisfying. The events that you unlock per relationship level with the villagers, whether it's a grumpy personality or a potential spouse, are charming in a different way; you witness their strengths and vulnerabilities, acceptance for what is and what isn't--it's very human and relatable, which can be liberating if you're used to the escapism of the Harvest Moon setting.Overall, a fantastic addition to the farming/life simulation genre."
,Recommended,413150,33091580,Posted: 1 July,all,mario (detonator),"Great game, if you liked the harvest moon games or are just looking for a game to unwind and immerse yourself into this is a great option. I wholeheartedly recommend to everyone."
76561198324041232,Recommended,413150,33186754,Posted: 3 July,all,Shock,this game is SO relaxing. after a long day of competetive pvp it is so nice to play this game. it just immerses you in the atmosphere of farm life and making social connections with the townsfolk. this game is surrounded in mysteries and in the short time i have played this game i already have so much to do. do yourself a favor and buy this game
,Recommended,413150,33189033,Posted: 3 July,all,Sa1t_B0t.ExE,Gr8 game 10/10
,Recommended,413150,32927745,Posted: 28 June,all,w4tch.,I only bought this because i felt bad for cracking it. I mean i never feel bad for cracking a game.. But this one its just too good to crack..One of the best games i have ever played.10/10
,Recommended,413150,32848439,Posted: 27 June,all,GreekofNature,I put 22 hours into this game in a 36 hour time frame.  This is one of the best games on stream. If you love minecraft you will fall in love with this master piece.
,Recommended,413150,26927275,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,♫Dark_phantom_13♫,Lovely game. Would definitely buy if you want to relax and unwind :)
,Recommended,413150,25596089,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Qxzy cs.money,Amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,413150,33508013,Posted: 13 July,all,NOH11S,"Finally i found a game that can do something that i cant do in real life. Such as going to dungeon, cook delicious meals, andtalking to girls.11/10"
,Recommended,413150,27150804,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,• Miek •,"It's fun, it's a great time killer, it has great graphics, so much stuff to do and a good replay value.I've spent over 150 hours on this game and it's still not boring to me.And it also has a cute cat in it.My GOTY 2016."
76561197991061581,Recommended,413150,21621443,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Totoro,you can love every single animal10/10
,Recommended,413150,21621797,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,EssGiibY'Ez,Give my real life back plz.
,Recommended,413150,27740619,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,taigumi,"Calm, peacful, fun. This game is awesome in every way possible."
76561198118567150,Recommended,413150,31528275,Posted: 3 May,all,PandaMan117,Stardew Valley is a insanely absorbing and oddly fun game that is well worth ta try. Considering I already have 50+ hours on the game and have yet to actually finish it (but getting considerably far) its easily worth the price.A simple game about farming accompanied by rather interesting NPCs as well as an incredible amount of activities and content will have you exploring every inch of this game.Here are s few pros and cons:Pros:-absorbing gameplay-interesting characters-a lot to explore-massive amounts of replay value-great soundtrackCons:-you can feel your life disappear-...thats pretty much it really
,Recommended,413150,28006806,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PsychoPitcher,Pros:great story line (so far)good controlsfuncons:its a one man dev team so updates are a bit slow but you cant really blame the guy
76561197995231562,Recommended,413150,21679931,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Lanceo90,"Great and very relaxing game.  At first glance it looks like yet another indie surivival game, but you quickly relize that's not the case.  There's no meter for food or water, a healthbar doesn't even show except in certain areas.  It's focused on farming and social interaction with the many residents of the town.I definately recommend it, but feel I should mention some of the pitfalls that it does have.* It Doesn't Give You Much Information to Work With - I think this was perhaps intentional to create a more relaxed atmosphere, but in the long run probably stresses me out more.  You have to give people gifts to make them like you more, but it gives you very little information on what they liked, and when you do find out it doesn't log it somewhere, and it's not always as clear cut as it should be on things you do find out.  This also applies to info it gives you about buildings nad upgradesExamples: Gave the homeless guy a fish and he loved it, gave him another kind of fish and he was peeved off.  Blacksmith could upgrade a tool for 2K gold and 4 copper bars, gave it to him, told me it would be ready in two days - no warning that would happen.* Finnicky Controls - They say a big way to help this is to turn the ""always show tool hitbox"" is the way to deal with this, but it only helps, not a complete fix.  Left and right clicks sometimes do the same action, sometimes they don't depending on the item.  You can't switch to item slots that have nothing in them, which is frustration, if your only items you have are edible you can't interact with some objects anymore because your character keeps assuming you're trying to feed him instead."
,Recommended,413150,22018463,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,DuskyKeaton,"Bought it for myself, and I'm loving it so far. My sister wanted to play it on my laptop, but I was eager to play, so I bought her a copy for her account.So good I bought it twice. 10/10.Seriously though, I thought this game was being overhyped like a lot of titles on steam, but went I got into it I was actually surprised. It is exactly what it says to be. It's a farming sim with a town full of people to get to know with eligible bachelors/bachelorettes with some RPG mechanics on the side. This isn't a very ""stressful"" game. You play at your own pace, playing how you want. You can farm, fish, have farm animals, join an adventurers guild and explore the depths of the mine and much more I haven't seen yet. This was created by one person, and I think that's awesome. A lot of dedication went into this game and there is so much to see and do - it's just not all on the surface. You have to play more and more to see how in depth the game really is. I'd love to see where this game is going and I'm patient and supportive enough of the developer to wait as long as needed. I'll be making my farm bigger and better in the meantime."
,Recommended,413150,23001948,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,robert robertson,10/10much better than huniecam
,Recommended,413150,33701944,Posted: 21 July,all,Znkyu,"I would definitely reccommend this game to anyone who is looking for laid-back gameplay. The soundtrack is amazing, and the art is out of this world for a pixelated game. Give it a shot if you can, I promise you'll get hooked."
76561198061738582,Recommended,413150,32871546,Posted: 27 June,all,crematedhamster,Good game.
76561198014921408,Recommended,413150,21818539,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Matty-Ice,"Great game, very peaceful and calm. Good get-away game if you want to chill."
,Recommended,413150,21633266,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,dirty matt,NOT EARLY ACCESS
76561198007621697,Recommended,413150,21714325,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mucuroz,"If you were ever a fan of the Harvest Moon games, or even of the genre itself, you NEED to get this game. The gameplay is really smooth and well done with the only issue I have being combat sometimes(though I imagine that's an issue with my timing when I attack). The amount of content in this game is great. It will take a while to run out and I believe ConcernedApe is planning to patch in more stuff from time to time as he works on it. Some people might think there isn't much replayability but there is. There are 10 different people to choose from to marry(5 women and 5 men), you can decide to make your living through various means(fishing, mining, animal raising, farming) each of which come with their own pros and cons."
,Recommended,413150,24071108,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Philtering,"A great terraria-harvest moon hybrid that I found myself addicted to for quite awhile.Pros: Stardew Valley has a lot to do and it's easy to get lost in the game for hours. This include farming, fishing, foraging, crafting, terraria-like dungeon crawling and interacting with the town's people as well who are a colorful group. It's a great casual game and I love it for the time management aspect and of course the waifus/husbando. I recommend this game for just about everyone especially if you enjoy harvest moon games or terraria or any games of the like.Cons: The only bad part of the game is the late game, where you established your farm and are married. At that stage of the game there's not really anything new to do other than try to aim for achievements and rake in money. Events repeat and theres rarely any new dialogue. Dispite that I found the whole game to be enjoyable.For me a solid 4/5. Addicting farm sim and love that they added the dungeon crawling. A colorful group for the social sim aspect but there are some weak characters that don't add much. Thoroughly enjoyable even during the late-game grind. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,413150,24075222,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gregoerbrudy,"If you like minecraft or terraria, or harvest moon....well this game is going to be amazing for you. So.....what are you waiting for, GO BUY IT!"
,Recommended,413150,24079545,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,huihui1975,"Excellent game, love the graphics and gameplay! Super excited for Version 1.1 with a substantial content update!!"
,Recommended,413150,24071968,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bunderella,"This is a super fun time waster. The challenges are enough to keep you busy without being too difficult. It is very reminiscent of animal crossing/harvest moon. I really enjoy it,and love the weather effects. It is kind of slow and tedious, sonif you're looking for a fast paced game this is not it."
76561198315288313,Recommended,413150,31518703,Posted: 2 May,all,Fyren199,Absolutley addicted.
76561197990672230,Recommended,413150,25666211,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,NineByNine,"I admit it. I was wrong. To all my friends reading this who heard me previously say ""Nah, Stardew Valley just doesn't seem like a game I'd get into"" because I couldn't get into Animal Crossing at all, I was wrong. I got into this. like... a lot.Like a WHOLE HEAP of a lot.Mostly because there's so, so, SO MUCH MORE to do than Animal Crossing, and it's not mindless cookieclicker crap like Farmville either. In fact, I'd say it's closer to Reccettear in terms of gameplay, and I adored the heck out of that game (just wish I hadn't lost my progress or I'd go back to it too!), except instead of an item shop, it's a whole farm.And I don't mean ""Oh here's some crops you can buy and oops there they go growing""; none of it's automated. You need to water them (except on rainy days), you need to check weather reports, go mining for resources to upgrade your house and tools, and make fertilisers, go fishing for other resources too, forage in the woods for neat gifts or things to help the community with, interact with the community for benefits and just because you're a nice person (by the way the  community is made of a ton of separate, individual, unique npcs with their own likes and dislikes and personalities and secrets and hopes and dreams), heck you can even get married. There's a heap of male and female characters to marry, all of which are engaging and fun and have thier own stories.Add to this a faceless, ever so smily and saccharine mega corporation muscling in on this quiet, peaceful, parochial little village out of greed and soulless consumerism, and you got yourself a great antagonist (seriously if by the summer you don't find yourself wanting to do awful things to the Jojamart manager just to wipe that smug self-satisfied smirk off his ****gobbling face there might be something wrong with you), plus there's an actual whole questline of gathering various resources together to repair things in the village, a wizard who upon your first meeting gets you high as a goddamn kite, a friendly neighbourhood hobo (who for serious knows some kickass recipes, make friends with him, srsly), a town drunk (who also knows some cool stuff and is charming in her own way), an adorable pair of kids, a sweet natured and bookish schoolteacher, a mayor with a secret relationship going on, a store owner and his family, a jojamart employee who's having a hard time of it and many many more, plus a huge set of caverns to explore and fight through...basically you got yourself an amazingly fun game with a lot of depth, plus there's a ton of great mechanics that are designed to make life just a little bit easier ,that they really didn't have to do.Give this game a try, I guarantee it will warm your frozen craggy heart and you'll end up adoring it.Oooooooooor if you want, you could always just sell the town out to Jojamart. If that's your thing.You soulless monster."
,Recommended,413150,33815114,Posted: 26 July,all,Menma,"In the first moments of starting a new game, it made me feel for a person I didn't know, and so far throughout the game it actually makes me smile which seems rare these days. As well as that the achievements in the game are for landmarks, not just for finishing a level."
,Recommended,413150,21737015,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Now Where Could My Pipe Be?,i think this is good game
,Recommended,413150,22328828,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Maximilian,"I wish there were more hours in the day, so I could play more Stardew Valley. It's as fun 50 hours in as it was in the first hour"
76561198072273646,Recommended,413150,21835522,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,SML^SKKN♠,Help me. I can't stop.
,Recommended,413150,26812767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,off-brandon,"Civilization is to ""just one more turn"" as Stardew Valley is to ""just one more day.""One of the best games of the year, and a worthy heir to the throne of Harvest Moon."
,Recommended,413150,33064801,Posted: 30 June,all,Dinamichaor,That's the best harvest game on Steam! Just buy it!
,Recommended,413150,21503693,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cid_Highwind,"Do you like Harvest Moon?If so, play this game!There's crafting, farming, fishing, mine exploring, beating up slimes, bugs, and who knows what!Also the usual marriage thing is a possibility!"
,Recommended,413150,21500903,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,NurisH,"Hi ConcernedApe,I know you are great listener. This isn't a complain, merely something that I think could improve for the better of the game.The save system. This is not PS2 and 2000. We should be able to save anytime we want. But I could see if you aren't doing this because people might exploit it by save and load if things go bad for a decision making time. We could see that happened in Fallout 4 dialogue load. But with this night only sleep.We are at risk of losing data and restarting a day is a bad thing IMO. It  might be an hour a more for the worst. Let's be honest, day 1 game is full of bug although I merely noticed 2. 1 time it crash while in Mine :( and the resolution cannot be changed and it default is also wrong. It somehow detected a wrong resolution. might not be bug because it grayed out.Review v1.01."
,Recommended,413150,21506679,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,circularmirror7,"Played for 10 hours with barely any breaks. A friend was so excited to get this game he started filling out the wiki of his favorite girl. So he stalked the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of her schedule. Reallying loving the art, but I wish the music would play more often.1 month in and still trying to build a awesome farm, I really consider picking it up if you love animal crossing or harvest moon."
,Recommended,413150,21494276,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Inferno,LIke Harvest Moon/Rune Factory/Terraria/Waifus/Husbandos/Farming? Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,413150,21497036,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,✨ Hatty ✨,"Like many others I have followed this game for many years in its development.It was created and mainted by one person during that time, and after ages of being finished and having bug testing, it's finally done and out!I bought it right away as I was aware of the testing they did. The developer had been fixing bugs noted by the testing team almost instantly, and it had been so long in progress, I knew it wasn't going to be half done. I wasn't wrong at all!I started the game with character customization, such as name, hobby, gender, (genders can have both hairstyles and date ANYONE, there is no limit to gender!) you can also have an alien coloured skin if you want.You choose if you like cats or dogs, and voila! The game story begins. :0Whats really nice is the little details, my favourite are the squirrels running up trees and rabbits hiding.The idea that you can't enter someones room unless you know them.Also that the original Harvest Moon boy is hanging up as a drawing in Sebastion's room.The TV specials (weather specifically) also look straight from a HM game from 1998!It's a great story so far and I'm really getting into it. You can also change what button does what in settings, which I thought was great.I have no complaints, except that I wish I could run with the mouse click, but at least I can use the 'auto run' funcition which makes me run all the time, so I have no real problems so far!"
,Recommended,413150,21724354,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sour Cream,"...and for my very special comrades: I want you to have this sealed gameNo, no, don't buy it yet... have patience.Now, listen close... There will come a day when you feel crushed by the burden of modern life....and your bright spirit will fade before a growing emptinessWhen that happens, my boy, you'll be ready for this gameNow let me rest.10/10"
76561198112233284,Recommended,413150,33007511,Posted: 29 June,all,FafaDex,Fantastic game. So relaxing...
,Recommended,413150,28981107,Posted: 3 January,all,Anonymous,"Great game where you become a farmer. You can do cool things like chop down trees, planting crops, fishing, digging ore in the mines, slay the monsters, talk to people and other good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wonderful, isn't it?Add more languages"
76561198272989964,Recommended,413150,33572718,Posted: 15 July,all,Darkest Storm,This game is one of my favorite games! Been playing for a while now and finally decided to post a review. I would definitely reccomend this game to anyone.
76561197995378577,Recommended,413150,28676908,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CobaltFlares,"Never since the dawn of ninth birthday have I managed to fall in love with a game like this. Immediately it locks you into a lush vibrant world full of different characters and environments. You can do what you like and build some amazing farms, have a family with some amazingly deep people. I am so happy this game came out and I hope more people can play it too."
,Recommended,413150,25888613,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Goodest Boy,"Very relaxing, charming, addictive little game with lots of content.Positives:+ Stress free, relaxing game+ Charming graphics+ Charming music+ Play the game at your own pace and however you want+ Likable Townspeople/Town/'Story'+ Lots of secrets and collectibles+ Lots of activities+ Great value (Easily 50+ hours for only $14.99)Negatives:- Lack of end game/late game content.- When you reach the point of being filthy stinkin' rich, you have nothing to spend it on.Neutral:+- Can be very addictive.  ""Just one more day!""+- Some people complain about the controls (especially with the gamepad), but personally I had    no problems playing with my kb+m (I think this is meant to be a kb+m game). The only slight problem I can think of is the confusion of doing actions (combat, watering plants, etc) based on the direction your character is facing vs where your mouse is pointing at.Conclusion:Almost hard to believe it's developed by only one guy (Concerned Ape)! Amazing game with a ton of fun content and extremely reasonably priced. Highly recommended if you like simple, cute, low-stress sim games. If you liked Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town, you will love this game."
76561198021057668,Recommended,413150,21771329,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,wizzard,"I must admit I had my doubts about this one but, at this point, I either quit my job and buy a farm or ask for a sabbatical so I can play all day long.This game, at its current price its a steal."
,Recommended,413150,22026002,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Rumi,"Feels a bit like Terraria or something, exept made to be played single player. It's really wonderful either way."
,Recommended,413150,21538030,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Afton,"10/10 title for me. Has all of the charm of the early Harvest Moon games, with all of the features from the most recent.After installing this today I have played it non-stop, and plan to continue doing that tomorrow, too."
76561198135393788,Recommended,413150,25333080,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Timbobway,"This is not a game,This is a drug,A Highly addictive drug,and im addicted to it,and i do not care.I give this drug a 4/5. Its the harvest moon we've wanted for years"
76561198195470389,Recommended,413150,26528407,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MoMoeMoney,"A Diamond in the RoughBefore now, I have never made a review for a game, until I played this. Games like Stardew Valley are a rarity, and good one are even harder to find. If you wanted a casual farming/town type of game, you only had Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon (Both of which have been getting stale). Then along came Stardew Valley. Not only is it both a farming and town game, it's much more then that.PROSCasual and Relaxing GameMuch More to do then FarmingInteresting Dialogue and CharactersDifferent Goals to ReachCreate a Family and Expand Your FarmStill Gets Major UpdatesCONSA Few Bugs, but Most are Minor and FixableCan get a Little Boring over TimeLow ReplayabilityOne of my favorite games, still some problems, but a great game overallRating: ********* 9/10"
,Recommended,413150,33559851,Posted: 15 July,all,Naruchii,"If you are a Harvestmoon or Rune Factory FansI'm 100% sure you will LOVE Stardew Valley~!!What if you are not really into Harvestmoon?Don't worry mate! Stardew Valley got it cover for you!Its a really great game for you who loves diversity choice of what you can do as a farmer~You can just tend your crops and animals like Harvestmoon if you want to,You add monsters fighting too like in Rune Factory,But you can also leave that all and completely focus on Fishing or Mining and still make a living!You can also be a forager and gain the most from what nature provide you,or Even make a specialized farm if you want to!Coffee farm, Fruit Forest, Beer and Ale factory, etc etc~!!You name it and Stardew Valley might already cover it!Don't like repetitive schedule?Don't worry in Stardew Valley there's always other things to do!I personally think It totally worth the full price!I really recommend this game to you all \(◕ヮ◕\)"
76561198275153987,Recommended,413150,21596535,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,LatherMeInSyrup,I love this game. Its so cute and the little scenes between the different characters are heart warming. Also Abigail is babe :DO....... the moral to this is to buy the game right now.
76561198051242703,Recommended,413150,21597340,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,thatdudescott,No girls wanted to dance with me at the flower dance so I went home and smashed rocks with a pickaxe. Just like back in high school.  10/10
76561198112091131,Recommended,413150,33159040,Posted: 2 July,all,Suavemente,"This is such a fun chill game to mess around in. Whether you are farming, fishing, fighting mobs, or just exploring, this game has to be one of my favorites."
76561198131141211,Recommended,413150,21595346,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,sensibleFacepalm,Did drugs with a wizard and adopted a dog named Cushie.10/10(get a scarecrow.)
,Recommended,413150,21596790,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MAD-COW,"Heavy breathing ""Only 15 secs into game already addicted and wanting to clean up my farm over the next 4hours."""
,Recommended,413150,21568436,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Roymitch,"This is the most charming game I have played in a long time and has absorbed many hours of mine because ""just one more day"". It plays similarly to the harvest moon games, clear an area, plant crops, save money and eventually buy a cow and slowly grow your little farm. This games also has a great atmosphere with charming villagers that each have their own schedule, birthdays, likes and dislikes. Along with seasonal events that really capture the magic of the small town. This game has been well worth the money spent."
,Recommended,413150,21596861,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,April Fools,"Heavily inspired by the Bokujou Monogatari(More commonly known as Harvest Moon made by Marvelous), Stardew Valley manages to be the kind of game that the series should have evolved into following 64 and Back To Nature. With all the old school charm and a mix of modern innovations that make the game an engaging experience. As a long time fan of Harvest Moon, I have anticipated Stardew Valley's launch since it's appearance on Greenlight. Now that it has arrived, it has the same addictive and child-like wonder that I had experienced playing 64 for the first time. Old farmhands and greenhorns alike, Stardew Valley has a lot to offer.WIth old staples like farming, fishing, mining, befriending villagers and getting married. And new exciting features like tapping trees, panning, gathering electricity, crafting, and so much more; there's so much to do. Customization of the interior of your house, freedom to customize your character, and same-sex marriage so that the LGBT crowd have the freedom to have an avatar that more accurately represents them while still being able to pursue their preferred sex.ConcernedApe has put a lot of love in this game and it really shows. Even after the games release, constantly updating the game, answering twitter, and has always thought of his fans first. Even if a rural life simulator doesn't sound like your cup of tea, mad respect for the man."
76561197984809362,Recommended,413150,21597394,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nesrie,"I will start by saying that yes, I've played Harvest Moon and Rune Factory before. In fact, I played the first one on SNES years ago, and have loved these games ever since. My favorite versions of these games, aside from SNES, has been on PSN and Wii. I play the 3DS games now, and they're charming and cute, relaxing even, but Stardew Valley really has that one more minute, one more day, I just need to see what's on the other side of the river kind of experience going for it.You'd think after years of playing these games, the charm, mystery or addiction would fade away. It hasn't. Every game has it's charm, it's frustration, it's uniqueness and this game is no different. What I find a bit fascinating is it feels and plays a lot like the original HM, and this isn't a bad thing. It's more free form without a long endless tutorial but there are quests that can keep you moving along. The interface isn't bad and more than servicable to the point where a lot of it is intuitive.There's a lot of content here, not just in terms of items but the world. Chunks of the world are blocked off initially, they open up later, and it still feels huge. Just when I start to feel myself complain about some mechanic, like the calendar being in town, i realize later I can earn that annoyance away.I've only played 2 hours so far, but I know what I like, and I like this. I am very excited and hopeful about MP too. Bringing this genre onto PC is awesome. Adding MP to it could just be the addition that keeps me at this game for hours.Now as far as technical issues are concerned. My PC is almost 5 years old now, has a legacy GPU (that still serves me very well actually), and I haven't had any issues so far.  I don't  mind using a keyboard and mouse at all. I will admit the consoles tend to have a more comfortable control scheme, more suited to the sit back and relax approach, even play in bed, but this works very well. The graphics are not great. They look fine on my PC, and they're charming.I can only hope this game will be very succesful all around and remind the deves and pubs, these games still sell. I wanted to wait until MP came out but... I just couldn't, and I am not sorry one bit."
,Recommended,413150,21595530,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jackie.gc,Talked to a little girl and just stared at her afterward.A question mark bubble appeared above her head and she ran away from me into a building that had more people in it.This game is waaaay too real.
76561198212270355,Recommended,413150,21595986,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Xorgone,"Spitting Image of Harvest Moon games.I've always looked for a game like this on PC, but was always disappointed.If you are hesitant to buy this game, just stop hesitating and buy it. It will be the best, and most fun way, you can spend $15. The developer is on top of support right now, and plans to expand the game into something amazing.10/10 already got 3 of my friends to play"
76561197979894788,Recommended,413150,21596442,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Revarin,"This game is really charming. The sounds are satisfying, the soundtrack is lovely, the aestetic is really well put together, the farming system is simple and easy to work with, and honestly the people in town feel like people to me; as in they are not all just cool/happy people they all have stuff going on.Overall, the game has a feeling that really makes it seem like it will take hundereds of hours to see/do everything and for $15 (USD) I can't really complain, and greatly recomend this game to everyone who likes SIM games."
,Recommended,413150,28084127,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aaron * Animenova.org ♡,A fun and entertaining game to relax
76561198051250575,Recommended,413150,29958991,Posted: 16 February,all,DNGNmsta,"My goodness is this game a gem. Everytime I think about how this was made by one guy I am just astonished. Such a beautiful and addicting game about building a farm and relationships, or mining, fishing, digging through trash strategically as to not get caught by your neighbors, Routine simulator, achievement hunters dream, the list goes on. < 3"
,Recommended,413150,21994657,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,GarretMP,"Every so often, a game comes out that grabs my attention and doesn't let go. Stardew Valley is one of those games. There's already stellar, amazing reviews out there for it. You farm, you mine, you fish, you make money, you make friends with the locals, and so on. It's a callback to Harvest Moon's golden days. This can all be seen in the trailer.What you don't see is what makes this game special. Stardew Valley is different because you're the one setting the goals. You'll constantly find yourself saying, ""well if I had this, I could do that,"" and before you know it, you've set yourself on a non-existent quest to accomplish something new. And Stardew Valley has *a lot* of new. Even after the first in-game year, you'll be finding new things you want to accompish, and new ways to do things.That all being said, Stardew Valley is downright worth your cash. If you're the kind of person who's wondering if you'll get your money's worth, take a look at the average playtime of the other reviewers here. You'll see the money to playtime ratio is *really good*, which is something a lot of $60 AAA's can't say. If you think you might enjoy this game, you almost definitely will."
,Recommended,413150,26956203,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drake,"Probably one of my games of the year. Considering I'm normally a survival and violence kind of guy, Stardew is really different to my norm. It looks amazing, the story is wonderful and its such a chill game. The dev is also fantastic and I can't wait to see the introduction of multiplayer (hopefully) down the lineYou won't get away with a couple of hours. You'll get sucked in"
,Recommended,413150,21640001,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,XeropoinT,"I've played a LOT of this game. 30 hours is wrong. I've played more like 50 hours if you count all my time offline. It's a wonderful game with a fantastic feel. Harvest Moon inspired with a great pixel art aesthetic. All of this from ONE DEVELOPER over FOUR YEARS! Absolutely incredible. I have purchased the game multiple times to give away to people who didn't have it yet, and I don't feel bad about that at all.Pros:-RAPID resolution of bugs discovered by the userbase (CA puts out very regular patches)-Whimsical atmosphere and pleasing aesthetic-Entertaining side-quests and random missions to keep you engaged-Edible Amethyst! Abigail, never change...-Something for everyone! Farmers, Wine Vineyards, Honey Farms, Ranchers! Want to explore the world and forage? you can do that, too! Dungeons and combat as well for the adventurers-Objectives presented in a clean and straightforward manner-Endless! The game doesn't end after year four like Harvest Moon!-Multiplayer to be added soonCons:-Annoying bugs pop up from time to time, but never gamebreaking-certain menus can be difficult to navigate, and you cannot change joystick sensitivity for gamepads-It has utterly consumed my life. My family is growing concerned...-Character randomly veers off in a direction you do not intend while holding down the A button on a controller-Multiplayer isn't here yet."
,Recommended,413150,27518701,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kestopher,"I wanted to wait until I finished upgrading my house, marrying, & having kids before doing a review. I have nominated this game for a Steam Award though and one of the challenges with that is writing a review. I have nominated it for the category that was obvious for me, the ""Just 5 More Minutes Award"". Everybody can nominate their favorite games, so I definitely recommend that you go and give your favorites a vote! This  game is so addicting, I've read some reviews and blogs and I agree that one of the main contributing factors is the day and night cycle. Getting to the end of a day and seeing all the gold you have racked up by harvesting, crafting, mining, or fishing, really makes you want to press on and accomplish more of your goals the next day. You might say, well you could just save whenever you want right? No that is the beauty in the design choice that keeps you hooked. The only way to save is to get to the end of the day and go to sleep. So ""Just 5 More Minutes"" is really more like ""Just 20 or 30 More Minutes"" in reality.I love the pixel graphics, it doesn't do it for some, but I have always found this style to be pleasing. This really is a beautiful pixelated game too, it is top notch in the category for sure. One of the most amazing things about Stardew Valley is that it was created by one man. His developer name is ConcernedApe and his real name is Eric Barone. He worked on Stardew Valley 10 hours a day, 7 days a week, and still managed to work part time at a movie theater as an usher. All of that was kept up for 4 years and the result of his dedication is one of the most amazing stories of 2016. This game has been topping the charts on Steam and is coming to other platforms. Barone has been keeping up with fixing bugs, crashes, & other general problems better than many large companies. It is so expansive and detailed that it is hard to wrap your mind around it being made by just one guy.So let's get to the story, you inherit a farm from your grandfather who gives you the deed and a letter but tells you not to open it until life starts breaking you down. Working for the Joja corporation you begin to tire of the daily grind and realize the gift you have received. Once you arrive to Pelican Town in Stardew Valley you have your work cut out for you on a sizable chunk of farmland. This game definitely takes inspiration from a number of predecessors. The most obvious one is Harvest Moon, there is also some hints of Animal Crossing, early Zelda games, and from what I hear Terraria because of the amazing crafting elements. Crafting is definitely one of my favorite aspect in the game. You keep the wood, sap, rocks, minerals, etc, and create different fertilizers and machines that aid you in your journey and make your crops more profitable.There are so many different ways to build up your farm and character, while making the money you need to sustain your current ventures. The fishing mini game is notoriously difficult at first but seriously fun when you get into a groove with it and get it down. The mines have monsters that you fight off with swords and recover items from, while you collect the precious ores that you use to craft items and upgrade your tools. It may sound silly but even just clearing land and   preparing your crops can be loads of fun if you are in the mood for it. I have gotten to the point now that I just craft sprinklers to sustain what plants I can and focus more on the villagers, fishing, and mining. The great thing though is I can always change that if I tire of those things and switch to another set of daily tasks to get more fulfillment. All these tasks do drain your energy, and in the case of the fights in the mines, your health. There are several options to help restore these two meters. You can eat food that you find, buy, cook, or are gifted by other villagers. You can craft potions once you level up to a certain point, out of mushrooms and other items. You can also take a trip to the spa for some quick relaxation that helps get you back in working shape. Of course the other option is to just go ahead and crash out and give it another go the next day.One thing I kind of glossed over but is an awesome feature that was done very well in my opinion, is the relationships. You build bonds with the townspeople by talking to them and giving them gifts that they like. You can also complete quests for them from the town bulletin board that is in front of Pierre's the local store. You can go in blind and play the guessing game with gifts until you find out what they really like, or you can go to one of the wikis or walk throughs to see what it is that person you have an eye out for really loves. There are some really neat cut scenes the further you get along with a character. It also takes a great direction towards sexuality. You can romance and be married to anybody you like that is single, regardless of gender. If a couple of two men or two women marry they are able to have children through adoption. I was worried they would be excluded from children or have them show up unexplained, but this was a great step to work that out. A new feature in the game is also digital divorce. This was added with a plethora of other features such as being able to move barn buildings after having them built, and an awesome line up of starting farms to choose from. Such as one with better mining, fishing, or foraging opportunities, or one where the monsters come out at night and you have to be prepared for battle.Events are another great strongpoint in Stardew Valley. They have activities such as fishing competitions or mini games, all of the townspeople get together, & there are usually items that you can get that you wouldn't be able to otherwise. I also would like to mention the awesome little museum right next to the blacksmith that you are able to bring your treasures to that you find while out mining and foraging. This makes for an great display of your finds and you are rewarded for the items you bring in. The library that it is connected to I thought was a very clever way to give tips and hints. You dig up lost library books while foraging under what appears to be a few little worms or something, then they appear for you to read at your leisure with the rest of them. There are a lot of little touches like that which give Stardew a great sense of care and personality.There are some features I would like to see added. It is hard to find people (even though they do follow strict habits that you can figure out over time). I feel like this could be fixed with a little gps dot on the map showing the people's locations, it would help especially with the tasks from the bulletin board that need to be completed within a couple of days having to do with people you don't usually follow around, so don't know their habits. I do also see how this could go against the feel of the game, it is very wholesome and everything is done the old fashioned way, but it is just a thought. I've gotten to the point where I can craft warp totems with resources for a single use to the beach or the mountains. This is a good feature for how big the map is with such little time, but I would have liked to see a larger permanent option, possibly from Robin the carpenter. It could cost a ton of money and resources and it would be totally worth it. One more small suggestion would be a little more depth with conversation, such as more times that you are able to choose what to say to the person and having that effect future conversations, or more times that you can play mini games with the person. These are just some thoughts after putting a good amount of time into the game, but I still really think that it is a nearly perfect game, and such an amazing accomplishment for one man.For more video game news & reviews be sure to follow the blogHttp://www.SublimeGameReviews.wordpress.com& follow on instagram & twitter @SublimeReviews"
,Recommended,413150,21676259,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,muffin,"Stardew Valley finally is, what I have missed in Harvest Moon for so long. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,413150,21548614,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,XIII,"This game is love, this game is life..."
,Recommended,413150,33507506,Posted: 13 July,all,(o_o) woof,"Stardew Valley is about being closer to nature and your fellow neighbors, but this game is super addicting and keeps me in my bedroom, alone, infront of the monitor for hours...I really didn't think this type of game would make me addicted, such as farming and it being pixelated like 'Terraria', but it is amazing and an adventure you wouldn't want to miss.Also, the soundtrack is very nice and calming. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21607748,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Solidhazard,"Well, I'm an avid fan of Harvest Moon series but yes guys, Stardew Valley is a must-have-title! First 5 hours of non-stop playtime and every second is magical!Ditched FM 16 simply because I'm too addicted to expand my farm..MUST BUY!"
76561198030601762,Recommended,413150,21607888,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kodex Watson,"Gets tons of acreage of land from grandpa, goes fishing everyday instead of farming, I'm pretty sure I'm doing this perfectly"
76561197998346903,Recommended,413150,21609313,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Skya,"Awesome game, awesome developer. Keep up the good work, ConcernedApe!"
76561197986932207,Recommended,413150,21610347,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,loogawa,"This game is absolutely amazing. If you ever loved a harvest moon or animal crossing game, this is a must buy. The visuals really, really grow on you. There is too much to even touch on, but there is so much freedom and the developer is amazing.It's perfect. MUST BUY."
,Recommended,413150,21579885,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Rendp,finally i can play game like this after 10 year ago :D waiting for Multiplayer Mode
76561198010357018,Recommended,413150,21608744,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SkywardSpoon,Want a relaxing yet addicting game?Did you enjoy Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing?Do you like great pixel art?GET THIS GAME
76561198039772472,Recommended,413150,21690152,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Always Disconnect,"Oh man....I miss Harvest Moon so much.===============================Just like old time!!This game make my childhood become alive again.I spend 14 hours with this game although this week I have exam lol!=================================================================================You just remind me that  how much do I love to play game like this before.Even though in this day we have a lot of new games that use high technology and cost a lot of money to develop but hey ... Happiness and Fun don't alway mean beautiful graphic or how real it is.=================================================================================That 14.6 hours was the great times in many years.All I want to say is ""Thank you so much ConcernedApe!!""          10/10 from my heart"
,Recommended,413150,30300390,Posted: 3 March,all,№rti,"I usually hate these sort of games.I don't care for NPC interactions usually unless there's some special quest or item I can get. I am the worst sort of button mashing gamer when it comes to repetitive actions in games, usually accompanied with an irritable 'Ugh'.Stardew Valley has all this. It's repetitive and the game builds on repetitive actions with, guess what, more repetitive action. Yet I can't stop playing it. It's brilliant and charming and I love it.It's the ultimate chill game and although the whole premise of the game is to get through each day, carrying out the reptitive routines to care for your ever expanding farm and social interactions, it's just so satisfying. The game is about getting away from the daily grind and it places you in a world where, although you have to manage your time and resources, it does take you away from feeling tied to playing a certain way.You can fish, you can mine and fight monsters, you can tend to fruit, veg and flowers or you can raise animals and create produce. You can do all of the above or one of the above or a mix. Your farm can be structured and efficent or pretty or just however it turns out. There's a satisfying freedom in this game that many games cannot deliver and yet it is so simple and charming. The art style is pretty and the music is happy and relaxing. None of the mechanics, no matter how many times you repeat them, are frustrating and the reward is that you are constantly moving towards whatever goal you've set yourself.It runs well and there are very few bugs. It was possibly the best £10 game I have ever purchased. In my opinion this is one of those rare gems that people will say years down the line 'remember that game, Stardew Valley?' and go home and fire it up again.The only downside is, much like in game, time is a resource and you will happily pour a lot of it into playing."
,Recommended,413150,24505784,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,GBirkol,"I think this is the best agriculture game i have ever played.-it's amazingly addictive. you can manage your skills on certain levels.-There are many activity that you can do; farming fishing, minining, foraging.-Environmental diversity is really good. Variable fruits and vegetables can be bought based on season.-Crafting thing is really good, you can learn how to craft something in time, also you can buy blueprints from the carpenter. basic tools (axe, pickaxe, hoe, water can) are upgradeable.-You can feed farm animals and they produce milk, wool, egg.. and these products can be used for making cheese mayonnaise, cloth etc..I can make a lot of compliment to this game but i need to milk my cows ;)"
76561198078057150,Recommended,413150,26549563,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Where is my Senpai?,"If you ever want to get away from civilization without actually leaving civilization, this feel-good game is definitely the way to go."
76561198004394428,Recommended,413150,27376244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Funkenstein,"Probably one of my favourite games, I have sunk 100+ hours into it and im still loving. It's the perfect way to wind down after a stressful day"
,Recommended,413150,28601495,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hyper Sleeper,"I've only been playing this game for almost 9 hours but I can say that I am addicted to it already. It's really amazing. Get this game, you won't regret it.EDIT :I'm on 48 hours now and this game is still amazing!I haven't even finished half of the bundles yet and there's so many surprises that are still coming.It is really addicting and impressive, I think I won't get tired playing this game."
,Recommended,413150,21538718,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Dankk,This game is badass
76561198108035499,Recommended,413150,30579303,Posted: 17 March,all,Fitzzy US,"Ok, so, now that I have officially played over 24 hours of Stardew Valley I think it's safe to say that I can give this game a fair review.This game reminds me of terraria and minecraft in a lot of ways while being completely and utterly different in every way. The way this game adds a story to the free-roam style play is magnificent. You can't really avoid the main story, but when you play this game you don't want to. In this game you are free to do whatever you want. If you want to mine, you can mine. If you want to forage, then forage. You're not limited to any one thing, make the experience your own.If you're looking for a fast-paced game that you can compelete in a few hours and call it good, then this isn't the one for you. I have spent a day of my life dedicated to playing time and I feel like I'm maybe 5-10% of the way through. Stardew Valley requires your persistence and emotions. Stardew Valley is more than just a game.The only grievances I have with the game is the fact that there is no multiplayer, and that the world is a limited size. That being said, the game was not intended for co-op play and should not be overlooked because it doesn't have multiplayer. As far as map size goes it may be limited, but what you can do in the map is unlimited.Overall, I would have to give Stardew Valley a 9.8/10. It's a fantastic game that anyone can play and fall in love with. I would 100% recommend this game to a friend."
76561198025071597,Recommended,413150,21632407,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Quasar,This game was created by one person! :O  It's packed with things to do and supported with constant updates!
76561197980003600,Recommended,413150,27868984,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Across24,"There comes a point in every gamer's life where he or she must lean back, look at what they have done for 90+ hours, and ask, ""was it all worth it?""Yes.Yes it was."
,Recommended,413150,23944467,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kiwi INC™,I love this game to piece but I've been waiting forever for the update.
,Recommended,413150,28819145,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ningenfunsen,10 hours in and im pretty sure im never having my life back
,Recommended,413150,23677566,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,✪ Lexie ♥,amazing game. fun to play
,Recommended,413150,22834615,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Phireflyer,This game is well worth the money. ConcernedApe is constantly adding improvements and content to the game. In my opinion this is better than any Harvest Moon and relate games to date. It's an improved Harvest Moon with some Terarria mixed in.There are 10 dateable candidates and you can marry whoever you'd like regardless of your characters sex and still have/adopt up to 2 children. You can place your crafted items virtually anywhere. This game touches on some serious topics that really tug on your heart strings.I can't wait for the future updates.
76561198054203936,Recommended,413150,24096156,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Riku_SlayerS,"Agriculture?... checkAnimal husbandry?... checkCustomizing your farm to fit your personality?... checkLight RPG elements and mob slaying?... checkWooing the bachelorette or bachelor of your choice?... double check!Stardew Valley is a modern take with a few fantasy elements of its predecessors Harvest Moon and Rune Factory (to a certain degree). Craft your own RP story and watch it unfold. The first season may seem tedious and slow, but the game does a good job in sucking you into its folds, leaving you addicted to play more. For the price and many hours put into the game, it’s a must have if you love these types of games. The game has mostly positive aspects that makes the game popular as many people have noted in their reviews; however, the game is not perfect.Two aspects I wish to see improved is (1) an improved end game (after the 3rd or 4th year) and (2) tweak/change to festivals. As it stands, there is really nothing much/new after the 3rd year. At this point, most of the in game story or objectives are completed and the player will have a huge accumulation of wealth without anything to spend on. Perhaps an addition of new mechanics and events that occur only after the 3rd year will make the game more lively and interesting. In addition to an improved end game, festivals during the different years need to be more fleshed out. I found that as the years go by and with the same festivals offered, it just became more of a chore than fun to attend. Perhaps introducing new festivals or even completing certain or new objectives be a reward incentive to create festivals of your choice and when they are held.Other than these suggestions, it was a game worth spending to play.9.5/10"
,Recommended,413150,23246387,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TreKs,"I came into this expecting Harvest Moon on PC, and came away with something much, much better. Stardew Valley takes what Harvest Moon does, and cranks everything up to eleven. With a thousand different ways to make money, extremely customizable land, and heavy rpg aspects to boot, this game blows all others in its category out of the water. Mods are going to come out soon, and that is only going to make the game better. Nintendo better watch their back, if they keep letting amazing developers like this take similar games to new platforms like the pc and phone, then they won't have a business by the time this guy releases his next game."
,Recommended,413150,21640940,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,目標在哪,Brings back lots of memories on harvest moon!
,Recommended,413150,21641773,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Fap Jerkason,Yes -- it is THAT GOOD.
76561198041199233,Recommended,413150,22644067,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Dubious Doobie,Send help
,Recommended,413150,33569096,Posted: 15 July,all,Salty Sami,"Extremely addicting. I hope on because I don't know what to play and I think I'm already bored of it then I end up playing about 5 hours straight. Warning: Stock up on many drinks and food and put a hole in your chair with a bucket under it so you can take a crap, eat and do all that good stuff while playing, because when you're hungry, thirsty or you really need to drop a log, you won't wanna get up because you're playing this game. Also I'd recommend waiting for this game to go on sale, it goes on sale frequently and I think £6.49 is a more suitable price than £10.99, 9/10 - Too much addiction."
,Recommended,413150,32720112,Posted: 24 June,all,#CoK Rolf McNugget,Im not a indie type person. But this type of farming sim is alot of fun and relaxing.big props to the dude that made this.Like one dude can make a good indie game while companies make early access games that are garbage.gr8 job dude :D
76561198034853903,Recommended,413150,24252756,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,BartekBaree,"So far I've only put two hours into this game.. then I asked for a refund.Why did I do that might you ask? Because I felt I was becoming addicted to this game,After two hours of grinding and farming I feel like I became addicted to the grind and my cocaine farm..now I might buy it again..f**k guysGoodbye social life..Seriously this is more addictive than smoking.Other than that it's a great game and you should probably play it."
,Recommended,413150,21495740,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Squidy The Kawaii Princess,"20 hours... in two days...No wonder my family doesn't love me, eh, who cares, I got you, Abby <3"
,Recommended,413150,22655462,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,BubbleErza,"Can't believe this game was mostly made by a single man, from the coding, to the artwork, to the soundtrack...*slow clap* bravo... BRAVO!"
,Recommended,413150,27359519,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raicious,"This game has so much character to it.Building your own farm into something you organise, decorate and love. Interacting with NPC's with little stories that you can delve into by talking to them and becoming friends with.I could not recommend this game more and the more I say the less time you spend playing it. Go buy it. NOW!"
,Recommended,413150,32887815,Posted: 27 June,all,Astolphia❧,Also clos to best gem on stim.
,Recommended,413150,33873250,Posted: 28 July,all,Pork-Slice,"Long story short:A masterpeice passion product from a Dev who listened and gave a s***. Indearing art style, packed with hours of discovery and nuance. Endlessly replayable and leaves you coming back for more every time... AND YOU KEEP DISCOVERING MORE! IT took me to somewhere around the 87 hour mark to feel like I had seen all there was to see at the base level and I stil haven't collected everything, gotten married, or spent much time in some of the secret places.Long Story medium I guess.10 out of 10: Worth every penny. In my Top 5."
,Recommended,413150,26325817,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,chef gazpacho,"Love this game so much! It has so much to it, the only thing I wish was different was if there was more crops. This game is so great and I totally recomend it if you like games that are farming, lifestlye (kinda), and not real time."
,Recommended,413150,33110767,Posted: 1 July,all,The Okayest,"A slow-paced farming simulation game. You can also marry someone else, fish, fight monsters, and more stuff. Mostly about farming, though."
,Recommended,413150,26940637,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✠♆ L u c i f e r ♆✠,Chickens are cool
,Recommended,413150,27003984,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,spyjye,Best farming i enjoyed too much
,Recommended,413150,33424507,Posted: 10 July,all,Aleriza,You will get addicted everytime you play the game again
,Recommended,413150,28873395,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,genegerbread,"This is probably one of the most spectacular games I have ever set foot on. Months before, I had placed this game on my wishlist without giving it much thought. It seemed like a normal NES style farming simulator. When I looked more into the game, I was absolutely blown away by the concept of the game.Every sort of natural event that would happen in real life also happens in the game. Probably my two favorites are the changing of seasons (and how they took advantage of the length of each season and made it an annual calender with events and birthdays), as well as the storms, which actually strike down certain weaker objects (such as fences).Stardew Valley brings back the true definition of gaming and what it was purely meant to be. Tons of companies are going with the corporate motto and don't take much time to think about how unique their games could actually be if they truly cared. (I'm specifically looking at you, FPS games). Stardew Valley revives what it was like to ENJOY a game rather than being completely addicted to it.One last thing that I'd like to acknowledge is the fact that one person created this entire game. The music, plot, lore, the code, etcetera. It's very impressive to see one person so dedicated to what they're doing, and it shows through any game how dedicated the developer(s) are to doing this.Overall, there's not much that I can say that's bad about Stardew Valley. It's very cleanly executed. You can interact with other characters in ways unimaginable compared to other games. This game will let you be yourself. You can customize yourself at the very start, saying what you like or don't like and which pet you like. These things ultimately lead up to certain events. I love this game. It's beautiful, clean, designed ingeniously, and it's a game that you're not only addicted to, but one you can enjoy.also you can be gay which is cool"
,Recommended,413150,21843379,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,You wouldn't download a car,"The sequel to Harvest Moon: Back to Nature I've been waiting for for over a decade. This game exemplifies the best aspects of indie game development, a developer who is in touch with gamers and knows what they want. Got a solid 100 hours of enjoyment out of it, for $15. Couldn't recommend this more."
,Recommended,413150,21616917,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Roasting Humanity,So many Spoilers.End up buying this game unconciousness.10/10Learning takes time.Playing this game is satisfying.Keep up the good work.
76561198159640840,Recommended,413150,30022179,Posted: 18 February,all,Bo0kwerm,Practically ruining my life. Thanks. Now to try and infect my friends.
76561197999163977,Recommended,413150,22559887,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Oddvacado,"I love Harvest Moon, so I naturally figured I would really like this game as somewhat of a clone of the Harvest Moon formula. Stardew Valley went above and beyond my expectations, however, and has literally pulled 100+ hours from me in the last 2 weeks. These have been the most relaxing and fun hours I've ever had in a game of this genre. There is so much to do, and yet, there's never a major rush to doing it all. This game leaves no room for sad and just keeps being happy. I love it."
76561198020603942,Recommended,413150,32994234,Posted: 29 June,all,OG Slav ☭,A game that you just sit back and relax
76561198108698244,Recommended,413150,32922202,Posted: 28 June,all,RoAcHQAQZ,"Great game , for Chinese it has a better name called ""Lv Mao Gu"" ."
76561198336529730,Recommended,413150,33887274,Posted: 29 July,all,Dem_Fluffz,its awesome!
,Recommended,413150,30252284,Posted: 28 February,all,fjore,best dating sim i've ever played
,Recommended,413150,24717885,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,The Geeky Gimp,"Addictive and well worth the money - even if I don't have the desire to play anymore after a certain point. This is cute, fun, and frustrating in the best way possible."
76561198224464756,Recommended,413150,29873765,Posted: 12 February,all,RacoonRobin,ITS SO CUTE ^-^
76561198353125143,Recommended,413150,30165342,Posted: 25 February,all,james.ess,Haven't enjoyed a game this much in years. Can see myself playing this for a long time
76561198053918585,Recommended,413150,30188029,Posted: 25 February,all,simon_chef81,"Only 7 game days in, already hooked. Don't even know why I'm bothering typing this with the thousands of positive reviews out there. I debated buying it for a while, now I know they were days I could've had crops growing!"
76561198168406862,Recommended,413150,28513605,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ellie,"One more day, you tell yourself and soon it's been an hour and you don't know what real life is. It lets you set your own pace if you want to destroy monsters you can, if you don't then that's fine too. You can do that later.I highly reccomend this game, it sucks you right in."
76561198130230408,Recommended,413150,30165002,Posted: 25 February,all,Neville,I played it for a good few hours; I had to stop myself or I would go on forever.
,Recommended,413150,21569863,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Zebrion,"I don't often write reviews of games here on Steam, because quite honestly most games don't make me care enough to bother.Stardew Valley is different.I knew this from the moment I first opened the game, heard the nostalgic low-fi tune of the music and saw the pixelated art style that reminded me of my time growing up playing video games on the earliest consoles.  The game had my attention immediately, and from then on I expected a nice trip down memory lane and a couple hours of decent gameplay.  That is where Stardew Valley surprised me.  As I started to play, figured out the controls, the basic gameplay, it hit me that underneath that unassuming art style was depth.  I was intrigued, so I kept digging (literally at some points) within the game, uncovering all new semi-hidden features.  Every time I thought ""aha, I've got it, I've reached the endgame"" the game would dump me on my head and reveal yet another system behind it.That's the thing with Stardew Valley.  It tricks you into believing that it's less than it really is.  I'm 50 hours in, and I finally understand that even after all my work in the game, I'm just scratching the surface.  Every day that I play, I figure out something new - whether that be a new way to organize my sprinklers to maximize my farm's output, or how to rotate in growth cycles for the natural environment around my farm so that I don't run out of trees to chop, or learning how to stockpile ahead of the winter season.The game is also full of choice - which is something you may not see right at the start.  In the beginning, you're simply trying to dig and farm and scrape together some gold to buy more seeds to plant, but as you get a few seasons in, you start realizing there are other things to do besides farming, and those things all compete for your time and energy.  Do I want to go hunting for more hardwood today, or explore the mine some more?  I can't do both, there's not enough time!  Do I want to sell those crops for a huge stack of gold or save them for the upcoming fall event to put them on display?  Do I want to use that gold bar I just got to make another sprinkler, or do I want to use it to unlock one of the bundles to progress the town center?  These are just some of the examples of decisions that you make every single game day.As a result, you find yourself organizing, planning your days out ahead, getting into a routine.  For me, it became a very zen experience.  Every day I'd wake up, check the TV to see if I could learn a new recipe from the cooking show.  I'd pet my cat Hades, walk outside, check all my crafting I set to run through the night.  Then I go feed my chickens and cows, gather up the eggs and milk, maybe make a breakfast or turn them into mayonnaise or cheese to sell, water the crops, harvest the ones that are done... then off to do my choice for the day.  It's very relaxing to be able to just go and do things.So should you buy it?  If you're a fan of the genre, or just looking for something to kill time, absolutely.  Seriously stop reading my review right now and purchase it.  If you're looking for high-octane fast-paced kill fests, this might not be your cup of tea.  There is combat in the game, but it's very basic.  That being said, if you like those games, but are looking for something different, give it a shot.Now, time to go start my next Summer season.  I've got corn to plant!"
76561198167187307,Recommended,413150,34271387,Posted: 16 August,all,General Lincoln,"Pretty good, the story of the game is amazing but do not go into this game expecting it all to be story based... its basically a farming simulator. Not to discredit the game, this is an amazing game if you know what your are getting into."
76561198202132497,Recommended,413150,34836099,Posted: 9 September,all,DankVader,Great game!
76561198143467601,Recommended,413150,23106166,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,RingsOverElevens™音楽,"This is by far one of the best games I have ever played. If you love customization and getting a nice looking base, this game is for you, and for the price of only $15, you really can't go wrong."
76561198146018059,Recommended,413150,35043342,Posted: 18 September,all,cape.goodridge,"This game is so good, really addictive"
76561197964889006,Recommended,413150,22910693,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Saikron,"You can tell this game was crafted with passion. The core gameplay is similar to cookie clicker - grow A to sell for $100 so you can buy seeds for B to grow and sell for $500 and so on, but what really impressed me was how well the game conveys the feeling of living in Pleasantville USA. The townspeople are friendly with a bunch of different personalities and secret problems.I'm usually a very ""get the OP weapon and beat the game as fast as possible"" type of player, but Stardew Valley is one of the very few games where I enjoyed messing around as much as I enjoyed trying to best my own high scores."
,Recommended,413150,28178231,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dead2TheWorld,"10/10 SDV is an amazing game. I have logged 100+ hours on this game (offline mode) and I am still not sick of it! This is the first time I've enjoyed a farming game. I have never enjoyed any other farming game - yes, I have never played Harvest Moon. The music, the graphics, the npcs... everything in the game succeeds at giving the player a fun environment. Time flies by without you knowing. I bought this game for the full price... and let me just say it is totally worth it!"
,Recommended,413150,34743968,Posted: 4 September,all,LarryAsylum,"Stardew Valley is one of those games you can pick up and destroy a bad mood. Everything from the characters to the music is just very relaxing, upbeat and overall happy. To me, Stardew Valley is theraputic. If you need a game to pour some time in to with a smile on your face, buy it."
,Recommended,413150,34892304,Posted: 11 September,all,labrys,i lost my entire sense of time from playing this game 12 hours straight. i don't remember eating
,Recommended,413150,34113746,Posted: 8 August,all,Doctor ZuZu,"I entered the game as a man, left as a farmer."
,Recommended,413150,27652779,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MonsterBoon,"If you like harvest moon, you will love this game"
,Recommended,413150,33003561,Posted: 29 June,all,Pancakes,Harvest Moon 2.0 in a good way
76561198252167064,Recommended,413150,33003559,Posted: 29 June,all,domigejmer,I stopped watching porn. Because I play this game all day.
,Recommended,413150,33967985,Posted: 2 August,all,Smash Mouth,111/10 would buy again
,Recommended,413150,33188114,Posted: 3 July,all,Carty,"Love this game, it's a game that you can play for long hours on end and enjoy it all while doing so"
76561198098423234,Recommended,413150,32955217,Posted: 28 June,all,Sera セラ,"I have put 140 hours into the game and I have to say it is boring at first but later on in the game it gets so much fun since you're exploring caves, trying to make wealth off your farm,and finding your dream waifu, have useless kiddos that do nothing valueable but hey maybe they can do something in the next update."
,Recommended,413150,33783981,Posted: 25 July,all,alberona,addiction network commercial plays in backgroundhelp me.. i can't stop. i've planted 40 pumpkin seeds with 6 days left of fall. oh no11/10 would recommend despite my terrible timing when it comes to planting
,Recommended,413150,21829829,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Nova Wolfie,This game is not bad. It is not good. It is not Great. It is not awesome. It is not stupid. It is just... Mmm. Mmm? MMMMMM!!!!!! Why is this game so FUN?!?!?!? It has no reason to be FUN but it also has every reason to be FUN!!! MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!! ITS SO GOOD!-Best Time Waster Ever. 10/10-
76561198275691649,Recommended,413150,32889231,Posted: 27 June,all,Big Shaq,This game is very fun and relaxing to play would recommend
,Recommended,413150,29332695,Posted: 18 January,all,Sue,The best game I ever played.+ Incredible characters+ Incredible story+ Incredible gameplay.+ You'll cry ever ending year cause you'll be pround+ Beautiful 2D graphics- Nothing10/10
,Recommended,413150,34472541,Posted: 24 August,all,thedeedster,"I can't remember the last time I was this addicted to a game. Surprisingly deep gameplay and story with a relaxing attitude, if only more games could be this good..."
,Recommended,413150,33411138,Posted: 9 July,all,Mr. Legacyblade,"If you've ever liked a harvest moon game, you'll love this. It takes all the best elements from harvest moon, and fixes the dumb crap we put up with. For the first time ever, the mines are actually fun. The post-marriage life isn't nearly as vibrent asWonderful Life (my personal favorite harvest moon), but Wonderful Life was an oddity.If you've never been able to get into a harvest moon game, I'd still recomend giving this one a try. It's pretty easy for newcomers, and I know a few people that hate harvest moon but love this."
76561198068769211,Recommended,413150,21599687,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Hector,"I spent 20 minutes or so looking for a flower, just to give it to a character I wanted to romance as a gift.When I finally found the flower, I walked by an old lady who told me that she used to enjoy looking at the clouds, but that with the age it was getting harder and harder to do so.I felt kinda bad so I decided to give her the flower.10/10. Would ♥♥♥♥ granny again."
76561198052910935,Recommended,413150,29935017,Posted: 14 February,all,Traktoro,Very relaxing game that allows you to do everything at your pace. There are multiple activities that you can do throughout the day depending on your preferences. The characters of the town also all have their own personalities so it's almost as if you're really making friends with them as you meet them. Fantastic game for its price!
,Recommended,413150,33630897,Posted: 18 July,all,⛥D-N⛥ Mat Stella,Honestly I can't really say anything bad about this game.  What more could you want than to be a farmer and romance a good portion of the town.  This is truly one of my all time favorite games.
,Recommended,413150,22602166,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,M16A4,Some days I spend more time in Stardew Valley than in New York.
,Recommended,413150,22663545,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Koalas in Pajamas,I'm a huge Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons/Rune Factory fan and this game has nearly everything I wished those games would have had.
,Recommended,413150,27734666,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,*DFC*Comrade Pavel,"Stardew Valley came out at the perfect time for me. I was looking for a non AAA game, and lo and behold this plops right in front of me out of the blue at the top of the steam charts. So I took a chance on this game that I knew nothing about besides that you farm and it was very popular on steam at the time. Needless to say, this game now has a place in my favourite games of all time. The mechanics are very good, the people you meet in the game are memorable and very interesting, but I want to talk about one specific thing. The music. THE. MUSIC.Now, to preface, I've been composing music for about 12 years, and have been producing and working as an engineer in a studio for about 4, so I like to think I know what I'm talking about. Now, on to the sound track itself. The quality of the songs varies very little through out. I expected with such a long soundtrack that there were bound to be a few duds, because it happens. I was pleasantly surprised to find that I enjoyed all the songs on the soundtrack. From start to finish theres a nice variety of genres spread out here.The insturmentation also varies very little, and that A strength this game has going for it. It's simple, and I mean that in the most glowing way possible. As you listen to the music you get the sense of familiarity from the songs, which is multiplied when you're actually in-game. It helps immerse you in the world of Stardew Valley, which is something I always look for in the music.One aspect I really enjoyed was how some of the songs are themed by season. On the soundtrack theres 3 songs for each season. This helps lend to the immersion aspect I talked about above. For me, I know it's Spring or Fall when I hear one of the specific songs pop up.On that note, the composition is really this whole thing comes together. The spring themed songs have a nice sparse airy feel to them, and sound like spring time music. Likewise the winter songs have are synth heavy, and lend themselves to a more moody sound with more minor keys present than the other seasons. I also enjoy the different insturmentation for each season, that was a very smart design decision and helps with the immersion aspect in a big way.In short, BUY THE DAMN SOUNDTRACK. It's easily the best game soundtrack I've ever listened to, and to me it was so good to the point where I bought it and listen to it in my stereo all the time. The way it fits into Stardew Valley as a whole and punctuates some of the areas of the game just help to solidfy Stardew Valley as one of the best games to come out in a long time, and in my opinion, make it a must buy. Get. It. Now."
76561198043132450,Recommended,413150,24251943,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,streea_davis,"I was hooked on this game by day 3. The game is satisfying even if you only have ~15 minutes to play a ""day,"" so it's the perfect casual game if you have a lot on your real life plate. There's always so much to do that I oftentimes wish days would last longer, but part of the charm is that you can only focus on a few things each day. When your real life is so busy, it's very zen-like to play a character where it's the little day-to-day things that make up the entirety of your day."
76561197962833789,Recommended,413150,25905072,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Porkchop Express,"Incredible game and very engrossing. The developer has created a game with a lot of soul and exploration. The game is so good that even having ""finished"" it, I plan to go back through again from the beginning."
,Recommended,413150,32773081,Posted: 25 June,all,Dr. Dusty,11/10 Would recommend to farmer friends xD
,Recommended,413150,28641328,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Nitrogen2Oxygen,"This game is amazing, if you played  harvest moon or a game similar you will love this game. It may seem boring at first but as you play you just don't want to stop. I played this game for 6 straight hours and I made so much progress and had so much more fun."
,Recommended,413150,27677719,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,graventy,What a fantastic and lovely farming simulator.  A love letter to Harvest Moon.
,Recommended,413150,22077212,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Balor,"Stardew Valley is the spiritual successor to Harvest Moon 64. If you enjoyed HM64, you will enjoy this.Highlights:-Deep characters/dialogue (something this genre really hasn’t seen since HM64).-Same-sex marriage – Seriously love the dev for this. Many gay dating scenes have completely separate dialogue, and it is very well-done.-Tripping in the Wizard’s tower. ‘Nuff Said.This is a solid game that will please old fans of the genre and newcomers alike. The characters/cutscenes are incredibly charming, and you can tell the dev put a lot of heart into it. Definitely hoping for a sequel."
76561198086359735,Recommended,413150,33350943,Posted: 7 July,all,KrystalAlien,"Words cannot describe the amazing, outstanding and unbelievably masterpiece that is this game. Just play it and see for yourself"
,Recommended,413150,30436627,Posted: 10 March,all,Mexus,"This game is great, if you loved Harvest moon you're gonna love this game, if you've never even touched Harvest moon, give this game a go, it has so much charm and a simple but addictive gameplay that will keep you coming back to it, i found myself playing this game for hours without even realising, i'm always saying ""Ok, just this one more day and i'm done"", but then when i realise i've played 4 in-game days and still going. The game is worth it's price and offers so much in terms of content, it's one of those games that you just can't believe it was developed by just one person, i tottaly recommend it"
,Recommended,413150,24157407,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,k1tty,Life simulator. Except the life in this game is good while the life irl is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198041445825,Recommended,413150,35028874,Posted: 17 September,all,Samantha Raven,"Games like these never intrested me i started playing games in 2009 but I grew up anti games but when i turned 19 and around then i got bored and then tryed a game out...long story short here i am andI almost didnt get this game but all my friends kept saying its amazing game so i put it on my wishlist as a bookmark and after almost a year i desided to buy it cause i was bored yet again...=POMG!im so glad i did who new id be so into this game the graphics(me thinking its a silly korny game) oh was i so wrong...This game may have silly graphics until you relise its not silly graphics its cute graphics =)This game so cute and adorable and amazing!I'm so shocked...cause this game so addictive its so much fun so much to do so much you want to do and next thing u know you bin up all night and you still want to do more but you need sleep and then you relise you and your ingame character are suffering from the same dilemma.=PIf you are debating buying this game then...=(I just want to say i did too for a long time but you will regret it when or if u end buying it and playing it and  then you will wish u bought it sooner=PIf your a sims 3 fan like me then this game is for you like it is for me.Don't make my mistake! Buy and try as soon as you can! <3If 15 dollars too much it mite go on sell for less but even 15 dollars such a steal for the amount of fun you will have and time spent on this game it will make you question all those over developt games charging 40 to 60 dollars that don't offer the amount of fun this game does.=POnly bad thing i can say about this game is more of a personal issue while riding a horse it can give me a headache after a bit where ill have to take a break from game its not bad tho.That said i still will never play a sidescrolling game cause just watching a trailer or ad from them gives me a major headache and i dont like the looks nor the gameplay of them.So the other game these people made called Starbound i could never play or would want too.But the devs on this game did a amazing job. <3()()(^,^)()("")("")"
,Recommended,413150,21600288,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dielmanar twitch.tv/2dads1stream,Best Harvest Moon Simulator!!!!!
,Recommended,413150,29772091,Posted: 7 February,all,feat._yagirl,Good for when your boyfriend breaks up with you and you can't stop crying..
76561198008098696,Recommended,413150,22610086,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Arteis,It's Harvest Moon 2.0....thats a really good thing.
,Recommended,413150,27317283,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cool guy,good
,Recommended,413150,33494999,Posted: 12 July,all,DarkHoodness,"A grind.It's a very fun and interesting grind with a metric ton of stuff to do, discover and earn in it, and it doesn't really ever get boring, but it's still a grind nonetheless. :PIf you want a time sink though, it's good. Plus it's not processor intensive so it may even run on your underpowered laptop."
,Recommended,413150,24903178,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,camux,"Delusional, I believed I could cure it all for you dear.Coax or trick or drive or drag the demons from you.Make it right for you sleeping beauty, I truly thought I could magically heal you.Far beyond a visible sign of your awakening, failing miserably to rescue sleeping beauty.Drunk on ego, truly thought I could make it right if I kissed you one more time to help you face the nightmares.But you're far too poisoned for me, I was such a fool to think that I could wake you from your slumber.That I could actually heal you?Sleeping beauty, poisoned and hopeless.  Far beyond a visible sign of your awakening, failing miserably to find a way to comfort you.Hiding from some poisoned memory."
76561198356887775,Recommended,413150,34486694,Posted: 25 August,all,Fuze,nice
76561198148760818,Recommended,413150,23012291,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SSBFreak,"This game is good. It's VERY good.This is coming from someone who dabbled with Harvest Moon, but couldn't stick with it. I find that this game is a lot more immersive of a game, with a lot to do right off the bat, and no real set timeline for when you're expected to ""complete the game"". I find it's a lot easier to pick up and play, and while it takes a week or so to start seeing some good money come in, it's easy to determine what brings in the most money for you.The cast of characters is good, and when you start to build your relationship with them you get to feel for them more. Build a relationship high enough and you start to feel connected to a lot of the characters. Marriage is still present in this game like it always is in Harvest Moon, but you aren't restricted for the person you choose. Want to be in a gay/lesbian relationship? Go ahead. This is something that Harvest Moon never did, and one of the nice little things added to the game.Here's the best part of the game: It's only 15-16 bucks, and the developer (who designed the game all by himself, by the way), is still adding stuff to it. Already he's working on making two new marriage candidates out of the current non-marriage NPCs, and I can only imagine that things will keep getting updated so long as people still play this game."
,Recommended,413150,33736681,Posted: 22 July,all,simply.funfetti,"I purchased Stardew Valley during this year's summer sale. It was an impulse buy and during the first half hour or so of playing, I felt as if my money went to waste on a game I didn't find very interesting. Then, as I began playing it more, the game progessively became more fun and more time consuming. Stardew Valley features an amazing soundtrack, a wonderful story line, beautiful colors, and just an overall great vibe. If you're a fan of life simulating games such as Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon, then this game is most definitely up your alley. Basically, what I'm trying to say as I rant on and on about this game is, buy it.... it's worth it. Will it screw up your sleep schedule? Most likely, yeah. Will it consume most of your free time? Most likely, yeah. But, it's all worth it."
,Recommended,413150,33333999,Posted: 6 July,all,Traps are Gay,Mfw this game is a real life simulator. No one likes me unless I buy them gifts all the time and every girl at the spring dance thought I was wierd for asking them to a dance. Someone needs to create an Elliot Rodger mod for my blueballed character. 10/10 would get rejected by all the girls again
,Recommended,413150,27119019,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Greasu,A nice mix of Harvest Moon and Rune Factory with free updates and mods to make it even better.
,Recommended,413150,27732883,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Popstarts,"Loving it so far,If you like farming games or need a game to ""kill"" your time, this game absolutely decimates your time"
76561198069286335,Recommended,413150,21560483,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SteelKnuts,This game is amazing....i don't even know why there are negative reviews...obviously people don't know a good game when they see one. All i can say is keep it up developers...these are the games we want.
76561198070313736,Recommended,413150,25578022,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Good ol' Rohan,It's everything Harvest Moon and Rune Factory should be. And it was made by one person.
,Recommended,413150,35046235,Posted: 18 September,all,ErwinCole | Coral Ferrinas,"I stopped playing after reaching Year 2 in-game but 2 months later, the game still managed to hook me. It's a surprise this gem was made by a single person. It's a Harvest Moon game that I have always wanted."
,Recommended,413150,22061324,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,=C-D= Ceranoe,I seduced a woman by giving her a ton of salad - 10/10 best game!
,Recommended,413150,21516099,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DieselASFC,"If Harvest Moon had gotten progressively better since Back To Nature, it might be a tenth of how good Stardew Valley is. It takes inspiration from a few different games including Terraria, Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing, but also manages to set itself apart. There is so much content and stuff to do, it's almost overwhelming, but it really does let you do what you want, and at the pace you want. The crafting system combined with the ability to place crafted stuff almost anywhere means your farm will be unique. Buy it, buy it now!"
76561198263866021,Recommended,413150,24161121,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DAFUQ,Хорошечно
,Recommended,413150,25309563,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Chroto,"Stardew Valley is a fun take on the farm/life simulator. The game brings the nostalgia feel of Harvest Moon but with much more customization options. The farm is yours to build and create as you please which lets you give it your own unique flair. The characters all have unique personalities that makes you want to get them know them better, especially considering there is a marriage and kid system in place. The game also has mines, forests, and much more for you to explore and triumph over. I also particularly enjoyed the soundtrack (especially fall!) and it adds a uniqueness to each season.However, sadly the games charm can only take it so far. Once I hit halfway through year 3, I started to realize the lack of end game content. Once you explored the mines, marry/have a family, and automated your farm, the game starts to drag. The daily chores start to feel just like that, chores. You make great money from a complete farm and money at this stage does not play a large importance anymore. I am sure the developer will address this in further patches, but it is something to keep in mind for now.At the current price, and no doubt for a sale price, I wholly recommend picking this game up! It will no doubt entertain you for endless hours!"
,Recommended,413150,21553062,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ixius,"Stardew Valley is a great game to sink time into. It has that Civ-like quality of keeping you hooked for ""just one more day"", and sets its relatively uncomplicated gameplay against a backdrop full of stuff to do, places to go, and energy bars to watch nervously. If you've ever played Harvest Moon (or its cousin Rune Factory), Stardew Valley taps perfectly into the farming sim nostalgia. It captures the comfortable satisfaction of cultivating crops, raising animals, and telling yourself stories about the pixelated people who live in the town next to your farm. There's a great balance between Confusedape's affectionately crafted style and your freedom to customise your land and your character as you like.If you've ever enjoyed a Harvest Moon game, or similar games like Animal Crossing, you'll enjoy this. There's enough in the way of convenience and new developments on the classic formula to keep you engaged, but Stardew Valley doesn't forget where it's come from."
76561197998164492,Recommended,413150,27037900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Liberty Prime,"If you are a fan of Harvest Moon games, this is a must have."
,Recommended,413150,21491756,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DigitalCreation,If you like games like Harvest Moon then you'll like this.
,Recommended,413150,21716630,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jenmora,"I bought this game four days ago. I played it 16 hours straight the first day I bought it.It's just.... too good. It's a trap. Don't do it, save yourself! D:"
,Recommended,413150,33334555,Posted: 6 July,all,HyperStrife,"First i pirated the game. Played a few minutes. Then my brother bought it and i played trough family sharing. Ended up buying it. Made me feel again, reminds me of Animal Crossing but with better NPC's and events, a great Farming Simulator RPG that offers a huge variety of options such as miner, forager, animal caretaker , etc. The game has its own soul, and it's beautiful. 10/10"
76561198028862864,Recommended,413150,29106924,Posted: 7 January,all,DogsWild/Csera,"Got this game during the winter sale. Totally worth it. Having played Harvest Moon in my childhood, my interest was piqued when I took a look at this game which has similar features but has a spin with new concepts. Just my take on some of the pros and cons that I personally see.PROS:- Relaxing game atmosphere- Diverse villagers, each with an interesting personality- Great music- Mining and fishing can both be lucrative, but not entirely necessary in order to generate mass amounts of profit- Certain best/""Love"" gifts are easy to obtain thus making friends with some villagers easier- Gender is not an issue should you choose to romance the bachelors/bachelorettes- Different farm layouts allow a wider range of farming styles for playersCONS:- Time passes way too quickly for my tastes. (This can be a plus for some, but it can sometimes make the player feel a bit rushed since some stores/buildings close fairly early.)- Player curfew. Sure there is a limit to how long a farmer should stay up, but due to time going by a bit faster in this game it is very easy (at least for me) to lose track of time so passing out at 2AM is always likely if a player were to want to spend a whole day doing some activity like fishing or mining.-------------This is just my informal review of this game, but it is very worth it if you like this sort of game where it mixes the farming life with monster fighting (in mines)."
,Recommended,413150,27764731,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Annie Bolton,"I wasn't sure I would like this game at first, took a while to figure out what I had to do because I'm stupid but once the game took off I started to love it so much.It's relaxing, the music is so good, the mechanics are pretty simple and some of the characters are quite charming (although I'm playing as a misanthrope that doesn't care about making friends and getting married, Maybe sometime?)I love my chickens so much though."
76561198107231581,Recommended,413150,22804729,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,KingwasTreeTousand,"Stardew Valley?,Man Where Do I Start?*Plays just like Harvest Moon*Awesome Music*A Lot of The Npc's Have Pretty Decent Personalities*Did I Mention Its like Harvest Moon?*Its Perfect For A Calm, Peacefull Game ExperienceI 100% Would Recommend This Game To ANYONE Who Played and Enjoyed Harvest Moon"
,Recommended,413150,21656872,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bio,"Only 2 hours in and inevitably I feel as though my life is already over.Probably one of the best games I own on Steam. I will give this a lengthy review when I'm deep into it. Please try it, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,413150,27335029,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☯Teh_Snipeh,I nominated the game for being best game that wouldn't let me stop playing.
76561197999485758,Recommended,413150,21598987,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,frosty_ice23,"The developer of this game is a genious. The fact that it was made by just 1 guy is hard to imagine. The more I play, the better it gets. I have enjoyed this game far more than many of  the recent Harvest Moon games."
,Recommended,413150,33471975,Posted: 11 July,all,««ICEMAN»»,One of the best games I have played. It is so peaceful and soothing. I recommend this game to the people who want something that helps them focus on their work and keep them happy all the time.
76561198279037344,Recommended,413150,35462469,Posted: 3 October,all,GoldenRabbitGamer,"This game is just fantastic. It's just hours and hours of fun and there's so much to do. It is definently worth the price. It has a whole range of different aspects like mining, combat, fishing, foraging, and of course farming. You can do all of them or just do one. Plus, you can make tons of profiles and the game doesn't really end. You can go as many years as you want! I just think this is one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,413150,31493764,Posted: 1 May,all,SauceOnMyFace,"My girlfriend doesn't like the fact that I talk about my wife in this game and how much my aged wine sells for, but I quite enjoy it."
,Recommended,413150,31494044,Posted: 1 May,all,Cr4ft_M4ster777,"Stardew Valley... Well, at first I wasn't sure to get it. The name didn't really jump out at me. And so because of the genre I'm usually interested in, I totally missed it looking at other things for the first few hundred steam store visits. But then I was recommended this game. I took a look at it, and it sparked something. As soon as the next Christmas came around it was mine, and I played. In short, It's the perfect combination of action, fantasy, and reality all in a little farm plot. If you ever get bored of the quiet, cheerful life, you can brave the mines for resources and thrills. There's always someone to talk to aswell. The citizens of Pelican Town are friendly and nice (some you have to stubbornly stand by to earn their friendship), and the effort put into making each of them unique is genuine. So before you let this game escape your interest, give it a go. Can't wait for multiplayer!10/10 top farming sim out there!"
,Recommended,413150,31477421,Posted: 30 April,all,Woman Stealer hellcase.com,"The game is great, but at the same time it's the same thing over and over again.The storyline is great, but the beginning of clearing everything out took me way to long, 2-3 hours.Overall, I'd reccomend you buy this game. You'll get a good 10-30 hours out of it if you get bored easily."
,Recommended,413150,31484527,Posted: 1 May,all,CourtzNI (TZ),"LOVE IT!  Cute and highly addictive.I've sunk too many hours into Stardew Valley already and I haven't noticed the time fly.A little harder than it appears at face value, enough of a challenge to satisfy the need for game progression and none of the stress.Definitely recommend!"
76561198040650829,Recommended,413150,31476991,Posted: 30 April,all,daniel.fackelman,I picked this up looking for something to destress and have lost countless hours to the world.
76561198179811919,Recommended,413150,31484464,Posted: 1 May,all,TwistBuzz,"Being that the creator of the game was inspired by Harvest Moon, Stardew Valley shows many aspects of it while providing new and unique things throughout each gameplay. I found this game to be extremely amusing and laid-back after playing more competitive games such as H1Z1 and LoL. I highly recommend this game to those who have enjoyed games like Harvest Moon or even Animal Crossing!"
76561198067709740,Recommended,413150,31476040,Posted: 30 April,all,!Noob! !Noob!,"This game is absolutely amazing. I love the art style and the fact that there is so much to do. Keep up with your farm and farm animals as well as mine in the mines, fight monsters, and get up on your social status. I HIGHLY recommend this game"
,Recommended,413150,22527419,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jespazzy,"I honestly bought this game out of sheer curiosity. I'd never seen gameplay, heard it was boring and grindy, decided to take a shot in the dark and try it out....I'm so happy I did. This game is absolutely wonderful and will just eat up your free time. From its charming atmosphere to the likable and interesting characters, Stardew Valley is totally worth 15 bucks. Believe me though, it is quite a grind. But you can alleviate the grind by exploring, enjoying the world you've been given. Sure. You're supposed to farm. Doesn't mean you can't have fun with all the stuff you can do. I spent 5 minutes waiting outside Sebastian's door, holding a potato over my head, waiting for him to get off the computer. I've not made my self ever laugh in a single player game before. It's so great. I heavily recommend it....10/10"
76561198147522074,Recommended,413150,33151626,Posted: 2 July,all,Jerri Bear,"Funnest most relaxing pixelated game I have ever played, there are hours upon hours of gameplay before you've done everything there is to do. Which has even increased ever since they added the different types of farms.Only 2 cons with this game:It gets very annoying that the NPC's like meters go down after a certain period of time, there are so many of them and only so many hours in the day that keeping up with them all is just unrealistic.The yearly events can get pretty repetitive, but that's not the main focus of the game."
76561198298195844,Recommended,413150,24155438,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,itsmewmc15,"23 hours in and I haven't even scratched the surface of this gameEdit: Almost 80 hours in and the game and I am still finding new things all the time, the ammount of content in this game is pretty impressive especially knowing it was made by one guy."
76561198120610813,Recommended,413150,24162221,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Eotimer,"I love Stardew Valley. I bought it on Friday, and for the following week, I put 50+ hours into it. I managed to get into the second spring, and am almost bestfriends with everyone. What's more, I can even see myself making multiple playthroughs of this game, each time marrying a different person.I hardly ever play a game twice, I sometimes don't even finish them, but I knew I would love this game when I saw it on the store page. I knew I would love it when I saw you could get a horse, when I hit the play button and was able to create my character.I totally and definitely would recommend this game. :)"
,Recommended,413150,21709373,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BWAAAAAHHHHH  ^_^,"I played Harvest Moon - Back to nature a long, long time ago on the Playstation 1. I was ♥♥♥♥ing addicted to it. Now... A few days ago Stardew Valley came out and it starts anew. A bit of mining and fishing here and a bit farming there. I can´t get enough. Stardew Valley throws me back ~12 years in time."
76561198001192813,Recommended,413150,22758913,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,McFly,"Stardew Valley is a cute farm-building game inspired by the Harvest Moon franchise. I had never played such a game before so I decided to give it a go.IN SHORT:GOOD:-Style and atmosphere. Very relaxing if you're not worrying about doing all your chores before the day is over.-Feeling of Progress. Farm sims tend to go on forever with no real goal in sight. Stardew provides both a goal and a leveling system to keep you going.-Romance and marriage is simple but cute, with dozens of cute scenes to discover.-Large farm space and many options make for an addictive building experience.-A small, but intruiging 'lore' that gives a lot of charm to the game which can be surprsiingly serious at times.-Lots and lots of crafting and creating but without an overly complex way to do it. Very enjoyable.-Based on your type of humour you might either love or cringe at the dialogue-Modding community is great, lots of stuff available to tweak your game and lots more stuff coming up over the horizon.-This game is a real 'treat' for completionists, game theorists andNOT SO GOOD / COULD BE IMPROVED-I know I will get flak for saying this, but most of the villagers have rather flat personalities. You'd expect people to talk differently or say some surprising things when youve become their best friend, but most villagers will repeat the same lines they did at the start of the game. Very disappointing in my experience, why wont Clint cheer up after all weve done and him being a millionare for upgrading all my gear and all?-Even the bachelors vary between endearing and cliche, depending on your taste. A stereotipical goth girl and boy who hate their surroundings, a jock and a cheerleader who are full of thenselves, a doctor and a nerd that act really dorky and finally the 2 artist types: the girl sculps and the man writes.  Their dialogue in some of the cutscenes can be more serious, but dont expect any huge surprises.-World scale. The map starts out very small and doesnt expand much, this is probably because days go by pretty quickly in Stardew and a bigger world would mean you'd need more time to move around. But I get the feeling Stardew would be improved by a slightly SLOWER PACE with MORE TO EXPLORE. I think most people who play Stardew enjoy those aspects the most.-Gunthers Museum is disappointing at best. He has no dialogue apart from ordering you to fill up his museum and his 'explanations' of the things you bring in is just one line of the most captain-obvious-statements out there. I love collecting stuff in these types of games, so that part could really use some improvement imo.And thats all for now. I hope y'all think I'm being fair. Please understand that the only reason why I have things to complain about is because I like the game and would love to see it grow more in the future. :)"
,Recommended,413150,21664095,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Benny Goodman,"SEED,SLEEP,HARVEST,REPEAT"
76561198277231172,Recommended,413150,23893387,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lux_oriole,"Best game , bring back my memories"
,Recommended,413150,21678165,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ice Fox,"I bought it expecting a game similar to harvest moon... but it provided much more than that.Story:Your grandfather died.Characters:Simple and easy to understand. Not a bad thing i suppose.Gameplay:Farm, fish, mine, craft, interact, build, fight and eradicate forests for the greater good.Pros:Suitable for people suffering from autism.Cons:Causes autism.Verdict:Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,413150,22404763,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Dream of Mystery,"An astonishing game made with the dedication of a single person.Stardew Valley has nearly everything you would look for, and it is not just normal farming sims as it appears to be!Just have to wait for ConcernedApe (Developer) to release the multiplayer expansion so I can enjoy the game with my friends ^^10/10"
76561198047379162,Recommended,413150,25802996,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,collyow,I doubt i've spent 500+ hours masterbating.
76561198178870698,Recommended,413150,22919682,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,VorD,强烈要求汉化！
,Recommended,413150,21583889,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,A Handsome Man,"I rarely buy games at full price. Pirated it on launch.This is a lovely revival of a nostalgic game genre. After 3 days in-game, my guilt took over and I paid for the game in full on Steam. No regrets."
,Recommended,413150,21584403,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Austin,This game got me pregnant.
76561198119523251,Recommended,413150,21694510,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DeathProphet,"This game is fantastic! Have a stupendous amount of free time on your hand? Well look no longer with this game you can kiss your free time good bye!This game is very evjoyable for all ages,very fun to play and reminds me of Harvest Moon a game I played as a kid. The sound track also has its ups seems to never get old which is the preeminent feature within Stardew Valley. This game is very relaxing highly recommended!"
,Recommended,413150,29156193,Posted: 9 January,all,archaeogoro,please help this game has taken over my life
,Recommended,413150,23366921,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,carrot cake,"If you liked any version of Harvest Moon you'll love this game. The developer is a really nice guy who cares a lot about this game and wants to make as good a game as he can. Also if you struggle with depression I highly suggest this game, it provides a feeling of accomplishment and is really relaxing and heartwarming which can be really helpful if you're feeling down or sad."
76561198107176863,Recommended,413150,23306834,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fe,"Great little game, only just started playing but already I am hooked! but boy is the fishing hard"
,Recommended,413150,21571999,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,→ Ninami,"Amazing adventure game, I don't like calling it ""farming"" because it's so much more than that. Every day you have loads of tasks to complete and you'll lose track of time very easily because you're always busy doing stuff. I've personally never played a harvest moon game before but this really blew my mind with content and regular updates to keep the game fresh."
,Recommended,413150,21698346,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Vecha,"Ooooh boy, I'm so glad I came across this gem. As many, many here I too put a ton of hours in Harvest Moon(ps1 here...and a bit on SNES). I dabbled slightly with rune factory, but SDV is the first time I've gone beyond just farmer.This game has it all! Packed full of nostalgia along with enough creativity and originality to have it stand on its own.While there's a few small issues here and there, this game out-polishes some AAA games at release.Look forward to the continued updates, especially multi-player, as well as what ConcernedApe works on next.Definitely recommend to any harvest moon fans, or simulator fans whove never tried a lighter version of the farm simulator games."
,Recommended,413150,33323100,Posted: 6 July,all,CoffeineCat,"Names cattle after girlfriend.""Girlfriend has no milk right now"".Fetish checked."
,Recommended,413150,33325112,Posted: 6 July,all,Baby Forest Whitaker,A relaxing game that has a Harvest Moon + Legend of Zelda feel.
,Recommended,413150,32224564,Posted: 6 June,all,Lee Pierre,10/10 fantastic game. Waiting for multiplayer.
76561198146860714,Recommended,413150,26185116,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Phantomhive151,This game is consuming my life. Buy it.
,Recommended,413150,24292355,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MacTavish,I thought I wouldn't like this game because the poor graphics.How terribly wrong was I.
76561198023090530,Recommended,413150,33200148,Posted: 3 July,all,is this racism?,"Will actuality eat your soulGood ole soul drain gamenever felt like I would care this much about fictional cows and npcs5/7 not enough water, maru best girl"
76561198025543654,Recommended,413150,33195522,Posted: 3 July,all,Psylockeyuki,I waited for this game for years before it released and I'm still playing it a year after. Definitely worth it.
,Recommended,413150,22261965,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lord Zaloh,Cocaine does better for your social life than this game.
,Recommended,413150,21816765,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Azeriel,"Gave a girl a cob of fresh corn.Girl: ""What am I supposed to do with this?""Gave her a Diamond from the mine.Girl: ""How do you know I was hungry?? This great, thanks!""This girl is not human.Would get confused and attempt to solve the Stardew Valley mystery again. The truth is out there 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21758446,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ealdwine,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
,Recommended,413150,22228057,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,elushive`,Harvest Moon? o-o <3
76561198057018007,Recommended,413150,22823655,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,friggy,"Stardew Valley is refreshing, for me. It's an addictive, creative, relaxing, and absolutely fantastic experience with a lovely, uplifting and rich atmosphere. It seems simple at first, but it surprises you with its depth (especially that of the characters' personalities and personal histories). It's so much fun and very easy to sink many hours into, and for good reason! This game is also a relaxing game away from the competetive scene, i personally play with a controller and have loved the in-depth amount of content this game has to offer. with over 600 hours played i can safely say the $15 is cost efficient :)"
,Recommended,413150,23922660,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),My god... I instantly fell in love with this game. It's beautiful on so many levels. I am addicted.I thought this game was over hyped and avoided it. I was wrong.6 hours in and it's already one of my top 5 best indie games of all time and easily one of the best games I have played this year.There is plenty to do! It's not just about farming.Farming isn't for everyone. But Hay... It's in my jeans.Update 24 hours in: I have never been so glued to my PC and been so addicted to an Indie game. I can't recommend this game enough. Get it!
,Recommended,413150,23898714,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HyperTumor,Stardew Valley is basically Harvest Moon (with a little bit Rune Factory) for PC BUT Better
,Recommended,413150,23835451,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr. Wonderful,"What an unbelievably charming and fun game. I put off buying this for WEEKS until I finally caved in. I resisted because of how the graphics looked (because frankly, I hate how indie studios are trying to revive a style that is no longer acceptable with modern advances), but god damn I was wrong for doing so. The gameplay is so diverse, detailed, and free that you really make this game your own. I'd hop in a private discord channel frequently, just to talk to friends who were also playing so we could learn from each other on how to do well. The house I have in the game as of right now? That's from one ""playthrough"" (even though the game never technically ends).For ♥♥♥♥'s sake, just buy it. And play it."
,Recommended,413150,23205272,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,TmTheCat,GRANPA SHOULD'VE CLEANED UP HIS ♥♥♥♥ING FARM A LITTLE BEFORE GIVING IT TO ME!!!
,Recommended,413150,28648327,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Achlys1775,"Played this a little bit.  Told a friend about my farm, wife, child, and my multimillion dollar bank acount.  A few people overhead me and wondered 1) how I was balancing farming and law school; and 2) why I was in law school when I was doing so well elsewhere.  Every now and then one of those friends asks me how my kid is doing, so I have to make something up so it doesn't get weird.  10/10 would lie again."
,Recommended,413150,22174097,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,I sexually identify as a meme,the only reason i got a wife was because she would occasionally water my farm of 350 crops. worth
76561198041725206,Recommended,413150,21480253,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Stellar Eclipse,"First off, The fact that this was done by one man alone, is rather impressive to me. 4 years of hard work with no crowd funding of any kind, this is something I tend to admire, developers with passion and good standards.The game is a lot like Harvest Moon series with a mixture of elements from other games such as Rune Factory and even Animal Crossing. If you enjoy any of the games mentioned then there is a big chance that you're going to love Stardew Valley.The game has you take over your grand father's old farm, having to bring life back to it and let thrive. So put your boots on and get to work and start farming.Though farming isn't the only thing you do in this game there is actually a lot of content to discover, first off, they're others who live in Stardew Valley, you can talk with them, interact with them and even marry them, by becoming friendly with others you can discover more about them. There is a nice variety of characters.You can also go exploring into the mines if you wish too, here you will have to fight off monsters as you go deeper and deeper into the mine looking for rare gems, ores and such to help you upgrade your tools or even craft things for your farm.One of the features I like a lot from Stardew Valley is the high level of customization, you can craft a variety of item which you can go around and place, this also applies to your house, you can craft or buy new furniture and move them around and arrange them to the way you like it.TL;DR I would highly recommend the game especially if you are a fan of Harvest Moon/Rune Factory and Animal Crossing as they have many elements from these games. The game also has a focus on customisation and immersion. Lot's of content to discover."
,Recommended,413150,21482191,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,dubesor,"If you like Harvest Moon and dislike shallow RPG Maker games this is the game you have been waiting for! It has advanced mechanics like crafting, fishing, cooking, mining and great story to boot. The pixel art fits perfectly and the gameplay feels slick and polished. The game gives you a lot of freedom in terms of how you want to approach it.  A must own for any HM fan."
,Recommended,413150,22396856,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,GermanPlasma | ❤Onii-chan~,"Who needs reviews with thousands of words, if you can describe this game's beauty by just one word:A-W-E-S-O-M-EThese are the pro's and con's I found during playing this game:Pro:- Buy this game- Buy this game for a friend- Buy this game for your family- Buy this game for your animals- AbigailContra:----To sum it up, I rate the game a Buy/Now, if you enjoyed Harvest Moon and are ready to get even more fun, just DO it!Making dreams come through has never been so easy."
76561198012780465,Recommended,413150,21484877,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Valar Morghulis,"Waited for years. Was absolutly worth it! If you liked the Harvest Moon - Series, you'll definitly like this one too!"
,Recommended,413150,21485391,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,HONHONHONHONHONHON,I've been waiting for this game for about a year now and it was completely worth the wait. It's very relaxing. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21946193,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Kriscake,"I can now happilly say I've done crack after playing this game. 10/10But seriously, if you have ever been a fan of any ""Harvest Moon"" type game then you would be doing yourself a massive favour by giving Stardew Valley a go. It mixes a combination of farming sim game mechanics and takes out the bad while creating an addictive world for you to immerse yourself in. The daily activities are never a grind and you are never truly punished for living your virtual life the way you want to. You can get rich your own way and really make it in this game, plus there is real depth in the Heart system with the possibility of Marriage and Kids. So come on, spoil yourself and give this game the love it deserves!"
,Recommended,413150,22051066,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,awkwardturkeyretailer,In Game:Won my waifu in 3 months.Real Life:Takes 3 years to work up courage to talk to crush.10/10 Waifu Simulator
,Recommended,413150,22232423,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SpiritPaladin,"This is a very relaxing farming game, with a nice town that you can and will interact with. Very fun to play and build up you farm, everybody has lots of personality (until you marry them, where they turn into mindless robots). Everything in this game is cheerful and i love the not so random events. I strongly recommend this game if you're looking for a casual or relaxing game."
76561198044261204,Recommended,413150,22242184,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Onrelas,"- Robin says I don't have enough wood for the house upgrade.- Goes outside and chops down all of the trees near Robin's house.- I'm sure she won't mind.- I'd like to imagine she walked outside the next day to find out I stole all of her trees to build my house out of.It's a combination of all the small moments and the reward of seeing your work go towards meaningful rewards that really makes Stardew Valley fantastic. As soon as I made the purchase, it became the ONLY game I played."
,Recommended,413150,22283353,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Lutra,I feel genuine and crippling remorse for the 99.999943873% of humanity's history that never got to play this game.
,Recommended,413150,22325072,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Shin,"I have buried many, many hours into Harvest Moon, and this game can't exist without being compared to it. This is like a gigantic, uber Harvest Moon on the PC. With a modding community that'll hopefully continue to remain active and a developer who seems interested in continuing support, this might be a very long lasting game on my hdd.Pro: I finally have a wife who enjoys videogames and adventures.Con: She gets hella-upset when I give birthday presents to my friends, and I'm reasonably sure she beats me. ;-;Pro: Farming is really fun, and I enjoy hoarding up my gold star crops for the whole month before selling off the lot for big bux.Con: Winter.10/10 Would grow corn again."
76561198121559414,Recommended,413150,31350035,Posted: 24 April,all,Silverkelolon,"I got a girlfriend and a week later she told me we had become ""great friends""I rate it a FRIENDZONED/10 for realism and an addicting/5 for the 80 hours I put in it within 2 weeks"
,Recommended,413150,21489941,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Conkerkid11,"I haven't played Harvest Moon before, but as a huge fan of the Animal Crossing series, this game is incredible.ProsA ton of content that will take hundreds of hours to complete.Animal Crossing/Harvest Moon done right, and better than most recent entries into either of those franchises.Beautiful pixel art graphics.Amazing soundtrack with a large variety of songs that don't get repetitive.ConsSaving is broken. The only way to save is to sleep in your bed and start a new day, but most of the time, this doesn't work correctly, and you'll lose several days of progress multiple times because of this. There's no manual saving to counter this either. This needs to be fixed. This is a game breaking bug.Walking diagonally is slower than walking up, down, left, or right. That doesn't make any sense.Right clicking interactable objects doesn't work most of the time. Maybe give some error dialogue like, ""that object isn't interactable"", or something like that, rather than making us wonder whether or not it will actually work on the 100th click.The days are far too short, and I'm pretty sure the event-style cutscenes that occur randomly also eat away at the time. I was returning home from the dungeon at 10pm, ended up in a cutscene, and suddenly it was 12:30am, and I ended up falling asleep on my own farm as I was trying to get to bed, and charged by the clinic. The days should probably be like twice the length they are at the moment. Animal Crossing deals with real-time, making the days far too long, and I'm not sure how Harvest Moon does it, but these days feel really short.While there is a complete Wiki for the game, far too much content that should be available in-game is only available on the wiki. Take that large wooden bin outside your house for instance. Some people have been treating it as a storage device. I treated it as a trash can. Find out later from an NPC that when you put something in it, it's sold for money or something along those lines. Also, the mine resets anything stored in it, so people have been losing the starting tools, and apparently you can't get those back once they're lost, so they had to restart their game."
,Recommended,413150,21489260,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SS Copter,"Come On! The ONLY 'Harvest Moon' available on PC, who wouldn't be any happier!!! ;DDDDD"
,Recommended,413150,21519575,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Deadrem,Best purchase of my life.
76561197993910260,Recommended,413150,24766284,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[vg]ananas,Haven't sleep whole night breaking stones and watering crops.
76561198042724915,Recommended,413150,24070019,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,rst.ramz,good
,Recommended,413150,25952231,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ethanfetus,"Awesome.This is a game about a farmer-man, but I'm not here to talk about that.I once had an issue with the game and it would always crash. No one could help me, not even reddit!So, I reached out to the developper Concerned Ape on Twitter. I DM'ed him and about 2 days later, he actually responded!I was amazed that the developper actually responded to me, you won't find that in many other places. My problem was resolved!Also, the gameplay is pretty great."
76561198125241623,Recommended,413150,23761586,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bepis,It's like Skyrim but with plants
,Recommended,413150,21890769,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Pretendo,"I was pleasantly surprised about this game. Infact, I hadn't heard anything about it but seeing how everyone likes it, I decided to give it a go. Now I have to say after almost 20 hours, I really like it. So worth it."
76561198177767385,Recommended,413150,23624384,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jackson12ten,"This game is weird, you think you've played 30 minutes but it's been 4 hours."
,Recommended,413150,24102359,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cedar,I have absolutely no idea what I am doing but it's still fun.
76561198106301897,Recommended,413150,32870841,Posted: 27 June,all,Insanity | hellcase.com,This Summer Comes the Major Game Of The Year Stardew Valley VS Every Steam Game.  Stardew Valley coming out with the left hook K.O and wins my favorite game of the year!
,Recommended,413150,28569082,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nicko,Proshas Doggo'sConsNot enough Doggo'sScore 8.2/10Has Doggo's but not enough.
76561198083329380,Recommended,413150,25432440,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Voltar G,"This game is basically like Harvest Moon for SNES but- You can harvest in every area around you, not only in front of you- The music is really good- Level system, choosing professions- So much new stuff (Crafting, Monster hunting, Buildings, Museum, etc. etc.)- The controls/graphics and interfaces are modern, you can use cursor and define keys- Love and marriage works Straight/Lesbian/Gay- Story and afterwards endless gameplay... The list goes on.I really hope there will be multiplayer mode and official german language patch someday!10/10"
76561198110850572,Recommended,413150,21506567,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,xSTAT3DxC0MB0x,10/10 Wizard gave me Shaman LSD
,Recommended,413150,21491949,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Lord Aloha,"This is a review coming from about 2 hours of playing Stardew Valley.My entire life, I've loved the Harvest Moon games, and recently, loved Story of Seasons.  Rune Factory, and I'll even throw in fantasy life are games that me, and a few close friends of mine absolutly adore.Now about 2 years ago, a buddy of mine and I were looking for a good, multiplayer Harvest Moon style game and stumbled upon Stardew Valley on steam greenlight.  We were immediatly interested, and vowed to keep up with the game.  We promptly forgot about it.  But every so often, we would get a hankering to play a mutliplayer farm sim, and we'd remember it.  More and more often, we found ourselves coming back to the Stardew Valley page, until it became almost a running joke of mentioning it when we wanted to play something.  Fast foreward to a week ago when we found out it was being released.Well, we have it now, and how do we like it?  So far, it surpasses every expectation we'd had.  The one dissapoinment is a lack of multiplayer in the initial release, but the dev is working on adding that, and wanted to release the full single player expirience before multi, so we can understand.Stardew Valley is very much a Harvest Moon, and yet very much NOT a Harvest Moon either.  It takes the good from so many different farming sims, and adds them together into one blockbuster of a game.  You can farm, you can fish, you can slay monsters and romance the townsfolk.  I'm not sure if theres an overarching plot yet, but I'm slowly coming to think theres something up with a big corporation thats slowly taking over the town, and some playful little spirits.  But enough about that, back to how I feel about the game.Stardew Valley feels like a game that did everything right.  It could have very easilly fallen into the trap that so many games this hopeful fall into, feeling empty, or cloned.  But it has a charm about it, a heartfelt feel that really speaks to me and makes me love this game.  The art direction, the music, the gameplay, it all fits together seamlessly to feel like a game that I think is going to in the next few months after release, really be noticed by people online and offline alike.  The controls are flawless, the minigames fun, the world immersive and memorable, and most of all, the game is fun.If you like Harvest Moon, or Rune Factory, or anything along those lines, do yourself a favor and buy Stardew Valley, just do it.  You wont regret it, its every bit the game they are, and in some ways, even a little bit more."
,Recommended,413150,21490663,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Old Memes,A wizard got me high so I could talk to forest spirits.10/10
,Recommended,413150,21487592,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,FyberX.Breadphones,Who /comfy/ here?I am right now
,Recommended,413150,21488694,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,eireluke,Good
76561198056444682,Recommended,413150,21508577,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,cas-08,I waited for this game from some of the very first dev updates and I have to say I am not disappointed. This is one of the best games of this genre I have played. I don't think I will ever go back to harvest moon where I feel like I'm having to work to get anywhere instead of enjoying the in game days. I love love love this!!!
,Recommended,413150,21491283,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,☭oath2order☭,"From the original forums three years ago, all through today, I have followed the game.I'm glad to finally see the game released. This past month has been insane for the amount of hype I've had. The game certainly lives up to it.Personally, I was not a fan of Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town. I just was not able to get into that game. The style of this game is similar to that one, yet it makes it work.After playing for nine hours nonstop, I can safely say that this game is content-filled. I've only gotten to the end of the first season (which ended on the 28th, strangely, thought it would have been the 30th).The only real issue I have is that I would love the map to show where everybody is. The game map is somewhat large.10/10 would buy againalso love the stoner wizard bit"
76561198051443389,Recommended,413150,21511491,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,earthfell,Better than Harvest Moon because it lacks ♥♥♥♥♥♥ anime cliches.
,Recommended,413150,33206899,Posted: 3 July,all,Nothing,Good game.Don't be confused about my hours. I had previously torrented but felt bad because the game was so good.11/10 IGN would smash Haley again
,Recommended,413150,23878399,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Eric,the npcs have a breathing animation10/10
76561198118613708,Recommended,413150,22820752,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Takyon,Nice and relaxing.
,Recommended,413150,21527940,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SenorTacoz12,"Obviously not perfect yet but I highly recommend the game! I'm not much a game critic so other than that I don't have much to say. Also, in case someone hasn't heard, the creator said after release there will be 4 player co-op in the works."
76561198000716919,Recommended,413150,33142503,Posted: 2 July,all,Xgrem,I wanted my stickers. (summer sale 2017)Good game though
76561197995131526,Recommended,413150,21640831,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Leif GW,"Bought Stardew valleyMet a nice girlAs time passed, i married herWent to bedWoke up the next day and told her good morningRealized i could not tell this game and reality apart anymorePerfect score 5/7"
,Recommended,413150,31073602,Posted: 11 April,all,pragmacat,"Just a lovely, pleasant experience -- a gentle, sweet world that's easy to get lost in. Now if only there were more story..."
,Recommended,413150,31713776,Posted: 12 May,all,The Disciple,Vey fun game with a nice story. I'm wating for multiplayer :)
,Recommended,413150,29758470,Posted: 7 February,all,Anarchymedes,"Everyday I wake up and suddenly it's evening, time to sleep. And I realized I haven't done anything. At all. Yet again.It's basically a simulator of my life."
76561198052699244,Recommended,413150,21628160,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sheep,Recommend this game even though Shane rejected my Rainbow Trout.
,Recommended,413150,21710331,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Gotchu,"Wake up, and all I think about is if I watered the plants before sleeping10/10PS: Rode the minecarts. Actually useful."
76561198094479305,Recommended,413150,21957427,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ljchiles,I used to play the old Xseed and Natsume Harvest Moon games on my Ds and this game surpasses all of them. It has a retro style and is extremely addictive. I got it about a week ago at the beginning of my Spring Break and haven't been able to put it down. You tell yourself you'll stop but find yourself playing more days and realize it's already 3 am. This is a great game and I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone.
,Recommended,413150,21483216,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Zagz,"After 30+ hours of play, I have decided to re-write my review to a more accurate point of view.So... where to start?In today's modern gaming age, we rarely find an indie release that is beyond version 1. We often end up with Early Access titles presenting half baked features, place holders and tons of promises. If we catch a glimpse of chance, the game comes out half decent 6 years later when really have moved to different ones. Then we have this gem made by one person. A full release with complete features, great depth, enjoyable music and insane replayability. A beautiful hybrid between a sandbox with a flowing storyline that somehow brings you in.You see, this game is all about one thing: caringYou want to develop your friendship with the villagers, you want to get marry, you end up caring about your silly chickens and cows or your stupid dog that sincerely doesn't do anything remotely useful. The more you care, the more you are rewarded. The more you develop a frienship, the more you get to learn about that character, in return, adding quite a layer of depth to the game itself. Within the first in-game month of the game, you'll have a select folks that you love.Then comes the farming. For me, it started really simple. A few crops, water and profit! I started really small because I was more interested in the dungeons, fishing and hanging out with npcs than watering a thousand crops. Eventually, I discovered that I could transform my product into various artisan goods. What started as a little farm with random veggies growing is now quickly becoming an efficient vignard with a side of artisan beer and hopefully some cheese by the end of the second year. The profit is amazing, the work is just right for me and seriously, wine makes for a great gift!There is a certain challenge to the game but to me, it seems to always hit that sweet spot where if you play and focus a bit, you'll get through it. When I first noticed a side quest that required a 1000 kills, I got very scared that grind tactics were beinggoing to quickly take over the gameplay. Quite the opposite, because of the game mechanics and time moving forward, there's only so much you can do during a day. You end up breaking various activities into specific timeslots. In a sense, you cannot eat the whole cake in one bite, you have to plan and work at it one spoon full at a time. Because of that system, you end up making a list of priorities which in return spreads out various activities. Still, if I really wanted to grind a dungeon, nothing is officially stopping me.Graphics, music and so on are what you see in the trailer and screenshots but don't be fooled. They work and there's a lot of great little details that simply makes everything more immersive. The game feels somehow very alive and moving forward in time with you. Of course, this is not a ""Sims"" type of deal but, you'll be surprised. In fact, I care more about these villagers than my settlement in let's say Fallout 4.Overall, this is a cool game with tons of features and loads of replayability. To really enjoy the experience, you need a bit of patience. This is a slow paced game."
,Recommended,413150,21484018,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Probe1,"Some users have reported crashes and the game not recognizing their graphics card and failing to run.  I have not.But I should put the hard facts up front.  You don't really wanna read my blog, you want to know if this game delivers.It does.Did you ever play Harvest Moon?  You did, or you're lost and somehow found a Harvest Moon clone by accident.  It's not just a Harvest Moon-like game.  It's a game that hits all the high notes.  It has great farming, music, and a feeling of progression.I was worried when I first heard about this game a few days ago that I was going to get suckered.  I'm relieved that I wasn't and it's exactly what I want.If you want a game like Harvest Moon that is much less clunky and doesn't play like a 10 year old game then this is IT.  It's worth $15 on the spot.  I think the dev undersold himself and it should have been marked at $25.  It's a really good game and has a really good price."
,Recommended,413150,21485553,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Viscount,This game is pure awesomeness! I love everything about this game. ^^v
,Recommended,413150,21482610,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,BACKBONE,WOW
76561198050024265,Recommended,413150,21610544,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,jet,PLEASE JUST 1 MORE DAY !
,Recommended,413150,21543336,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,"I recommend it, because it has incredible potential once the issues are dealth with.It's a fun game like hayday except you don't have to wait for 2-3 real days or pay your way through for achieving the greatest farmthe issues i am facing:1: running speed is quite slow, so takes a while to reach anywhere2: giagonal running is half the speed3: can't do much within a day before the energy runs out4: days are too short so it will be half a day gone to go cross town5:  The prices are a bit steep.6: earthquake ruined 100 of nmy planted seeds 1 day after i planted them, 2000 wasted.But still, i look forward for the issues to be dealt with in the future."
,Recommended,413150,21610356,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jingle's Jangles,it's like harvest moon but better.
76561198292380213,Recommended,413150,31894697,Posted: 21 May,all,heyytheremickey,"The game makes me nostalgic for the orginal Harvest Moon games. There is so much to do, but you can do so at a leisurely pace and enjoy every minute of the game. Would recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,413150,24212971,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,「Soma」,"Stardew Valley is a wonderful little farm-it-up that evokes memories of Harvest Moon and Rune Factory.Done by a one man dev team, the game is quite well done with lots to do.>Farming>Raising Animals>Dungeon Delving>Fishing>Waifu SimulatingThe game kept my attention far longer than I thought it would (Was playing Rune Factory 3 at the time as well)High moddability keeps the game fresh even after having gone through all the routes.10/10 Would download a monstergirl mod again"
,Recommended,413150,21698225,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Thundurh,"Really fun time consuming game.  Sucks you riight in. Only 5 hours (any many hours to come), and already planted like 60 crops. Really fun to design your farm the way you desire. Lots of things to do, like mine, kill, explore and other events. Loving the game so far, and look foward to multiplayer. You'll like the game cause its just so chill and layed back. BUY 9/10"
,Recommended,413150,21707986,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ordoo,"This game is like if Animal Crossing, Harvest Moon, and Rune Factory, got together, had a threesome, and no one can figure out who the father isAnd I love it so much"
,Recommended,413150,21715126,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Frankly Sinatra,"If you like Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon, you'll love this game. It's tight, it's compact, and above all: It's peaceful. It tremendously difficult to find a game that balances a state of ease and a sense of progress, but Stardew Valley does it masterfully. The game is inheritly lighthearted, but a suprising number of subtle, and very adult issues are bubbling beneath the surface of the town. It's a game meant to be enjoyed lightly, and I have found a tremendous amount of happiness playing it idly while doing other things. It's the best 15 bucks I've spent this year.Protip: Blueberries in the Summer, Cranberries in the Fall. You'll be rich."
,Recommended,413150,21718306,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Reznovic,"I watched some videos about this game on YouTube. I was thunderstruck! It looked so amazing I didn't hestitate and bought it. This game is one of the best farm/socialize game out there. However, I only say this about the game because I really like these kind of games. I played Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon before and I enjoyed those as well. If you didn't like those games, You probably won't like this game either. If you don't know those games, do some more reasearch about Stardew Valley before purchasing it.9.5/10 - One of my favourite games in my library!"
,Recommended,413150,21720348,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Kow Wick,"Honestly, I pirated this game thinking i would hate it, I wanted to try it because of all the craze around it, only to realize 3 days had passed and i had spent 30 hours on my farm already.Went to check it out on steam and what do I see? Thismasterpieceis onlyFIFTEEN BUCKS.With the coming Co-op, I believe i'll never see the daylight again.If you're looking for a new game, and you have $15 to spare, try it out.Although i will point out some negative thing(s):There's not enough end-game content as of this review, once you get going and know the game, early-game will be over and you'll be running out of things to do. Although this is subject to change, and you'll still get a ton of hours and it's very worth it.Combat or more specifically, turning in combat, feels very clunky and generally unresponsive. Maybe it's something i do wrong, but if i decide to turn around and hit a monster, generally my character will stand in place and swing instead of turning.¯\_(ツ)_/¯ That's all i've got as far as negative thoughts goes."
,Recommended,413150,21722745,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Libby,"A cross between Rune Factory and Harvest Moon, this game is addicting as all hell. Seriously, I was up for about 20 hours playing it omg sendhelpineedtosleepandeatbutmycropsneedtobewateredandthere'smorefishtocatchandineedonemoreironbartogetmyaxehighenoughtogettotheforestandit'sleah'sbirthday...It's well worth the cost. Just... do yourself a favour and get this."
,Recommended,413150,21765586,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,MostafaMufasa,"This game is awesome.I love it.This is the Harvest Moon we deserve, but not the one we need right now."
76561198116377133,Recommended,413150,21833247,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Amathil,"At first i didnt think this game would be any fun, due to my dislike of pixel 2D style games. But OMG! Is this game addicting or what!?Its very challenging, and there is no set game play, you can basically play however you'd like. And that is what makes it amazingly fun for me."
,Recommended,413150,21696661,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,LMFAOOOOOOOOOO,it's so good my mom plays it
,Recommended,413150,21775511,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,LittleFlame,Sooo you've been playing for a while and you're like well i'm gonna make this my final day and call it quits and then it's the next morning and you've already done all your farming stuff so you say to yourself well it'd be a waste to do it again
76561198124950489,Recommended,413150,21650675,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Josh,harvest moonanimal crossing  +--------------------stardew valley99999999/10
,Recommended,413150,29707257,Posted: 4 February,all,Prism,chicken's feelings > your dog's8/10
76561198278462793,Recommended,413150,33692639,Posted: 21 July,all,✧supersav✧,CUTE
,Recommended,413150,21755965,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,playin,fun
76561198333120732,Recommended,413150,34845268,Posted: 9 September,all,Varetyr,"For me, this game is really good in so many aspect.Pros :-The NPC is unique,they are have their own personality.-Open world feature is also good, some of secret place that has to be unlocked by players is also make this game more exciting.-You can build your barn,coop,stable,etc etc and place it where ever you want on your farm.For me, this is the best feature so far.Cons :-For some reason, i think the price of this game is a little bit expensive.9/10"
,Recommended,413150,22362949,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Useless Bunny,"There's no way people will not compare this game to Harvest Moon, since they are very similar in several ways, but I never played Harvest Moon so if you are looking for an opinion from someone that never even touched a similar game to this here it is:When I first saw the trailer for Stardew Valley I thought ""eh, that's kinda cute but I'm not buying it"" and now I have over 80 hours played in less than 2 weeks. The game is about your character wanting to run away from the boring and tiring life in the city and turn a new page at a small village, with a farm you inherited from your grandfather. That means you will do farm work and you will love it. First I'll talk more about the technical stuff:There are 5 different skills in the game for you to level up: Farming, Foraging, Mining, Fishing and Combat. They compose almost all the gameplay aspects of the game, as you need to use all of them in order to thrive. Farming, foraging and mining are pretty straight forward and are probably exactly as you expect them to be. Fishing has a mini game that you need to handle in order to get the fish, it can be frustrating sometimes. Combat is very simple, so don't expect complex mechanics or combos or whatever; you have 3 kinds of weapons which have their own special ability, they're all pretty decent so it doesn't matter much but you'll probably stick with swords. There are like a dozen of different enemies and their attacks are very simple so this isn't like Terraria which has a more combat oriented experience with its bosses and several different enemies. The same goes for building when compared to Terraria, Stardew Valley is more about enjoying your life and exploring what it has to offer.The crafting part of the game is pretty good, there're a bunch of things to craft and meals to cook if you like that but you won't be making your own custom buildings and stuff like in Minecraft or Terraria, you can decorate your house and set up your farm as you wish (there's a lot of space that you can do whatever you feel like), but the buildings for animals can't be customized and you can only choose their placing (they can be upgraded though).The other aspect of the game is the social interaction you have with the characters, you can talk to them, help them with tasks and give them gifts in order to increase your affection with them. They have like a dozen different dialogues that will repeat a lot over the time you play the game, so don't expect too much about that. There are 10 different characters (soon 12 in the next update) that you can marry and eventually have up to 2 children with (yes, same sex marriage is allowed) and each of them is pretty different from the other so it's a good variety. As you get closer to every character, you'll be able to trigger cut scenes that will reveal more about them and how they are. There is in-game time, so certain events and NPC behavior will depend on the day, time of the day and season (people don't go out very often during winter for example), etc. which also means you need to plan out your days a little because certain shops and houses will be open/closed at different times and you may miss what you want to do because you were too busy taking care of your crops, animals or chopping wood to get that new house upgrade or deliver that quest item someone needs.It's important to notice that there's no real objective in this game; no final boss, no number to reach, etc. you're supposed to start your new life in there and enjoy it as it goes with its struggles and joys, even though you get quests to complete you can simply choose not to. With that in mind I think it's fair to say that every content is optional content, there are areas to explore and secrets to discover but it's nothing complicated.The art is really good, the sprites are great and the whole world overall looks as good as pixel art can be.The music is also very good, it changes based on events, season and ambient you are in but it could use some more variety in my opinion.It's very easy to not realize you've been playing for several hours as you get completely immersed into the game.Things that I don't like or could be better:- No multiplayer.- Quality of life details such as: indicators, health bars, etc.- More interaction with other characters (some of them have less events than others), more events in general and objects to interact with.- Some areas lack a lot or serve no real purpose, which is a huge waste (the desert area is an example of something that has a lot of potential and is lacking a lot in my opinion).- No meaningful interaction with your pet.- The mines could use some more love, maybe some traps or some kind of special enemies, maybe events with the adventurer's guild in the mine, etc.- More items to wear and they should be displayed on your character (only the boots and hat are displayed).And maybe some other things I forgot, but when I learned that this whole game was all done by a single person and that there's still more content to be added in the future (one of them being multiplayer), I  think all my cons to the game, while still cons, are kinda nullified. I can't possibly imagine the amount of work and love that was invested into this game by its creator.It's also worth mentioning that the modding community started working on this game as soon as it was released so if you feel something is lacking you may be able to fix it with a mod.I bought this game when I was feeling down and wanted to play something I can only describe as a ""healing game"" or, if that's too pretentious, something that makes me forget about the things bothering me and allows me to just focus on something that makes me feel good. Stardew Valley was a great experience for me and it's worth every single cent it costs, I recommend it 100%."
,Recommended,413150,21520977,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,K!netic,"After landing on my little plot of land, the first thing that struck me as strange was that my first quest was to meet townspeople. Wasn't this a farming game? I trudged around and clicked on people, and they mostly passed by in a blur. But then, after a few days of fishing and toiling in the fields, I realized that I was seeking out specific NPCs to see what they had to say. I wanted to know what the crazy guy in the forest thought, and how he'd react to being given a weird berry I found. I noticed that one of the girls who worked at a shop was listed as ""single"", and wondered how many days in a row I'd need to shower her with increasingly-crappy gifts before the game considered us to be in a relationship. I befriended the old fisherman, the emo teen, and the weird wizard. In all those conversations, they never repeated a line of dialogue, and every line was unique to the character. While going back and forth to buy seeds or process geodes, I found myself genuinely enjoying the world and its silly little inhabitants - which has practically never happened to me.But the NPCs alone weren't what made me play this for 14 hours straight. There's no single thing that makes this game engaging. The interplay of building, crafting, foraging, fighting, fishing, farming, exploring, and friend-making is absolutely perfect. Each relies (to some extent) on all the others, and while you can avoid tasks you don't like, you benefit greatly from doing a little of everything. And so you do everything - and just as soon as you think ""well, that's all the depth they could add to THAT"", a new mechanic or location crops up, and you scurry over to play with it. Even if you're just trying to collect the widest selection of gold-star-quality items for the autumn fair (so you can win the competition with Pierre, the general store owner who is so-nice-it's-douchy).There's a balance here, a thoughtfulness that shows that every inch of the game was deliberately placed and thought-out. Even the literal trash that you sometimes drudge up from the bottom of a pond has a balanced use. That level of focus and attention to detail produces an uncommonly good game; and regardless of your gaming background, you can almost certainly enjoy it."
,Recommended,413150,33658439,Posted: 19 July,all,wombat,this a good game right here let me tell u i been farmin up a storm right quick
,Recommended,413150,33620917,Posted: 17 July,all,Amby,all my love for this game. <3
,Recommended,413150,33500619,Posted: 13 July,all,Pr3tty-0dd,10/10 farming would farm again
76561198024698765,Recommended,413150,33970166,Posted: 2 August,all,Oyi™,"Seriously, this game is flawless, can't wait for the multiplayer feature !!"
,Recommended,413150,33980311,Posted: 2 August,all,joezero,i enjoy this yes
76561198015419226,Recommended,413150,34689265,Posted: 2 September,all,Evangelic,"This game is ridiculously good. I've been looking for something Harvest Moon-y for so long and honestly, Stardew Valley does it better than what it's trying to imitate. The game feels strangely nostalgic as you make your way through the beginning stages of the game. Its characters are cute and simple, though dialogue can be a bit shallow and uninteresting at times. I would call the story relatively straightforward, but it's endearing enough to keep you interested in the various character plots and overarching plots. The true strength of this game lies in its mechanics. It's simply fun to collect, farm and achieve your own personal farm goals. If they make a sequel to this, I would buy it in a heartbeat."
76561198193273562,Recommended,413150,31872431,Posted: 20 May,all,dododoggy,why cant i marry mayor lewis ??
76561198382644483,Recommended,413150,33259877,Posted: 4 July,all,BattleBomb,"Stardew Valley is one of the most addicting games I have purchased. Less than two weeks, I have 24 hours on this game. You don't have to farm. You can mine for ore, fight monsters for monster loot, fish... Dumpster dive... This is a fun game, which I highly recommend. Also people like cookies and bread from the trash so yeah. Get it."
76561198117040918,Recommended,413150,21484326,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,lynx,"I was hyped about this, but still expectations exceeded! I love it! It has everything a Harvest Moon fan needs and much much more!"
76561198022820501,Recommended,413150,31487076,Posted: 1 May,all,N3RUB1,This is an amazing game! It will suck your life out of you and puts it in the character you create!  Simply addicitive and amazing.
76561198319593662,Recommended,413150,34830471,Posted: 8 September,all,☆★GuardiansOfGalaxy★☆,This is a very good game!
,Recommended,413150,33407597,Posted: 9 July,all,♥ Hva skjer ♥,Bought this game 8 days ago. Now I have 46.6h. Send help!11/10 best game I've played in a long time.
76561198120748937,Recommended,413150,31482597,Posted: 1 May,all,렌조 >_<,Good game 10/10Do not play this game if you have a thesis to finish.
,Recommended,413150,21596580,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[DOLN] XShortestStrawX,"It is everything Harvest Moon was and more. Definitely one of the more enjoyable gaming experiences I have had in recent memory. The replayability is seemingly endless. It took me about 9 hours to get through the first spring, and it is a little slow going, but there is so much to do that it never gets boring or feels like a grind. The crafting is simple and effective. The ability to customize your farming plots is one of the best parts about the game. The fishing is simple, yet challenging and addicting. The quests don't seem very useful to me at this point, but that could change as I keep playing I suppose. Overall, as everyone else pretty much says, this game is highly recommended if you are/were a fan of any of the Harvest Moon games."
,Recommended,413150,21645547,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,mistakez,I played almost 2 Hours Wheel of Fortune to get a Fedora.10/10good game
76561197980901776,Recommended,413150,21759263,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ruby Pink,"I picked this game up 2...no wait! 3 days ago, was it 3 days ago, no a year ago...no that was an in game year!Ah!Help!  This game is to addictive!12/10"
,Recommended,413150,30278370,Posted: 2 March,all,a_walking_dead,"This is the most relaxing and peaceful game there is.Go for it, it's worth it even at full price."
,Recommended,413150,35483748,Posted: 4 October,all,GarrettAlpha910,Who needs a real husband when you have Alex? 11/10 would starDEW again
,Recommended,413150,21513151,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cirom,"Harvest Moon done right. (Or, as it's called now, Story of Seasons)The progression is faster (no waiting just to get a FREAKING FISHING ROD), there's way more to do (mining is available year-round, not just Winter), the farm you get is absolutely HUGE and you're given a lot more control in building things ON your farm (think Harvest Moon DS), fishing is actually interesting (if a bit frustrating, definitely doesn't let you relax), and the characters are pretty interesting too (even if I'm having trouble remembering them all!)Seriously, if you're interested in the Harvest Moon series at all.. get this. Because it's just BETTER."
,Recommended,413150,23999497,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,"Bean, Young",> Plays game for 0.4 hours> owns a prebuilt from 1995> writes negative review causecomputer cant run game10/10 would review again
,Recommended,413150,24153566,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Basti,"The ultimate mix between harvest moon, animal crossing and terraria. Really bad graphic, however really good gameplay. I played exactly one year and had a lot of fun. Unfortunately there is yet no motivation to go on, still this game is worth it's money!"
,Recommended,413150,21554934,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sgt. Andersson [29th ID],"Do you like Harvest Moon? This is better. It has just the right amount of difficulty to make it feel challenging but not stressful, and the quality is great. Music, art, depth, this game has it all and more. I just wish the girls had cuter character art, the alpha stage portraits look a lot better than what we have now. Especially Maru, she was a cute girl with flowy hair and now she looks like a dorky wannabe feminist :(It's still a 10/10 game for the genre though, Rune Factory 3 has better waifus and combat but everything else is better in Stardew!"
,Recommended,413150,21937064,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Xpnkrockemox,"As I'm typing this I have played over 5 Hours. I am not sure where the 5 hours went...All I think about is my farm and how i need to repair it...Buy this game, u will be addicted."
76561197961631379,Recommended,413150,21951077,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Xceptional,The harvest moon you have been waiting for mixed with the crafting aspects of terraria.  Great fun game.
,Recommended,413150,22099490,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Dr.RubricArc,A girl actually agreed to marry me.11/10 unrealistic simulator would recommend
,Recommended,413150,21596429,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Obsidianfire,"If you liked Harvest Moon, get this game."
,Recommended,413150,21597291,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,bugsy,i FRIGGEN LOVE THIS LIL GAME
76561198047620262,Recommended,413150,21850158,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ZeroBudgetGamer,"Just finished my first year.  Most modern Harvest Moon games start to bore me by the middle of the first Winter, but this game still has its hooks in me.  Worth every cent, doubly so if you're a fan of Harvest Moon."
01000100010011110,Recommended,413150,23205054,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Seto Kawaiiba,I lost friends by raiding their bins for valuables. Very realistic gaming experience.
76561197987128284,Recommended,413150,21812431,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Madgnoolm,"Simply cannot recommend this enoughIt is fun, relaxing and simpleFun: You can build your own very little farm, shape it the way you wantRelaxing: You can pretty much not fail in this game, a nice change compared to all these hardcore games these daysSimple: You see the graphics, but they WORKProves: Graphics are not needed for a brilliant gameIf the game play is there, the game can be very simpleNow excuse me, I need to farm! ... sorry for that pun"
,Recommended,413150,21914595,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,- eX -  PUBG 180.000,very nice game
,Recommended,413150,25901722,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Purrmaid,"I was expecting farmville.What I got included ghosts, spirits, witches flying over my farm and cursing it and a mystery at the community senter.There is honestly only two flaws that annoys me- The events are the same every year, which is fine, however they don't change. (So far) Every npc says the same thing, and the ONLY small difference would be that your husband/wife/gf/bf stands next to you during the ""cutscene""- Fishing is idioticly hard. If you don't like farming, dating games etc, I'd still recommend this game JUST for fishing. It's the most hardcore arcade game you'll ever play! I don't normally like mods, but stardew valley made me hunt down a fishing mod. it was an ""easier fishing mod"", I went with the ""easiest not recommended fishing mods"" and there are STILL some fish I have problems catching.Edit: nominated for best farm animals because no farm animals beats being a farmer in this game!"
76561198042261571,Recommended,413150,21775577,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jamie,"If you've been missing some of the classic Harvest Moon mechanics but enjoyed Rune Factory's approach with introducing fighting mechanics, Stardew Valley is going to satisfy you. Some people have been calling this the product of what happens if Animal Crossing, Zelda, and Harvest Moon had an orgy. Fair comparison. However, if you're a bigger fan of the Harvest Moon series and remember the whimper that was Rune Factory, Stardew Valley is what Rune Factory should have been.When you first pick up the game, you might find yourself a bit lost. Start planting. Immediately. Take your seeds you're gifted and plant. Take your money you do have and waste it all on seeds. Forage and sell what you can. Get a silo. Get chickens. You need the early start. This is the same advice I'd give if you're playing Harvest Moon. It's essentially the same.But here's where we diverge. Unlike Harvest Moon, you have to really maintain those relationships and work hard to remain friends. Figure out what people like and be a good person. Be a member of the town (or support corporate madness, you Walmart junkie!) and make a difference. On this main storyline, you do have a significant impact on helping your new home or letting your former employment take over and do some unsavory things to this little piece of paradise you found. There's also a leveling system. At the end of the day, you will be told if you leveled up a skill and be granted with something new. You might be able to craft something new or find a new recipe. It's finally useful to just repeatedly till the earth. You're being rewarded for these repetitive actions and you will be given useful items, too.Fishing takes a little time to master. It also takes patience. If any deity would like to listen to this prayer, please grant me the patience to fish. Mining in the dungeon is fun, yet sometimes irritating if you stumble upon a layer that is filled with monsters. There's not too much punishment for trial and error. Sure you may lose a single item and a bit of money for getting knocked out, but it's easy to earn back.It's bright and cheerful, even if sometimes you get shoved with character situations that may not be so cheerful. Did we mention the dev still gives updates even if the game is essentially complete? We still get goodies, updates, and bug squashing. Mmmn. Devs who care. That's delicious.The only thing that bothers me is that I still get confused moving around town. It's difficult sometimes. The game gets completely dark at certain in game hours and you can have some difficulty moving around. This is more irritating than a neat ""look it's nighttime!"" thing. I also wish I could find out about my neighbors through talking to others a bit more, but hey, I guess this game doesn't award me through gossiping.Your general farming simulator. If you liked Harvest Moon, you'll like this. It keeps the good things from majority of the games while eliminating some of the things we groaned about. It's something I've been waiting for. I just really wanted a good farming sim that would allow me to build a house, romance someone cute, and let me do whatever I want at my pace without irritating me about building some army. No, I'm the army with my gardening tools."
76561198041399191,Recommended,413150,21832180,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,I Kinda Fail,"It's very realistic. I run out of energy quickly, all the stores close right as I walk in, I can't afford anything, everyone's suspicious of me giving them gifts, nobody would be my partner at the dance, and I just don't know what I'm doing in general.9/10"
76561198230140808,Recommended,413150,33344334,Posted: 7 July,all,Balthazar the Diabolical,"Harvest moon, except you can put a large shopping mall out of buisness. HELL YEAH! STICK IT TO THE MAN!10/10 would destroy coroprate overlords again."
76561198259889214,Recommended,413150,29840178,Posted: 10 February,all,lowkeysalty,lesbian farm simulator is my favorite game
,Recommended,413150,21495495,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Waseland,"In Stardew Valley, your friends get lost...First day I chopped up some wood, gathered some fiber and cut some stone to make some place for my petite farm.Also I met some townpeeps, most were friendly.Second day it was raining, didn't have to water my crops so I went in town and met most of the people.Third day I got a quest to deliver a sun fish to Sebastian. Got the sunfish... where is Sebastian? Ah well, I will meet him tomorrow... Watered my crops, met some people and went to bedGoing into the 4th day now.. I hope I can find Sebastian...Great game if you like games like Harvest Moon. Beauitiful artwork and a relaxing soundtrack."
,Recommended,413150,33621748,Posted: 17 July,all,SK | cygnus,how do they arrange pixels to make such hot girls
76561198097988719,Recommended,413150,23731074,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OCracks,This game is RIGHT UP MY VALLEY! :D
76561198130872726,Recommended,413150,23455799,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Obscene,Now I know how it feels growing up in Brakpan.
76561198073258163,Recommended,413150,31948017,Posted: 25 May,all,Krunkboi49,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ID YOU VALUE YOR TIME!I purchased this three days ago and have logged 25 hours sinceOverall 10/10 game, would recommend"
,Recommended,413150,21881748,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Queen Rei,"This game is so addictive, I'm trying to talk my friends, who wouldn't normally play these kinds of games, into getting it.One big problem I have....I HATE HATE HATE the fishing mechanics of this game! It's SO dumb...yes...I'm a sore loser about it.Otherwise, this game is amazing. If you like tedious and slow pace, this is perfect!"
,Recommended,413150,22016616,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,PNT Leo,"10/10A masterfully re-done version of Harvest Moon, by far the best $15 I've spent in a while."
76561198091563444,Recommended,413150,23946831,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nub Snubbler,Best game around just wish i could grow tobaco and weed and sell it to both cubans and the mexican drug cartels 9/10 ign like skyrim with 16 bit farming.
76561198065980192,Recommended,413150,21595476,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Aude Sapere,A much more satisfying rpg than fallout 4.
,Recommended,413150,21604714,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ChipChippy,"After I bought the game, I had a 14 hour non-stop session."
76561198097421958,Recommended,413150,21481355,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DragonNemo,"Brilliant, very Harvest Moon-esk xx Love it :D"
76561198020680039,Recommended,413150,21481578,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,avaturd,waited for this game for so long! and its well worth the wait.
,Recommended,413150,21482232,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Svartsjö,I ate a daffodil
,Recommended,413150,21480403,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GamingEspresso,"Simply amazing.I've waited for this game to come out for three straight years and now we finally have this masterpiece.It's a cross between game 'Harvest Moon' and 'Terarria' and they've picked up the positive aspects of those games and put them together.So far, I see no reason to hate this game. Art is amazing, soundtrack is beautiful, and gameplay is flawless. I hope this game gets a ton of support around the world so that the game developer can feel good about the fact that he created this masterpiece by himself."
,Recommended,413150,22883653,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Kryztal,It's nice.
,Recommended,413150,33141747,Posted: 2 July,all,Ewarse,Just one. more. day.
,Recommended,413150,24431740,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Muaath,"Well, what are you waiting for?"
76561198041257760,Recommended,413150,24060238,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dustar Forgash,I really love pretty much everything about this game.Addiction simulator!  10/10
,Recommended,413150,30525067,Posted: 15 March,all,Princessahime,"To me, I give 8.5/10You can keep playing without limits. There are many things you can do and you can plan things you would like to do in each day as if you were in the game. The price of this game is reasonable.Above all, even low-spec PC can run this game without any problems. (If you don't mind about graphic like me, this game is your answer)If you have never played such a game like this before, it might be hard to manage everything in time but if you keep going and unlock something, it will be easier to understand and achieve what you want.However, the clock is too fast. In a day, you might do only 1 or 2 per day and you have to go home before late. If you can't go home in time, you will pass out and lose some items/money."
76561198127941113,Recommended,413150,30609210,Posted: 19 March,all,SoldrFool,"With 97% of all reviews positive, i decided to give this game a shot and was prepared to be hooked. These types of games remind me of my childhood as i miss the simpler games i was fond of instead of the games today which sometimes focus more on graphics than gameplay. I still cannot believe this game was made by a single person. The amount of care and love put into this game is insane with more updates still coming, all for free, all made by that one single person. I regret getting this game at a steal for like $12 cause this game feels so much more worth it than even the starting price at $15. I only hope that i make anyone else want to buy this game cause i will say it now, BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198355575962,Recommended,413150,30604992,Posted: 18 March,all,chandler0206,"Great game, I've spent almost two hundred hours playing this amazing game, and I still haven't done everything."
76561198002308795,Recommended,413150,26895743,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flaky,I dont know why I keep coming back to this game.
76561198018839185,Recommended,413150,25107063,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Crabby,"One of the best games i've played in a while. All aspects of its gameplay is smooth and fun, and overall it's just an amazing experience."
,Recommended,413150,22651077,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Double - U,"From the moment your feet touch ground in the valley, your fate is sealed and forevermore the life you once knew is lost. Now you are bound to this place, a town built atop an endlessly shifting abyss of tunnels and monsters hence on rainy days the moans of some ineffable being resonates. To think that people once mined here, yet now it is brimming with monsters. What did those ill-fated pioneers uncover in that perpetually twisting labyrinth? Why do the villagers never speak of what happened there even as boundless riches await untouched within? The walking skeletons, who were they once?The trains know better than to stop at this accursed shoreline and the moment you arrive the bus mysteriously ""breaks"". Even when it is returned to operation the driver only wordlessly transports you to a solitary and barren location, the site of a yet worse subterranean maze.While the town seems normal at a glance you need only investigate to find inhuman and occult outliers, beings that dwell on the fringe spaces of the settlement but are scarcely mentioned by its tight-lipped inhabitants. Creatures of myth such as dwarves, wizards and other stranger things besides.There are smaller unsettling signifiers of Stardew Valley's hidden true nature. The impossible diversity of flora, sea life, and minerals. The ruins of modernity scattered about such as the burned house, the abandoned spa, the derelict community center, the destroyed bridge. Nobody in town speaks of these things, the events that lead to it. Is there a story for each or are their fates the persistent symptom of some malign causality? Will the player's house one day become just more unspoken rubble?I Believe this to be a commentary on the addictiveness of the game itself. No matter how hard you try, you can never leave this game. You might start playing with the attitude of ""Just one more day"", then one day turns into 5 days, turns into a season, turns into a year turns into 50 hours.You might quit the game, but you'll be back. You can never truly leave.And the worst thing about it is that you are fully responsible.The only way to avoid this fate is to never start playing.Also you can raise dinosaurs...10/10"
,Recommended,413150,27547970,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kennaay,Amazing casual game and is a great time sink.
,Recommended,413150,21704436,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,:: Rolf ::,"""How do i sleep in this game?""""You don't sleep anymore - you're a Stardew Valley pro now"""
,Recommended,413150,28118162,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hopeless,8.8 Great         IGNPros:Blend of genresComplex peoplePlenty to doLots of secretsCons:Limited social system
,Recommended,413150,25739938,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Aliandris,"Relaxing, pleasant, and an easy way to lose track of a lot of time.The hints of darkness under the surface give this game an excellent sense of depth that would otherwise be lacking in a ""cheery farming simulator""."
,Recommended,413150,30622353,Posted: 19 March,all,Ncubed,This game is adorable and feeds my needs for a simple life. I love that there are dungeons and mystical qualities as well. The only thing I wish is there to be additions or DLCs in the future.
76561198371217261,Recommended,413150,30607049,Posted: 18 March,all,ShinyPrivates,"This game is so much more than what you initially think it is.  Worth every penny, hours of entertaining things to do in this game."
,Recommended,413150,21844609,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MrFourTwenty,I cannot say enough good things about this game.  It is fantastically delicious!!
,Recommended,413150,22243343,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,P L E R,i luv it
76561198100700531,Recommended,413150,27839034,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RiddlesOnVoid,"As a hardcore loving harvest moon player, stardew valley satisfy my cravings and went over my expections. If you love the gameplay in harvest moon, you do not want to miss this game. Hopefully the official multiplayer comes out soon."
76561198076467395,Recommended,413150,30420448,Posted: 9 March,all,Jeredo,"This game is lovely. I can't get enough of this. Though it took me a couple tries to get the farm I wanted, this is probably one of my favorite games of  all time.Probably my favorite money I've spent on a video game."
76561198262340917,Recommended,413150,29060305,Posted: 6 January,all,blakeearth,"I haven't played the game much yet, but I've used it as a relaxing escape from the stresses of day-to-day life. It's a very meditative game, and the soundtrack is soothing to boot. I'd recommend this for anyone interested in a casual, calming experience."
,Recommended,413150,30533653,Posted: 15 March,all,dra9onmaster27,"Holy Mother of God...This game is absolutely beutifully astounding.there are no words.The story line, even though it is super small, makes you never want to stop. you feel involved. in the first year, i already had a massive farm and a wife. THIS GAME IS GREAT! it honestly doesnt feel like a game, it feels like a life. get it. NOW!"
,Recommended,413150,23014822,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Nilmerg,cute anime girl seduces emo with parsipsalso spent like 30 mins trying to get 2000 stars in the stardew valley fair using the wheel11/10no but seriouslythis game is an addictionplay it
76561198178389383,Recommended,413150,24749625,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,EnemyArtist8199,This game is an amazing game that should be seen by every steam account. I feel like it is the best game i have so far. Love this game.
,Recommended,413150,21741200,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Medicc,"Woke up 5am. Opened the game.11 hours later I realized I had work today.They told me if I missed my shift tomorrow, I would get fired.Guess who's unemployed tomorrow?Rate this game 5/7"
76561198060549912,Recommended,413150,29194689,Posted: 11 January,all,Wasp_,"This game is like weed. You try its pretty cool, try it some more...Maybe more couldent hurt right?, get deeper into the story, then you notice you spent wayy to much time of your life playing this game.Long story short its addicting and funalso you can marry a women that eats rocks... 10/10"
76561198321477463,Recommended,413150,30530397,Posted: 15 March,all,MapleSyrup,great game its as if animal crossing and terraria and harvest moon all got together and became one defentily woth the money
,Recommended,413150,30562238,Posted: 16 March,all,Thrillhouse,"Addictive and Fun, reminds me of animal crossing, yet with more to do and exploreGreat sense of achievement upgrading your farmCute retro style with quirky NPCsExcited to see where the multiplayer mode will take it8/10 would reccomend"
,Recommended,413150,30565004,Posted: 17 March,all,Toasterpoppin,"I love this game, Its all the best bits of harvest moon, animal crossing and terraria combined. A brilliant art style and epic soundtrack, its one that I suggest everyone picks up if they enjoy any of the mentioned games, my only issues so far is that the music doesnt loop, if you spend too much time in one area you eventually get no music"
76561198260492367,Recommended,413150,30504401,Posted: 14 March,all,Aquamayhem,It has been 131 hours of play and still haven't done everything I wanted to do!
,Recommended,413150,28010750,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wisecraft,It basically combines RPG elements with Farming simulation and it does beautifully.
76561198090078491,Recommended,413150,30576308,Posted: 17 March,all,FarmerRange,"Awesome game! More engaging than Harvest Moon, tons to do, would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,413150,24751197,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sadie,"Absolutley perfect. This game is everything I wanted as a long-time Harvest Moon fan who just wanted the game to let me be a lesbian. And on top of that, Stardew adds a combat aspect, engaging characters, and makes me excited for each new day to begin in ways Harvest Moon couldn't quite achieve. In short, this game is perfect.What Harvest Moon plans for you, Stardew Valley allows you to create for yourself. In Stardew Valley, you're able to spend your days doing whatever you'd like without pressure to do something else. I've gone entire weeks in the mines, without farming, and spent weeks outside with my crops and my chickens. Hell, I've spent weeks doing nothing but exploring the town and foraging between conversations. Every day I've spent in this beautiful world has been satisfying.Stardew Valley is worth more than every cent and I think everyone should get a chance to play this beautiful, wonderful game. If you're even slightly interested in the concept, I'm confident it'll consume your life."
,Recommended,413150,26063892,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,mossy,"Wow! Just WOW!This game has everything I love in Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing packed in one extremely detailed game. The pixel art and characters are colorful and the even the combat is fun. Fishing, upgrading, leveling, crafting, building, expanding, mining, smelting, and discovering are all included! The game is pixel art form which pulls at my nostalgic heart strings.If you enjoy harvest moon genre games, I strongly recommend trying Stardew Valley.9.7/10PROS:- The developer is very involved with patches and fixes. Eric Barone, you rock!- Soundtrack and effects are fitting and well made.- Combat and other RPG elements are exceptional in that everything feels right.- Story and character relationships are relatable. (You can even mod the game via steam workshop)- Progression is steady, but there is no feeling to rush.- No online requirement, so you can play offline anytime.- Writing is funny and well thought out.- The fishing is so enjoyable, it was the first mastery I reached.- Environments and textures are colorful and fleshed out. Very beautiful.- Game is also optimized for game controller support. Though, mouse and keyboard controls are tight.- After the recent patch, there are so much more in the game that adds to gameplay and options. I'm extremely pleased and updated the score to 9.7/10.CONS:- Lack of multiplayer."
,Recommended,413150,26063118,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,sick1057,"Reminiscent of the classic Harvest Moon, but with notable improvements and stream lined gameplay.  An excellent homage to a great game, redefining itself to provide an unique experience with a strong sense of familiarity."
,Recommended,413150,22174090,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,NattoShaw,"Really love this game bought it a few weeks ago and already love it! It is fun and enjoyable. It even has nice 2D graphics and it is really adictive. Really worth buying. Keep it out ConcernedApe! I am looking forward for the future updates, mostly multiplayer!"
,Recommended,413150,22507750,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sosolo_,"Really good game, fun to play when you just need something to kick back and relax to"
,Recommended,413150,22509444,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Goats Are Cute,Extremely time consuming and enjoyable. Great for relaxing
,Recommended,413150,22508068,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Penguin Power,i grew so many virtual crops and caught so many fake fish i forgot to feed myself in real life.worth it.
76561198222870640,Recommended,413150,22485696,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dropofrayn,I recommend this game.
76561198157937717,Recommended,413150,22506753,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Andy,Love pretty much everything about the gameonly thing i dislike is that its so addicting
,Recommended,413150,22491258,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,I've only played this game for like 3 hours and I'm already in love with everything about it.
76561198038328122,Recommended,413150,22483076,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ynyienae,A better version of Harvest Moon.
,Recommended,413150,22447303,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,"cybersex`;.,-","This is a really awesome game. I downloaded at pirated version first because I didn't have the money, it's really really good. I felt bad for not supporting the developer so I bought it. Feels so good, ConcernedApe."
,Recommended,413150,22433770,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Griffballz,Solid
,Recommended,413150,22445386,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Deadshotshadow,very fun lots of things to do adicting soundtrack and deep characters to get attached to 9/10
76561198179624654,Recommended,413150,21683481,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Transcendent Anon,"This is comfy and addicting. What's best is that the dev released a completed game, which seems to be rare thing these days."
,Recommended,413150,21684338,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Arbastar,I have never been so excited for Melons in my life.
,Recommended,413150,21670622,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,yellowjojo,the equivelnt of Harvest Moon
76561197963696202,Recommended,413150,21683241,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,AdmiralWarron,"If you loved Harvest Moon for the SNES then this is a must buy for you. This game capture the spirit, style and mood of that game perfectly and builds on that with new features like combat or building structures in your farm and improvements in everything, for example the Mouse/KB controls or certain repetetive elements of the original like foraging or fishing."
,Recommended,413150,21545086,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,runningferret,"Pushes all the right nostalgia buttons, while being a fantastic modern game in its own right. Came for the Harvest Moon, stayed for the 'everything is totally awesome!'"
,Recommended,413150,21783309,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,nbd9,Brings back memories of when Animal Crossing: City Folk was the best.
,Recommended,413150,21703356,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,DiscoverME,"I don't usually review games, but I feel the need to do one for Stardew Valley. As a veteran Harvest Moon player, this game really does a fantastic job at reviving the series as a sort of spiritual successor. From the music, to the art, to the mechanics and characters, this game does nothing but improve on the old Small Town Farm RPG formula. It takes some great cues from the Harvest Moon spinoff, Rune Factory, with an entertaining and challenging optional combat system. With customization, enormous plot of land, crafting, and a lot more, it is basically everything that Harvest Moon strived to be! I definitely recommend this game."
76561198062427264,Recommended,413150,21633825,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Some0nE,I just can't stop playing this game.One more day10/10
,Recommended,413150,21619934,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,jlonso,"As I didn't have much experience with this type of games, 'Harvest Moon' nish games, the start was straight up horriblefor me.It didn't really appeal to me, and I didn't really felt the urge to continuegrinding. I was confused at the start and had to resort to googling how to keep my Energy/Stamina filled and how to move chests. The only thing I excelled at was using the tools optimally, like which for mining rocks/wood etc...Like I said, this is just my opinion but I really hope I was spoonfed at thestartof the game. I would recommend the game, but only if you are into Harvest moon and rpg? Not sure if I got the genre correct."
,Recommended,413150,24302953,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,phoenixthefirebird,"As a long-time Harvest Moon vet, finding this game(or rather, being teased about it by a friend) was a dream come true. It took the best of the franchise and made it even better, something I never thought would be possible. 10/10 for same-sex relationship options alone.Also THANK GOD for finally being able to customize appearances at character creation instead of a catch-all sprite. Definitely recommend this for anyone who enjoys Harvest Moon/Animal Crossing, or simply wants a game to curl up and unwind with.Just look out for 'ONE...MORE...DAY' syndrome, I've lost count of how many times I've stayed up until 4 am or later thanks to that."
76561198064588813,Recommended,413150,24302734,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,tonyh442,I never thought this was the type of game for me but bought it during the Summer sale and have been obsessed ever since.
76561198326637280,Recommended,413150,26493195,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,meekmark.pixie,"This is probably the best farming game I have ever played. In my opinion, Stardew Valley beat out any and all of the Harvest Moon games. Your energy doesn't drain so fast and you do not have to feed yourself. The one downfall is that the fishing is extremely difficult at the beginning. You will only be able to catch fish that are at 'your' fishing skill level."
,Recommended,413150,21539648,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,jubbygub,great
,Recommended,413150,21713018,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Weiss Schnee,Best indie game of the year.
,Recommended,413150,23856483,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nebulouswolf,Prepare to lose your precious hours.. recommended
,Recommended,413150,21856490,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Major,"What else can I say that hasn't already been said. This game is fun. Real fun. It's also very addicting in all the right ways.There is so much to do in this game that it stays just as interesting in the first hour as it does the 30th hour and this is coming from someone who didn't care that much for Harvest Moon.The best part is how cheap this game is. $15 is an excellent price and may be the best 15 I've ever spent. (At the very least the best 15 I've spent on Games.It's creativity like this that make it harder and harder to reccomend $60 AAA games. Seriously, go get this game."
,Recommended,413150,21537053,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mutumbo,its good
,Recommended,413150,22210648,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Drake,10/10 Brings back memories from old school Harvest Moon games!
,Recommended,413150,24646665,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Bobby B,Life simulatorI wish my life is like this
76561198021038084,Recommended,413150,22353728,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Nubarion,"An incredible game, as an individual who never cared much for the Harvest moon series or any of the other referenced titles put under this amazing creation, I found it astonishingly addictive and enjoyable!Ofc, with so many other games there's a very few things I'd like to see tweaked on a personal level, like how you can't scavenge certain items, despite having a gold star stack in your otherwise full bags, whilst holding the Botanist profession.Changes which I'm sure will get worked upon btw!Though such small bargains feint in the greater picture of things!I can't begin to say how much I'd recommend this game if anything just as much as slightly tags your interest!And to think it was all done by 1 man? That's got to give some fancy points!- 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21612593,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,FishDeacon,"17 hours in and I'm only the third month in. This game is great, developer is great and quick on bugfixes, harvest moon players will find themselves right at home. Love it; Highly recommended."
,Recommended,413150,22539032,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,baron_roxie,"Great Game, my best friend bought it for me for my Birthday yesterday, I personally think that it's a wonderful Harvest Moon clone it appears to also use the Minecraft/Minetest engine by the look of the inventory screen. And it has a decent story and unique features  like same-gender marriage from what I hear."
76561198071528098,Recommended,413150,24369844,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BrianB,"I thought I would only play this game for a couple of hours, just to see what it was like.Never have I been so wrong in my life."
76561198288460698,Recommended,413150,24370455,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,kaster2003,it is super great and addictive
,Recommended,413150,21723046,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Lunal,"I've had this game 3 days and played it 31 hours so far. ""Just one more day so I can do that thing I wanna do, then I will quit and go to bed."" Is my mantra for like 3 hours before bed every night. I can't stop playing this game!Like so many reviews, I will say if you liked Harvest Moon, you will love this game. It does everything great that the Harvest Moon games did (and better!) while keeping nothing I disliked about the HM series.Things I Love:- I am a collector of things, I love the Community Center and Museum collection mechanics. I feel like this gives me great goals and keeps me on track.- The mine is really fun, love the way it is implimented. Gives me something to do on rainy days besides explore and talk to people, plus the RPG style combat is a nice change of pace.- The game's art style is beautiful and charming, the seasonal/daily changes (example falling cherry blossoms) are a really nice touch.- Everything feels really nicely optimised for the mouse/keyboard.- I really like the characters and their friendship events are endearing.- The range of animals available feels nice, it's not just cow, chicken, horse.- Basically I love almost everything.Things that bother me a little:- I am an item horder constantly needing new boxes and running out of inventory space. Every time I meet a person having to switch to the inventory to search for their gift is a small thing that irritates me.- Sometimes I feel like when I click to do an action I don't get the thing/action I was aiming for. This is only occasionally.- Death in the mines seems a tad too punishing. I could deal with having two penalties, but I really dislike that I lose gold AND items AND mine levels. If it was two of the three, I'd be less inclined to gripe, especially if you didn't lose mine progress. But every time I die in the mines (every.single.time) I just restart the day and redo everything I'd already done instead of take the loss. That should kinda say something about how irritating I find the penalty.And that is pretty much it. I love 99% of this game and expect to have multiple games for different romantic interests and stay until at least Year 3 to see what happens with that cave...What are you still doing here?!? Go play Stardew Valley!"
,Recommended,413150,22766704,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,KaputCubed,This game is a great combo between Harvest Moon GBC and Animal Crossing with some combat implements.
,Recommended,413150,23860102,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Darksounds,"Here's the thing about this game, you will either hate it or love it, i loved it, it is something to spend up hours into and at first it seems pretty easy to get along through it, but it uses things like energy to stop you from getting to far a head to quickly which it is a problem with alot of games, this game makes you pace yourself, stopping it from burning up too quickly and letting the fun die out."
,Recommended,413150,21693692,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Chelly,"I swear, Satan was behind the idea of the fishing mechanics in this game.  I'll get better at it, but right now I'm salty.Pros:Everything except fishing.Cons:Fishing.11/10, Amazing Game!"
,Recommended,413150,22714126,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ManlyGreg,"One of my favorite games of all time is Harvest Moon: Back to Nature. The characters, gameplay, music; they are all quite simple, yet so charming. I've played quite a few of the Harvest Moon and Rune Factory games since, and while I enjoyed most of them, none of them had me hooked like HM:BTN. But then came Stardew Valley.It's been a long time since a game made me have a sense of wonder, especially now living in the adult world. Most modern games will give you a tutorial of how to play the game, then you play it like they intended, and that's the full experience. But in SV I had so many different things I could and wanted to do right from the start, that there weren't enough hours in the day. Both ingame, and real life hours. I was excited to discover everything the game has contained. And you'd think after playing for a while, you would you know mostly everything, but there are so many quirks to the mechanics of the game that you slowly discover while you play. You can feel the love behind every single pixel in this game. And it was made by one man.Having logged in 150+ hours in the game, I mostly have seen and done everything there is. But the second best part about Stardew Valley, is the free updates even after release. So while I don't have much left to do besides a few loose ends for some achievements, there will be even more content later to explore. Don't get me wrong though, the game is more than complete how it is."
76561198253032075,Recommended,413150,21751625,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,weasel f baby,+Beautiful+Great music+Fun-The social aspect of the game is kinda borring.
,Recommended,413150,21626647,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,rethdakair,"Plenty of things to do, really a good games. Not many glitches. For casual player that enjoys farming and simplified adventure. I'm at the begining of year 2 and it's really interesting to see the farm evolve.It is well worth the full price."
,Recommended,413150,21754762,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,✪Tom✪,I'm Not Going To Bore You With The Pro's And Con's. This Game Is Amazing. 10/10
76561198037158616,Recommended,413150,21627852,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Cpt. Seth,"Everything about this game is amazing.  There is just an abundance to do and every little bit of it is a rewarding experience. There are so many mysteries and I still feel as If I am barely scratching the surface after 40ish hours of gameplay.  The music is absolutely incredible and sends shivers down my spine. Not even Harvest Moon/Rune Factory delievered the amount of satasfaction as I got so far playing this, and I have been a very big fan of those series since the N64 version .// I cannot think of one thing I do not like about this game.10/10 Masterpiece"
,Recommended,413150,21751647,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Harruten,"Stardew Valleyis a game that just came out of nowhere for me much like some other games (such as,in my experience, Undertale, which seriously did come out of nowhere for me when it first dropped on Steam) and I didn't really get much of an appeal from it at first. It looked like a farming game, plays like a farming game, is basically a farming game in the vein of Harvest Moon and Rune Factory, I was told. And with everyone ranting and raving about it, well maybe not that much, I decided to exchange monies for game and give it a try, it had two hours to impress me or it goes in the trash.I played for more than that overall, so it clearly left an impression on me. It was another one of those games that I had low expectations for but found my expectations to be highly exceeded and then some. This is probably the first game of its genre that I've seriously played and I enjoyed it. So now, with that out of the way, let's get on with the rest of the review.GraphicsOf course, this game looks rather simple, two dimension, and is taken from a 3/4 perspective much like the 16-bit rpgs of old. And it certainly works, everything is colorful and vibrant and is easily discernible from each other and is, surprisingly, pretty damn good to look at, if you ask me. The characters are well-done, each one looking unique from the other. Overall, they're pretty damn good.TL;DR - 16-bit style graphics surprisingly make for a good presentation.GameplayFor a game about farming, there's quite a lot of stuff you can do. Obviously, you have your typical plant seeds, water them, grow them, pluck them, sell them, repeat for ever and ever and there's the chop down trees and break stones for crafting materials to craft things that can improve your farm life, add a little aesthetic to it, or grant you access to tools that allow you to make more stuff out of the stuff you're farming.Not only that but you got your fishing which can be a little tricky at first, especially since the learning curve is a little steep and it can be frustrating when you lose your fish since it costs precious energy to cast your rod. I actually quite like it despite its early-game difficulty because, well, it is more engaging than most games that boast fishing as a side-profession.On top of that, you have foraging stuff from the nearby bushes, grasslands, trash cans, fields, and so on, so you're not entirely screwed if you somehow mess up and forget to plant anything before buying that 24-slot bag that's on sale (by the way, that bag is a complete necessity, don't bother farming seriously without it at least).And now we get to the part where you have to socialise with the locals, that's right, you talk with the NPCs to build up a rapport with them and give gifts to them (at a max of two per person per in-game week) to show your appreciation. You can even find your ideal waifu/husbando and try and romance them and, as I've read, unlike most games of this type, yes, you can romance people of the same gender. Each person has their own unique likes and dislikes with everyone sharing a pool of universal likes and dislikes (with some exceptions) which can be guessed without consulting a wiki if you're clever enough to guess. Not to mention, the locals have their own timetable that they go through for every day of the week, for example, Shane, one of the NPCs of the village, can be seen walking to work every day at about 7-8AM at JojaMart (more on that later) where he stays sorting out the shelves there.Sure, it can be a hassle to memorize the patterns of every NPC In the game but that's how life works, if only a simplified one.Also, the timer can be a little too quick for most people. I did read it was about five real world seconds for every ten in-game minutes before it was bumped up to seven but even then, I feel like I was rushed everywhere which can be a little offputting, it's not a huge downside if you're used to it but if you prefer taking things at your own pace, it can be a little dizzying.Last, but not least, there is combat in this game in the form of swords, daggers, clubs, and slingshots. Not very much and it plays like a severely watered down hack and slash and it isn't terribly exciting. Each weapon has their own special too, swords block, daggers do multiple stabs, and clubs swing violently. Pretty weak compared to the rest but functional.TL;DR - It's a farming game where you can woo your preferred waifu/husbando and you can go kill slimes in a cave. You can fish too.StoryLet me sum this one up quickly: When you start the game, your grandpa is on his death bed and he gives you a letter that you eventually open up while at your dull, humdrum job at Joja Co. You move to Stardew Valley where the mayor and the local carpenter seemed to know you were coming. Meanwhile, there's an ongoing cultural war between the local shop and that of JojaMart and the community center, which was run down, is being considered to be taken down and replaced with a warehouse of sorts. Also, the manager of JojaMart is a jerk, you'll find out soon enough if you play this game enough.Phew. Basically, that's how it is. Yes, there is a main storyline that you can participate in but it seems the developer doesn't expect you to complete it within the first in-game year, which is fine and dandy, as these things can take time.TL;DR - Industrialization versus Family business. Also, Morris is an♥♥♥♥♥♥MusicThey're pretty catchy to listen to and it's not like they're blaring in your ear 24/7 as they're interspersed with bits of ambience here and there. I've only played the Spring portion of the game thus far and I've found the music for Spring to have, well, grown on me as I was going about my daily business. It was enough to convince me to buy the soundtrack, to support the developer further.It seems to invoke shades of Animal Crossing in my mind, perhaps those who are more familiar with games of this genre could sense perhaps Harvest Moon vibes in there also.TL;DR - is goodOverallA well put together game, despite its flaws in some places, by one lone developer. I seriously love this game even though I play in one hour bursts when I do boot it up. Oh, did I forget to mention that there's a modding community behind this game? Yes, there is! So there's plenty of replayability to go around, especially since the game files are practically out in the open, anyone with enough skill can take a crack at making their own mark with modding Stardew Valley. Besides that, as it is, it is pretty good and, apparently, there's going to be co-operative play in the future, so I'm fairly optimistic about this game's future to say the least.All in all, Ihighly recommendthis game to anyone who is curious enough to try it. It's not an intensive game and it doesn't demand a lot from you, all it asks is a little bit of your time. Just be sure not to catch the dreaded 'one more day' syndrome and you'll do great."
,Recommended,413150,21746532,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,MR.NANON,This game remind me of Havest Moon!!! but there are more detail and features.After trend game like Havest Moon fade away. I never thought i'll play any game like that anymore.Until NOW!! Stardew Valley bring me back to my childhood.Suggestion!!! If u love Havest Moon u have to love this game too. I guarantee u will not disappointed.
,Recommended,413150,21792274,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SpeepSpoopSpop,"This is basically the Harvest Moon game I always wanted but never got. If you're a fan of that series, you should love this title."
,Recommended,413150,21681886,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Revii Lagoon,"Words don't really describe how much fun and relaxing this game can be. A mix of Harvest moon, a mix of animal crossing, combined with exellent story telling and game design and you have one amazing game."
76561198142574403,Recommended,413150,21611514,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Helix,"11/10, Haley will love me someday."
,Recommended,413150,21783618,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cougar Formerly Known as Gary,"I was very iffy about this game at first due to the campy graphics and the whole ""Harvest Moon"" thing, but I had a little extra cash and decided to throw it at this game in the hopes that maybe I could capture the lightning I felt as a younger kid playing Harvest Moon on my handheld. And boy am I glad I gave it a chance!Where Harvest Moon ends is where Stardew Valley begins. It takes a great formula and uses it as the cornerstone to build a fantastic new world with interesting characters with detailed backstories.At $14.99, you can't beat having a game that you will likely put a hundred hours in before fully completing it.What are you waiting for? Add it to your cart!"
,Recommended,413150,21565941,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Yozora_Ai,I just searched online and notice that dew is slang for Marijuana.They sure named their game correctly.
,Recommended,413150,21700818,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HalfNatty,"I've never played Harvest Moon (or even heard about it) or any other farming sim game. I'm not into those types of games. However, this game is incredibly amazing and addicting. It's so detailed beyond anything I imagined from a $15 game. Each season takes ~10hrs. So even if you only wanted to play for 1 year to see how the game was, you're already spending at least 40hrs in the game for $15 = deal. Also, it's impossible to do everything within one year. A lot of items and other things (festivals) are season dependent. So you're going to miss something and then come back to do it the next year. There is so much content and so many things to keep you busy, without ever making you feel like you're forced to do something. I haven't even been focusing on my farm, only have 3 small (3x3) lots and I'm 15hrs in while writing this review. I've barely scratched the farming aspect. I'm expecting to get around 100hrs out of this game before I get bored and/or run out of things to do. For $15 this game is completely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,413150,21705717,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,HAP,"it's 01:00 am , i'm low on energy , and i'm still in the 40th floor of the mines , should i go running with 1 hour left to my house , or go mining till i drop?*passes out thinking*"
76561198268064429,Recommended,413150,21548850,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mr. Hatter,"Amazing game, although there are some bugs and kinks here. I'm loving how it implemented a levelling feature, although i wish it would show how much more you need to get/do in order to progress tot he next level.I'm currently six hours in and have justgotten my dog (a bit late, i know)but that's what makes this game so addicting, it moves slow enough for you to do take a breath once in a while, but fast enough for you to never get bored with events!I'm glad the that the game resembles harvest moon, yet still has it's own sense of individuality. It strayed from the tree, but didnt fall too far off the branch. Definitely and all around great and ADDICTING game. 10/10 Would play again hehe! ;)"
76561198076965430,Recommended,413150,21784585,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,下北沢劇場,"I am fine with the English version, but it would be better if you can make a Chinese version.It's a good game, but it crashes sometime.Hope we can see an IOS version soon."
76561198116177358,Recommended,413150,21674938,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,sobbanoodle,"If you loved Harvest Moon as a kid, BUY THIS. Amazing."
,Recommended,413150,21779939,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Murphy's Law School,Its fun.
,Recommended,413150,21753794,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,p_D_|_|_-_-,"Do you love Harvest Moon on the GBA? You will love this.Do you hate Harvest Moon on the GBA? You will hate this.This game is essentially the prefect Harvest Moon. Tons of things to do and craft. If you're into games like minecraft, terraria, factorium, or any of those games where you collect stuff and build stuff, I deffinitly think you will enjoy this game since it offers tons of content. I have over 40hrs in the game and still havnt even come close to do everything there is to do.This game is electronic crack. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22391563,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Lord Henthorn,"Im on Summer year3 of the game and massivley addicted to it, its already consumed a week of my life. Also i love the fact that the characters have detail to them and not just mindless npc (even if there dialog dose become abit repetative!)One more more thing i love about the game is the music the game has for each season and location. And finally i love the way the game overall looks so vibrent and detailed in its colour choise! 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22187683,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ChizzleBear,"Normally don't write reviews but I gotta do it for this one. I love this game! It's a lot like ps1 Harvest Moon but so much better. At first I was hesitating because I wanted the same graphics like in the ps1 HM but boy am I glad I didn't go all 'judge-the-book-by-it's-cover' on this one. I've only had this game for 4 days and already have 20+ hours on it. Saying a lot on how fun and addictive Stardew Valley is. The game is simply amazing. If you're a HM fan like me and is still undecided weather to buy this game, i'd say go for it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,413150,21853923,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,goodjob_grandpa,MY BLUEBERRIES NEED TENDING TO
,Recommended,413150,22406834,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Anus,Amazing game 10/10
76561198064107975,Recommended,413150,22423497,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,BlackTP,"Let me start of by saying that I love this game! It's so good, played over 50h in only a few days. It may look boring but I have yet to meet somone that dislikes this game after playing it. My one complaint is the boring endgame. don't get me wrong, there is plenty of secrets to be found. But I really hope that a lot more endgame stuff gets added. Even so I have enjoyed 80h of this game so definetly more then worth the money."
76561198232492416,Recommended,413150,22370891,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mena,I close my eyes and I only see crops.
76561198104295733,Recommended,413150,21974387,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tipsyai,this game is crack..holy hell..i never played harvest moon but sweet jesus this game is just..fff..best 15$ i spent <3
,Recommended,413150,22400014,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Sharky,This game is really good This i the best purchase ive ever made I really recommend it for harvest moon fans
,Recommended,413150,21723948,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jojomo,"This game - is one of the best games I have ever played.  Because it was modeled off - one of the best games I have ever played.  I'm not sure if I am even scratching the surface, and I've been playing it for at least twenty hours.  That's just how good it is."
,Recommended,413150,21510076,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ginny,i still cant name my farm. 10/10
76561198216999912,Recommended,413150,22197668,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Melaniecreeper,It is a fun and addicting game that many people will love and enjoy!
,Recommended,413150,22093654,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Stylez,10/10 the hype delivers.
,Recommended,413150,22231967,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,PerfectlyCromulent,"Simply put, Stardew Valley will probably end up being the Indie Game of the Year, and it's only April."
76561198116897864,Recommended,413150,22232282,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,nerdinpink,"This game is so fantastic. I haven't been this addicted to a game since I was 12 playing The Sims. My only problem, tiny little problem, is that the female marriage candidates are much more interesting than the male marriage candidates. Other than that it is fantastic!"
76561197994039596,Recommended,413150,22231364,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,genicoo,"Awesome game which reminds you that graphics and effects are not what is truly important. Would definately recommend to anyone, casuals and veterans alike."
76561198069518538,Recommended,413150,22205897,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,fucc my biscuit (minty),"This game actually seems to borrow both from Rune Factory and Harvest Moon in the sense that it is a Farming RPG to be certain, but it also has part of an action RPG thrown in, and to get a whole look into the game, you must have both. Stardew Valley is to me even more enchanting than the Harvest Moon series or Rune Factory (and I LOVE every harvest moon game I have ever picked up.) It improves in very subtle and not so subtle ways, and in all honestly feels like you really have to sit down and just relax. Going and trying to speed through this game will get you nowhere fast. It IS a relaxing game (and it brings this across so well) so if you tend to want to get through games quickly, this is not for you.Most of the mechanics are very similar to a harvest moon game and slightly that rune factory aspect I mentioned earlier. However there's one mechanic that's technically a spoiler that's very neat in concept, you learn about on the first weekwhere you collect things in bundles for rewards.It requires you to really get into every part of the game, but i find it very rewarding.One of the biggest parts is the villagers. To compare, both the harvest moon series and the rune factory series do have villages youre thrown into, people you can marry, stories to discover, etc. However I feel as though Stardew has given their characters a lot of depth compared to anything I've seen with this genre. I feel like the character development you see with most characters is very, very refreshing. The one thing I also noticed is that even though it is set in a rural place, it is modern so there is less of a disconnect between the player and the characters. So you actually really want to do things for these villagers and the town and get them to like you... even if you can only give a villager two presents in one week. (If I'm being honest, my favorite non playable character so far for story is Lewis.When I clicked the wrong option both my friend and I were sad to see Lewis had no actual crying portrait, though.But try it out, Lewis is... very interesting.)One thing though that might be a bit of a bother is trying to find a specific villager sometimes. Quite a few of them seem to have spontaneous schedules making the search for them difficult, especially if trying to get a special present to woo a specific villager. However most likely you'll find other villagers to chat with and maybe even give presents to (hint hint about 25% of the achivements are based off of affection from the village) so even if you don't find who you're looking for, it's almost never an entire waste and seems to enforce that... hey there friend you might need to slow down.... (also you can go look for where they normally are at designated times on the internet, but even then its not always accurate.)Besides that there are secrets to discover, things to collect and overall its an amazing game!!! I was really surprised finding out that one person made all this possible. It really seemed like a team did this with as much as there is in it. Concernedape, you did a fantastic job. Props to you, I'm addicted."
,Recommended,413150,22171098,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ellie Tea,This game ruined my life.
76561198005799505,Recommended,413150,21820961,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,potato,If Harvest Moon and Rune Factory made a baby it would be called Stardew Valley.
76561197974457388,Recommended,413150,22149230,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lucien,"Last night I went to the store and they were selling spring-related♥♥♥♥♥♥and I was like:""But it's fall!"""
76561198104185870,Recommended,413150,22135667,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,JoyelleDino,love
,Recommended,413150,21675146,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,diablo10001,"To start off with, I see this game very very similar to Harvest moon in some if its features so I based some of my opinion on that.  This game is pratically Harvest Moon in a retro pixel aspect made entirely for the PC.  As I grew up I always enjoyed playing my harvest moon for the nintendo gamecube, however I had some issues with what to do and who to speak to during the first and second year.  This was a big problem because most of the events that were involved with other NPCs were limited to those years so they couldn't happen again.  Stardew Valley not only takes all the good features of Harvest moon but also fixes these issues that they had a made them better.  As a game that currently costs 15 dollars I believe it is worth the price because I've spent a good 24 hours already in it and I still haven't gotten bored.Pros:- Well Writen Dialogue- Soon To Be Co-op- Amazing SoundTrack- Beginner FriendlyCons/Issues:- Smaller Resolutions Can Cause Issues (Will be fixed in a later build)- Other Small Bugs- Can Be Addicting"
76561198272070399,Recommended,413150,30739603,Posted: 25 March,all,diplomatprimate,"A fun game where you can live your life how you want. Whether you are farming, fishing, or mining for rocks, you will have a way to feel happy in your choices of this game."
76561198059901088,Recommended,413150,21506784,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,adeemin,"Amazing. Words can't even describe how great this turned out.This game really does have it all; is the game built for any player. You could be a farmer, or a rancher, or a forester, or a tiller, or a fisherman, or a miner, or an adventuer, or a forquer, or a treasure hunter to name a few. As you progress there will be objects to unlock and craft to allow you to use less energy and use the day more efficiently. It has seasons and events like any other Harvest Moon type farming simulator. But if seasons aren't your thing when it comes to planting crops you could always unlock a greenhouse. Everything from the ground up is buildable concerning your farm, just like in HM you clear the ground for crops or farm buildings. There is also a large collection of animals; not just the typical chicken, cow and sheep farm.The dungeons are huge with well over 100+ levels there's literally no end if you want to only stick to one or two jobs, the game does allow for that.The audio tracks are well done and I they seem flow smoothly through each scenes which is what you want in this genre.You have the chance to woo who you want out of the select 10 bachelor and bachelorettes with another 18 people to socialize with.Townsfolk are fairly typical and what you would expect in moving to a new home. Cold and distant at first until you talk to them and buy or make them gifts. There are more than enough people to talk to and it'll take a long while to build enough hearts to be their friend so just like in real life don't expect immediate friendship.Barone is a true visionary. One could learn from his methods."
76561198220220952,Recommended,413150,28131672,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,happymatinski,"Amazing game! Would reccomend it to anyone, no matter what type of games of you like. It's so much more than just a farming simulation/role play game. There's strategy, combat, and even emotion. The graphics are cute and unique. The music is beatiful and calming. It's insanely addictive. I bought it a couple months ago and have already played 5 full days worth, 40 hours in like my first week playing. Just get the game, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,413150,23999286,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Aedriel,"This game... oh boy, I have a lot to say about this game.First off, I love everything about Stardew Valley! I love the townspeople, the farming, the foraging, the mining, and so much more. I even love doing the manual labour, such as chopping down trees and breaking stones. I especially enjoy the different and individual personalities of all of the townspeople.I would definitely reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys games like Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing."
,Recommended,413150,28141774,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,NinjaPlease,"An amazingly underrated game, and that includes the good reviews it gets. Another example of why the gaming media is cancer. This game is not getting the attention it deserves. Solidly done, constant support and reliable patching. Dev should be commended. This is how you make a game, and how you ensure it is of quality. Substance over flashy graphics. Ubisoft and others could learn from this as an example of how to make your games. I highly reccomend this game, and at $15 normally, you're getting a solid deal. Runefactory 1-3 on the DS has nothing on this title, maybe quantity of waifus, lmao."
,Recommended,413150,21556388,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ovi,Excellent game so far. Would buy again.
76561198314990412,Recommended,413150,26102959,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,marescha.muys,"I've had it for three days, haven't regretted a single second of my purchase. Quality work, wonderfully done, lots to see...My only regret is that you can't see where a villager is on the map, and that (so far) I haven't encountered any competitive festivals yet. But if you loved Harvest Moon/ Story of Seasons, there's a 99 percent chance you're going to love this too."
,Recommended,413150,23832004,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rainy Turtle,"I 100% reccomend this game. It was the most relaxing, yet satisfying and time sucking game ive played in years. I was playing the competgitive games a whole lot, like 30-40 hours a week and was getting fed up with the communities and the games in general (CS:GO and DOTA2). I decided I needed to change that and go back to playing games that were fun and that I enjoyed rather than trying to raise a worthless number and get yelled at by trolls and people who take it way to seriously. This game. THIS ♥♥♥♥IN GAME was everything I hoped it could be. This is how Harvest moon felt when it was still awesome. This is its spiritual successor and it has succeded in every way.Please...PLEASE do yourself a favor and buy this game. You will NOT regret this."
,Recommended,413150,21487637,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,FluffinMuffin,"So far this game is great. I've waited a good three or four years for this, and man, it was worth it. If you've played Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town or before, this will take you back to Nostalgia Lane adding in some more current progression, which includes a casual crafting system. You can tell ConcernedApe put a lot of love into this game. Everything feels polished. The art, soundtrack, animations - everything feels great.Also, I'm loving theplayable arcade game in the tavernmore than I should."
76561198170073193,Recommended,413150,21630745,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rule 34,"This game. It is everything I think a game of this style should be and more. With the seemingly hundreds of things to do every day, you are never bored, you can marry ANY single person there regardless of gender, and a bunch of otehr things, this game is ADDICTING"
,Recommended,413150,24705897,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kaptin Kittunz ッ,It's like if cocaine was made of pixels and had a gorgeous soundtrack while you snorted it
76561198082478516,Recommended,413150,23142890,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,T-Rex,"Don't think about it, just buy this game."
76561198026587262,Recommended,413150,27027333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grandpa Rick,This game was everything i was looking for in an indie game. The amount of replayability is ALOT. Strong stories behind characters and the amount of customizations are alot too.
,Recommended,413150,25789535,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Linnet,I usually play this game whenever I need a relaxing mood boost and It has helped me through many times I've been really down and such. Fantastic farm/economy system. Fantastic social system. Fantastic game.
76561198077187641,Recommended,413150,26102767,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TallWheat,"This game is amazing, 10/10!If you enjoy planning and orderliness, this is the game for you. Watching your farm develop, seeing your animals grow, and amassing your agricultural fortune all bring a sense of satisfaction and a feeling of a job well done. I find myself playing for hours at a time, but it never feels like a grind.Stardew Valley is also very calm and positive - played through a full cycle of seasons and didn't have a single negative interaction with any person or creature. Sure my chickens got a little grumpy when I forgot to feed them, but even that was no big deal and even kind of cute to see the grumpy speech bubbles.The sound effects in the game are very charming and silly, and the soundtrack is one of the most relaxing video game scores I've ever heard.The replayability seems like it would be solid as well. Trying to beat your previous score after 1, 2, or 3 years, starting on a different farm, romancing a different villager, so much to do! I'm already looking forward to starting again!Truly an incredible game, can't recommend enough!"
76561198242869510,Recommended,413150,26102957,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,NobleNinja94,Computer club material... ;3
,Recommended,413150,29242176,Posted: 14 January,all,ThisGuyAgain,Woah.
76561198090066746,Recommended,413150,23832359,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,madeline_burns,I lost myself in this game when I first got it and I'd be playing right now if I could! All the characters are great and I loved all the different activities you could choose to explore.
,Recommended,413150,21485926,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Radio Star,I've been waiting for this game for 3 years or so now.It was worth the wait.
76561198070474093,Recommended,413150,21892852,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TomNook420,good game good time
76561197971214132,Recommended,413150,21517687,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Quinnz,I'll just farm one more day then I'll goto bed
,Recommended,413150,21590610,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kali Archon,"Most of the negative reviews I have read have been about crashes. With nearly 40 hours on board, myself, I have NEVER had a crash. I've not run into any bugs. The only issue I've had is the game sometime seems to catch and stagger, like a little lag. But I love the game too much to give it a negative review over something silly like that.I have been waiting for this game ever since it was first announced. I have been waiting for a game like this for even longer. It isn't just a game similar to harvest moon. It's much more. It has everything that I've wanted in a game. Not separate games, but all in one. I've had so much fun since the moment I started up the game.I also read a negative review about a bad community, and it being against modding... well, I'm not sure what they're talking about. I've seen people already working on modding. Not recommending a game just because of its community, or fans, is absurd. You're reviewing the game, not the community.Also, people who complain about the graphics are annoying as well. This is the style the developer decided to go with. I personally think it's beautiful, and my boyfriend stared at me weird when I said so verbally when I first loaded it up. Maybe I'm just old. Maybe kids these days are spoiled rotten and can't appreciate the hard work and dedication it takes to do sprite work. They can't appreciate this style because ""OMG 3D Grafics R D only grafics N anything else sucks"".As for updating controls because the WSAD keys are supposedly outdated? I'm pretty sure most MMOs and other computer games use the WSAD keys.... it also has controller support... so... whatever, I guess.Overall, bug fixes have been coming out once, if not twice a day since the game released. When a bug is brought to Concerned Ape's attention, it seems to be fixed as soon as humanly possible. Instead of giving an unrecommended and bad review because of bugs, why don't you actually make yourself useful and report them? I've not had any bugs at all, so I don't know how people are having these issues. I highly recommend this game because I've been having fun ever since I first started it up, and I've not been able to bring myself away to play anything else."
76561198035855777,Recommended,413150,21606981,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,PandaSong,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons, Animal Crossing, and Rune Factory. There's just so much to do, so many NPCs to talk to (sometimes too many!), and time ends up flying as you play this game. ""Just one more day!"" has been keeping me up since this game came out."
76561198253339718,Recommended,413150,21582613,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,scoto21,"Great game! Best of it's kind on PC. If you like Harvest Moon don't hesitate to add Stardew to your library. A bit buggy, but developer is manic about squashing them, and will add new content so you're getting a lot for your $$$. Charming graphics, soothing music and a great fishing mechanic rounds off the package. Lots of depth to be found here .  Any game that has a giant amethyst geode for a decoration already has my vote :)Just a quick update now that I've delved into the game it's becoming one of my all time favs, little touches abound  ( like all the minigames in the fair and arcade ) the cool lightning effects, owls flying over my house at night etc, etc. Plus the sense of wonder and discovery are just magical. Shades of the old HM games and even shades of Zelda games ( the wonderful music and quaint delicious pixel art help) also rear their wonderful head. I don't want it to end, I just want to keep exploring and enjoying the townsfolk ( who truly have personality ) and atmosphere. And that is the sign of a Great game in my book.I do hope Ape keeps at it, because he's got something special here."
,Recommended,413150,21619926,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dr. Lecter,"normally i wouldnt play a game of this genre. ie harvest moon comparisons abound. At 15 dollars this is a very solid game. game is charming and addictive, balanced and has a ton to explore. highly recommended. franky, it does a lot better than the few harvest moon games i've tried."
76561197981992401,Recommended,413150,21599085,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,El Diablo,"Really nice Game.So lovely made. In my opinion: Its like Harvest Moon in an optimized and expanded way.There is a lot to do, a lot to explore.And its really fast patched, reported Bugs are patched some hours later.Best 14 Euro i*ve spendedJust love it :)11/10"
,Recommended,413150,21556944,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BlazeThatTieDye,I'M ADDICTED!I NEED TO GO TO BED BUT MY FARM IS MORE IMPORTANTI'M TOO ADDICTED!
76561198020489169,Recommended,413150,21527691,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,El Duffo,"This game is just awesome.If you like Harvest Moon or  Rune Factory or are simply looking for a beautiful game (created by only a single person who obviously put all his sweat and heart into it), this is surely THE game for you. It´s got very nice atmosphere, LOTS and LOTS of stuff to do, monsters to slay or treasures to find etc.You can get drunk, try to catch a squirrel with a fishing rod (which appears to be quite difficult) or even shoot explosives with a slingshot at poor cats or townspeople to wreak havoc upon the earth. Next im going to try fishing with explosives :D10/10 could squash squirrels all the time"
76561198118218469,Recommended,413150,21633717,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,jklrqpo,"If you like Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing, don't even think about buying it. In the wise words of Shia Le Bouf, ""JUST DO IT"" Seriously, this game is amazing.Stayed up past 2 A.M. and the boogyman stole my sh*t 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21491894,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Qwerty,"If you love Harvest Moon, specially the snes version, you will absolutely love this one 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21530772,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Serene Doge Rutherford B. Hayes,"This game is probably as good as it gets for capturing the nostalgic spirit of the original Harvest Moon games.I'm not going to re-hash everything that all the other, more thoroughly written, reviews have said, but this game is the epitome of casual farming simulator with some added social aspects thrown in.  It presents enough of a challenge to remain in engaging by having several tiers of items/buildings that you can work towards, social lives you can work towards, some semblence of a story but it is definitely not the focus of the game, and then some light combat for when you feel like adventuring.I can't imagine what else someone would want in this style of game."
,Recommended,413150,21516806,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,PieWizard,Hands down one the best games I have ever played. The atmosphere and the gameplay tie together to bring forth truly amazing experience. Do yourself a favor and buy this game that is worth far more than its price.
76561197987915331,Recommended,413150,21493637,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dominick,This game keeps to the old school N64 roots. I'm nostalgic because I am reminded of my childhood. They took a classic game and expanded on it to bring it to todays standards. I love this game and the team did a wonderful job.
,Recommended,413150,21532596,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kenamo,"Normally I find these games boring, this is a labor of love though and it shows that. It might be a bit difficult balancing time but it's there so you focus on other stuff and so crops don't take 5 hours to mature irl. I recommend this game to anyone who likes wellmade games with good progression. Also the art style is wonderfully aesthetic."
,Recommended,413150,21515220,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,𝓦𝓲𝓵𝓫𝓮𝓻𝓽 𝓜𝓲𝓭𝓷𝓲𝓰𝓱𝓽,"This gameplay is essentially the Harvest Moon game we've always wanted, with more.If you sit down to play this game, you might want to cancel your plans for the day."
,Recommended,413150,21529181,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kyugetsuki,"I ain't no good reviewer, but hell heres my thoughts.If you liked the original Harvest Moon on Gameboy Advance, then there's nothing else that needs to be said. You should definitely get it.If you've never played Harvest Moon, but also enjoy games that have agriculture/crafting like minecraft/terraria, you should also pick this up.If you've never played any of those games mentioned above, but would like to do something chill then pick this up.There was something that I read from another review that I feel the need to address. This game is all about the progression and less about the end. It's all about climbing the stairs and not about whats at the top of the stairs because it ends there. It's a chill game so take your time. Some people think the end game is the most fun part. Some people think reaching the end game is the most fun part. I disagree with the prior. Why? Everyday are you thinking, ""Oh boy I can't wait to retire"". Probably not. What? You want a better reason? Did you not understand what I meant? I mean there are more things to do when you're young then when you're retired. That in it self is enough.TL:DRPros:-chill-good soundtrack-villagers are half information dispensaries, half real people(you can learn about them by talking with them)-a wide variety of types of people-lots of ways to earn income-each way you earn income grants you experience-events & festivities are enjoyable-its like what? $17.Cons:-Running is a bit slow(im kind of impatient)-some of the foraging things don't respawn for the whole season and you need to wait a whole year"
76561197993359364,Recommended,413150,21515357,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SuperBunnyBun,"Hours Since Release: 31 HoursCurrent play-time: 21 Hours....I'd say it's okay.  But not addicting at all, no. (I had to be told by friends to stop playing because I already went one day without eating)If you ever liked the SNES version of Harvest Moon, hit that Buy button"
,Recommended,413150,21499788,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Moose Of Doom!!!,comfy
76561198093532672,Recommended,413150,21527563,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,tommygun999,"Thanks to author, I am now living in a virtual farm, speaking with 2D characters and waiting for a friday night to go to Pelican Town's Saloon.Yes, I'm hooked. And I can't understand why, since I hate pixelart. The game is soooo addictive!Recommended. If you don't have any serious tasks ahead."
76561197992275599,Recommended,413150,21611151,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Iron Pentacarbonyl,"I never thought I'd find myself saying this about a spiritual descendent of Harvest Moon, but. Stardew Valley is absolutely fantastic and a joy to play. It's gorgeous, mechanically interesting delivers on the same mellow, nostalgic escapism as its spiritual predecessors with an attention to detail none of them had. You will not do better for a small town agrarian slice-of-life sim. Most engaged I've been in a game all year. I-don't-even-like-this-kind-of-game-but-holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's-great/10"
,Recommended,413150,24626967,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Abby,"Stardew Valley really stands out and is very well balanced. I wish all games were made with this amount of passion! Brilliant and beautiful with loads of fun content includng crafting, mining, decorating, crop and animal farming, changing seasons, combat, collecting, exploring, fishing, cooking, and building relationships. Visually amazing pixel art with funny and touching cut scenes and stories. There's so much to love!"
,Recommended,413150,21990108,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Nguagemaster,"If you enjoy games like Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon this is like that but for pc so you'll probably love it. I find the game pretty relaxing to play, the gameplay loop and the music is pretty chill and its so satisfying to get all that money when the big harvest comes in!"
,Recommended,413150,25014816,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Spikelite,"Great game with a very high amount of enjoyable playtime. If you like this sort of game, you will like this one."
,Recommended,413150,26315696,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SilentLilac,"The new update has just made this game so so so much better! It's so much fun, and the ease of play just makes it cathartic and enjoyable. Many hours are spent just simply playing for the fun of it. The addition of the new maps makes it a whole new game, and the rest of the changes make it even better. Highly recommend for hours and hours and hours of farming fun!"
76561198066746688,Recommended,413150,21541262,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Brandar_LXXVII,I've had this game for two days now and I already have nineteen hours in it. Somebody send help.... maybe after this next day though.
76561198048276979,Recommended,413150,21871169,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Moose123,Very fun if you like harvest moon!
76561198117934900,Recommended,413150,25780780,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,WarsenJ,"At first when I bought myself this game... I was kinda  bored of it and left it for  a while. My sister began to play it, became addicted to it, married someone. and had more than  $400,000 of in-game cash.So only about a month ago did I start playing it, and it was actually really fun! I havent passed summer yet, but I do have high hopes for the game."
76561198143042158,Recommended,413150,22208721,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Brett_20,I have no idea why I like this game. But I love it
,Recommended,413150,21700911,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,LzyRob,"Simply put, this is an amazing game.  I see myself putting more hours in to this than most AAA games, and at a fraction of the price. Good job Dev"
,Recommended,413150,28930994,Posted: 1 January,all,notbobhtebuilder,"I got it 6 days ago and as of this point i've sunk in 95 hours into it. OOPS. I'm a giant sucker for harvest moon esque games, and this is a wonderful example of that format.Here comes a pros and cons list.Pros;+You can marry whoever you want, regardless of your gender; and you can still have kids either way which is fricking GR8+The game is realistic in many aspects such as real life issues like substance abuse (ex. Shane's depression [leading him to be an alcoholic], Sebastian's smoking habit, Ken's PTSD etc etc) (This aspect of the game is honestly fascinating)+You can literally do what you want to earn your own money. Want to farm crops? Go ahead dude. Want to fish? Sure thang. Want to take care of animals and live off of produce? That's actually viable. Want to go mining forever? Minerals go for a lot of money. You can mix and match any of these methods which adds another layer of complexity to this game. ITS SO GOOD.+Cutscenes for NPC's that only trigger at certain places at certain hours, which shows you more about that NPC+Rummage through people's trash, theres good food in there trust me (just make sure no one's around)+Diverse NPC's (George told me that two men marrying each other are unnatural, when I married his grandson)+The minigame in the bar is also fricking ADDICTING+gud pixel art. the art for the foods in the game kinda makes me hungry sometimes.Cons;-The slingshot controls are so unsatisfying and get so wonky, I sat for an hour straight playing the slingshot minigame in order to get enough points for a starfruit in the carnival-Cant access options during a cutscene )^:-The horse just looks a little too tiny to be a horse maaan, like it looks just a little bit larger than the dog sprite-The horse cant veritcally travel through a vertical 1-tile path (I've fallen unconscious several times trying to make it back to my house before 2 am because this costed me a good 20 minutes trying and dismounting and running for it)-The cutscenes sometimes are too specific with its time and place, I ended up having to look up when and where cutscenes happen with characters im interested in-They dont tell you what upgrades do to the tools directly when upgrading them, u gotta look it up or just upgrade and use it yourselfOverall, this game is really good. Like. REALLY good. The only bad things I can say about this game are the nitpicky technical bits. But the game itself is amazing. Definitely would recommend if you're a big fan of harvest moon type games. This does that 3 times better. 9.8/10"
,Recommended,413150,22975343,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,>w<,"After buying and playing the game for quite a while, I can truly say that this brings back fond memories of me playing Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town on my gameboy advanced. I don't anything can replace that game for me, BUT this game is close to it and has its own flavours that make it very good.I recommend buying this at full price to support the creator. I also thank the guy for making this wonderful masterpiece."
,Recommended,413150,28066426,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mac Tonight,Best indie release 2016.
,Recommended,413150,29170740,Posted: 10 January,all,silentstephi,"I love this game. I always wanted to play Harvest Moon or just some fun little farming sim and this game scratched that itch perfectly.The characters are fun, if a bit tropish, but I love it anyway.A+ game"
,Recommended,413150,29569200,Posted: 29 January,all,Lil'Ghouly,"This has to be one of the most calm and relaxing games I have ever played. It can be a little infurriating at times (like dying in the mines right next to the stairs, or learning how to fish lol). I honestly didn't understand the hype about this game until it sucked me in for hours and hours. If you like relaxing gmes, farming, Harvet Moon-esque games, this one is for you. There is so much replayablility too!"
76561198040454687,Recommended,413150,22133791,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lotus,"I don't have much time to play games anymore. However, I always find time out of my day to play Stardew Valley. One of the most addicting games I have ever played. After a long day, this is the perfect game to unwind to!"
,Recommended,413150,21658093,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Meme 21,This is how i fail my semester10/10 totally worth it
,Recommended,413150,21658772,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Fezhoof,"Hello ladies and gentelmen! Could I interest you in a time machine? I could? Well then you should buy Stardew Valley!With the latest time speedup technology, you can travel from 8 in the morning  to 8 o'clock in the afternoon with what will only feel like 5 minutes!It's very simple to use!Just install it on to your Steam client and start playing!Be sure to buy this one of a kind piece of technology as soon as possible, you're not going to want to miss out!"
,Recommended,413150,21634456,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,nick,"I'm not sure where to start. Basically this is a casual/relaxing RPG where you can mine, farm, fish, and explore. There's a lot of content and a lot to do each day. The game trades off the relaxing play style with some challenging content depending on the player and some negative side effects to certain things. I'd say it's fairly well balanced. The downside is the people of the town aren't super interesting to interact with but the gameplay itself is fun and what keeps you going onward.I haven't really had any complaints, I guess a manual save anywhere at anytime would be nice but that may be implemented in the future. Co-op is also planned for the future. Moving forward the game features a long 2 hour soundtrack of custom music just for the game and it's really nice.. maybe you'll pick up the soundtrack too! The developer seems passionate about the product he'd made and I can expect future support for this game. The community on the forum is nice and this game is a great break from more stressfull or competitive games. But don't get too relaxed or you might find yourself in trouble in the mines!Come try it out.. you've got nothing to lose... (literally! with steam refunds you have nothing to lose)."
,Recommended,413150,21746784,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Satekh,"I'm not good at reviews. But I love this game, so just wanted to recommend it."
76561198128704699,Recommended,413150,29613779,Posted: 31 January,all,Kev,One of the greatest RPGs  i've played to date - and to think it was made by just one person - incredible!
76561198108271509,Recommended,413150,22275303,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[RnB] Veggpryd,"This is such a relaxing game, I just love it!Makes me so peaceful, content and calm."
76561198175319087,Recommended,413150,27502130,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kakarot,"I have to say, i wasnt sure if this game good or not until i bought it. and i have to say. IT'S WORTH IT!"
,Recommended,413150,22275198,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,dazza1008,Put the soundtrack on and tidied my room. Recommended.
76561198025472290,Recommended,413150,21670195,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kenneth Toilethole,"I've never played Harvest Moon, but this game is glorious. I've played it for 27 hours and I'm only now finishing my first year. There's so much depth and joy in the world, and everything works beautifully. (Notable exceptions are a weird bug with the hay, and a fishing mini-game that isn't great, but gets easier with time.)+ Nice music (although not enough of it)+ Smooth animations+ Deep, deep world+ Lots of stuff to grow and craft and cook and find+ Cute story+ Interesting NPCs+ Fast-travel opens up after a while+ Super variety of things to do+ Did I mention the very deep world?- Fishing mini-gameThat's really the only negative I can think of. I'm loving this game so much, I bought it for two of my friends. The only other game I've done that with is Rust.Enormous thumbs up!"
,Recommended,413150,28142388,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BoxOfFaces,"To start of this reveiw, I've never played Harvest Moon, so have zero nostalgia going into this game.That being said, I LOVE this game.This game is a delightful sandbox in which you get to make your own little farm, complete with plants, animals, trees, and plenty more. In addition to this, there's a town full of people to interact with, befriend and maybe even marry. It's much like Animal Crossing in that regard. But unlike Animal Crossing (and Farmville, for that matter), this game runs on an in-game clock, not in real time. This makes me incredibely happy. It's not a ruitine to get trapped by, but instead a relaxing escape that you can spend as much or as little time in as you like, at any time that you like. The number of things to do in this game is HUGE and will rarely leave you bored. I put 90 hours into the game before feeling like I had acheived everything I wanted to. If you're looking for a relaxing sandbox-ish farming game that feels like Harvest Moon mixed with Animal Crossing, this game is for you."
76561198035177640,Recommended,413150,21670923,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Mountain Who Gardens,"I'm a gardener in real life in my spare time and I really didn't think this game would captivate me the way it does.  Its incredibly simple and relaxing and the lack of pressure its a great change of pace from other games I play.  I highly recommend this, even for those who haven't played a game like it before.Now I spend my time working, gardening, and now attending my garden on Stardew.The circle is complete.Definitely worth the money+ and hope to see the developer make more :)10/10"
76561198078438617,Recommended,413150,29131689,Posted: 8 January,all,Chudly63,A game made by 1 person that provides more hours of entertainment than this year's AAA games.
,Recommended,413150,27122952,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,// Corvoo //,"Amazing, something I keep coming back to no matter what."
,Recommended,413150,22019326,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Fanaliys,"15/10 SUPER RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!!!!cut woods, destroy rocks, plow fields, grow crops, water crops, harvest crops, fishing, foraging, fighting monster, befriend villager, flirt with girls, marry the girls, have kids......what else do you need? This is the PC version of Harvest Moon. A super fun game to play in your free time.Great developer. Great art. Great Story.Would always play it. Buy you it and you will never regret it."
,Recommended,413150,27334241,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,khallizzy,"Once this game hooks you, it doesn't let go!"
76561198025876322,Recommended,413150,30104031,Posted: 22 February,all,Hogen_,"I definitely recommend it. It's fun, even if you're not generally interested in farming, like me. You can farm, have animals, socialize, build, explore, fight and more, so there's enough to do. It's obviously similar to Harvest Moon or Rune Factory, but I personally prefer Stardew Valley over those.Besides all that, I specifically enjoy that there is no time limit (only on some requests which aren't important or necessary to complete) and that you have freedom to do what you want."
76561198026398393,Recommended,413150,24578766,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SilverWolf,"Fantastic game that will have you hooked for hours. Don't be fooled by the old school graphics, the gameplay is top notch."
,Recommended,413150,21584829,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sporkninja,"This game is amazingly fun. You will sit down and start playing and come back into the real world with a full beard and blurry eyed days later. This game is a mix of Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, and Rune Factory which has been said in almost all the reviews, but the major difference is the amount of depth that is here. In animal crossing and harvest moon everyone is in a permanent state of bliss and joy... In Stardew valley the people feel real and have problems. As an example you will find the town homeless guy digging in the trash and talking about no one talks to him, or you will walk in on a girl fighting with her ex-boyfriend over the phone about moving to the country and leaving him. There is a sense of despair but also beauty and community in the game. This is a great buy and you should grab it even if you have never played this kind of game before.10/10 Would let the town drunk drive me into the dessert again."
,Recommended,413150,26844636,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Unrealmanner-The Crestfallen,This is a really good and relaxing game that just makes you wanna continue for 5 more minutes.
76561198048631507,Recommended,413150,27564784,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ben,"I have 150 hours in the game and i still find it interesting. I can spend every night playing this because there's stil so much to do, this game is worth every penny and then some. Buy this game and support the developer!"
76561198118235404,Recommended,413150,22625400,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,altruisticCaesar,Spent the first year cleaning and expanding my farmland.  I have no friends still. 10/10 so realistic.Dev is also supportive and open to the buyers opinions 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21739781,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,shadowlulz,"For anyone who has been wanting a more affordable version of Harvest Moon or Rune Factory without having to go to an emulator for it, or having to pay up for a price hefty Wii, or other Nintendo required consoles, and games. Stardew Valley is what Nintendo, and Natsume, have failed to create to satiate the PC gaming market in favor of marketing games exclusively to the Wii, and Wii U. Their loss! I whole heartedly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,413150,21831652,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,KoreyCabra,"I will admit, at first I did pirate this game. But I can safely say after a few hours I was hooked and I regretted doing so. This game has so much love and care put into it, it is almost impossible to go away unhappy unless you are not a fan of farming/community simulators. If you have played titles like Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing, perhaps even Terraria and Starbound-- this game will be a winner for you and is most definitely worth the price and the developer is always updating and fixing any issues.There may be a slight negative to the content, it's not really anything unique or different compared to what I have seen from the aforementioned series..but I choose to think of it as an homage and is very true to the genre as a whole. You are not just farming, fishing, taking care of animals, helping the community..but you are also doing some dungeoneering and forming relationships. It's very much an all-inclusive sandbox and I am very happy I am able to purchase it through Steam and share the love.-------UPDATE: At about 50~ hours..I'm pretty much maxxed out on everything. Game is great but it plateaus quickly with difficulty and profit. Would still recommend this game though, but there really is nothing else to do on my end and I'm on my second year."
,Recommended,413150,24273261,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,TwoFoxSix,Its like a PC version of Harvest Moon!
76561198138900933,Recommended,413150,21756014,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Cammyy,Just Amazing 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21687474,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,BlueKiwi,"Loaded with content and hours of gamplay Stardew Valley is an amazing flash back experience to when games were ""good"" as some people might say. It feels like the dev's at ConcernedApe really put alot of work into this. I really dont know if alot of people grew up with Harvest Moon, but Stardew Valley feels like it takes so much inspiration from it. I loved Harvest M as a kid and im sure alot of other people have too and they would love this game. Even if you've never touched a single game in Harvest M's series you would still enjoy this alot. It's relaxing, has a decent story to it, and most importantly it's really fun. Just pick up a copy and try it out. If you dont like it and its not your style then just get a refund. Simple as that, I see no reason for any negative feedback."
,Recommended,413150,22349348,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Liam 🍋,"The single best game I've played in the last 5 years.I don't care if you're reading this in 2016 when this was posted or in 2026, I don't care if you're looking at the game at full price or during a Steam Sale - So long as the pixelated style doesn't go out of fashion in some spectacular way, this game will remain incredible.Read other reviews to see what it's about, read mine to get the overall opinion: Yes. Get the game. I envy those of you who haven't played it yet. I want to experience it again."
76561198080143615,Recommended,413150,26058220,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,dicelemontea,It's a masterpiece. Looking forwardfor coop mode. <3
,Recommended,413150,23875165,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kish,Highly addicting and quite nostalgic.  Reminds me of the old days of playing my GameBoy in the car while hopping from errand to errand with my mom playing Harvest Moon.
,Recommended,413150,23876194,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ryuki,Flashback game..I love walkthrough like this game..Harvest Moon <3
76561198200682914,Recommended,413150,22801784,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,blairauto,I liked it
76561198042205121,Recommended,413150,23967497,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Your loyal vassal,it's like skyrim with farming equipment
,Recommended,413150,22875550,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Perpetual_Link,"I started the game thinking it wasn't going to be too special, but instead as a game to unwind and play. Instead it turned into a game I really felt connected with literally right from the beginning! It starts out simple with you having too much of urban life and going to try to work up your farm, but as you progress and meet the townfolk your options of things to do broadens. At first I didn't think I would care for the towns people besides trying to find which girl I wanted to marry XD. While that may seem childish or stupid (and you're right for thinking that) my viewpoint changed while I played. I stopped caring about which character I liked the best, and tried to see whats unique about them. It gave a depth that I haven't felt in a game before. Never played a harvest moon game, so I can't relate to those comments, but it really showed how the characters felt more than just npcs. Overall it's a realy relaxing game with a lot to do."
76561198037199400,Recommended,413150,30181016,Posted: 25 February,all,McFlargon,You know that childhood dream of becoming a mayonnaise farmer? Neither do I but I love it.
,Recommended,413150,24820874,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ajay Herrington,"I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time. I played harvest moon a long time ago, and so did my sister. I've been looking for a game like it for years for her and now it's here. This game is amazing but it's what you expect, you farm, mine, fish, if you like that kind of stuff then this is for you but it does get tedious. Overall it's very fun for me and my sister, modding community is great too."
,Recommended,413150,26921168,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Humnbrd,So calm and relaxing game.
,Recommended,413150,22172131,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,yung god☀,I love this game so muich but could it possible that it could be played on mac with out downloading window I really cant carry around my pc to play anyway this game is for sure worth buying
,Recommended,413150,23980947,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[SFW]Matrovska,"Thanks Stardew Valley, I can play my childood game again ;(I'm happy this game support controller make easier and fun to play.For you guys who ever played Harvest Moon, buy this game ! very recommended"
,Recommended,413150,26226181,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,UnderTheRubble,"This game is amazing. It follows you, a farmer put in a town with unique people and places. The gameplay is perfect for people who like farming simulators. Graphics are amazing with the great pixel art. Music is very immersive. There is so much content I till haven't finished the game and I've played it for more than a day (and thats nothing).Gameplay:9.5/10Graphics:9/10Sound/Music:8.5/10Content:10/10Overall: 37/40"
,Recommended,413150,21885072,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,King AwowLuigi,"Stardew Valley is a hybrid of Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing, but brings a lot more to the table!Pros+ Lots of ways to play - You can be a farmer, adventurer, miner, angler, or a scavenger. Although farming and fishing is your one true way to acquire income quickly, you can still profit from the other three ways to play.+ Lots of hidden areas. I feel that Stardew Valley rewards you for exploring. Which is good. You get a sense of accomplishment. It's nice how you become questioning on what exactly is in this cave, or behind that log. Through your discovery and wondrous eyes you are rewarded, whether that be a resource, or a new location.+ A social environment - Stardew Valley has over 24 NPCs to talk to (24 I have encountered as of right now, there are bound to be more.) The town feels lively as the NPCs are walking around, or interacting with each other, or the environment. Every NPC can be talked to, given gifts to (which helps establish friendship) and each is unique with their own personality. Every dialogue is not that repetitive since as your friendship increases, new dialogue is said to you.+ Your farm is limited by your imagination - You have a very spacious farm. Your design of the farm is limited by what you want to be put into place. Do you prefer a self-sufficient, sustainable farm with lots of sprinklers to water your plants? Do you prefer an aesthetic farm where looks are everything, yet still brings in a profit? Or is farming not your thing entirely?! Then become a rancher. Raise cattle, ducks, chickens, and goats, and even a dinosaur! The possibilities of a farm life as well as design for your farm is limited by your imagination.+ You are part of the community - To me, I feel like being a new resident in the town, it's hard to get acquainted. With the amount of festivals there are per season (2) you can quickly feel as if you part of the community. You come together as one and celebrate together as a whole. Not only this, but you can learn exactly who everyone is, as well as what type of person they are.+ Marriage - You can marry either gender, which is nice. Be aware there are 5 different options for each gender.+ Crafting system - Very straight forward, easy to understand. Very descriptive of what the item does.+ You have an impact - Do you wish to save or destroy your town? Support the big business, or do you want to support the little guys who get pushed around by corporations?+ Each year brings new things - This can range from new residents, to new crops that you can grow. Also with the way that the game is built, you will not be able to unlock some areas since it requires you to go through a full year in the game. That's good, since once spring arrives, you'll have more content to explore.+ You’re self-sufficient – You are a jack of all trades. You can buy certain items from a store, but you will not advance very far without advancing into the mines, or exploring around your community to see what there is to gather. I feel that being an independent in a game is rewarding. And Stardew Valley does this well tremendously.+ Residents Age - It adds a nice touch of immersion+ It's immersive - Need I say more?Cons- Combat: It's simplistic. Which is fine, but you can easily tank out the monster hits by cornering them, and barraging them with your swing of your sword, resulting in them being cornered and not being able to attack you.- Repetition: Some tasks can become repetitive such as finishing. You already know the pattern of the 'Salmon' fish so you can easily trace where the line is going to go.- Your luck is against you: Whenever you need an item, guess what... you won’t get it. The game knows all! Word of advice save your things! Be a hoarder! Don't let the game know that you're looking for a specific item!!! (This is just a joke...)Final Verdict9.5/10Note:This review was made on March 17th, 2016. If you have an questions please ask. I will answer them to the best of my ability."
,Recommended,413150,24719365,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TheComicRelief,"Oh, mah, gawd. Play this game. For the base price of 15$, this game is absolutly exploding with content. The most hours I have in any game (On steam) is a little over 200 hours. Three days after buying Stardew I had pumped 41 hours into it. Even if it doesn't look like your style of game, there really is something for just about anyone here. No matter what you chose to do, the main goal is to f*** b**ches, and make money. Money is definitley your soul purpose for doing anything, and there are a few different ways to aquire said currency. And of course by b**ches I mean lovely townsfolk who all have cool, interesting, and sometimes relatable personalities and life goals. Marriage is an option and even though I personally don't care either way, to all those do, there are no gender (Gender, sex, identity, ♥♥♥♥ me I don't know) Boundaries. Which is an awesome feature and just adds even more for every person to enjoy playing the game however they see fit. Speaking of how you see fit, do you like skyrim? Who doesn't like skyrim?!? There are skills in this game which you increase over time through use of the skill in question. Every 5 levels in a skill and you may choose 1 of 2 perks. The perk you do end up chosing determins the next set of perks available at skill level 10 (Max Skill Level). Along side leveling your skills to become more proficient in those tasks, you are given tools, and there is gear improvment to reach MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE for your abilities. For example: Doing lots of fishing makes you better at catching fish and then you catch better fish and sell those fish and buy a better rod so you can do lots of fishing better. Neat. In conclusion, buy this game. It's 15$ and damn I'd pay 30. Did I mention this was made by one person? This was made by one person. And they deserve to be rich. Make it happen"
,Recommended,413150,21581776,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nateo,"Like harvest moon, but bigger and better. Dev is also super responsive.I'd write a longer review but everyone else has already said everything that needs to be said, this is just adding to the positive pile."
76561198130724909,Recommended,413150,24260606,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dr.Cabbage,I absolutely love this game. It is similar to that of harvest moon if you ever played it. You are a farmer that has quit slave working cubicles and go to seek relxaing farming. It is so addicting to go exploring but when watering plants you feel a progression and when they finally grow you feel a really satisfying feeling of making a boat load of money. Lastly quick tip make sure to save your wood because you'll need it for lots of buildings in the future. Good luck faming
76561198039477123,Recommended,413150,26007626,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Dooby Dooby Doooo,cheap. give it a try its better then you think
,Recommended,413150,26021077,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,WWWebGuru,"With 60 hours played, I can effectively say this is a great game if you like RPG/Sim style games. There are some minor bugs (Getting into be while holding something doesn't activate ""end of day"" action). Social interactions with NPC's are interesting but take some time to learn what everyone likes (Gift giving). My only complaint (one I hope will be improved upon) is eating to regain energy/health. It is very tedious. Select item, right-click yourself, confirm desire to eat, etc. When you're battling in the mines, this will cost you your life below lvl 80. Again, devs are working on this game so I would guess it will be improved upon. Good economy (takes time to develop money making activities, as it should). Love the watering system for crops although a harvester would be nice because it becomes tedious. The crafting system is good and there is enough depth to keep you searching for new items to create/use. Definitely well developed, especially once you get used to some of the quirky stuff (playing day to day, having to be home on time, etc.).NOTE: My biggest complaint and the one BIG fix that needs to come is the ""Death Penalty"". When you fight in the mines and die, there is a penalty for dying. This penalty is EXTREME!! I'm at Lvl 90 of the mine. Death cost me 9 levels that I have to redo, 1000 Gold and 6 items from my inventory. Now that doesn't sound too bad except it isn't 6 items...it's 6 Stacks of items. 2 deaths have cost me thousands of gold and I have to fight my way back down to where I died. It is simply too steep a penalty just for dying. It would be one thing if my stuff was in a box where I died and I had to fight to go get it. Hope they change this.Will continue to update review as I play..."
,Recommended,413150,26892705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tempusnet,"Stardew Valley is the greatest Harvest Moon game since Friends of Mineral Town. Crafting, Relationships, Exploration and Combat are all packed into it. My only hold back on currently playing it again is waiting for the update which adds multiplayer."
76561197961825178,Recommended,413150,21517590,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Statutory Ape,"Some guy got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥no one had made a better and newer version of Harvest Moon, so he made it himself. It's pretty sweet."
76561198055409726,Recommended,413150,25997335,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Enigma713,Excellent game with a great dev who is involved in the community and always looking to add and improve content. Highly reccomended.
,Recommended,413150,21678663,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Acidic,i am writing this review after finally gathering up the courage to exit to desktop after 32 straight hours....>First thoughts: After about 15 minutes i realized this game had a lot of similar aspects to harvest moon which i was extremelt excited aboutThis game slowly sucks you in more and more you dont notice it because it is so gradual...next thing u realize its 8 am. Then its ♥♥♥♥ing 6 pm and you can't recall what day it is anymore it took 32 hours straight of this game of me running on pure adrenaline before it even started feeling tedious.If you enjoy a soul sucking game that is going to take over your god damn life this is the game for youi tried to organize this but its hard when u forgot what sleep is bcuz u life has been taken over
76561197992357155,Recommended,413150,27019859,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vinny,Awesome Game!!
,Recommended,413150,28014432,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MarcusLikesPie,Stardew Valley takes you back to a simpler time. And boy is it worth it.
,Recommended,413150,28024868,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BenZeb,"This game is amazing, Everyone should try it out. It lets you manage your farm however you want to do it."
,Recommended,413150,24874799,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,AcmeOfSkill,This game is amazeballs. Wish I could kill my animals and make cheeseburgers though.
,Recommended,413150,26964902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Greed,it's good
76561197970559621,Recommended,413150,21486682,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Destructor,"A very calm and relaxing title, filled with so many things to do for days on end. A wonderful way to destress after a long day of Real Life."
76561198096585501,Recommended,413150,25991869,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,RiteToGoInsane,"I took a chance on this game because it showed up in my discovery queue and then went on sale during the summer steam sale and I dont regret it for a second. If you like games like animal crossing or harvest moon you'll love this game. If you've never tried either of those games but they sounded interesting , youll probably like this game. Just go buy it already this is one indie game you shouldnt miss."
,Recommended,413150,26001711,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Rose Collie,It's so good. I can't stop!
76561198043021064,Recommended,413150,24765415,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mikalamon,"I have been looking for a PC game equivalent to the Harvest Moon series for a long, long time and Stardew Valley is it! I love this game- I have unregretably spent hours clearing fields, battling slimes in the mine, and foraging like my life depended on it. This is a great game for anyone looking for a casual yet immersive farming simulator."
76561198128455474,Recommended,413150,24764403,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,FriendlyFireQueen,"I definitely recommend this game. It is a relaxing game to play, though it is a little repetitve after a while; I find that I enjoy it regardless. To me, its a cross between playing Sims 3 and Minecraft with all the fishing, mining and gardening you can do. Plus interacting with the villagers, doing quests and completing them for rewards reminds me of Skyrim; which is in no way a bad thing to me. Plus my son loves watching both my husband and myself play it. I do hope there is an update for this soon and they hopefully add in co-op multiplayer as well, as the possiblities are endless I think once the option has been given.Definitely worth the price I think."
,Recommended,413150,24765106,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,nerdyrocker713,"This game is a must have for anyone who likes Harvest Moon or Rune Factory!! Great mechanics, good story, and satisfying acheivements."
,Recommended,413150,27432004,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Satana,GOTY can't wait for online version. Though have no idea how to make online version just as addictive and interesting. It's been long time I played a video game this long.
,Recommended,413150,26851872,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Pendleton,"It's the time killer.It has manifested itself in Stardew Valley.There is more to discover than one could frame in a review.It's beautiful and it scratches not only the farming-game itch, it also scratches the itchesabout harmony and peaceful and relaxed gameplay.You can take all the time you want to do whatever you please with your farm.Which is probably one of the many reasons why you WILL sink a lot of time into Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,413150,28833723,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Chris_c987 UK,All the magic of Havest Moon with the satisfation of growing and cultivating your crops until the big day when you sell those gold star (before Update 1.1) crops and watch your bank account burst!
,Recommended,413150,24764642,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Nanotron Prime,"One of the best and most satisfying games to come around in a long while.  Stardew uses of some of the best video game elements spanning across the past 20 years.  It also conveys a good message about nature, friendship, empathy, compassion and selflessness.  Great characters, narrative and, most importantly, it is loads of fun to play."
76561198037090101,Recommended,413150,22259832,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Golem No.09,"I always wanted to become a prosecutor or a soldier... now i wanna have a farm, live on the land, plant crops and raise animals... i hate my life... over 9000 / 10You really will not regret buying this awesome game if you enjoy games like harvest moon or Terraria!!!"
,Recommended,413150,21720711,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Chef Domino,"Played 16 hours in one sitting, that's how good it is.9.5/10Would be a solid 10/10 if there was more endgame stuff to do, if the characters aged and the whole world changed as time passed, etc."
,Recommended,413150,21548077,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Monkeypunch,This is my favorite anti-anxiety drug.
,Recommended,413150,24763252,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Lost,"It is cut from the same cloth as Harvest Moon in all but name, and it's a very zen game. You can do pretty much whatever you want, focusing on fishing, foraging, mining, or all of the above with no unnecessary objectives to continue playing. It allows you to go at the pace most comfortable to you. The only time constraints in the game is related to seasonal events and randomly generated quests that villagers will send you.The major downside right now is that there's almost no endgame content. You very quickly run out of things to burn money on aside from purchasing more seeds and livestock, and even then it doesn't take long for you to make money faster than you can spend it, no matter how frivolous you think you can be. Hopefully an update will come later that introduces more endgame content."
76561198046278812,Recommended,413150,21486411,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jesty,"Absolutely amazingPros:The art style is incredibleThe story is silly but neat very harvest moon feelyThe character creation was nice and i like just how it all looked (art style is great)Taking care of your farm is nice and honestly the 15 minute day length is literally just enough time to do everything you want before gettin bored. Everything just stays on roll theres never a idle momentThe mix of dungeon/RPG kind of works well in this honestly its just like runefactory it's just kind of a amazing game, the mechanics just work so well.Some of the bad reviews (which there is only 2 at the moment of this time) One of them complains about a small map. The map is utterly huge and theres 28 npcs in total so far thats awesome the town feels very full.When NPCs leave a area you can follow them and their actually still on the path they were on, Alot of farm life games/just life games make NPCs disappear when they leave a zone so if you see one they run away and then their just gone. With this kind of system you can catch up to them and talk about/gift what you needed too.The personaility for the NPCs is also very modern which is a welcome feeling because everyone gives people the personailitys that date back 10-20 years. Like the one NPC (Maybe a spoiler) Sebastian he is a shut in gamer that just lives in his parents basement typing/playing games on the computer all day long.Honestly its just a great game in general and there is so much content and love put into this you'd need to play it yourself.Cons:There really isn't many but there is a few.When you rest at night you don't fully regain your energy.Finding some of the NPCs for the first time is abit annoying i spent about a hour looking around the map for NPCs and still haven't found them all.I don't really know whether to consider this a postitive or negative but you have a huge farm land but its engulfed but clutter you'll probably need to spend about 1 hour real time cleaning it up.I'm really just fishing for negatives at this point but the game is incredible It'll also be getting Multiplayer in a future patch which will make this game even more incredibly since you can marry your friends/lovers in Multiplayer all kinds of nice stuff like that.Just buy the game yourself and enjoy!"
76561198039319739,Recommended,413150,21486365,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DankDude420,"Nostalgic while improving greatly on many of the kinks of HM, RF, etc"
,Recommended,413150,21556418,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ChaosGod,Fishing is harder then the Dark Souls series. 10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥raped again
,Recommended,413150,22882843,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Yangzhoui,"This game is just amazing! I ussualy dont take time out to write a review (i just press yes or no at do you recomend) but this game deserves a good writen review.First of this game looks and feels a lot like playing harvest moon. I did not like the newer versions of harvest moon but really enjoyed the GBA vesrion. I must say this game feel like the old harvest moon and i really like that. It is set in a pixel environment but feels smooth while playing. I only played trough the first year now and there is still a lot i did not do yet and i am looking forword to it all.The characters all have a good unique personality altho if you talk a lot with them you wil get quite some duplicate messages. There is a lot to do in the game and you are free to do whatever you want to do.I choose that i wanted a girlfriend and then wife as soon as posible. So i did. I focused on crop growing as secondary to make money. It was fall 13 the moment i got 10 hearts with abigail and my house was under construction (would be finished on 15 of fall) and i was happy cause the 14th it would go rain and that means the vendor for the item needed to marry was present (yes he is only there when it rains). But then it said you need a bigger house and i was like really i am already bulding it and the wedding takes 3 days to prepare. but oh well its fall so it will rain soon enough again. It took until the 26th of fall before it rained again and that was only in the nick of time cause in in the winter it does not rain so that would mean i would have to wait until spring until i can marry her. Game was trolling me but so i gave her the item and we married on the first day of winter (i really like the winter and to have our anniversary on the first i like that ^^) and it was only begin winter that i had my first animal building build and got my first chicken.If you liked the old harvest moon games you will certainly like this game. If you never played them but enjoy low level games so to speak (games that are not intense action) such as animal crossing, harvest moon etc. you will probably like this game. It is one of the better games i played in a long time.My personal rating is 10/10 and that is based on the kind of game. It is not the best game of all games i have ever played but it is one of the best in its genere and thats where my score is based upon."
,Recommended,413150,26798794,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DieGrootH@mmer,"As you start, it looks like a normal little 8 bit indie title. Then 80 hours later you need a toilet break, new clothes and you can't believe how addicting this game is. A complex, well executed, thought-out masterpiece that is deservend of your money"
,Recommended,413150,28320723,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Omega,Bought at the end of November.118 hours played.This game has stolen my immortal soul. Send help.10/10
,Recommended,413150,21948057,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Syntax,"My first game in this genre was Harvest Moon on Game Boy Color when I was 12 or something, but I was hooked on it ever since. I've played everything I could get my hands on, including Story of Seasons. Stardew Valley is an amazing PC adaption to this genre of game, and opened up a whole new world to explore with its ability to be modded, unlike others.I remember reading about it years ago and was only mildly interested. I'm not a fan of pixel games -- or at least, I thought I wasn't. I think this game changed my outlook on a very ignorant opinion.Truly hours beyond hours of fun and it'll only get better as new content is fan-made as well as put in by the creator."
,Recommended,413150,21654665,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Alpha Rappa,"To start, Yes i fully believe the game is worth the cost, id pay for it twice, i promise it is worth the time and money if you have ever enjoyed any RPG game ever. and now this is why.BTW, there may be spoilers!I would like to start by saying i have 70 hours in the game already. In that amount of time ill tell you my experience and how i feel about the game.First- I beat the game 95% in 70 hours already, I finished most of these packages you fill for the community, i found all of the special  key places, Mr.Qui's clubhouse and secured my position as the Hero of Stardew Valley. In just 60 hours, Im at the point where i have no need to farm anymore because i have just so much money, and all of my skills are maxed already, and i have all of the house and farm upgrades, once again in just 60 hours. This would be the only negative thing i would have to say. Which i understand is because the game is alpha and the game just was released. Im assuming that this lack of content will be fixed, i have a really good feeling about ConcernedApe and the ChuckleFish crew. I really do, now the things im wrong about already, first of all, im not done with the game, there is such a in depth social system when gifting gifts to people versus just learning about charcacters you care about, from linus selling you special bate to having a wife and kids/ husband and adopted kids or you know. I havent done anything with this system because i wanted eough time to focus on it. Its overwhelming thats how in depth it is. Also there are a ton of collectibles and each one takes you on another adventure. My example of this is the amount of time i spent trying to just catch the legend which is a legendary fish, so after my chores, milking, harvesting, etc on rainy days once a year you have the chance to catch this damn fish. But i had a ton of fun and this game completly brought back the things i enjoyed the most about minecraft and harvest moon and terarria and most rpg's.Positives-In those 60 hours i had alot of fun, i also almost played 60 hours straight, I love this game, If you have ever played Minecraft, Terraria,Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, Pokemon, you will love this game. For what is there it is done really well, there is a in depth plot and story, there are a ton of collectibals and secrets around the map, which is awesome. There are alot of things to do within the first couple of years but after that there becomes litterly nothing to do because you have done everything but grind to collect everything. <--- no true, there is always something to do.This leads my to the last quick part, is if the game with what was released was priced any higher than 15 dollars i wouldnt recommend this title, but for 15 dollars you are getting every pennies worth and you will be apart of a future project that will be really well done. Thanks guys! <--- with multiplayer which is going to be a thing, you could charge more."
,Recommended,413150,27987109,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hunter,"When I asked about this game, people told me that it was like Harvest Moon. I have never played a Harvest Moon game in my life. I now know that Harvest Moon is apparently pure heroin becaue that is what this game is. After each session, I look at the real clock and wonder where the time went. The only thing I can't stand is the fishing minigame, I am rubbish at it."
76561198172583113,Recommended,413150,25990287,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,C-BO,"so i see that the flower dance is coming up and i decide to give leah flowers and stuff to raise the heart thing. So when its the flower dance i aske her to by my dance parnter, She said no. after about a minute of comlpaining im like ""fine i dont need you il ask some one else"". i ask another girl, she says no. i then ask every other remaining girl i could ask. I am turned down buy each and every one of them...10/10 would be single digitaly and in real life forever."
,Recommended,413150,25992415,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Princess Rin,So Let me say that I just started this game recently and already love it!Spending hrs on it already <3I would honestly say this is an updated harvest moon.I would recommend this game to anyone. =)
,Recommended,413150,26001060,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,IronCube,"I am playing now, and it's very good"
,Recommended,413150,26008432,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Pixie Wingz,I grew up playing Harvest Moon games and this just feels like a more grown-up version of Harvest Moon. The game itself is very relaxing and very easy to get absorbed into. I think I spent the first five days playing this thinking I only played for two hours when five hours went by in a flash. The best part is that the developer is still updating the game so there's going to be more new content coming in the future. Defiantly recommond this game for people to play.
76561198067250412,Recommended,413150,26015899,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,PastaRace,"I have received so much enjoyment from this game. It has so much content for the price. Such an amazing value I think.I find the gameplay really relaxing. The story also has kept me interested, although I haven't finished it yet. I have restarted the game on a new save about 4 times now (personal choice, I like having different saves focusing on different skills and narratives) and each time has been different. I have been enjoying seeing the different paths as far as skills, marriage (each spouse has interesting life stories so far) and main story options (2 main options that I know of so far)I also love that this dev is actively working on this game. The dev just released update 1.1 and then bugfixes for that update as well I believe. This isn't a game that's been abandoned, like some other indie games. This dev could have charged for the 1.1 update as DLC, but he didn't even though it included some brand new content. I respect that and have really been enjoying the new farm types. This leads me to believe that this game has a lot of potential for the future if this trend continues.I only have two minor complaints.First, the mechanics of getting people to like you can be frustrating. You have to douse people with gifts until they like you. This is, again, another mechanic from Harvest Moon so I understand it. But there are a few events where you can have dialog options with people, and your responses make them like you more, or less. I love these rare instances and wish there were more of those rather than 95% gift giving. This is something I would love to see improved in the future!Second, sometimes the days get monotonous once you have your in-game routine set. Especially caring for animals. But this is part of the core gameplay mechanics that were inspired by/carried over from Harvest Moon. I usually am relieved of the monotonous feelings once the seasons change though. The game also significantly speeds up IMO once you unlock your entire inventory, and get a horse.Overall, this game is one of my favorites. It brings back great memories of Harvest Moon, but I actually enjoy it more I think. It has more adorable quirks and heart IMO. It also lets me live out my fantasy of picking up my life and moving to a farm and living the ""simple life"". It's so great to come home after a day at the office and pet my virtual cat and water my strawberries."
76561197998422561,Recommended,413150,26896775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daniel3f,"Brilliant balance between simplicity and fun, or is it that simple?"
,Recommended,413150,21518913,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,㋛ Mitsuden ♊,"Really love this game, ever waited for a Animal Crossing / Harvest Moon type game, and here we go! :)"
76561198267877653,Recommended,413150,23798580,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,alisa24,This game is basically Harvest Moon but if Harvest Moon was 100x better and took out all the annoying parts like having to do animal petting minigames 500 times. Stardew Valley is amazing already so don't wait to get it once 1.1 comes out since it's fantastic as is. Happy waifu/sempai hunting.
76561198030854487,Recommended,413150,22073296,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Paranoid,Where did my weekend go?
,Recommended,413150,28322032,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,A Pimp Named Slickback,I mean... this game is pretty awight. The hours played speaks for itself I guess. Also if anyone reading this knows when multiplayer comes out pls message meh.
76561198009656481,Recommended,413150,24416854,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Elena,"Well, I bought this game, what, two weeks ago? I've logged 110 hours. I need more. It's addictive!"
76561198120446758,Recommended,413150,23714744,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Koevoet1997,"I love this game, no seriously. This game made me quit my porn addiction, the reason being that i am now addicted to this game. 10/10 would give up porn for Stardew Valley again....."
,Recommended,413150,21566387,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,PurrNugget,I really needed that Harvest Moon itch.
,Recommended,413150,21776028,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dash,"Being honest, I played a cracked version of this game to start with. I don't think I've ever ended up feeling guilt like this for dodging paying for a game before though, with a few hours of gameplay under my belt I decided against progressing any further and that I'd somehow have to get a copy of the game with my relatively little disposable income before I could play any more.And so I set out on a quest, an Idle Quest. I idled in hundreds of games that have been backed up from the years when I had disposable income that have since been updated with trading cards. I listed over two hundred cards on the market and gradually over the span of a week I built up enough of other people's leftover change to purchase the game.This is both the most and the least tangible amount of effort I have ever put into not pirating a game. There's something so cathartic and nostalgic about Stardew Valley that simply would not allow me to play an illegal copy, even though I couldn't afford it I just had to own it somehow.10/10 would idle for again."
,Recommended,413150,30105095,Posted: 22 February,all,OxygenThief,"Spend all my time running about, getting loads of fresh air and making new friends in-game, whilst in reality I hunch over my machine like some poor demented shadow, slave to my mind-forged manacles, as I slowly click to move that little green bar over the little fishy..."
76561198119017811,Recommended,413150,28490651,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Regemor,"This game, man. This is an amazing piece of work by a small (very small, it's one guy) studio. I'm sure you've heard it's an homage to Harvest Moon, and it is--but it does enough of its own thing. For one thing, you can more or less pick how you make your money in this game. You start off having to grow crops, but you aren't married to it; if you want to be a dairy farmer or a brewer or a wine-maker, or a fisherman who owns a ton of crab traps, you can do that. It's also got some combat that's pretty basic--think like old SNES-era Zelda and you won't be too far off the mark. The combat is basically optional, if it's not your thing.It's charming, it's fun, it can fill a blank spot in the day, fifteen minutes at a time, and you get some accomplishment when you make a harvest and pull in several thousand gold."
,Recommended,413150,22222890,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rob,"I've never played Harvest Moon, so I don't have any nostalgia for this sort of game going into it. I was a little unsure if I'd be interested in something like this; I like building and crafting and fighting, but farming seemed like it might be boring or tedious. Not so. It's definitely repetitive; a few key activities will dominate most of your time, especially in early game. Repetitive does not mean monotonous though-- because these activities require this time and effort, your yields seem more significant because you put the (virtual) hours into earning it.As an outsider to the genre, I have to say this game hits all the right notes for me and I can see myself sinking a HUGE amount of time into it. The five hours I have in this game at the time of writing is literally 100% of the time between when I downloaded it and when I had to quit playing to go to work, so it's definitely engaging.Basically, if you're on the fence because you are new to this kind of game or it doesn't seem like it's your thing, I would recommend giving it a shot. If you want a fast-paced, combat-heavy experience, this isn't for you, but odds are if you're reading this you know that full well already. Beyond that minor and obvious caveat, I recommend it without reservation."
76561198027388750,Recommended,413150,28034193,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Deowai,If you don't think that this game should win the 5 minutes more award...that's fine but I disagree.
76561198043750199,Recommended,413150,26783178,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CurlyKaizer,I should check up on my farm again. And again. Again? Yes!
,Recommended,413150,22083535,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jamecan Becan,"I no longer have a life outside of this game.But in all seriousness, the game is extremely well made. It's a relaxing experience where you do things over and over again, yet it never gets boring. It's more or less the same routine every day, but with small breaks in the form of cutscenes and festivals every now and then to make the game more interesting as the years fly by. It gets really repetitive after a while, but it's always just as fun as the first time you put a crop into that tilted soil. Trust me, I have had this game for five days, and I've already got over 40 hours on record.I'd definitely give this game a 10 out of 10 score."
76561198121064824,Recommended,413150,21496359,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SilverBack,Literally just played 12 hours straight. DamnDaniel / 10
,Recommended,413150,24067819,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Captain Bob ☩,Makes me forget about all problems and really have a good time. Gotta love it.
,Recommended,413150,21991374,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Stickofish,Fun relaxing farming game only complaint is store closed on wednesday
,Recommended,413150,21762895,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,FiXR,"i love harvestmoon,i love the sims,i love some light slice of life game,i love something beautiful sweet sweet thing.and all those thing become one in this game. the game is addicting AF, the soundtrack is so ♥♥♥♥ing amazing so beautifull. this game have mysterious beautiful aura and yes its true i got that feel  when i watch the trailer and YES all the feeling is real when i play it.my most favourite part in this game is when i play this game in the rain and in the game is rain too! its like two beautiful harmony combine become one perfect harmony <3 <3 <3gameplay : 10/10soundtrack : 666/10graphic : i dont care its old school 2d but its so beautiful so 10/10666/10 would play this game for long time.if you love sweet sweet beautiful thing YOU HAVE TO PUT THIS GAME ON YOUR LIBRARY!!! and play it of course.if you have some kind of depression i suggest you can play this game.thanks legendary <3"
,Recommended,413150,21598810,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Squid Queen,"If you get married there's a button to kiss your spouse.10/10 would Press O To Hug Your Family again(On a serious note: this game is amazing. I only heard about it from a friend a week before it came out, but now five days after its release I've already played it for 81 hours. It's both the most addictiveandthe most emotionally appealing game I've ever seen, save forpossiblyUndertale. If you're a fan of games that are relaxing and peaceful but have a bit more to do in them than Animal Crossing, then you're doing yourself a disservice to avoid this game.)"
,Recommended,413150,22048803,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Deegers,This game is really good.
,Recommended,413150,21752390,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Stu_Ark,"I've been craving a game like this recently, and it scratches every itch i've wanted. It's a game I could happily play for a long time (in one sitting too)."
76561198006640918,Recommended,413150,21687834,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,dslkotor45,First off let me state for the record that i am a huge fan off harvest moon back to nature for the ps1 but grew less and less interested in the series every time a new game was released until some years back i just gave up on the franchies alltogether. Then I stumble across this game and think let's give it a try just for nostalgas sake if nothing else. I AM IN LOVE. It is as if this wonderful developer has taken that game i loved so long ago and improved it in every way i had ever thought possible and some i had never considered. So this is both a review and a sincer thank you to Concerned Ape.
76561198290336113,Recommended,413150,22049411,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Star_Unlimited,"Stardew Valley.... I really think this is just a amazing game, I seen people play harvest moon but never played it for myself but it reminds me of harvest moon. The game is wonderful I enjoy the cutscene's."
,Recommended,413150,21862168,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Saci da Caatinga,"This game is very reminiscent of harvest moon, to be honest this game is what harvest moon should've been if it was still in 2D.It's very addicting, very good mechanics, beautiful graphics and a well round gameplay.BUY IT."
,Recommended,413150,22016785,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jedi KnightTomo,Absolutely amazing in most ways! Hours of fun!
76561198041361008,Recommended,413150,22022575,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Edzter,"This game has much more content than is shown. Best to go in it blind.In short, believe in the hype, the game is actually good for a change.You want to keep playing and you will, but the game doesn't drain your life away as you do it because it's so chill.And my favorite part, an amazing soundtrack.Totally worth."
,Recommended,413150,21702853,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,♥ Fredy_909 ♥,"I just played it for one full hour and I would at least play it for one hour more, its goodEdit:Played it for like 90 hours now, its a really great game and it is really relaxing <3"
,Recommended,413150,23972225,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nar4,"cracked it at first, but realised that there is only one developer.got addicted to it (played average 10hours a day) and decided to buy the gameworth every penny spent.10/10the community is growing, the developer is working hard on the game.this is my fav leisure game so farthis game truly deserve and award since the 1.1 update"
76561198267219221,Recommended,413150,25277520,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Shargebad Starhurl,"(Warning: Spoilers) I found myself slightly bored, yet enjoying the gameplay. It was my third start, the first two of which I wasn't happy with. And then the Festival of Jellyfish happened. And I found myself moved by this game. I decided to invest more time from my character with interacting and helping out with the villagers. The game truly captured my heart when I found myself in fall on the first year, and stumbled into the General Store, I had 2 hearts with Abigail, and a triggered event happened. We spent the rainy afternoon playing videogames together. My heart swelled. I said goodbye and gave her a gift of amythest, which apparently she loves. The next day is her birthday, so I give her another amythest, and her affection for me grows. Two days later, on this rainy fall season, I stumble across Abigail playing the flute by the side of the river, and we spend another rainy afternoon together, playing instruments next to the river. I can't tell you what will happen because I haven't gotten that far myself, but suffice to say that this game is incredible and will pull at your heart the same way that Harvest Moon did. I know that the probablity of this happening to another player is unlikely which also speaks to the replayabilty of this game, and as such, you can spend hours and hours playing."
,Recommended,413150,21555232,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Shadow,"Very fun, intuitive and calming game. I've had for a little bit and i find myself with many hours, this is a game that you can play with hours and hours and still stay fresh. If you liked the Harvest Moon franchise then definitely check this game out, it's a must."
76561198082257746,Recommended,413150,22095164,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Horizontal Elon Musk,Stardew Valley is the most charming game I've played in my 20 years of life.
,Recommended,413150,25292749,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,how do i login,its pretty neat dude
76561198009314023,Recommended,413150,25297691,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CHRONIC_THEORY,"Harvest Moon but better! Loving it and definitely comeplling. Polished, refined and supported. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,413150,27745771,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SwolfSteins,"If you liked Harvest Moon growing up, You'll love Stardew.Pros- So much more content than No mans sky- Won't leave you alone and disappointed- Cows- You can fish, grow crops, take care of livestock, get married and have a lifeConsnone"
,Recommended,413150,21680035,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Erica,"I highly recommend this game to any fans of the genre (and even those who aren't!). It's very cute, fun and relaxing and has a great soundtrack! I bought the game four days ago and have over eighty hours played due to the ""just one more day"" mentality. My husband and I have had a lot of fun playing it and learning about the game. I can't wait for the future multiplayer update so I can truly play with my husband and friends and enjoy the game all over again!"
,Recommended,413150,21997433,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Goat Boat,"I have played 42 hours of this game, and only have had it for like 5 days."
76561198144790610,Recommended,413150,22703429,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,The Godfather,"Stardew Valley is one of those games that is very easy to take in, and has so much depth and progression once you actually get in to it. I bought this game right before my finals, because I'm not the smartest person around, and even though it would've been the better decision to skip it, I can fully agree on the fact that this game is absolutely wonderful.You start off very slow, but the fact that your farm exponentially grows in value is a really remarkable feature, and noticable right after your first harvest. Every time you accomplish something, you can almost guarantee yourself that the next time you do it, it will be just a tad faster, and also a bit more profitable. For example, you need to water your crops every day but after a while you will have access to sprinklers, who will do this work for you, therefore giving you more time to accomplish something else.This eventually leads to the only real flaw this game has, it's lack of 'end game' content. Now bear in mind, this is one of those games that's more about the the road to, than the actual goal itself, but after pouring about 80 hours into one save file, I found myself (almost) exhausting the content this game has to offer. I simply stood to make more profit, but all else was already finished. This can be a good thing however, because I myself certainly know how rewarding it can feel to actually 'complete' a game.And this game isn't just about farming, there's so much stuff to do and the different inhabitants of Pelican Town are genuinely interesting characters with personal stories, even though they are pretty much all stereotypes. Forgetting a birthday genuinely made me sad, and I really tried to improve the relationships with every villager I could find. The atmosphere is very much on point.All in all, I highly recommend this game if you want a peaceful, yet very deep game, which can thoroughly suck you in."
,Recommended,413150,27204251,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mudda 🐓🙏,"There is basically no better single player game to play when you just want to chill and the amount of play time you can get out of this f is amazing, especially when you consider how cheap it is."
,Recommended,413150,22279147,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,🅱️aylee,"So far I absolutely love this game, it's adorable.The pixels, the characters, the storyline...CUTE!!!I am not into farming games at all, but this one isn't focused only on maintaining crops but mining, sword fighting, and building a community together again!10/10."
,Recommended,413150,26152076,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,KrunkFucks,Romancing Emily allowed me to ignore the fact that I have feelings for a real girl thats just like her. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21695216,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,[RnB]RmagxD,"Are you bored with everyday life?Do you want to plant virtual crops?Do you want to hook up with a virtual person?Do you want to hook up some bait and fish virtual fish?Do you want to gather resources and make virtual items?Do you want to just slay some virtual monsters with your virtual sword while eating virtual food to heal yourself?Do you enjoy gathering EVERYTHING?Did you say yes to any/all of these?Then this is the game for YOU!(If you said no to all of these, this is probably still the game for you.)Game of the year 201610/10"
,Recommended,413150,21721446,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,THANKS PONYISLAND,"Ever wished to have Harvest Moon on PC? This hits all your niches, nostalgia, it's so wonderful, plus way more. You can marry regardless of gender, customize house, customize your farm, it's much more extensive than any other Harvest Moon game, there's little cute animations and small secrets to interact with. So much to do, so many little things. My only complaints are that I'm not the fondest of a lot of the NPCs, and fishing is very hard to pick up, the array can be kind of buggy and there are still some bugs that need to be ironed out, but its hard to believe that this is a one person team who made this awesome game."
,Recommended,413150,23041513,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Wesley,This game provides me to scratch an itch that hasn't been scratched since super nintendo days with harvest moon.  Its everything i wanted in a nice little farming sim classic type game.
,Recommended,413150,22729597,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,StewTM,"Warning: Highly addictive!This super charming little game will take several hours of your lifetime.The farming-life is neither difficult nor challenging, but very motivational.  All the time, you have plenty of things in mind that you have to do this day.Do I want to water my crops first? Or should I feed my animals? Or maybe I'll go into the village, and have a chat with some people. Oh, I have finally enough money to upgrade my house. Ahh, damn, I have not enough wood left. So, I guess I'll start with cutting down trees!(With some variations, this might be a typical day in Stardew Valley.)There is just no way that you'll exit the game when it automatically saves every morning, right after you've recieved the payment for the goods that you shipped that day. You want to spend it on new seeds or maybe a better watering can. To be honest, this is kind of a d*ck-move from this game.Must ... stop ... but ... can't ... stop ... I have to take care of my farm ... but wait, there's things to do in real life to ... ah nevermind, harvesting pumpkins is more fun...As you may have noticed, this game is not only about farming. There are plenty of different things to do every day. You can cut down trees and collect stones, which allows you to expand your farm with barns, silos or a bigger house that has a kitchen. You can explore a mine and collect minerals, which are needed for tools like sprinklers or kegs. You can go fishing. And you can socialize with the people of Pelican Town, the village in Stardew Valley.Especially in the social aspect, you'll notice how much love was put into this game. I never thought that such few pixels could have so much heart. (The graphic is very minimalistic, but it fits. The superb music aswell.) Every inhabitant of Pelican Town has his or her own daily schedule, likes, and personality. You can give them gifts, which strengthens your friendship and you can even marry someone (Team Abigail!).Good thing is: None of this is essential. If you don't want any friends: Ok, ignore the villagers then. If you don't want to go fishing, don't.You can do whatever you want in Stardew Valley. And that is why it is so addictive: You basically want to do everything at once.TL;DR:Stardew Valley is such a lovely game. It is highly recommendable. I have never spend 15 bucks better. So go and play it. Don't wait for the sale, buy it now. The developer deserves it. And Abigail too. :)"
76561198152500477,Recommended,413150,28478591,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rootin Tootin Putin,"Incredibly fun and deep; however, it could use a ton more end-game content. I know basically every game needs it, but this one expecially. Would recommend it for anyone who likes to farm."
,Recommended,413150,28478952,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,queencoffee00,"I love Stardew Valley. I got it one Friday night when it was on sale for about $10, after a pretty rough week of work, and played for 30 hours that weekend. I just couldn't stop! It's both fun and relaxing, and it seems like no matter how much I play, as soon as I send my farmer to bed and tell myself ""That's it, once it saves you're closing out,"" my farmer wakes up and suddenly I'm out in the yard, harvesting my crops and milking my cows.I'm about a year in, and my farmer is married (to Dr, Harvey!), but I feel like once I've gotten to a point in this game where I feel like I'm about finished, I'll go back and make a new farmer and seduce a new Pelican Town resident, haha. There are new farm layouts to try out, and all kinds of quests to complete, and I really think it'll take me a long time to get tired of this game. It's just too nice to come home from work and unwind with this game. I absolutely love it and would recommend it to almost anyone."
76561198123024379,Recommended,413150,21882634,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Pumble,"Charming retro graphics and easy to learn and implement controls only add to the enjoyment of this game. You play as a young man or woman, who has recently inherited a farm, thanks to an inheritence from your Grandpa. You can grow all kinds of fruits, veggies and grains, along with flowers, grapes and several kinds of citrus trees.Additionally you can raise livestock like cows, pigs, sheep and goats.What adds even more to this game is the little community associated with it. You can walk to the town and listen to the residents talking about this and that, visit their homes and do shopping in the local stores for seeds and tools. There is just so much there you need to see for yourself. You can even get married and have kids, if you so wish.Well worth the money and it works very well, I can't find any bugs or errors and that is quite a positive feature all by itself.9.1/10."
76561197988228877,Recommended,413150,23815638,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Imposter Oppressor Oak,This♥♥♥♥♥♥right here? This♥♥♥♥♥♥right here??? This called death....I got♥♥♥♥♥♥to do today
,Recommended,413150,21735352,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,shkoff,Play this game.
76561198273963113,Recommended,413150,22573213,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Chocobo Billy,"This game is phenominal.  Takes all the good things about gameboy Harvest Moon and amps it up.  it then becomes extremely ambitious by taking all the faults and fixes them.  I have 15 hours in this, and I can tell, I'll be adding 100 more.  This game is a solid 15/10.  Can't wait to see the multiplayer.  If the developer ever makes a kickstarter to put this on console, I'd support it and no doubt it would be completely funded by the end of the night/early morning."
76561198055609351,Recommended,413150,22288842,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Lord Snow,"Do not buy this game. You'll be sucked into a virtual world, where thinking ""I can do one more day"" turns to a week. Soon, you'll be playing at 4AM, notice the time, and think ""How did I get here?!"" This game is secretly a time vampire, and will suck your time out so skillfully and stealthily...That you'll lose...ALL. YOUR. TIME.11/10; def buy."
,Recommended,413150,24701415,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AlphaLlama,very fun and relaxing makes you really love the characters
,Recommended,413150,27136643,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AGAM,"Luckyli i'm a harvestmoon BTN big fans, so i can say this is better than BTN."
76561198080215312,Recommended,413150,23816066,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Original,"Bought at June 24th at 2:18 am,currently June 26th 6:45 pm,Total hours: 20total hours: 40 hours and 27 minutes.10/10 would spend literally half my life in a 2 day time frame again."
,Recommended,413150,26999522,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B-Cuz Raisenz,"Don't let the simple old school RPG style graphics fool you, Stardew Valley is an amazingly addictive farming game.The story is rather in-depth. You play a previously stressed city-slicker, eventually letting go of the harsh, repetitive cubicle job you once had to follow in your grandfather's footsteps. Learn about the village your grandfather loved, and come to love it yourself as you meet the people who live there.Give this game a try, you may be pleasantly surprised.There are also mods for those who enjoy adding variation."
,Recommended,413150,22285960,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,lot9s,It's everything I never knew I always wanted.
,Recommended,413150,21620331,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Demien,"This is the story of a guy who poisoned his grandfather to inherit a farm in a peaceful country city. After a while, the police dropped any suspicion on him so he moved to live there. Greeted by everyone, he will repay the kindness of the inhabitants destroying, cutting and smashing everything on his path. You will stare at them outside their houses, outside their office, waiting hours and studying everything of their life. You will have no respect for the local fauna, killing rare animals that live peacefully in a cave. Transforming the old farm in a money factory, with the cooperation of the creepy local mayor, who search everynight in the garbage of citizens. What's the point of all this you say? There is no point. You are just evil and you like it."
,Recommended,413150,21552809,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,pixels/that/breathe,"No, Stardew, I just got Star Wars Battlefront and PvZ Garden Warfare 2, I gotta go level up in those.NO STARDEW DON'T LOOK AT ME THAT WAY.NOOOOOOOOO-5 hours of straight Stardew Gameplay goes by-It's 3AM.♥♥♥♥. I'll put it this way guys, Stardew Valley is the next Terraria and Minecraft rolled up in one but with the added nuance of Animal Crossing and Dungeon Crawling RPGs.You will not see the light of day for another few years."
76561198168213058,Recommended,413150,21604270,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,RoofPig™,Best game 2016. Better than any Call of Duty or Counter-Strike ever made.
,Recommended,413150,22998822,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Above Heavens,"All the memories came back of my childhood, of me and my sister playing Harvest Moon together.For the great experience and the memory I have to give  Stardew Valley an 9.5/10"
,Recommended,413150,22298772,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,CooffeeHolm,11/10 Would rummage all the trash cans again.
,Recommended,413150,26898850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cardboard Samurai,Stardew Valley is a Harvest Moon-style. It's a great way to spend some time just enjoying yourself. The graphics and gameplay is solid and the story is as good as one would expect.
,Recommended,413150,26923141,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B̶̖̼͙̄̒̅a̶̧̬̟͂͆̒p,God tier game 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21797503,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,NET,its just the greatest
76561198323954452,Recommended,413150,31000706,Posted: 7 April,all,JAYB_Italia,Just get it
,Recommended,413150,23881404,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sailfact,Best farming game I've ever played10/10
,Recommended,413150,27418711,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Johnny Vietcong,"Extremely good and fun game, it's basically Harvest Moon for the SNES but remade for modern sensibilities and on PC. Buy it, plant a bunch of corn, pickle that corn."
,Recommended,413150,30498180,Posted: 13 March,all,CloudiDaiz,"I absolutely love this game, I had heard about it from a friend and I have been non stop playing it. very very very good! The feels are real when you start getting into more cutscenes from building up friendships ;-;"
,Recommended,413150,30511897,Posted: 14 March,all,DunTyDunT [FuckTysCunT],addicting AFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
76561198042198554,Recommended,413150,30513104,Posted: 14 March,all,Tastingo,Great game
,Recommended,413150,21955518,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,CHU,"ILL BUY IT AGAIN IN MY NEXT LIFE.NOW LEAVE ME ALONE, I HAVE CROPS TO WATER. BAI."
,Recommended,413150,21763554,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,xylonez♥パンツ,It's a fantastic game with a fantastic developer. It's Double-tastic!Now stop wasting your time reading reviews and JUST. BUY. THE. DAMN. GAME.
,Recommended,413150,21827491,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,recentteen14,"I am not a fan of farming. Nor am I a fan of socializing. How this thing has addicted me to the point where I'm losing sleep and calling in sick to work so I can play more is beyond me, but I'll just warn you: Once you come in, you aren't coming out for a while. This game is addiction incarnate, so much so that people like me who aren't usually a fan of games of this type love the crap out of it. Buy it now, you'll only regret it when you get fired from missing too much work. Even then you'll still say worth it."
76561198043882664,Recommended,413150,24984144,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,paszaGuiceps,Sucesso Total
,Recommended,413150,22508046,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,The Large Mountain Jew,"Well this game just hits all the right notes to be a cult classic on its way to a full on classic.This game gets compared to Harvest Moon a lot, as well as Animal Crossing and Rune Factory. Which is okay because before this game you had exactly zero options for that ""genre"" on PC. Now a lesser developer could have just made ""Harvest Moon but  on PC"" and called it a day without putting too much effort into it. People would have bought it even if it sucked. Instead, we got Concerned Ape (the one man dev team) making this as a passion project and as a result we get one of the best and most addictive games to come out this year.What Stardew Valley excells at is stealing your life while making farming/fishing/fighting/lumberjacking seem like a fun experience that will make you fat stacks of cash. The Civilization series has ""just one more turn"", Stardew Valley has ""just one more day"".You start off as a former corporate drone who inherits your grandfather's run down farm. It is your job to take a field filled with rocks, weeds, and pesky trees and turn it into a money making machine. Inbetween creating the best farm known to man, you can also play as a lumberjack, go fishing in an infuriating at times fishing mechanic, and kill monsters in your friendly neighborhood RPG dungeon. The town is also filled with a diverse cast of characters who its in your best interest to befriend and or romance. If that all seems overwhelming, its because it is at first. And that's okay because there is close to zero pressure in the game. The only time limit is the daily limit of how much energy you have and hours left in the day. Beyond that, you are in no rush to so much as plant a single turnip. All of this means that Stardew Valley is a perfect game to unwind in.If that wasn't enough, Concerned Ape is still very actively updating the game to be even better, and co-op multiplayer is coming eventually.Buy this game because its extremely good and extremely addictive."
,Recommended,413150,25017386,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,toe,Try not to play for 12 hours a day because you'll burn through most of the content in a week. That's harder than it sounds.
,Recommended,413150,22352262,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Cytek,"You can't pull yourself away from this game.... if you remember your nintendo days... well ok its better than that but it holds true to its root.... simple game play .. good story, and a unbelieveable need to grow just one more set of crops :) hidden tasks, jobs, and secrets are there to discover and the music is phenominal. 5 stars!!!"
,Recommended,413150,25112209,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,skankstro,"I was really iffy on playing this game but once I did I can't stop. It's really addicting and they'res lots to do. Don't want to farm? Be a fisherman. Or hunter, or Lumberjack."
,Recommended,413150,25134335,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,lennconn,Stardew Valley is an amzingly addictive game and one that everyone should play!
,Recommended,413150,25175943,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cwis,"Do you want no life? Well this is the game for you! For only your life taken away from you, you can never see your family again! :D"
76561198103077356,Recommended,413150,25005693,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Cobalt Flash,"If you like Harvest Moon, then this is a must have! its got added features, specifically ones that im still waiting for in Harvest Moon itself!"
,Recommended,413150,29990057,Posted: 17 February,all,Cry O' Moon,"The story of this game is absolutely beautiful and the little songs that place day after day is memorizing. The story is so deep and true and reminds myself and a lot of other players of real life with the economics in play. I can feel myself relate to a lot of the stories that play with some of these characters.I also enjoy the same-sex marriage to those whom are gay and lesbian or just want to because hey why not?The game is fun and addicting and the creators of Stardew Valley is so friendly and nice, and really helpful to answer your questions on Twitch and other websites.There is a lot of customixation and multiple different ways to play the game, to decorate your farm, ect.If the staff members is looking at this here are some ideas:1. If  a person were to play a female add a skirt? I know theres a mod for it but I really dont wanna deal with that crap to be honest.2. During the wedding, the male can wear a tuxedo and a Lady could wear the dress because I dont think getting married in the farm outfit is really sutible.Keep up the good work! I really enjoy this game and I think a lot of people would too."
76561198049502568,Recommended,413150,25113242,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Zero [ Aux ],"Rating: 7/10Decent game. I saw a lot of room for improvement, but I don't regret my playthrough at all."
,Recommended,413150,25137703,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Edock,"What a beautiful game. Trivial spoliers below. Probably will be updated later.Pros:Pixel art that seems to be aliveVery chill soundtrackWide variety of crops, even some that can be unlocked laterPretty high replay valueLots of NPCs you can get married toCombat is fresh to the genre. There are plently of weapons to choose fromCool buildings to buildPerfect game to play after a long day of workYou can decorate your house to make it homeThere is going to be a new patch soonYou start of poor, however after a lot of hard work you can make a name for yourselfWide variety of NPCs that each have a distinct personality.Cons:Sometimes when using a tool it can be hard to align it where you want to use it atInteractions with NPCs can start to repeat after a whileThe horse is kinda out of placeThe first holiday has bad placement, you can't dance with anyone yet.Neutral:Fishing, You will either love it or hate it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out for Harambe"
76561198121906311,Recommended,413150,25155642,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Klankzi,This game is dope!!!  I watched videos of it before and thought it was stupid.  Once I started playing I was hooked.  Funner than it looks!
,Recommended,413150,27909415,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rudd,Well worth the money. Stardew and Chill
76561198135612699,Recommended,413150,24820449,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,bot guru,One  of   the   best   games   i've    played.   Very   addicting  and    very    fun.
76561198029003761,Recommended,413150,22845139,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,"CaptainFijit, StellaVorax","This game... this game is SO good. I started it up, and instantly fell in love with it. Now normally, I play shooters and FPS and RPGs, but it doesn't matter to me... IT IS SO GOOD. You get into the game, and it already has a relateable plot that you almost wish you could fall into IRL. Top ten games Ive ever played."
76561198292409051,Recommended,413150,21938020,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,April (flora_april),"This Game is really nice I enjoy it a lot. For the short time that I have been playing (When I am writing this review) it has been really REALLY fun! I really recommend this game to others. For me this game is perfect because I really like nature. The game is full of Magic and Mystery in some places and I love that! The game has stuff like mining and fishing, so it's not just farming. I saw a recent review saying that they didn't like the graphics of the game, I have two things to say to that. First of all, watch trailers or youtube videos to see how the graphics are in them. Second if the graphics aren't good on what you are using to play but they were on the videos that you saw, then something is probably wrong. Well I hope some of you people who haven't downloaded the game do. It's really fun!"
,Recommended,413150,24901172,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,NightFox,"A throwback to the farming simulators I grew up with as a kid. This game is everything I was always hoping for from the Harvest Moon franchise. With charming graphics and catchy music, it gives you the feel of an older title with all the fresh features of modern games. You can farm, craft, fall in love, adventure, and more. There's never a lack of things to do, and this game doesn't force you to do things within certain time frames.Stardew Valley will captivate your heart."
76561198106817303,Recommended,413150,24809069,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Xargats,Awesome
,Recommended,413150,24815758,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,dagreat2005,OMG its so addicting 10/10 SO MUCH TO DOOOOO CANT WAIT FOR MULTIPLAYER!!!!!!!!!!!!would reccomend to anyone even if they dont like farming
,Recommended,413150,24987501,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,logan272001,The only downside I can think of for this game is that my♥♥♥♥♥hurts from playing it so much 10/10
76561198106574815,Recommended,413150,26885008,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Khaara,"This game is pretty cool and addicting, but not everyone will like it. Some of my friends found it pretty boring, but I didn't, for me it is just perfect. If you like farming stuff, taking care of animals and crops, and build relations with other villagers, this is your game. If you don't want to take your time and play right, not a great idea buying it."
,Recommended,413150,26818391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Orihime Darl,I love this game so far :)
,Recommended,413150,21599778,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,yoisha,Make me misses old daysHarvest moon v211/10
,Recommended,413150,21685459,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Mei,MUST PLAY!
,Recommended,413150,22230692,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,masterfrown,"awesome game. really captures that old harvest moon feeling that i've been craving. if you like harvest moon, you'll like stardew valley"
76561198112888140,Recommended,413150,21599832,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,みしろ,"I Love This Game..but, after Patch v1.04 My game Always Crash....Can you fix it ? or it's my computer problem ?i'm already Uninstal & and Instal it. but it's always crash(Sorry for Bad English)._."
,Recommended,413150,22230135,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jman,First game I loved so much I actually made a review.I bought this game and 3 days later I had put almost 50 hours.I had to restart my computer for an update and when I opened steam I ran away from my computer.I'm afraid to open the program again.I know if I do real life days will go by without any memory but stardew valley.
,Recommended,413150,24100755,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Eostre,-8 am- Got game- 10 am- I'm sure this game isn't that addicting...-2 pm- Hasn't eaten breakfast/lunch-10 pm- Should I stop playing?-11 pm- Seriously! I need to stop!-Midnight- Send help!
,Recommended,413150,22230221,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,mistakes were made,"Gay Harvest Moon, 10/10"
76561198268825840,Recommended,413150,22230791,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,rexthejack,i've got over 40 hrs of game play and will say it is well worth 14.99
76561198155683111,Recommended,413150,21599755,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Omae wa mou shindeiru,This game is amazing. i can play this game for 10 hours
76561198032006081,Recommended,413150,21885854,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Ｉｎ　ｔｈｅ　Ｔｒａｐ　Ｕｓｕａｌｌｙ,This game is good for my soul.
,Recommended,413150,22363419,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SchwartZero,"I have a few nitpicky complaints, like:Your character walks too slow.There aren't many incentives to make money.Only a few crops sell really well.It's not quite as enjoyable or anywhere near as refined as Rune Factory 3 and 4 are... But I would definetly say it's above some of the recent Harvest Moon titles.So... It's aight."
,Recommended,413150,21600104,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,N.droo,"I almost forgot how much fun i had playing Harvest Moon, and now there's this game (and on the PC too!), AND with such a good price. Best money I've ever spend"
,Recommended,413150,22133497,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,CarolusX2,"Readers beware: Wall of text (although if you'll read it, then maybe we can convince more to support this wonderful game, it's worth every cent)!Wow, just... Wow.This game is amazing, I've played this game for five days in a row, almost non-stop, and I'm pleasantly surprised by the effort and dedication put to this game. I feel nowadays that Im too old to get excited about games as I did when I was a kid, but this and and the earlier release of Undertale has been an immensive help to boost that feeling again.This, this goddamn game, it makes me both happy & motivated, it has this constant good flow so you feel that nothing is either too easy or too hard, just perfect. And it's just bursing with content everywhere, in an era where developers put as small as effort as they can in AAA games, Concerned Ape just delivers. To start off, it's basically a farming simulator in glorious and shiny 16 bit graphics, done in a very similar style to the SNES games of old like Legend of Zelda: A link to the past. It's also been influenced by Harvest Moon which was released for Gamecube and a very similar farming simulator. I haven't played HM so I can't really speak out about it, but it speaks for itself.You basically have four seasons in which different kinds of plants and life emerge out of your farm or in the wild and this is your prime source of income. But there is also fishing, extremely addicting I might add and can be another source of income if you become really good at it. As a semi-RPG it does include skilltrees but it's not that developed although I doubt it's supposed to be, it's just so the game can ease you into becoming better rather than giving you every blueprint and details at the start. Another source of income is mining, which is most probably inspired by Terraria as you go deeper into the mines, finding better and more valuable ores and gems.But dont think that you have time for all that every day, the days go fast like real life and you probably have to prioritize what type of work you want to do this day and it might be slow at the start but when your skills and steady supply of crops improve, things go a bit smoother from there.But it's not all hard work, well, not literally, but figuratively. There's tons of people in this little village you live in, who all have different personalities and interests whom you can interact with, befriend and some are even available to marry, aka. Harvest Moon style. Talking with people every day is going to end up with them giving you free stuff, so why not! Every character in game also have a more close-up portrait so you know who you're talking to (although in some cases I prefer the older updates due to some of the characters looking a bit odd or less attractive, I mean compare Abigails design through the years and a lot of them are way cuter than they are now but perhaps that is due to making them more realistic, you'll be the judge:http://stardewvalleywiki.com/File:Abigail_Timeline.png).They also have entirely unique events that are only available through maintaining a relationship, and it's more than one-dimensional story arcs.The music is good but sometimes just cuts out after playing once, leaving you with silence, maybe it was meant to be that way but then I just put on some Toby Fox or Justin Kaufman and no one will be the wiser. And the soundtrack is cheery, like, deadly cheery, you might want to skip sugar in your coffee.The sounds are excellent though, there's no voice actors but it feels very reminscent of nostalgia and 16-bit. Can't find anything to complain about there.All in all, this game is truly amazing, one of it's kind and you won't realize that by just watching the steam pictures or trailers, you have to play it. I watched some let's plays but didnt really find it that interesting but that is because ""your farm = your responsibility"", I mean, you dont get as entangled or immersed in someone elses hobbys than you do in your own. But this game is more than hard work, it pays off every single day because you can't let yourself get angry at such a happy and encouraging game. I feel like I should stop writing but I just want to give it more praise although I fear a wall of text isn't that enticing.TL:DR: GOOD GEM, BUY IT! NO DISSAPOINT."
76561198023849488,Recommended,413150,22230011,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,pyrex.is.metal,As I write this review I realize this is time better spent playing Stardew Valley
76561198230768036,Recommended,413150,29015719,Posted: 4 January,all,YoItsCammm,It is a very great game! But I wish they added multiplayer.
,Recommended,413150,21632827,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bagel,"is......is that the sun?nahh mom, i need 5 more mins!"
76561198170455054,Recommended,413150,22231217,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Banana Man,Like Skyrim... With guns!Child tested Satan aproved 666/10! Buy this game!
76561198016814378,Recommended,413150,26038133,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,KedViper,So much to do. So much fun. This game makes me happy.
76561198201635378,Recommended,413150,29592773,Posted: 30 January,all,Mosgiel,MUST PLAY..... CAN'T EVER STOP..... 5 MORE MINUTES.......
,Recommended,413150,29592896,Posted: 30 January,all,bmgonewrong,Very fun.
,Recommended,413150,25218166,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sammylawnchair,"Wonderfully charming. A perfect balance of simplicity and depth. The experience is relaxing, while the relationship and stories feel so personal. Really enjoying this game."
,Recommended,413150,29594181,Posted: 30 January,all,The Earlio,I've been playing for just over a week now. I didn't expect to rack up more than twice that of my work hours for a week.I think I have a good problem on my hands. Or Maybe I am really sad.
,Recommended,413150,24338649,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,CroweBrust,"If you like Harvest Moon or Rune Factory, this game is for you"
76561198021099593,Recommended,413150,25781129,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,azgocazo,"60 hours on year 2, all things are mostly done exept granpa final evaluation. Will continue playing once more contents are out, otherwise, maybe an hour or 2 every weekend is nice~"
,Recommended,413150,22332397,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Muses,"If you like Harvest Moon games, you should DEFINITELY pick this game up!!"
76561198122421233,Recommended,413150,23122672,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,jakub0602,"First things first: I'm playing on few minor mods and I don't know why Steam doesn't count my play hours, but really, I don't care. When i'm writting this comment, i have over 50 hours in game played.---One day my sister has entered my room, saw that i was playing Stardew Valley, and asked:- ""Why have you bought 1000 euro PC to play pixelazed game?""I looked at her with tears of joy in my eyes and answered:- ""I don't have time to chat, my crops won't water themself.""She isn't worthy. She never played any Harvest Moon games. She will never understand what ConcernedApe did, and why He is my personal hero, if we are talking about farming games, if we are talking about BRINGING MY CHILDHOOD BACK.---In Poland main gamers magazine CD-Action had a headline in Your game review: ""What do you do, when your beloved series disappoints you with every next game? You just sit down and make your own game, better in every aspect."""
76561198040443888,Recommended,413150,22079041,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,crazycepeda,"Very similiar to Harvest Moon. I love ths simplicity of the game with the old school graphics and enjoy the storyline. I love that I can take care of my farm, raise friendships, romance someone, and fight monsters all in the same day!"
76561198013149317,Recommended,413150,21614684,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,(N☆G)Seyani Las,Just started and already have 17.5 hrs on it and i'm pretty much addicted to it. Anyone who likes Harvest moon games will love this game. Only thing i have issues with is fishing..but that is me lol
,Recommended,413150,27893361,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,EnchantingDaisy,"This has to be the BEST farming game I've played, EVER!!!! I've been playing farming games since Harvest Moon on SNES back in the day. Highly recommend!!"
,Recommended,413150,22108354,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,CTG | Darvlar,"This game is AMAZING. So after a couple of weeks of my friends playing it they told me to buy it and at first i was hesitant on it, at first i wasnt going to buy it because i was like ""Its a farming game, i play a lot of PC games but it didnt look good to me at the time"" and eventually curiousity caught up so i watched some YouTubers play it and i started to like it. I watched a YouTubers livestream of the game and i got addicted to it, so addicted i decided to buy it, and it was no mistake. This game offers so much, its not just a farming game, you can explore, make relationshps/friendships, have a family, mine, and so much more! I highly reccomend this game to everyone! I think the only thing that ould make it better is adding multiplayer :D"
76561198237125488,Recommended,413150,29824021,Posted: 10 February,all,damnjustletmeplay,"Worst than crack.Come on, give it a try."
76561198170693817,Recommended,413150,26624421,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,The Lonely Raccoon,"If you like havest moon and animal crossing I think you would like this game.  It is a very enjoyable game and has lots of tasks for you to do in the beginning of the game and then you can do things at your own speed.  My only problem with the game is that the price is a bit high for what you are getting, in my opinion I think the game shold be $10.99 but if you can get it on sale I think you should get it."
,Recommended,413150,21971441,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,A$AP Preet,Very addictive
76561198004812573,Recommended,413150,22121330,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Rompt,"Great Casual Game!! Love all of the avenues of getting income. So you can always bring in something no matter what you are currently working on. Game runs super smooth overall, A little hard to fish, but that is a minor thing. Dialog along your adventure is really cool with all the cut scenes and still have yet to finish a full year. A lot to do in this game, and it is really relaxing while playing. My kids love it !! But would be better suited for kids who can read since it is a text based dialog. Highly recommend this game well worth it."
,Recommended,413150,22101896,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Rich32G,"Pretty, charming and addictive can be used to some up this game.I'm a fan of its retro look and it has so many things to do. Admittedly I have less than 10 hours on the game thus far, but it is superb fun.Must have in my opinion for the money."
76561198097305245,Recommended,413150,21888109,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,OwlPlays,"EDIT: This game is a completionist's wet nightmare. Three years into the game and I'm still scrambling around gathering things for the various collections in the game. I have five pages of notes on a small legal pad, things that I need to collect, along with collecting info if I know it. If a game still has me running around after almost 100 hours of gameplay...and I'm still playing? Worth it. 10/10 would abandon real life again./EDITI have had this game for two weeks. I spent 65 hours of those two weeks entirely engrossed in this game. I have literally spent 20% of my time unable to close it.IMHO this game is everything that Harvest Moon could have been. Don't get me wrong, I love the HM series. I played the good HM's and the terrible HM's. This game takes an incredibly addictive idea and expands it in a way that complements, without overshadowing, that amazing initial type of gameplay. It took a game that people couldn't put down and gave us everything we could have ever hoped to have been added. And not only that, but the transition between ""Here's your farm, get busy farming,"" and ""Here's your farm, now here's EVERYTHING ELSE,"" is seamless. Dev actually formulated the game so that you're not missing out on one thing to explore everything else (e.g. late game when your farm/livestock is basically self-sustaining so you can go cave diving or fishing or what have you on the regular.)And even without touching on gameplay AT ALL, this game is worth it simply for the dev dedication. Concerned Ape is constantly poised and watching the community, welcoming feedback and bug reports. I don't know when CA gets any sleep, and if they dream of Stardew Valley when they do.I know I do.I cannot praise this game or its dev highly enough. Let my 20% addiction rate speak for itself."
,Recommended,413150,21542687,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Delano,If you know and like Harvest Moon this game will be perfect for you it is toally worth the 15bucks it is a lot of fun if you like games of this style.
,Recommended,413150,21877023,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Wiggin Miller,"So I thought of writing a quirky review like ""12/10, my pixel wife is hotter than my IRL one"", but I decided to really speak what makes this game amazing.This game was crafted by a man who loved the simplicity and charm of Harvest Moon.From the soundtrack bringing nostalgia from HM 64 and Back to Nature, to the quirky personalities of the villagers, this game was lovingly made by a man who grew up loving those games.The premise is simple: Take care of your dead grandfather's farm. Make friends with villagers. Find a waifu.The magic is really how the game makes you feel. 5 minutes turns into 5 hours as you spend another day growing a new crop, cutting down weeds, upgrading tools, and getting an extra heart for your virtual love.There is enough direction to give you a basic goal, such as growing a specific seed, or talking to the fisherman for your rod, but it's free enough that you can just ignore everyone and be a crazy, seed-growing hermit.Even if you never played Starbound/Terraria/HM, you will still find the charm in the game.This is a labor of love, crafted by a man who knew what people wanted, and gave his sweat and tears to make it.I can't recommend this enough for anyone that wants to take a break from the competitive games that swarm the store nowadays."
76561198275356520,Recommended,413150,22094427,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,jessigirl1992,"Once you start, you can't stop. Great game!"
76561198007099520,Recommended,413150,21898753,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Froot,"This is my new favorite game of all time. Absolutely phenominal game, and I love every second I spend with this gem!"
76561198013333791,Recommended,413150,22082956,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Strawberrybell,This game so clearly had a lot of love put into it. Great game to chill out to.
,Recommended,413150,21985309,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,(╯°□°)╯<GankumDankJankum,i can grow poppy and hops and then make beer out of them10/10 would drink again
,Recommended,413150,21745113,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Predatormagnet,This game is everything i ever hoped for... Its a mix of three great games : Harvest Moon+Animal Crossing+Minecraftbecause of that it is the perfect game    there is so much content and so much things to discover... IM IN LOVE <3
76561198004469243,Recommended,413150,21528794,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Bulkina,"Purely amazing! Expected Farmville offline, but there is SO much more depth to this. Totally In love after about 7 hours. Great job!"
76561198043856694,Recommended,413150,22028614,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Locklbot,"Potatoes came in 2 days early, I got so excited because now I can get one more crop of Parsnips in before the season ended... spent the whole day away planting parsnips, completely forgot I was suppose to be picking up a date for the annual Flower Dance.-wouldnt go to the dance alone-spent the day of the dance harvesting wood for scary crows-put up scarecrows everywhere allthewhere to scare off the villagers-become reclusive social outcast10/10 would plant parsnips again"
76561198158852488,Recommended,413150,21794783,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,katiewoo,"So I've not been in Stardew Valley very long but I'm already growing to love this place...although the first few days here were slightly odd.I found a letter in my mailbox from a man called WIllie who wanted me to go and meet him at the beach.So I set off trying to find the beach, only to bump into a very attractive lady called Haley.  I accidently wacked her a few times with my sickle before saying hello.  We talked a little and then I followed her into her house...which she didn't seem to object to but apparently I didn't know her well enough to go into her bedroom.  Fair enough.  I left.  I continued my journey to try and find the beach which was sadly unsuccesful.  It was getting late and darkness fell.   By 1am I still hadn't managed to find my way home and had somehow ended up in the childrens playground! I ran away as fast as I could as I didn't want to residents of Stardew Valley thinking their new neighbour enjoyed hanging out in playgrounds in the middle of the night.  Thankfully I DID find my way back home again and had a long sleep.The next morning I decided to head out to try and find this elusive beach....only to end up at the local Joja Supermarket.  I wandered around the isles and then for some unknown reason I held a rock above my head and looked as if I was walking up to people wanting to stone them.  I eventually found how to make the rock go away and left.I *still* couldn't find the beach and night fell once more....I purely by accident found myself at the bottom of my garden but needed to hack my way through the undergrowth to get to my house.  By 2am I fell to the ground from exhaustion and passed out.The next morning I woke up - NOT in my garden....but in my own bed....which was great...the bad news however was that I appeared to have less money than I did yesterday.  Bugger! I found a hand written letter in my mailbox from a man called Lewis who said he found me on the ground and someone ran off as he approached.  He had carried me to my bed and said he hoped the thief hadn't taken too much money.  Lewis warned that I should be more careful in the future.....(Careful? I was in MY garden! How do I know that YOU 'Lewis' didn't steal my money? And more to the point, why exactly were you wandering around MY garden in the middle of the night? Hmmmm?).So this time I decided not to try and find the beach.....and would you believe it, it was the FIRST thing I found (typical).  I met the infamous Willie who gave me a rather nifty fishing rod.  I tested it out.  I caught some seaweed and ate it.  It tasted terrible but game me energy.  Hurrah.After an afternoon of fishing I headed home....somehow I ended up back in the playground AGAIN (I know, twice is a little harder to explain...) but thank God I made it back to the farm before night time.I watered my vegetables and hit the sack.A bloody brilliant game.  10/10."
,Recommended,413150,21578844,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Ryan,"Very rarely do I give a game 10/10 but this game deserves it.If you enjoy Harvest Moon or Sim type games it's a definite buy, even if you haven't played something like it before I still suggest you check the game out.Only a handful of indie and AAA devs deliver, and ConcernedApe aka Eric Barone has not only delivered a good game day 1 but has been consistently updating the game to fix any bugs left over as it's a 1 man team and he's only human.My only reservation before I purchased was the fact that the multiplayer component of the game wasn't released with the single player, but after both playing single player and seeing how serious he is and how often he has updated the game upon release I have very little reason to doubt him anymore, this is someone who clearly prioritizes quality over $$$ although fortunately for him and unfortunately for developers that don't realize this, quality translates into $$$"
76561198081463913,Recommended,413150,21865543,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,LoneWolfAlex,"Great game, starts off slow but when you get the basics down and start a small farm it gets really fun."
76561198034451107,Recommended,413150,21575934,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BR0FESS0R 0AK,"This game, is literally everything you'd want in this style of game.  It's so Harvest Moon-y I love it. It's also super affordable ."
,Recommended,413150,21613978,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,bramon,"Great games, ConcernedApe, keep it up!"
,Recommended,413150,21928250,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ADoksa,السلام عليكماللعبة أسطورية وأعطيها 10 من 10إللي عجبني فيها في اعمال اخرى غير المزرعة مثل الذهاب للمنجم تتعرف على أهل القريةالواقعية بحيث هناك اعمال لاتنتهي في لحظة بل تحتاج الى اياموأيضا نظام السيزون او الفصول الأربعة تتنوع معك النباتاتوالكثير الكثير ما اقدر اشرحها كلها هناإدمااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااانسلبياتممم... ما اتوقع في سلبيات ابدا بس اتمنى من المطور عدم الوقوف بل الإستمرار في تحديث اللعبةأشتريها ولا لا ؟؟نعم وبقوه من زمان ما لقيت لعبة تاخذ من وقتي الكثير
,Recommended,413150,21798598,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Vie,♥♥♥♥ing. Awesome.
,Recommended,413150,23991974,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,EricTheRed,"Easily one of the best and most addicting games I have ever played. Incredibly simple, but vastly complex, Stardew valley is an absolute champion in game design. I have registered 200+ hours in multiple games throughout my life, but Stardew Valley is one of the only games I have ever played for 10 hours straight; it's honestly getting unhealthy. As an added bonus my girlfriend absolutely adores this game and we will play for hours at a time together.10/10"
,Recommended,413150,23989748,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,valstomps,Very addicting.
,Recommended,413150,23995045,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,bANJO,"When all games suck, this game will get your gaming vibe back!=)"
76561198169303353,Recommended,413150,23995173,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LinneaNinnu,"This game is so much fun!! I could play it for a week straight, sadly I can't, but I play it a lot anyway! My bestie is a guy who looks like a caveman, I've given him many gifts. Yay!! Not too difficult, except the mines are a little bit tough. So much content in this little game!"
,Recommended,413150,23982643,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DexBuff,"Love the game and my first playthrough lasted 25 hours. I haven't played since. Only because I don't have the time to play 25 more hours... think Civ franchise mixed with Animal Crossing mixed with Terraria, meaning go buy the game already."
,Recommended,413150,23943441,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Faedon,There is nothing much to say about it.Absolutely GOTY.
76561198064729557,Recommended,413150,24023487,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,stins1989,Best Harvest Moon like game ever. I can't wait to see what future updates do for the game As honestly late game is a little barren.
,Recommended,413150,24024601,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Hyperion1911,"Awesomeeee!Great art style,music,replay value,secrets, I could go on and on and all this by one man!...just get this if you liked harvest moon,or farmville for that matter, it will surprise you with its depth & content.You wont regret buying this.only gripe is I wish there were HD textures ."
76561198059106613,Recommended,413150,24082025,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Uintah,"As a veteran of the old Harvest Moon games (N64 and GBC) , I am always on the lookout for other farm-based games, and usually none of them can hold a candle to Harvest Moon. However Stardew Valley is , dare I say, the bees knees.Basically , this is your daily routine .Wake upWater/Harvest plantClean up some stumps/rocksIf nothing to clean up, water rest of plantsTake care of animalsPossibly go to townSleepDoesn't sound like fun, but you'll be hooked after that first harvesting of turnips.There are four different seasons too, so there is a large variety of herbs/plants/flowers to cultivate and harvest.The town is awesome. Unlike the harvest moon games, almost every single day something different is happening. There are birthdays marked on the calender, so you can go out and bribe er GIVE GIFTS to men/women you're trying to romance. There are random events that happen too, and the rest of the world outside your farm is fairly large.My biggest issue in Harvest Moon games, were rainy days. You're more prone to getting sick if you work on a rainy day, and then you end up missing an entire day of work because you have to rest when you're sick. In this game, there's a whole dungeon you can go explore. So, instead of just sleeping the day away, you can go into the mines to get some ore and kill some slimes .Also, levels.Yes, this game has levels. You level up and learn new recipes , get more ""profecient "" with your tools (+1 to hoeing) , and gain more health or stamina . There's equipment you can find as well.Obviously, I haven't played too much of the game, but the little bit that I have played is simply amazing.If you enjoy Harvest Moon, Farmville, or you know just calm relaxing games to pass time while you wait for your pizza to be delievered, this game is your jam."
,Recommended,413150,22465090,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sgt. Bones,"This game is wonderful! You can really see the love and care that the creator put into every single aspect. Farming has pretty much taken over my life at this point, but I'm 100& fine with that!"
76561198086597443,Recommended,413150,23204911,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Cynthalynn,"Stardew Valley has ruined my life in the best way possible. Everything about this game is amazing and completely addicting, 10/10, what's a social life anymore?"
,Recommended,413150,23965516,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,fluffer ♥︎ pupper,Stardew Valley is a game that will pull your nostalgia heart strings. I've never enjoyed a game of this nature since Harvest Moon 64 back in the early days of my childhood.
,Recommended,413150,22227089,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DragonAion,"While I originally thought this to be a mix between Mario and Farmville and a cute way to run a little farm home, it turned into a calm, relaxing, loveable home-away-from-home that is filled to the brim with personality, care, attention, and is very, very worthwhile. Having friends who play, each of us not only have different spouses for different reasons, but we each see and play the game differently. Every family has unique characters with unique personalities, and there is a depth to every single villager that I had not expected. Everything from spouses' histories, worries and likes, to the people in the Valley, even though I'm in my fifth year there is still so much to see and adore. I thought I had explored everything first year and was excited to see my farm grow, and was I ever in for a surprise.I play this instead of Skyrim (at least at the moment), and I've more than 1,000 hours on my Skyrim to put that into perspective. I recommend this to everyone, regardless of age, and to have a blast; I know I am!"
,Recommended,413150,23945336,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bad Monster,10/10 Would plant another Potato
76561198080724877,Recommended,413150,21828048,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mike The Ninja,"Absolutey amazing, your life will be no more once you buy this game."
76561198086458431,Recommended,413150,24060265,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Durães,"Very solid game. The work put into it is astonishing, and it manages to just keep getting better and better."
76561198060784435,Recommended,413150,24060713,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,OhSoWhorrifying,"I've owned this game for a week now, and can honestly say I can recommend it... If you buy this game, you will likely end up moving to a small town and starting your own farm. Who needs the hustle and bustle of the city when I can smash rocks, chop wood, and grow crops."
76561198050089889,Recommended,413150,23998828,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tatrynn,"An incredible game with an inspiring story of a first time developer. It's the perfect mix of adventure, action, and simulation, with charming graphics and music."
,Recommended,413150,24048366,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Open Window Maniac,"This is a very fun game, and I highly recommend anyone that is looking for a relaxing farming/life simulator to purchase it.With that being said, many people say that this game ""pays homage"" to the Harvest Moon series. If by ""paying homage,"" you mean ""completely ripping off"" Harvest Moon, then yeah, I'd say it does. This game is very polished and certainly worth your time if you are a fan of Harvest Moon, but lets be real: the artstyle is extremely similar to the SNES version of Harvest Moon (Google some screenshots if you have never seen it), and 80% of the gameplay elements are ""borrowed."""
76561198119791572,Recommended,413150,24052116,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,1nsane_Asy1um,"MUST. WATER. PLANTS. Oh wait, it's raining today... Guess I'll go flirt with Abigail..."
76561198062933175,Recommended,413150,24124954,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Chuan Jie,"relaxing game, play at your own pace."
,Recommended,413150,24096880,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BigMikeM,Great game for the price.  The world is small but surprisingly deep.
,Recommended,413150,24105641,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ventea,"Stardew Valley brings me back to the days when I put countless hours into the Harvest Moon series. The content feeling of watching nothing turn into something with just a simple effort. Meanwhile the cast of characters are enjoyable to talk to and befriend, each have personalities that make them unique and adorable. It's such a beautiful game and refreshing take on the ""farming simulator"" genre."
,Recommended,413150,24116264,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,stixwitch,"So it turns out, you don't make any friends in the real world if you give them a chocolate cake using this recipe."
,Recommended,413150,21507019,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Chase Mathews,game faukin rocks
,Recommended,413150,24111122,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,peudepeu,"This game is amazing and just what I wanted. I am amazed that it's made by a single person! Learning the mechanics was easy and the UI is really great. Some things could be even better though - I would like to have more immersion with some animal personalities (like some cows might be agressive and hurt you) or maybe you and the animals could get sick? You could win friendship points from bringing your friends medicine. Maybe the crops could go bad? These are just a few ideas I got while playing. Even without these features, I still recommend this game and I love it. 9/10."
,Recommended,413150,21654059,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Puppet Master,I grew up playing the harvest moon games.  This fills a hole in my gaming heart that has been left empty for years.
76561198166040251,Recommended,413150,23736005,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SirNoodleKnight,"I love this game to bits, it's nice and easy and doesn't give me the panic some other games do because if you miss something you've always got another chance. It's a great wee game to play when you wanna distract yourself.Love it and would highly recommend getting it if you like these kinds of games at all."
,Recommended,413150,24337567,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,★Whiz,this game reminds me of harvest moon.....super addicting though!
76561198060343180,Recommended,413150,21490279,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,zacntan,"I got this game because I was bored, but now that I have played it, I now know that this game isn't  just about farming. There is so much more to this game, and I recomend this game to anyone who like rpg, oldish type games. Now I seriously can't stop playing it! so far I have play 7 hours on it, with out exiting the game!"
76561198102177223,Recommended,413150,24086413,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lord_Sarverious,"I never really played Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing series, but this game goes right along with them. It feels a little like Minecraft and Terraria with the building, exploring, farming, and terraforming. Stardew doesn't give the freedom of tearing down all the trees and rocks you see, but gives you enough that you'll be happy.  I've only got a few hours into the game, but I see myself making a second file in the future to make a different farm setup."
76561198083042945,Recommended,413150,24185063,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,MelsDown,"This game reminds me so much of my favorite handheld game Harvest Moon. It took all the best things from that series and made them its own. There is so much to see and do that I know this will be in heavy rotation for me for a long time. The only downside is that it is SO much fun I now have to share my computer with my 6 yo so he can play it, too!"
,Recommended,413150,29711263,Posted: 4 February,all,Josanne the Receptionist,"I absolutely love this game. It's more than just a farming sim that you get when you have nothing to do. The replayability is completely astounding, along with the gameplay in general. The soundtrack and freeplay/sandbox universe combine into an amazing game and is definitely worth way more than $15. If you have any interest atallI recommend you buy it immediately."
76561198083217380,Recommended,413150,24322748,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Koalafant,"I thought, ""Well this is a farming game, I won't like this one bit."" Next thing I know I'm starting a garden in reality. No joke. I started a darn garden because of this game. Either way, There's lots of ways you can play this game, fishing, artifacts, mining, farming, ranching, etc, etc. This game is so full of material to keep you excited for hour upon end. Stardew Valley is a true masterpiece."
76561198069092813,Recommended,413150,22563334,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Satern,This game is relaxing and awesome.
76561198077517860,Recommended,413150,24325403,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Catcat7077,"So may or may not of started with the illegit version because I'm broke. Was told about it by a trusted friend and decided to play a few minutes. Those minutes might of turned to hours. I love this game, I love the people, I love the community, I love the mods. This game even inspired me to spend a day or so making my own, and I'm planning on a portrait mod just like everybody else. Went out and bought the game as soon as I had the money and havn't regretted it at all. I have found the occasional bug, such as my random inability to marry my waifu Abi (without the usual cause that everyone else gets), but some hours of dedicated work somehow led to a fix. Still don't regret anything. I am awaiting co-op with bated breath."
76561198244124858,Recommended,413150,24321555,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Liz,"I love pretty much everything about Stardew Valley. When I first started playing it, I couldnt stop. I'd play for hours on end. I played Worlds Dawn before this and I really prefer this over it. I think theres so much more you can do on Stardew Valley versus Worlds Dawn. Also, gaining friendship with the characters is much more reasonable than it is in Worlds Dawn. I really appreciate all the ways you can earn money (minerals, resources, foraging, cooking, fighting, fishing, quests, and farming). All the events and festivals are adorable and the characters have great personalitites and backstories.It's an all around fantastic game and I highly recommend it."
76561198164566778,Recommended,413150,21970726,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Rainbowcow Girl,YES YES YES 1000000000000000000000/10
76561198016967124,Recommended,413150,24432140,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Iain1980,"Yes, I'm enjoying this.Look past the ""old style"" graphics and it's a charming game. Quite laid back, but some parts are fiendish and difficult.I bought this at the same time as a big budget, alien horror survival game. Guess which one I've spent more time playing."
76561198018309961,Recommended,413150,24472205,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Archon of the Void,"I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said... This game is simply a masterpiece, and I enjoy playing it endlessly!!! :D [[100 out of 10]]"
,Recommended,413150,22904443,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,[KwZ],This game is so relaxing and fun. I dream about my farm. Underneath the cuteness there very deep and sad stories when you befriend some of the town people. Beyond the third year can be very repetitive and money is not a problem anymore but I'm sure the developer is constantly working to improve that.
,Recommended,413150,22822630,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Amiileigh,"Absolutely LOVE this game!Works wonderfully with my Xbox controller for easier gameplay (I'm used to console gaming)I never thought I would enjoy an RPG style farmer game, I have lots of options weather it is to create a plant produce only farm, animals, focusing on the towns people or even mining.I instantly became addicted, very heartwarming game probably the best I've come across in years - simple and fun, worth every penny!"
76561198050816803,Recommended,413150,22833060,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dirty Sancha,"I've played this game about 55 or 60 hours I think, but the impressive thing is how recently I bought it.  In an age of frilly 3-d games with streamlined yawner gameplay this is a jewel.  I wish major dev.s and publishers could institute gameplay as well as rpg depth like this one-man dev. team has done.  Imagine a Skyrim that hadn't streamlined for the masses but had instead instituted fishing and more.  I love my pretty 3-d games with nude mods and such, but this game has me hooked.  And as if the depth and cheap price wasn't enough, this winner also has a lot of community mods that are easy peasy to install so you can have nude sprites and portraits and/or gameplay changes as well.  Just an overall burgeoning masterpiece, (as this dev. is still adding content!)"
,Recommended,413150,22833271,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,QueenEnderina,I cannot express my love for this game. AMAZING. (That was still not enough.)It is amazing.
,Recommended,413150,22835083,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dread Captain May,"I was a huge fan of Harvest Moon growing up. Something about the game just worked for me, and I couldn't put it down.This game took me back to those days, and for five straight hours I played this game like it was my job.If you enjoy Harvest Moon, you'll enjoy this, and the farming is only a single facet of how great this game is."
,Recommended,413150,21846952,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Godzilla,"I just can't stop playing this game, its addicting yet so simple."
76561198055506429,Recommended,413150,22243420,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,MagnaFlux,"Where did all my time go? I dunno man, but I gotta get back to the mines"
76561198073708756,Recommended,413150,21958072,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Raspberry Lemonade,"I am a longtime Harvest Moon fan and came across this game not long ago. I dare say it's highly addictive and causes far less interaction with the real world than Harvest Moon. You've got farming, mining, adventure, romance, mystery, and a number of other things I've yet to experience. Plus, there's more that's yet to be added. I'm overwhelmed by how much I just want to sit on my butt and play this game instead of dealing with my real life. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but it's definitely my crack. 11/10 might die playing."
76561198060741578,Recommended,413150,22816747,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ScarletReptile,This is an amazing game. If you love Harvest Moon then you definately want to check this out.
,Recommended,413150,22823862,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cass,Such a great game. I've watched so many people play this and finally decided to buy it. I've never been addicted to any game more than I have with this one. It blows my mind that just one guy devolped this game; it's truly amazing. If you don't have this game by now I don't know what you're doing with your life because you certainly need to buy it. You won't be disappointed. I promise.
76561198058419919,Recommended,413150,22824124,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Mikes Hard Lemonade,"This game is as close to perfect as you can possibly get, you could spend countless hours in this game.Relaxing gameplay but extremely fun, you feel a genuine sense of achievement from doing pretty much everything in the game.10/10 buy it now, don't wait for a sale, just buy it now!"
,Recommended,413150,21513428,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Suisei,"This game is simply amazing. As someone who's had a hard time getting into Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing, this game  is so satisfying to me. There's just so much stuff to do in the game!"
76561198099750091,Recommended,413150,22843818,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Archon,Stardew Valley is a fun game
76561198079435173,Recommended,413150,22837597,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Crab Dumpster,"Way  better than actual farming.Throwback graphics that are cute but not kitschy, lots of skill try and mini-game options, surprising amount of content, and fun mysteries that spin themselves out over time. If you are a collector/completionist, this is your crack.You might have to start a WoW account to cure your Stardew Valley addiction."
,Recommended,413150,22890023,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Crystal,"This is my first time reviewing a game on Steam; perhaps that's because no game has captured my eye and my heart like Stardew Valley. I admit I only downloaded recently, so I didn't experience the game's rise to greatness, but I absolutely adore the current build's art and mechanics. This game is honest and sweet with endearing characters and a down-to-earth setting. Players will remember Harvest Moon, if they every played it, but be hugely impressed with this game's potential. As the main protagonist, you are a simple farmer. You make money by growing seasonal crops and/or maintaining animals. As the story progresses, you find yourself making friends, gaining a reputation, and even making a moral choice in the lovely rural Pelican Town. You can have a husband/wife and start a family, upgrade your house and farm buildings, and restore an old building to its former greatness with the help of the adorable forest spirits. Whether you farm, fish, or forage, Stardew Valley is bound to bring you joy. I have seriously no-lifed this game so hard- it is the happiest most precious game in my Steam library. Play it on a rainy day with a blanket and a cup of hot chocolate; there's no rush at all."
,Recommended,413150,22874468,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,MushroomMan854,This game was made by one man..... ONE MAN
,Recommended,413150,22874522,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Neuroplasticity,"What I love about Stardew Valley is that it's a laid-back game where you're not stressing over grinding or progression.  The way you play is at your own pace.  One day I may greet my neighbors, the next I'll pass the time going fishing, may be tomorrow I'll explore the mines... or I'll just tend to my farm animals & sleep in today.Then as the seasons go by, you'll be struck with awe how beautiful your farm becomes."
,Recommended,413150,22874607,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,FURHAVENBURGER,"I love this game so very much. Amazing level of detail. I loved games like C&C, Harvest moon (snes) and sim city 2000 growing up and this game just does it for me. From what I've seen from other people, if you really love pokemon type games, then stardew might NOT be to your liking. Its a spread sheet and distant planing type game, not a grind combat to get better at grinding combat game. Thats not an insult, just shows which side of the fence this game is in. And yes, there is grinding, but its the kind I enjoy. With planing and deadication, you can max out all stats to lvl 10 fairly easily in the 2 in game years. Or dont and only just fish, or mine, or fight, or farm, or forage, or hangout at the bar. What you wish to do is your choice."
76561198271988344,Recommended,413150,22873327,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,purplemelody4,"This is the most addictive game I've ever played. Enough said,"
76561198128506170,Recommended,413150,22878609,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,a sideways mob,good remake of a classic
76561198056607563,Recommended,413150,23908400,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,RoyalTard,Hooked from hour 1
,Recommended,413150,22806807,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,IXI Solar IXI,The dealer: SteamThe addict: YOUThe Crack: Starview Valley10/10 would recomend to children
76561198091782220,Recommended,413150,21938513,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,De Dank Dooku,"I made my alarm 2 hours early just to play this game in the morning.If that doesn't show how good the game is, what will11/10"
,Recommended,413150,23933232,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,May,BEST. GAME. EVER.
76561198041871511,Recommended,413150,23843512,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jeffyboyy,"Stardew Valley. My new favourite game! This game is one of a kind in my eyes. I know I've only played for 4 hours, but already I can see the direction of the story, and it's making me want to play it so much more!In most games that are semi-similiar to this one, I find that they try to cram to much content to try and give the user lots of things to do, and end up making it too complicated and frusterating for the user. This game addresses that hurdle perfectly by making a straight forward set of content, and changing little parts of it here and there to make it seem like there's always something to do - which there is!Without spoiling the main plot of the game, you wake up each day to a new activity, a new mission, or new oppurtunities. You just have to try it to understand!The music is absolutely wonderful in this game. The music is extremely relaxing, the sounds are cute, and the characters are all different so you can relate to one or more.I would recommend this to any of my friends, and I can't wait to continue playing this wonderful game."
76561198079701238,Recommended,413150,23912158,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,NemoXIV,"If you liked the older Harvest Moon Games (e.g. Friends of Mineral Town, Harvest Moon DS, etc.) PLAY THIS GAME!It has all the charm and nostalgia those games had plus a lot of new features that will get you hooked immediately and you will not want to stop playing."
76561198127083486,Recommended,413150,23777068,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TigressQueen,"I love this game!!! I give this game 10 out of 5 stars.Definitely, worth the price and it has easily made it into my favorite games! I could write a long elaborate review, but what I was to say is not a penny wasted on this game!"
,Recommended,413150,23885462,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Farmboy,"I got 1 word... WOWA few hours into the game and I am impressed, A LOT !So if you are in to your typical farming games like Farmville, Farmtown, Royal Story and so on then you will love this BUT It's more than a farm game, it has some very interresting and intriguing side quests, a very good Fishing mechanic and a great social side as well. Not to mention it's the only place some of you reading this will ever find a spouse :P .The game changes as the seasons do, from crops & fruit trees to fish and crustaceans. There are a lot of items and produce to craft ingame and a lot of fun minigames, there are also fun festivals that changes the game up a bit.I will definately recommend this game to anyone who asks me if it's a good game, because it's an AMAZING game.---------------------------------Some issues I have in the game.1. The ambient sounds are sometimes a bit overwhelming.2. Winters feel a bit boring, even though it gives you time to socialise more and focus other skills I find myself going to bed with more than half my energy bar still full which never happens in other seasons because there is simply too much work :DMy Rating 8/10---------------------------------A special thanks to my friend Skurcey for recommending this game to me. :D"
,Recommended,413150,23876188,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[SiN]Doc Omally(Pylon),Very mellow and VERY addictive.
,Recommended,413150,23823482,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Max,I love this game. It's just awesome. Recommend it 10/10.
76561198157304149,Recommended,413150,23825529,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,zcchen,"Good game, but always jump out under Windows 10 x64."
76561198042075559,Recommended,413150,23885470,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Rinjai,"Ok lets get one thing right out in the open. Some people say this game is slow and tiedious, not able to get you hooked quickly or intrest you. Hello, earth to readers. That's what farming is, a slow process that allows you to build up to something better. Seads don't grow into crops over night and while yes, it may take some time the enjoyment of this game is seeing something so small grow into something a lot bigger. I 100% recomend this game not only on it's stelar game play but also the sense of accomplishment it gives you when compleating something."
,Recommended,413150,23888243,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[USSR] Stacy's Dad,"It's like Harvest Moon for PC, combined with one of the best video game OSTs I've heard."
76561198044728793,Recommended,413150,23850936,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rieae,"This is a terrible game! It's what all the Harvest Moon fans who have now grown up a bit more are craving. It's a time eating device that makes you more interested in making lovely recipes and friends, more than the ones pressing their noses up against your window pining for you to come outside. You start to think ""Hmm... I don't shower in game. I don't need to shower out of the game!"" When you finally pry yourself out of the butt groove on your computer chair and see real sunlight you realise you may be blind from actual UV and suddenly have the urge to garden vegetables that will get you some gold coins."
,Recommended,413150,23864707,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fältmarskalk saft och bulle,"Pros:*The soundtrack*The 2D design*Interessting events*Alot of unlockable areas*Character diversity*Rewards strategy of farmingCons:*Lack of quicksave, this can be very scary for people who might need to leave the computer fast but has made alot of progress.*Cut scenes sometimes leaves you in an awkard postition after it has ended, wich can make you dissoriented.My own opinions*The character portraits are really ugly sometimes. This can be fixed with mods.*Abit too cheap on the inventory space.Score:9/10"
,Recommended,413150,23843526,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dubu,Very relaxing game
,Recommended,413150,23851801,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Charlotte G,"I have plunged so many hours into this game already and wow nowhere near completion but the point? I'm so happy. This is one of my favourite games I have ever played, there is so many aspects to it and there is always something to do. I'm not the usual Harvest moon sorta lover but this game has changed everything.Buy it, full price or sale and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,413150,23853915,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Otter,"Bought it, then played for 10 hours straight so I would definitely have to recommend it. If you want a nice slow, easy going, calming game where you tend a little farm in a quaint little village, with some lite-rpg elements, then you should totally buy it. If that doesn't sound that great, I would still recommend you pick it up, I mean my most played games are CSGO, TF2 and CoD, and I have absolutely fallen in love with this game."
,Recommended,413150,30802862,Posted: 28 March,all,SCUM NATH,Winter is coming....
,Recommended,413150,30805480,Posted: 28 March,all,Nova912,100% loved it!
76561198043007563,Recommended,413150,23877560,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lillychan,"thinking of remodeling farm... so far better than the harvest moon franchise. A bit comparable to rune factory, but more freedom.... FAAAAAR more freedom."
,Recommended,413150,24120645,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Babirusas,"I definitely recommend buying this game! I bought it during a sale but 110% think it is worth the normal price. I enjoy it immensely and like that I can either play for either 15 minutes or for hours at a time. I personally have no complaints (I even enjoy the fishing mechanic which seems to be a hit-or-miss with people).I felt I was able to dive into it immediately and found it pretty straightforward, but people do complain at the lack of explanations or tutorials in the beginning. Game play can be a bit limited at first due to energy constraints and not having updated tools. Some of the characters can be a bit abrasive or aloof which can make them appear shallow or undeveloped. However the more you play, the more you can do— including unlocking areas to explore and tools to use. The more you talk to the characters or give them gifts, the more they open up and admit to be dealing with realistic problems such as dealing with the loss of a loved one or depression, or even just trying to admit they have a crush on another character. I personally find the characters to be very endearing and complex. The characters do have varying schedules depending on the season or day, so they do feel as if they are not predictable or robotic (which does mean shopkeepers or the doctor can be who knows where when you want or need them, which can be negative to some).To optimize your experience, I find it very important to befriend and maintain relationships within the game, work on the community center, upgrading your tools, and to keep game play well-rounded (i.e. not focusing purely on just raising animals, farming, mining, or fishing, but doing all of them) to ensure everything is unlocked and you get a taste of everything the game has to offer."
76561198092457937,Recommended,413150,24121954,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,trfvoid,"One of the daily quest is shown as follows:""I need a diamond to rub my sore head. Please bring one as soon as you can!""-Alex (A male teenager/adolecent jock)10/10 would rub my own head with diamond to relieve sore head."
76561198131723107,Recommended,413150,24162752,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,stubbs0917,"I'm a big fan of the Harvest Moon series, so I gave Stardew Valley a shot. I was not disapointed! This game has kept me entertained for hour's! I'm finishing up my first year and I feel like there is so much for me to do still. In Harvest Moon you can level up and complete a big chunk in one year. In this game much more complex. I also like the light combat that this game throws in. Very fun game, I definetly recommend this game! Have fun guys."
,Recommended,413150,24159548,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Putin,"I love this game so much. It is a bit grindy as you have to wait to collect money and produce, but this game is definitely worth the wait. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,24160538,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Valentine,"1. You try farming until fat in 3 season2.You make every townspeople love you3.You become popular casanova4.Mistakenly give boquet to male candidate5.Walk into random scene, and trigger the male ending6.Immidietly regret your decision, thus your character have become bisex15/10 RECOMENDED TO PLAY UNTIL DROP"
76561198110725258,Recommended,413150,24160649,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Topsty,"I bought this game awhile ago on the whim that it was just more than a Harvest Moon Rip-off and i was actually pretty satisfied with the game. The story, the graphical design, and quests are the real cream of the crop (:3) of this game. There's always something to do everyday and always never enough time of the day to do them all which. But every rose has a thorn and that mainly lies in its endgame. Once you've finished everything there is to do, everything else is a chore to do. Whats the point of growing crops when youre already richer than Steve Jobs, when you've completed the Community Center and practically force-fed your love interest with bouquets by the dozen. Ive spent ALOT of time, just binge-playing the game, completely wrapped around Stardew Valley's finger and when i was finished i felt the incredible wave of boredom. Sure you can take the game on a different path but ultimately you'll find yourself repetitivly doing the same task over and over again.If you do buy this gme, and i highly reccomend it, take your time. Unless repetitvity is your fetish by all means :)"
76561198232719112,Recommended,413150,24158758,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,erila_pook,"Good game, full of challenges to overcome to make your farm a success. I liked that the villagers had hidden depths as you got to know them better, it made the game that much better, richer.The only thing I don't like is that once you've played a lot and are on your third year or so, there's so much less to do. We've been told there's an update going to happen, however it hasn't come about yet.All in all, I would recommend. Well worth the money to buy."
76561198094936576,Recommended,413150,24172649,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cyborg Kaleb,Abigail craves that Mineral.
,Recommended,413150,24172594,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,d3adc0d3,"This game is addictive; I swear its worse than meth. I started playing and all I wanted to do was keep going. There is a lot of content, and a lot to do. End game can be made more interesting, by making personal goals and beautifying your farm estate. There's a ton of ""collections"" you can try and complete, and other hidden gems that allow for a lot of additional gameplay end game.There's a decent mod community starting up as well; mostly cosmetic mods, but can be fun. I can't wait for multiplayer."
,Recommended,413150,24112230,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,r4xe,100/10
76561198002525887,Recommended,413150,25309542,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Nattio,"Nostalgia for the win!!!I have been waiting almost 20 years for this game and I didn't even know it.  I didn't know about this game until its release date and I almost didn't pay any attention to it... but I am sure glad I did.  This game is everything I ever wanted in HM from way back in the day. The attention to detail and the character envolvement is delightful. I would recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of HM or RF. This game won't disappoint. Also the creator, ConcernedApe, is a breath of fresh air in this world of cash grab game designers."
,Recommended,413150,25532686,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,sevenmemesofrhye,"So, Stardew Valley. I saw this game on youtube, and for a while this game sat on my wishlist. I finally decided to get it, and I'm glad I did.Stardew Valley is very much inspired by games like Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing. Avoiding some story spoilers here, your character runs a farm in Pelican Town. You can tend to your farm, raise livestock, go mining, talk to people and become their friends, get married and have kids, go fishing, go foraging, and so much more!I've spent near 200 hours on this (well actually slightly less because sometimes I tab out and do something else while I leave it running in the background) and right now I'm in the summer of my 4th year. I'm sure I'm gonna spend a lot more time playing it, especially once the 1.1 update drops.Pros:-Fun-Laid-back, for the most part-Has cute, retro-y graphics-At least 100 hours of content, and even more once 1.1 dropsCons:-Can get very tedious (mainly when grinding in the mines, or planting a huge crop on your farm)-Once you end up with a lot of money, there's not a lot to do with it (although ConcernedApe has said that there will be more buildings and some more expensive stuff in the update)Overall, I really recommend this game. Just make sure you have lots of free time!"
,Recommended,413150,21532892,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pocketknife,A worthy successor to the old console Harvest Moon games.
,Recommended,413150,25551209,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Maxtablook,"I LOVE this game so much. I've played for over 3 solid days at this point (nonconsecutively) and I'm still not bored of it. The control works great, the vibrant colors look amazing, and the people are interesting and three-dimensional. The Winter season gets a little stale because you can't grow anything (which isn't good for a farming game), but there's enough to do that you won't get bored. Can't wait until update 1.1!"
,Recommended,413150,22162386,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SnapOfGinger,"Just like Harvest Moon... But not.Looking for a game like Harvest Moon on the PC has been something I've done for a little over a year now, I stumbled upon Stardew Valley in the steam store before it came out and while looking at the screenshots, and reading about it, I thought it would be to good to be true.Boy was I wrong.In my hesitation to buy this game I watched a handful of various youtube videos of gameplay, falling in love with the art style, the characters that inhabited the enviorment and the relationships you are meant to build with them. After much thought and plenty of videos, I decided to buy the game. I jumped right in and knew exactly what to do, making my character and starting my farm, meeting the people within the village. I found myself playing this game for the whole day without notice when I got it and I haven't found a game that really drew me in like this one did. It is very addicting but so super soothing and a game that just puts a smile on my face with its music, atmosphere, and characters.Sure there are a few things that might not be perfect about this game to many people but this game no doubt captured my heart in a way I thought never possible.If you are having any hesitation in buying this game, afraid it's a game that is much more enjoyable to watch someone play, I assure you, It's worth every cent. Playing for yourself is magical and you can focus on the skills you feel the need to. I love this game so much."
,Recommended,413150,27779147,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nucky,"A farming simulator similar to Harvest Moon but with role-playing elements in its interesting sub-story. It has a great soundtrack; seasonal weather, crops and events; and is relaxing which helps counter the repetitive nature of this type of game. The fishing mechanics are poor but other than that, its a fun game."
76561198051132553,Recommended,413150,23434337,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Samtheman146,"I bought this game and began playing at midnight, by the time i decided to look up and see what time it was the sun had risen.10/10 This game is going to ruin my life"
,Recommended,413150,23221656,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Julian,"I was addicted to Harvest Moon when I was a young, often playing it on whatever console it came out on.This is Harvest Moon, and so, so much more.+There are some other games that try to give out that Harvest Moon farming genre thing to the PC, and this game does it the best and even adds a lot more. Starting off like the HM games, it gives you a plot of land that's a complete mess of weeds, wood and stone, and gives you freedom to place buildings, crops, fences and so much more onto the field. I'm VERY obsessed about making my farm look as amazing as possible, and get jealous of those who pull it off very well.+The developer is also very passionate about this game really wants to improve it overtime, adding updates even after it's release. Cool new stuff coming soon, according to the dev. Can't wait!-The part that I'm finding very discomforting is some of the dialogue. Part of it is awkward, but that may be me and my high expectations of dialogue after playing tons of HM and it's spin-off Rune Factory. The developer is actually improving the dialogue (especially for marriage) and this negative part of my review may even be obsolete after a month or so!Definitely a recommend for those who can spare the time, and trust me, this game will suck up all of your free time."
76561198127813441,Recommended,413150,23184278,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Jacobcold,Fun to play on long car rides
,Recommended,413150,23572441,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,shanaqui,"I love Stardew Valley. It's basically like Harvest Moon/Rune Factory, but it's less heteronormative (virtually nothing genders you in the game, except the changing room at the spa, and you can date any of the dateable characters). There's just enough to do to keep things interesting, and the NPCs have enough of a story behind them that you can like and dislike them, form opinions, root for them, etc.And you try descending 20 mine levels in a day and then dying on the 21st, losing all your best items and your progress, and still say it's saccharine. Arghh!"
,Recommended,413150,23719365,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Amerallies,>Gets a cute wallpaper for the bedroom>Sam decides to change the wallpaper>A year passes>Gets a cute wallpaper for the kids bedrooom>Sam decides to change the wallpaper>He asks me if it looks good>Never finds the cute wallpapers ever again>Life ruined.10/10 will never will give my virtual husband gifts anymore
,Recommended,413150,23718544,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,kapr,"I love this game. I definiently recommend it to the fans of Harvest Moon, etc. And the mods.. Ahhhh.. The Mods..."
,Recommended,413150,23748586,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Watermelon,"This game, i would pay 30 dollars for it. Its that good"
76561198053269674,Recommended,413150,23762245,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Karlsson i rullstol,"A game for the people that think, potato is life."
76561198224361180,Recommended,413150,23775398,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,windygangster,"Addictive game with fun and never ending tasks. I've taken a break from it as other fun games are coming out, but when COOP is introduced (it's in development), I can't wait to jump right back in with a friend! Fun and worth it (also addicting)."
76561198065548374,Recommended,413150,23776640,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pezcontainer,"Animal crossing, Harvest moon, satan's glory, and a SLIGHT touch of classic legend of zelda combat. ""What was that middle thing"" Uhhh harvest moon... (Great game must buy)"
76561198194762553,Recommended,413150,21990915,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,crazytaco1995,Love it
,Recommended,413150,23675177,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Moo Ze Dong,"Oh my god! This game surely took Steam by storm. I have spent so much time on this. I love it. Sure, there isn't as much content as I thought but it's great."
76561197991782448,Recommended,413150,22074937,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,BeeHole,Reminds of the goold ol Harvest Moon days
,Recommended,413150,23704358,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,KJM,"This game is so immersive and fun, There is really nothing you cant do in the small community you live in and it never really gets boring, the farming is fun, mining is fun, and anything else in the game is really overall fun. Also with this new co op update that is coming out it should make it 10x better"
,Recommended,413150,23704823,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Razonix,"I usually wait for the Steam sales before I purchase any game but this one was certainly a major exception for me. I was first introduced to this genre by playing ""Harvest Moon"" but I must confess that it was kinda boring and redundant for me. Well, that until I've browsed for similar titles and discovered ""Rune Factory"". After that one things started to get interesting, although in my modest opinion the second game had way too many grinding to handle. Well, back to Stardew Valley, this game really managed to assemble the essence of these two titles in a much more interesting way. Of course, there's still a whole lot of grinding but it's just enough to keep you motivated to try all the possibilities, such as designing a plan for the ""perfect farm"" (especially because you have much more freedom to plan), going into adventures, meeting new people... The graphics are great the way they are, the soundtrack is really cool, the story is very captivating and everything was developed by only one person! Bravo, man! Ah, of course, there're the achievements and the trading cards available, so it's another major thumbs up for this game. If you're into the tycoon genre, I definitely recommend you this game."
,Recommended,413150,21928735,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,rose-coffee,"Such a fun and relaxing game, definitely worth playing over and over again."
,Recommended,413150,22654216,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,basturd,"Easily the most addictive and satisfying game I've bought in the past couple of years. Well thought out, fun, and simultaneously easy and challenging without being frustrating. Highly recommended if you like things like Minecraft or Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon."
,Recommended,413150,23754706,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hiru,"Came for level ups and money (you know, the RPG stuff), stayed for the relationships. The townspeople really make you feel a part of the game and that immersion is what reeled me in. Also modding, love games with a big modding community to keep things fresh."
,Recommended,413150,22343125,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,rlinn,"I enjoy this game all the time, definitely worth to spend time to the game, I wish to get more cut scenes in the future update."
,Recommended,413150,23453242,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MrTheLuke,I stumbled onto this game and fell... I must've dropped my life because I lost it. 11/10
,Recommended,413150,23716252,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,james22402,Why are you reading this? Get this game!
,Recommended,413150,23864285,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Calvin,Awesome game.
,Recommended,413150,22109325,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,DanixKm,"So on Friday my cable decided to break leaving me with a tinted bluey/green screen. Since I wasn't really feeling like playing one of my faves with that tint, I decided to take advantage of the fact a friend was away and see what he had I could just have a little try of (the family library share way) to see if there'd be anything I'd like to wishlist or buy at some point.Seeing Stardew valley I decided to give it a go for a few minutes since I'd heard a lot about it and was quite curious on it (Just a few minutes right? Who wants to play a game with a weird greeny blue tint! I'mma just going to see what it's like) install, load it up, start playing...""This is kinda fun..."" those few minutes pass and I decide to play a little more...then a little more...Bit more... the lack of none blue colours wasn't phasing me at all with how fun it was. Few more minutes... One more day... I started playing at 6pm and ended up sleeping at 7am... Needless to say I'd fallen in love and purchased it for myself.So now I finally have colour and decided to write a little review recommending this game.This is a fantastic game that I truly can't recommend enough. There are endless hours on content to be enjoyed. On the outside it might look like a simple little farming game but there is so much more to it than that (actually pretty sure you could play this game and really enjoy it even if you never plant and harvest anything) Festivals, mining, combat, fishing, building up a social circle, foroging, raising animals, producing things like cheese, mayonaise, honey etc.The colours are beautiful (yay for working wires!) the graphics and design and adorable, smooth gameplay and it's so damn addictive.Now if you'll excuse me, I have to prepare for winter."
,Recommended,413150,23883380,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pandorinhah,Rly nice game <3
76561198101521964,Recommended,413150,23876320,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Daks,"So my friend and I had got this game a while ago.We started playing around 6.Time passes.Checks time.It's 11.""It's fine, we got time.""More time passes.Checks time.It's 3.&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥we have school in 2 hours."""
,Recommended,413150,21652949,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TheDanMonster,"Listen up ya primative screwheads. This game is legit. Easily one of the best games I've played in years. It's an amalgamation between Harvest Moon and Recettear. It balances farming, with social interaction and adventure. I find myself loving the dungeon crawling - and just do a minimal amount of farming. It's balance of repetition is good, though at times, still feels a bit routine. Nevertheless, that is absolutely expected in a game like this and I rather enjoy shutting off my brain while slowly making progress on my own time. There are interesting fantasy elements that I absolutely love.I do have an issue with CPU optimization. I rock an i7-6770k with 32GB ram and 980ti GPU. This game maxes out core-1 at 100% and will occassionally cause some jittering. It's not a deal breaker, but can sometimes get annoying. I prefer this with a mouse and keyboard, but will occasionally use SBP with a steam controller - it works fine."
76561198068924215,Recommended,413150,21790600,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Flexiled,Do it
76561198061990435,Recommended,413150,23635906,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,bigdommer,"This game is amazing, it is exactly like harvest moon: back to nature (which was amazing) only better because there's a bit more content.  Also with all the new mods out adding content it just keeps getting better.  If they get this multiplayer up and running I'm gonna lose my mind!  But seriously buy this game, it is worth it at any pricepoint."
,Recommended,413150,22312061,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Indigo,Fun
,Recommended,413150,23661373,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Griff,Buy this
,Recommended,413150,23661946,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dingus,Good game. Lots of cool features! I hope to see some online Co-op of this game. I think it would prove rather intresting.
,Recommended,413150,23662852,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,captain planet,good game if you like games like harvest moon
,Recommended,413150,23607411,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Starman,Found love in Stardew ValleyTook care of wife and kid for hours onto weeks onto months and yearsForgot I had a real wife and kid and now divorced.11/10 Stardew Valley is now my life
,Recommended,413150,23696019,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Kooterpounder,"It's like nostalgia came from the 90's and slapped me with a ps1.If you enjoyed harvest moon, you will enjoy this."
76561198058384400,Recommended,413150,23694335,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Best Guy,"Stardew Valley: The addictive farming simulatorWhen i first saw this game i looked at it and immediately thought ""Pokemon"" as the visual style is very similar but this game couldn't be further from those little critters that dwell in those shiny red orbs. It has the capability to keep you at your computer long into the night with a very ""achievement based"" gameplay drive.I say ""Achievement based"" because this game will throw you straight into a storyline which although is very cliche to begin with it really has you going for the end goal. The end goal being ""restoring the community centre"" (no spoilers!). Although that did have been playing until 3am to collect that certain fish theres so many little things in this game that will make you smile and make you try everything out to level up your character, get that achievement or just generally make a huge farm!With elements of fighting, fishing, farming, socialising, mining and many events to visit this game has so much to it and you will definitely get your moneys worth if you buy it.Would recommend :)"
,Recommended,413150,21841572,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Luke The Person,"I really don't think a game like this can get better. Yes there are some proublems here and there but its nitpicky. If you like super chill and calm games, then this is for you.P.S. If you ever get bored, just download some mods."
,Recommended,413150,23644229,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Enie,"amazing game I love the modding community and vanilla was amazing as well, this is a great game to waist a few hours when youre waiting for another download or update <3"
,Recommended,413150,21897717,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,plat,It's good.
,Recommended,413150,21750765,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,DrenchedDawn,Yupp... I'm addicted.
76561198231322308,Recommended,413150,21819357,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Horus556,missing textures after five minutes of playingi really want to play this game cmon
,Recommended,413150,21827996,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,cere4lkill3r,"BUY IT, SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR LIFE. ACCEPT YOUR FARMING OVERLORDS. GIVE THIS CONCERNED APE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY."
,Recommended,413150,21827588,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Call Me Al,Easily the most fun I've had playing a game in years. I'm about 40 hours in and there's still that sense of having so much more stuff left to find. Absolutely wonderful.
,Recommended,413150,21645167,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[FILF] Korishiva,"This game.... I LOVE IT!This takes me back to the first Harvest Moon game I ever played; More friends of Mineral Town. I remember I sat up night after night playing that game, just like I'm currently doing with this xDI haven't finished the first year yet, but I'm loving this game already!The farming is plain and simple, just like in the HM games, combat is pretty cool as well, every ""skill"" (foraging, fihing, farming, etc) has an interesting, yet simple, leveling system adding replay value, and the fishing can be rally hard x)You can romance, like in the HM games, but it's actually more interesting than in the HM games I've played. Sequences with choices that may effect the outcome, and sometimes a rating for how well you did afterwards :p Adding even more replay value!I rarely write reviews on Steam (got my blogg for that), but this is such a good game it really deserves it! And the creator of this game should be proud of this, it's a really good and addicting game!I highly recommend it, especially if you like the Harvest Moon or Rune Factory series!"
,Recommended,413150,21774034,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Pilgrims Process,"I bought this game cause a friend was buying it and told me it was eventually gonna have multiplayer, so I bought it expecting to play a bit here and there, and then get more into it when multiplayer came out.  Instead I am 27 hours in and have barely scratched the surface of potential the game has.Boy I think about it every night and dayI'm addicted and I just can't get enough"
,Recommended,413150,21825006,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Raikazu,"Stardew Valley is an exceptional farming sim in the same vein as Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing and Rune Factory. The pixel art style suits the game really well and the mechanics for every aspect of the game work well. The quality of this game is on par with what you would expect from any of its inspirations and is an absolute steal for the price."
,Recommended,413150,21661544,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ann,"I have played nearly 50 hours of this game since it came out. It's relaxing, fun, and worth every penny of the price. I'd write more, but to be honest, I'd rather be playing the game! :-)"
76561198060145987,Recommended,413150,21508696,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,pyrotess001,"It's similar to Rune Factory and Harvest moon, with the collecting aspect of Animal Crossing. That being said those games understood that the span of the world needed to be smaller so you can actually get things done. It takes most of the day to get from one area to another, so you really have to alot your time to one craft a day. Want to mine? That's all your doing for that day. Try staying up through the night and you pass out. It's a beating that you have to run everywhere, and still waste time getting from point A to B.While the timing is way off, the farming is enjoyable. I don't really like not being able to talk to one person a day just once. It makes the game feel lonely. But if you have money and time to blow, it's not a bad time waster of a game. I still prefer Rune Factory."
76561198031665861,Recommended,413150,21805692,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Morbo,"Without any doubt, recommended."
,Recommended,413150,21776483,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,That Gay Shit,An absolutely spectacular game if you love the harvest moon franchise.
76561198012001855,Recommended,413150,21811191,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,~ yeee,can't stop playing this game -_-it's too good
76561198020887863,Recommended,413150,21623530,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dee New,I forgot to donate food for the soup luau. The govener thought it was bland and made the mayor cry. 10/10 would be a soup failure again.
76561197995741865,Recommended,413150,21734313,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Antman,"The Feel-Good Life-Sim Indie Hit Everyone Is Raving AboutStardew Valley is one of the most enjoyable and heartwarming games I've ever played. It's a laid back game that encourages you to forge your own path. It does not have hard goals that you must meet to make progress in the game. In fact, progress is what you make of it, which is why the game is so engaging.You'll find there's so much to do in the game that you'll be squeezing as much as you can out of every single day. Whether it's growing and cultivating your farm, fishing off the coast, exploring through the mines, or befriending your npc neighbors, you will always have something that you want to do, something you are aiming for. It constantly gives you that ""one more day feel"" akin to how Civilization makes you want to play just one more turn.Most people are comparing this game to Harvest Moon (which I have not played.) I see elements of Animal Crossing, Minecraft, Terraria, etc. If you like any of those games, you'll almost certainly like Stardew Valley.Also, I wouldhighly recommend not using a wiki for this game.It's frightening how quickly wiki's of brand new games pop up chock-full of information. While it may be tempting to sift through wiki's and guides, I'd recommend against it as I've had a blast discovering things on my own. I did feel a bit overwhelmed after the game's introductions, but I feel like it probably has made the game more enjoyable than if I went ahead and spoiled myself on gameplay elements, story elements, etc."
,Recommended,413150,21841133,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/copke46,Video games are bad for you they said..Selling your soul for anything is bad they said..I got this 3 days ago and I already have 18 hours.help
76561198084542398,Recommended,413150,21842776,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,KingSolomon,"Love this game. Its addicting and very fun. I love the quality of the game, the seasons and everything about it. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,413150,21696648,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Nall,FARM LIFE.
,Recommended,413150,21677401,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Davgar,"I've been waiting for this type of game to come to PC for a very, very long time and I couldn't be more impressed with it. I hope more games like Harvest Moon pop up that are actually worth buying like this one."
,Recommended,413150,21722438,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Antie,"Cheap, and VERY VERY FUN game, I loved it so hard"
,Recommended,413150,21973651,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kevin,"Best game I've discovered in the last year by FAR. No joke, I've been neglecting almost everything else in my life to play this game even the happy woman in my life... 50 hours in like a week? You could take every game out of my Steam library and leave me with this and I would be happy. It's got friendships, relationships, fishing, mining, quests, combat... It seems almost endless."
,Recommended,413150,21963112,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,(KTA) Skip,"AMazing game, scratches all the right itches. Played it 11 hours the first day I played it"
,Recommended,413150,30675970,Posted: 22 March,all,madisondaoutlaw,"11/10, would spend way too much time looking for the last four artifacts and painstakingly buying friends via gifts again"
76561198115397887,Recommended,413150,21996264,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Blacklist07,"Since everyone already talk about the features of the game, i guess i should talk on how the game could imporve better. (Note: i do agree this is a really great game and i am glued to it) but i do think there is space for improvements.Suggestions (if the devs are reading this or someone tell the devs about this.):Add a multiplayer system (a host farm owner and other players as visitors (brothers, sisters or cousins anything is a good reason) (buff for visitors townspeople friendships do not decay towards them (since they only the host farmer can play the save file anytime they want)add a letter writting feature to your mom. It is sad that she sends you stuff and you could not even write a single letter to her. :(and maybe a memory bank for every letter you have gotten, it is hard to always remember stuff when you can read a letter only once.But that is all i can say which is able to be improved with the game. All the rest are positves that other people have given and i do agree (most of them ) .Note to devs: Thanks for making this game. :)"
,Recommended,413150,22004153,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,FifthSong,"Stardew Valley is a Massively Multiplayer FPS game released in 2009 by Mountain Dew Studios, to promote their new flavour of Mountain Dew; Star flavour.After playing more than 100 hours of Stardew Valley, I have essentially accomplished nothing, because I completely fell in love with Penny, and have since become unhealthily obsessed with her pixelated beauty, but much like in real life, all the girls in Stardew Valley utterly loathe me, and want nothing to do with me.At one point in my first playthrough which was about 60hrs in, my entire save file disappeared after a random crash on the save screen, which basically left me bed-ridden for 2 weeks.I am back now and enjoying this game.The only bad thing I have to say about the game, is that it's graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean, I know it was released in 2009, but what the ♥♥♥♥ Mountain Dew? I thought you were better than this.10/10, Abigail is a ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,413150,21708468,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,scrappococo,"i am in love. This is the best game i played in years. It is kind of a animal crossing base. but you can mine , life, love.the addictions are getting real :)"
,Recommended,413150,21912300,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sorrieah,"This game is everything I've been hoping for for the last three years since I learned about it, and more! The only downside to it is that my homework in real life doesn't get done..."
,Recommended,413150,21993247,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Bonnie,I REALLY REALLY LOVE THE GAME.. but i have one suggestion.. please make the bgm loop.. its so lovely and relaxing but it stops at some point.. I REALLY REALLY REALLY LOVE THIS GAME 1000000 STARS
,Recommended,413150,21845291,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Reddy 'Blehfox' Mooniebun,"Here's what you do, buy the game. play it. love it."
,Recommended,413150,21712640,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ronstig,Harvest moon on PC.
,Recommended,413150,21840013,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mawrio,This is the type of game that you look back on and remember how awesome it is.
76561198104850613,Recommended,413150,21612625,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[A],If you want to complete your life. You should try this.
76561198045929896,Recommended,413150,21850688,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Killer Queen,"I would like to preface by saying that I absolutly love this game. The content is overflowing and I feel like I haven't even started digging. This game is the most fun i've had playing video games since Terrarias release a long time ago. That said, this game is not for everyone,I found that this game is extremly hit or miss. If you like this game you will most likely accidently sink hours upon hours accidently into:FarmingFishingMiningTaking care of animalsMaking Friends with VillagersCustomizing your own house/farmThe list goes on. However, if you played a game like Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon and got bored immediatly. This game will most likely rot in your library along with the other 1000 games you still haven't played. For the completionist this game has a million things to do. As of now not every global achievement has been unlocked yet and some people already have 100 hours sunk into this game.With plans to add multiplayer and more content down the line I would declare this a must buy for anyone slightly interested. But if you are thinking ""This game looks boring"" than it probably isn't your cup of tea.9/10"
,Recommended,413150,21975752,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,hlwhitex,"This is an amazing game that's got me addicted. Only buy it if you have time on your hands. I love that there are so many different things to be done in this game. A friend and I bought it at the same time, he took a mining route, I took a social route and we're both loving it equally. Definitely a great game.I love all the characters, and have a weird attachment to pixels now."
76561198040984123,Recommended,413150,21541523,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Xponential Shift,"Stay away from this game if you don't like spending an entire weekend forgetting to eat and sleep. I managed to play for about 30 of my first 48 hours since installing it. I love this game so much and think it is going to me my top game this year.Farming is really fun and I already feel like there is more customization and varieties of play in just this category than ofther similar games that I have played in the past.Fishing is amazing! It is the most entertaining fishing mechanic I have yet to encounter.Mining and Dungeon exploring are super addicting and really drive home that ""just one more level"" feeling.Gathering and exploring are both semi-intuitive in that it will probably take a while before you discover all the hidden locations and mechanics and it open up a ton of new content each time you do.THe main plot re: the community center is really cool so far and really gives a sense of accomplishment and participation in the town.Town events are fun and I regret not delving as deeply into them early on.Social interactions are something I am only starting to explore.I still haven't even begun managing animals on my farm but I am looking forward to trying the mechanic out.The seasons seem well balanced, as does the weather.There are going to be lots of minor and even gam crashing bugs for a bit longer, but that is understandable because the entire game was written by a single developer and this is the first time there has been such a large community playing the game at once.I am super excited to see where things continue from here. Multiplayer is definitely a feature I will look forward to in the distant future.I should probably find out where to report minor and major bugs sometime soon to do my part to help make the game better for the rest of the community.qDefinitely get this game if you have any interest... unless of course you don't want to get sucked in for hours and days... I really wish i didn't have to work this week. :(10/10 stars; even if it did ruin all my weekend plans."
,Recommended,413150,23804117,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mystith,"New in anti-depression technology, Stardew Valley."
76561198058345345,Recommended,413150,23804794,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TheOnlyUnitato,Gives pretty stones to people and they eat them...10/10
76561198119562821,Recommended,413150,23802639,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Humble,Fantastic game if you like farming games like harvest moons you will love this.
,Recommended,413150,24031763,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ShinyZubats,"I've always loved Harvest Moon games, especially the earlier 2-D ones. Friends of Mineral Town is still my favorite Harvest Moon game, and Stardew Valley really feels like a clone of it. Stardew Valley is a game I play in bursts. It takes over my life for weeks at a time, and for such a reasonable price I have gotten so many hours of fun. Winter is the only month that i would like to see more things to do, as it can drag a little bit, but really that isn't a big deal for me. This game will probably be one of my favorites for a long long time."
,Recommended,413150,21869583,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Dolphin Senpai,THIS GAME TOO GOOD.
,Recommended,413150,24049864,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,www.YouTube.com/VoskGaming,Very Nice Best GAME USA
,Recommended,413150,24092143,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AceThat,"Really fun game, recently got it. Played it nonstop. Already have 27.3 hours from 3 days. Really good game. 10/10 would reccomend."
76561198262765382,Recommended,413150,24092344,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,mmccaa,"I bought this game yesterday and I love it so much, it's strangely addicting and I stayed up past 4 AM playing it XD"
76561198006796649,Recommended,413150,24092480,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rockfyst,Fantastic game really satisfies the harvest moon itch. Characters are interesting and the farming is enjoyable. Really relaxing game to play if you are looking for something that can be low stress.
76561198026393308,Recommended,413150,24090163,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TripleR3D,"It's Harvest Moon, but better."
76561197972429764,Recommended,413150,23758863,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Xuincherguixe,"Light hearted and sincere exploration of character.This controls like a 2D zelda game for the most part as you manage a farm. And delve (potentially too deep) into mines and hack apart it's denizens.There's a time management component to this, and you only get to save at the end of each day. It's a little frustrating, but it prevents save scumming and encourages you to git gud.You can give things to other people in the small community, and learn more about them. These stories alone might be reason to play the game.Which is why it's a little dissapointing that you're largely a passive observer in these encounters. You can make choices about how to react in these little cutscenes, but it has little impact. Even most of the changes you make to the town, are largely to your own benefit and don't change the town all that much. Feels like it was a bit of a missed opportunity."
76561198037886873,Recommended,413150,24067332,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Teacup,"Lets just put it in simple terms kI have never played any harvast moon games or any farming type game before. (alot of people compare it to that game)THIS GAME, its rich story and characters combined with its farming/mining/combat or what f-fishing....It is hard to put down and play something else.I truly enjoyed my experience with it, and if you really want something different this is it."
,Recommended,413150,22168216,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TheFjord,All things good.
76561198286788219,Recommended,413150,24055246,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bibblesmom,"This is one of my favorite games to play when i'm bored, or when I just feel like it. Stardew Valley is a simulation game, you get to own a farm, grow crops, have animals, etc. Here is a list of pros and cons:PROS:-SImulation game-RPG-Bunch of secrets-Marry someone-Own a farm-Meet other people-Special Events-Etc.CONS:-NoneSo, in my opinion, this game is very fun to play, and it is worth the money. 10/10 reccomend to anyone who loves simulation/RPG games."
,Recommended,413150,24055593,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,OrangeTaco,"Stardew Valley is a really well put together game that revolves around the basis of farming, but keeps the game fresh by impimenting a well put together storyline that is intriguing and fun, and other skills to master. I spent alot of hours (20 as of now) on my current game and I've bearly scratched the surface of all the things that are in it. While there are of course some problems and bugs in the game, I havent found many. (And several of them are things I hope they don't fix, like how my dog sometimes sleeps on the wall which is quite amusing.) I'm really looking forward to further updates in the story and features of the game, and hope to see them soon."
,Recommended,413150,21489084,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mstboy3k,Fantastic game. I've been wanting a new Harvest Moon style game for awhile and this is definitely a great game in that vein. The characters are diverse and the controls are very intuitive. It excels in a lot of places where the newer Natsume games fall short. Can't recommend enough if this is your kinda thing.
,Recommended,413150,23969499,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Evil Monkey,"Such a delightful game and I just can't get enough of it.  Everything about this game is charming. The soundtrack matches the gameplay wonderfully, and for those that enjoyed playing any of the Harvest Moon games will find this to be a wonderful addition to their collection.The only downside that I can see as a possibility for this game is the lack of an ultimate final goal. There is no final boss... There is no princess to rescue... The game just is. There are plenty of quests to achieve for your neighbors and that does give a feeling of accomplishment. There is plenty to do in this game and it is worth playing if an adventure/farm sim is your kind of game.I give this game a solid 9.5/10."
76561198153307416,Recommended,413150,22274733,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[WICH] The Assassin,"I've been watching this game's development for a while now and, while i've never been a big fan of the harvest moon or rune factory games there was always something so captivating about this game that kept me anxious for it's release be it the simplicity, the beutiful graphics or even just the lovely soundtrack I can say that i am satisfied with the way it is and support it's further development as we await mult-player"
76561198090565286,Recommended,413150,23835136,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wubba dubba dub is that true?,"Although I haven't been playing this game much as recently, I still enjoy it enough to recommend it to  others to try out. So far there is good customization, a few new updates, and interesting character development. The game could use another update for spouses and romantic dialogue, but there is already a new update in progress for two new marriage candidates on the way. Can't wait to see more!"
,Recommended,413150,24035371,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Luna Ishtar,"I played this game sooo much when I first bought, and even after 60+ hours I keep coming back to the game. If you enjoy Harvest Moon, you'll enjoy Stardew Valley :)"
,Recommended,413150,23849125,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,IdleShadows,"It's like skyrim with hoes. And not those kind of hoes, there's mods for that ;)"
,Recommended,413150,22363677,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,M4USIE,"I hesitantly recommend this game. I went into this thinking that it would just be a Harvest Moon rip-off. And while it has many similarities, there is also much more to do. There is more story and more villagers and more to do each day. That being said, it is also up to you (much like Harvest Moon) to simply figure out how everything works. Now, on to why I am hesitant. Fishing is a nightmare, much too hard. But my main complaint is that the last two times I've played, after about a half an hour, my command buttons stop working (in this case, K and L, but they are programmable to any two keys). I am not sure if this is better if I use a controller, but thus far, this has been really disheartening. It forces me to rage quit after a half hour and then it is usually a week before I convince myself to pick it up again. I hope something is released to fix this so I can give it a whole-hearted recommendation. Is this game worth playing? Yes. Is it frustrating? Yes. Feels like it needs a good patch."
76561198052259719,Recommended,413150,24001923,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,OnePunchDoge,"Play this game. Seriously play it. It's life changing.I do nothing but play this game, all day, every day. It has become my second tiny pixel life.I named my horse Banan. Like Banana, without the last A.I am on my 3rd(?) character. I am going after each candidate individualy.The characters are cute, charming and the entire game is cute and charming and wonderful and just go play I swear to god you will love it. I love the tiny apply people."
76561198142609150,Recommended,413150,23995016,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DerpsAhoy,It is a bit unforgiving to new players.
,Recommended,413150,23997604,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zero,"+ A lot of different tasks and goals+ Relaxing atmosphere+ Once you understand the basics, the level of difficulty is perfect+ A lot of different items- No official tutorial, you will need to learn by playing or reading wiki+- Art could be better but it is also what makes the game charming."
76561198068318020,Recommended,413150,23389547,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Warlock7709,Might not be for everyone as it can be slightly monotonous at first but it really sucked me in. Every day I would have a plan for the next and the next. 9/10 but not for everyone can be slow; watch some videos first.
,Recommended,413150,23389749,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ghibli_witch96,"Very immersive, polished but charming game. I have over 120 hours logged and I'm only in my second Winter. Enough variety to entertain most players: spicy adventure in the mines to a calming fishing or farming. You can do whatever you want whenever you want, there's plenty of time to do everything. While there are objectives, a lot of them are long term to keep you going strong through to the third year. I really like the variety of animals available."
76561198074408848,Recommended,413150,23390469,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Emilia Lunatari,"I have probably put far too many hours into this game than I should.Ive had this game for just over a month now and I have put over 48 hours into it so far. This is an addictive game you can play for hours on end, and with so many seperate missions to complete, you always have something to do. The game can get a bit monotonous at times, but I have never found the game legitimately boring. There is always something to do and something to strive for, and it is my current go to game anytime I have room in my schedule to play games. Although some people complain about a lack of endgame, I think that really lends to this game and its fun. There is so much to be done and you can continue to play it for as long as you please. The creator continues to make plans to create even more gameplay, so I don't see myself putting down this game anytime soon.This game is more than worth the money and I am so happy that I listened to my friends suggestions to buy the game. One of my favorite games of all time now!"
,Recommended,413150,23370163,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Imavan,"Great game, If you enjoyed harvest moon 64, this game gives the same feel just adds a lot more content which flows well with the game. Lots of stuff to do will 48 hours in no where near done."
,Recommended,413150,23453221,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mankeff,Super cozy and amazingly adorable game. If you have played harvest moon before I strongly recomend this game because it is really simular but better gameplay with loads of more options and things to do.
,Recommended,413150,23447921,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Gravy,"This game, it's amazing. There's something fun in it for everyone. It's also really relaxing, I found that whenever I sat down to play it, I couldn't stop because it's a great distraction from everything irl.You can not deny, though, that it feels like a Harvest Moon game, but as others have said, it is even better. This comes from a pretty big Harvest Moon fan.Buy this game, play it when you have a day off, you'll find yourself playing it until sunrise and realise you just spent a whole day and night playing this because you need to play JUST ONE MORE DAY.The game is totally worth the money, take it from me.Good luck getting off it once you realised it's the game for you.Highly recommended to everyone."
76561198064013926,Recommended,413150,23468517,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TopHatCobra,"Journal Entry #1: My life has been consumed. The one they call Stardew Valley has become the center of my universe. There is nothing but Stardew Valley. Stardew Valley is everything, it is the way. Join us, join us young one and become part of what truely is the meaning of life."
,Recommended,413150,22976378,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,¿?Supremist¿?,"MUST PLANT MORE CROPS.MUST BREW MORE ALE.where has my weekend dissapeared to????this game is sucking my life away, OH BOY my blue berries are ready!!!"
76561198038251799,Recommended,413150,23016294,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Isidorus,"It's hard not to compare this game to Harvest Moon. I've played Harvest Moon games since the first one on Game Boy in the late 90s. I still enjoy those games, but for some reason as time went on I started losing interest. Stardew Valley has rekindled my interest in this sort of game absolutely. There's a lot of similar content and different content from what you'd expect in a HM game. The characters are interesting and unique. They feel more human than the average HM character. Farming is calming and storming the underground to mine is addictive. I don't really know what else to say. This game is worth way more than what its being sold for. For me, its had more value than most of my $60 full priced games.10/10, would farm again.Penny for best girl."
76561198065719427,Recommended,413150,23014880,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,nulagrithom,It's like Harvest Moon all over again. Can't stop farming -- please send help.
,Recommended,413150,23011834,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Anarchy,"I really dragged my feet with writing a review on this one only because, there's a lot to see and do in the game that even now I still don't have ALL aspects discovered. But that's just the beauty of it. Okay so, first things first if you have ever sat down for countless hours playing a farming sim like this before, whether it was Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing or Rune Factory - anything on those lines? You'll more than likely have a blast and get your money's worth in Stardew Valley. The retro graphics really bring back memories of playing original games like Zelda and old school Harvest Moon on the Super Nintendo or Game Boy. That's pretty much always a plus. Because it not only means less sophisticated computers can handle the graphics and run it smoothly. That being said, it's a game that really relaxes people. It's a simple to learn, simple to master game. You don't feel rushed or panicked to get to the end quick, and it's a go at your own pace. Whether you're the type to go all out and buy every seed, catch every fish, mine every stone or a steady get them as you go kind of gamer. Though there are people who will say this game doesn't have enough for them. Honestly it is all about what kind of gaming experience you are looking for, sure there is fighting and crafting and semi-survival like aspects... The majority of this game is not action based, it is management based. Collect resources, craft, befriend NPCs and woo the one you want to marry. It's a simple concept. It's a farm life simulator with a unique battle system. It's a story of a person who gets a farm from their passing grandfather and is able to start a new life. It's a refreshing lifestyle. It can widdle away hours of time. Not to mention it is beautifully done and the perks of these kinds of games on PC? There are already updates and add ons coming in the future. That's amazing! It is the type of game that has potential for sequels, and DLC and all kinds of amazing updates in the future. It's never fully completed/finished. There's always something you can do, new goals you can set. And there's no / wrong / way to play it. I would entirely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the sim farming style games. I was hesitant at first being such a big Harvest Moon fan and finding it to be a bit too similar, but it has its own charm. Stardew has its own unique style and it's a game that really came from nowhere to be such a highly rated and successful little game. I really appreciate the devs dedication and willingness to listen to the community and proceed to make small changes that overall make a big impact. That's 112% dedication! Any gamer should appreciate this. I wouldn't change much, I really wouldn't. Maybe more uniqueness to the NPCs and bachelors/bachelorettes. There's only SO much you can do with these characters, but they can always use a little more depth. They really make the game feel like you're living in your own little world."
,Recommended,413150,23005793,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,WarHeroZer,"I give a review as a person who has never play havestmoon before. This game is good, fun, and addictive until the time you have nothing left in game to do...At first, the game is seem so difficult, as it doesn't guide what player should do first.  Too limit stimina, too fast in-game day time, too limit inventory size.  I had to restart the whole for about 3 times until I get used to the game.(I give it here, the first thing you should do is cut wood and make a first chest for storage..., you can find these beginner guides on the internet, though)After you familiar and know how to play this game properly, the addictive would come. You would enjoy the simple life.  No need to be rush.  Just slow-life, plant, craft,  make an artisan product,  sell,  see the profit.   day after day .  It just like you throw you real life behind and just have another life in this game.  It's additive because you want to improve you farm to gain more profit per day.  You know that you can do it more. You can improve it more. Thus, keep you playing this game more.Fishing game is very fun, which  I love the most.  It may difficult at first and many people might give up. Trust me after you get used to the machanic, it's very fun.The adventure in the mine is fun.  Some occasion, I feel lazy to do farm or make a social relationship with people in town.  I just want to explore the mine, kill monsters, mining the ore. However, it's seem that if you try to do everything in one game day,  You just can only explore the mine 5 levels per game-day because of time constaint or just let unconscious in the mine with -1000 cash taken away...These are some bad aspects :- There is no guidance what an upgrade can do... as the game expected the player fimiliar with havestmoon. (Please just tell the player that they could hold the click button for doing the large area at once)- No information tell player that if Clint is upgrading your tool, he can't break the geode...- Difficulty at early of the game, as the guidance is not sufficient.- In game time is too fast.  I found myself complete daily errand (get milk/egg, make cheeze/mayonnaise, watering the plant  ) almost at the time the shop close... (3-4pm.)  So go fishing a the morning is seem to be a joke except you ignore/abandon your farm for that day.- It's cumbersome to explore very deep in skull dungeon, as we have to carry many stacks of 999 stones for crafting ladder one by one in the dungeon...   The dungeon has no elevator. Should we have another convenient method to get the bottom deep of the dungeon ? ( what about a shine that donate a stack of stone/something for warping to the deep level corresponding on the number of donated items ???)In spite of aformentioned aspects, the game is still fun and entertain to keep play, and invest a lot of hours to. No regret on buying with full price."
76561198083297642,Recommended,413150,22986123,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Slavacado,probably the best purchase ive made on steam
,Recommended,413150,22978700,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Yoshio.Knoctis,"I've been playing this game for 36 hours and I have to say I am addicted. Yes it is that great, If you love Harvest Moon/Minecraft/ Terraria or practically any game that requires you to craft, grow and have a feel of the story I strongly recommend this game! BUY IT NOW BECAUSE THERE MIGHT BE MULTIPLAYER AND I SWEAR THAT 36 HOURS OF MINE WILL BE 100 IN 5 DAYS TOPS. Okay Have fun! ^_^"
,Recommended,413150,30741054,Posted: 25 March,all,Viralaine [RNG],"Harvest Moon without minmaxing being integral to success.Relaxing, and like Civilization, you crave that 'one more turn' at the end of each day.I can't put it down. Help."
,Recommended,413150,23045953,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,m c v e Y e v c m,A++
76561198030926749,Recommended,413150,23019544,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Johnny Hempseed,"I must suggest this game to anybody who wants to research and understand first hand, the ever increasingly popular medical field of addiction. If you have'nt played beer pong on a daily basis for months like I have, or tore the house upside down for that last tiny bud of cannabis that you thought dropped on the carpet somewhere 2 weeks ago... then by all means buy and play this game. You will quickly begin to comprehend the great and terrible life of a guttah rat. By the way.... Leah totally chiefs.. I know this."
76561198001292196,Recommended,413150,23030307,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Imbagon,"One of the deepest and most meaningful gaming experiences I've had in years.Every aspect of the game is different and fully fleshed out, nothing feels like an after thought.There are a multitude of different ways to enjoy the game and each experience is personal and unique.I would without a doubt recommend this game to anyone who has a desire to own a personal, relaxing and down right addictive experience."
,Recommended,413150,23045528,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,MrsEvilbird,"Love the game, Love it. Recommend it highly.Oh, btw, what year is this ? O.o"
76561198199840395,Recommended,413150,22734595,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,WubbaBubba,"Do you like Harvest Moon?Do you like Animal Crossing?Put that together and you get Stardew Valley,you can't say no to that ;)"
76561197970840543,Recommended,413150,23375742,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Rem,"RUN FROM THIS GAME!So, as a Truck Driver I am plagued by terrible wifi and slow download speeds...   A couple weeks ago I got the hankering to play XCom: Enemy Unknown again, and started to download it...   Which was going to take 12 hours.   Super!I had some friends who played this game, and had heard some stuff on a few podcasts about how neat it was...  So I figured i'd just grab it as something to play for a day or so until I finished the Xcom DL since it had a small install file size.That was at 5pm...I then noticed that Xcom was done downloading, and even more distressing....  THE SUN WAS COMING UP!So....    Here we are, a week later?   I think I have like 2 hours of Xcom playtime...   Maybe.And currently at 42 hours of Stardew.I am consumed."
76561198137409505,Recommended,413150,23432533,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,The Virus,"This game will easy sidetrack you because it's very addictive. As soon as you've done one thing you're swamping yourself with the millions of other things you want to do.Its very easy to play, and very easy to lose track of time. It has great NCP's and a great combat system. 10/10"
76561198048221827,Recommended,413150,23520260,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,deer,Spent the whole spring growing cauliflowers10/10
76561198064475058,Recommended,413150,21633736,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,quebstion_mark,forced an innocent villager to eat nothing but store-bought salad for 2 days a week until she loved me10/10 - she is still eating salad
,Recommended,413150,22576772,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,iamtheforce,Yes
76561198138797887,Recommended,413150,23226792,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,LapisDargon,Stardew Valley may possably be the best game.
76561198142542632,Recommended,413150,21763291,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Reonauly,"Some people think the hype for this game is not worth it. Get your hands on a copy of this game and your thoughts (and life) will be changed!This game has everything I could ask for in an RPG. I haven't had this game all that long but I've played 45+ hours, that's how good it is!After forever searching on Steam for a game that speaks to me, I finally found it. And oh boy do I love it.With so much to do in this game, you can't really ever get bored of it!So you there, reading this review, thinking about buying the game. BUY IT NOW! Scroll up there, click the add to basket (or whatever it says pffft) and buy it! For you, the reader of this, will have an experience like no other!I hope you now own this game, download it and own your grandfather's farm, your farm, your new life!Ingame and real life..."
,Recommended,413150,22853476,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,n u t t y,better than farmville
,Recommended,413150,23207896,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Wintee44,"This has to be one of my most favorite games to play on Steam, with the look, feel, and gameplay of a Harvest Moon game! With many characters and quest to play there is so much to do!"
,Recommended,413150,23236722,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[TRU] mbm,"Excellent five star and fun little game!  I have around 150 hour’s game time in.  I made it to the 4th of winter year 6 with 16 million gold before I ran out of stuff to do.  The game is so addicting after your first farming success.  I found myself mining a lot during winter to pass the time while I was working on my greenhouse which is now used only to produce ancient fruit wine.  I enjoyed this game because it is easy to pause and can run in the background when you are working or on a conference call.  I like how it doesn't matter how you play.  You could be just a miner or farmer or you could just be in it to get married.  It is well balanced and I love the Super Nintendo style graphics, as a child of the early 80's, it’s a great throw back and proves better graphics don't make better games.  Give it a try, you won’t be disappointed!"
,Recommended,413150,21678109,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,AllyStar,"Decided to pick up this game, started playing around 1PM. After playing for a bit i checked the time and the clock still said 1 so i thought my clock was broken.....then i realized it said 1AM.......Nuff said"
,Recommended,413150,23215728,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Riven77,"Awesome game, awesome developer, awesome community.10/10 <3"
76561197998904224,Recommended,413150,22724938,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Mark_W,SUPER COSY!
,Recommended,413150,23124101,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jivec,Oh but damn...Here have we come a mindblowing game after the first hour. You dont have to play alot of this game to know how good it is. Simple idea... Be a farmer! And with this idea it all started.Do what you wish to do in this world.
,Recommended,413150,23155497,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Zanther,"It's okay, I guess. *Sarcasm*"
,Recommended,413150,22224334,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zofran,"Went to the flower dance.Every girl rejected me when asked to danceOne even said ""I simply dont want to dance with you""10/10"
76561198298784962,Recommended,413150,23195914,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Dr Kommodo,"By god have i spent hours playing this, and speaking from the point of view of someone that never played Harvest Moon, it was pretty good, trust me. It's nothing like Farmville or other bs games that i know of under the ""Simulator"" tag, it`s you, a farm, a bunch of hollow 2-liner villagers, innumerable amounts of customization for said farm,  and sprinklers, lot's of them.If you play it the amount of time that i have is becacuse you modded it and added another 10 to 20 hours of gameplay, or because you completely forgot it was meant to be a farm game and started faffing with the mechanics, then again, just like me."
76561198104636672,Recommended,413150,22363467,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,♥CottonTailBoo♥,10/10
,Recommended,413150,22440416,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Shit the bed,"Ironically enough, this seemlying casual game about giving up city life for a simpler life in the country is by far the most stressful game I have ever played. The absurdly addictive nature, paired with the stress of managing and/or doing five billion things at once with severe time constraints, makes me both want and not want to play at the same time.It's an incredibly good and lovingly crafted game full of content, though if you already struggle with the anxieties and stress of a real life, you probably aren't going to be too fond with the idea of introducing a second digital life that is equally as stressful."
76561197993657118,Recommended,413150,22402915,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Paleorange,This game is so addictive and I don't know why. I was sceptical at the start but so many people were saying good things about Stardew Valley that I decided to give it a go. Hours have since vanished never to return.It is one of those games that looks simple on the surface but has so much hidden depth. Don't buy if you like to see the outside world.
76561198090695497,Recommended,413150,22223030,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Max20028,Spend weeks giving giftsGet rejected by every girl at Flower DanceSpend the rest of my time in the mines forcing her to eat rocks10/10 would give more rocks as food
,Recommended,413150,22704971,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Flutz,You can ride a horse in this game.10/10 would ride.
76561198124842836,Recommended,413150,22782416,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Mr.Jarrett,"This Game is incredible, A Charming game with so much detail and so much to discover and do. If you liked Harvest Moon then get this."
76561198240251528,Recommended,413150,22783635,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nordy16234,Amazing game that everyone should have.
,Recommended,413150,22788058,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,DeLuman,The best harvest moon game I've played since harvest moon 64.
76561198156352661,Recommended,413150,22864504,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pretty Princess -_-,"I love love love this game. I've never been so glued to a game before. I am so picky about games and I fell in love with this. I really took a risk too because I'm broke, but this game is the best. It has enough challeging things to keep it interesting but easy enough to get the hang of.You want farming, you got a big land to start on.You want farm animals, start building coops and barns.You wanna fish, cast that line out.You want to explore mines, you gotta start diggin'.You wanna fight spoopy monsters, start swinging.You want to be a collector, you get a whole museum!You want a love life/slave, start checkin them out.You want kids too, start effing them.You want a pet. cat or dog?You want a horse, it's jrhnbr.It's really a wonderful game. At first it's a bit rough but it gets so much better day after day."
,Recommended,413150,22866639,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ojeht,"If you like Harvest Moon, you will Love Stardew Valley."
76561198205914901,Recommended,413150,25068335,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Brook,after 41 hours i stil play this game and i am stil in first year . its amazing
,Recommended,413150,21553288,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,DR CHAIRMAN,"Amazing. Hits all of the right Harvest Moon and Rune Factory buttons, but adds in many quality of life and aesthetic enhancements. Fishing is a lot more fun, as are the mines. Character events are engaging and the festivals are fun.This one is a must for anyone who enjoys the Harvest Moon and Rune Factory series, as it might be even better than any game in either of those series."
76561198027824959,Recommended,413150,25100044,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Elessdai,I did not play a so addicting farming game in a long time. Got it in sale during Steam summer sale but would gladly have paid more for this masterpiece.
,Recommended,413150,22248620,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SicarioXUroboros,"This is my favorite game yet. I was a big fan of harvest moon years ago and this game is everything I loved about Harvest Moon while taking out everything I disliked about it. The gameplay is simple and easy to understand, the graphics are clean and the map is a good size. But the updates are what truly draws me to the game. It's easy to tell that the game creator is really listening to Stardew Valley players, as everything I had an issue with is slowly resolving itself.PS: Sebastian is MINE. xP"
76561198093571585,Recommended,413150,22358633,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Die Schweiz,"You liked harvest moon? this is a game for youYou dont know what harvest moon is? Well...First of all is this game worth its money? Yes for the price of 10$ you get a farming game wich is just great its full of content and will be updated (even with a multiplayer) its relaxing, challenging and beautiful but its not all about the farming you will get to get friends, go fishing, go mining, get married, get animals, get equipment, etc. as you can see it is a game in wich you can spend hours having fun in your own way"
76561198234064616,Recommended,413150,30834992,Posted: 30 March,all,Slayyy,"Amazing and calm game, although i dont play this often but its something i would playduring my free time or just wanting to relax after playing fps games. Really reccomend it tho cuz it reallyshows the animal-crossing,runefactory-ish style and its kinda refreshing to see this genre pop up again.Anyways heres my ratings 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,24944699,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Hammncheese,"This game is absolutely fabulous. I love how you can be whatever you want, but there is also a clear goal. It's almost like a pixelated Skyrim, without the cat people. But anyway, I have a blast, and it has endless play and replayability. It may take a while to get off your feet and get used to all the seasons and the growing and what you should and shouldn't plant when, and also how to deal with animals and enemies. Moreover, the relationship and romance engine in here is perfect. Each special scene makes my heart melt, and brings these characters to life. I'd recommend the crap out of this game. To anyone and everyone."
,Recommended,413150,24624037,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Candicimo,"This is almost an updated version of Harvest Moon. I say almost just because this adds a few features (combat, for one) that weren't present in the originals. If you enjoyed any of the older HM games, you'll like this."
,Recommended,413150,24936502,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,"Broseidan, King of the Brocean","If you played harvest moon when you were a kid, buy this game"
,Recommended,413150,21594653,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,chrisofawesome,Best game ever
,Recommended,413150,25221213,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Brandon The Bum,"Name your favorite thing during character creation ""Masterbating"".... Trust me."
76561198076585049,Recommended,413150,25130419,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,doraklikopdora,its harvest moon with a free built in dating sim. 10/10 would Leah again
76561198064973050,Recommended,413150,21487517,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Lich Tree,"The game is really good, made by only a single developer who put a lot of effort into bringing us a fantastic singleplayer experience.Now with that being said we can also expect multiplayer with up to 4 players coming in the following months and regular updates probably after that with anything he feels like adding, I could certainly make a few suggestions such as variety in pets like maybe a frog, rat, wolf, bird, spider (notforme), ect.really more future content would be great, theres already a lot of content and things to keep yah busy but just more things are always a welcome.Gameplay is broken up into plenty of different things, you really have a lot of choices how you wanna handle the game these include.Fishing, Foraging, Mining & Combat, Farming, pursuing the mysteries of stardew valley, lookin for love ;], making friends, Raising animals, being a bee farmer, supporting an evil company that wants to destroy small buisnesses and ruin the sense of community. Be a hermit, be a farmer, be a lumberjack, be who you wanna be. Be everything.. cause why not? and in a few months, be doin things with your friends!Stardew Valley is Amazing."
,Recommended,413150,22662401,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DorotaMagdalena,"I often have a lot to say, however, this time I think that the score of this game says everything.Warning: The game is highly addictive!"
76561198259106250,Recommended,413150,22662838,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,gmgainz2,"I love this game. There is so much to do and when I think I know what is going on, they throw me for a loop."
76561198100847553,Recommended,413150,22663244,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,charly,"Best money I've ever spent in my entire life, its such an amazing game with nostalgia mashups of all sorts of indie-pixel games. With the idea of Harvest moon and concepts of Legend of Zelda and so much more it's even more impressive that it was made by one guy. I highly recommend it to anyone, even if you prefer first person shooters or more louder games, I do guarantee you will not regret this game."
,Recommended,413150,22664225,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,LadyShaShan,"Thank you, ConcernedApe, for ruining my future in such an incredibly fun way."
,Recommended,413150,22442970,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,FeedMOAR,มันหยุดไม่อยู่จริงๆเกมนี้
,Recommended,413150,21540203,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,reamonsj_2,"This quite frankly surprised me. I wanted to buy it the day of its release but decided to wait it out, until I saw the huge amount of positive feedback about the game. Harvest Moon was one of the most influential franchise I played during childhood, and this game plays and feels almost exactly like Harvest Moon, albeit with its own defining charm. With the disappointment coming from the Harvest Moon and Story of Seasons games, this game definitely does not disappoint.Old fans of the Harvest Moon franchise will feel right at home with this one, as it incorporates a lot of the same elements. To newer players who are interested in this genre, a fair warning: it could get very tedious a lot of times, but that's part and parcel of what makes these games great. Farming is tedious, both in real and virtual space. If you're the impatient type, then I suggest you shy away from this as you will not find immediate satisfaction at the early parts of the game. Effort is rewarded through the long-term. The developer is planning still to add Multiplayer as a future content, so that's a very big plus to look forward to.If you're still reading reviews and is reluctant in buying this game at its full price, don't be. It's well worth it. I'm only at 10 hours in but this is already one of my favorite games in Steam."
76561198003124936,Recommended,413150,22722868,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Frank Hardy,1% Harvest Moon1% Minecraft1% Terraria1% Zelda96% human heartFarm. Fight monsters. Collect items. Build a thriving income. Make friends. Get married. Make babies. Catch fish. Eat fish. Give a girl copper ore as a gift. Girl tells you it's a terrible gift - girl takes ore anyway.Stardew Valley.
76561198044810792,Recommended,413150,22641503,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Vashek,"Wow...34hrs in; just buy it if you are on the edge. Not much I can say that more knowledgable reviewers havent already said. Well worth the $15. Just know a wiki is nearly required. I've never played Harvest Moon or any other game like it. Closest for me would be Minecraft. Stardew Valley has alot of depth, and alot of heart. The sole developer deserves all the success he's getting. Im very excited to see how the game expands. If I had one complaint Id say I dislike the time management aspect of the game but its the core mechanic and i get it.Some things id like to see....deeper social system, hints at what gifts characters like and dislike....future expansion into new lands, maybe a tad deeper or intuitive rpg skill tree system/equipment.All in all a great game with even more promise.P.S.Outfit/Appearance changes for our characters and spouse please!!!!!"
,Recommended,413150,22267333,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mystic Libra,"When I saw this game, I was like I gotta have it. I did loved animal crossing and was ok w harvest moon.That's what the game remind me of. A mix of those two and I wanted the game so much.Didn't see it on sale that I had to buy it straight away.Played it. Loved it. And it's a very addicting game.It has all the aspects I love and like.The dungeon was really fun. lots of ores and collecting ingredients as well as artifacts and fossils.I love LOVE the fishing. Farming was alright.Overall, it is the best game I've played on steam and it's a good all round game. It has a lil bit of everything.Beside the socializing, I didn't like it so much, I didn't know marriage works. lol.If this game was slightly an mmo, I would marry my boyfriend ingame. xD hahaha.When I play, O.O I end up staying up all night playing that game and lost track of time.Never had any problems and I hope to see more updates. I can't wait to finish the game. :PThis game is definitely recommended."
,Recommended,413150,22444609,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Vitz,"10/10 Harvest Moon nostalgic feels. Some of the un-intuitive and annoying game mechanics Harvest Moon had, this game fixed and made better. There are so much content in this game, hours just fly by when I'm playing this game."
76561198095515304,Recommended,413150,21936411,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,DEBRA SPACEPIRATE,best game of 2016 so far
,Recommended,413150,21580044,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,`ｙｕｎｇ ｓａｇａｂ,"i never write a review before, but this game is too good, so, yeah"
,Recommended,413150,21644311,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ally <3,If you loved Harvest Moon then I don't see why you wouldn't like this game.
,Recommended,413150,22651148,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,trash panda,"Why are you reading reviews when you could be downloading and plaything this game? This game is wonderful, pure and simple. The interactions you have with the NPCs are rich and full of heart, and I've teared up several times while playing. I just really love this game and have recommended it to everyone who will listen. If you want fun gameplay as well as some really sweet and poignant moments with NPCs, get this game."
,Recommended,413150,22752899,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,doifashi,This game is so great! Definitely worth your time and money!
76561197971291045,Recommended,413150,21592536,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Thrill,"Just the right mix of depth and simplicity. I loved Harvest Moon and Rune Factory, but HM had gotten a little repetitive, and RF went a little crazy in its search for interesting new content, falling all the way down the crafting hole. You know, with Tailoring and Blacksmithing as two separate skills with 99 levels each that you can't start until you're a year and a half in. None of that in this game!There are quests that might require you to do the same thing a bunch of times, but what you need to do will be clear and satisfying. The game's core mechanic is certainly ""do the same things over and over again,"" but there's a palpable importance--not necessarily to each iteration, but often enough to keep from being boring or grindy. Building up resources is satisfying, but hardly a day goes by when I don't  make at least some other bit of progress, whether it's discovering a new mineral or grabbing some missing piece of a bundle in the community center.The rhythm of the game is so easy-going--you get to see pretty much everything it has right from the start and you can tackle the various tasks at your own pace. There isn't (or I haven't yet encountered) a situation in which you must gather ten thousand widgets in order to progress. You can always say you've had enough mining for a while and spend a day fishing or picking wild onions. Being able to give yourself that break means that it never feels like ""grinding."" It's actually relaxing. It feels like, well, quitting your job at JoJo Mart to go live on a farm for a while.Oh and shout-out to the fishing mechanic. It's not a complicated one, but man, I have never enjoyed a silly fishing minigame that much. And I played a *lot* of Legend of the River King as a kid."
76561198005060973,Recommended,413150,22767301,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Abduct,"I'm very happy I picked this game up.At first, I bought it because I figured it was my style, I'd find some time to play it more later (I was heavily involved in Black Desert Online at the time). Once that slowed down a bit, I looked through my steam library full of games just sitting there and noticed it again. Said to myself ""eh, why not start it up finally?"" And here I am, enjoying myself completely!Now, why has this game made me so happy? Mostly because I'm not limited to only one thing at a time, I can pick and choose what to do when. That alone makes me very happy, but also makes me plan ahead. For example, which day do I want to focus on expanding my farm/optimizing it? Or which day do I want to mine? Maybe a fish day, sometimes. You get to decide that, and it's very appealing.I cannot think of all the reasons why this game is so good right now, so I may have to update this!P.S. The developer loves his game, which in turn helps him to make the game great!"
76561198295393450,Recommended,413150,22763390,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,GirlNextDoor,good game for hima
,Recommended,413150,21744846,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,MJMampen,"Just think of this game as an expansion pack and combination of Harvest Moon and Rune Factory, and you’ll be golden.13/12 – One of the best Indie games you will ever play, guaranteed."
76561198042001088,Recommended,413150,22756180,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,mems,I wish my wife in real life would love me as much as my wife in Stardew Valley does.
,Recommended,413150,22244013,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SirBrightsword,"Amazing Game!First, this is basically Harvest Moon but it's so much better.The last game I played like this one made me feel distant from the characters but Stardew Valley really gives its characters personallity. This game can be challenging but it is fun. There is a real feeling of adventure to be had and while there is definitely freedom to what you decide to do, the game helps ease you into each aspect, guiding you forward with quests related to each new mechanic or area. Plus the fishing in this game is stellar.Highly Recommended, tenouttaten"
,Recommended,413150,30536471,Posted: 15 March,all,catface,"Absolutely addictive, would recommed to anyone who loved playing Harvest Moon. I love it!"
76561198219618528,Recommended,413150,28870852,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dina,"I think it goes without saying based on my hours playing this game that I am obsessed. I therefore can rightfully say, PLAY THIS GAME. its addicting calming and extremely fun I don’t know a game I am more in love with and addicted to. Also, just to make things clear I really didn’t think I would like it at all since I hate farming games and I get bored very easily so trust me when I tell you it’s not just farming game its so much more and overall just worth it!BUY IT!!"
,Recommended,413150,21542275,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,OuijaBread,"If you have liked the Harvest Moon games you'll love this game! I feel like I even enjoy this game more than the Harvest Moon games. There is so much to do! Like Harvest Moon there is farming, taking care of animals, fishing, interacting with characters, and mining. Some may be wondering what makes this game unique from Harvest Moon and so far I have noticed the character customization, you have combat while in the mines, also one cool aspect is you level up each skill and with leveling up you can choose perks. For example, when you level up farming you can choose between the perks of 10% more profit for crops or animal products. It is all great and a lot of fun. I'm excited to spend more time on this. It is very addictive!"
,Recommended,413150,22322268,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,uiopy1,"One more day simulator.Send help.EDIT: I am editing this to receive the Steam badge. This is really a fantastic game, though. Please support the developer by buying this game."
,Recommended,413150,30929580,Posted: 3 April,all,[MSP]Gibbonius,"This, kids, is where it's at. As a fan of Animal Crossing, Theme Hospital, Sim City, (you sim it, I'll play it) this scratches a big itch. Immersive, with just the right level of complication and enough variety to avoid feeling grindy. A masterpiece."
,Recommended,413150,22302237,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,heteroskedasticity,"I don't usually write reviews on Steam, so that in and of itself might tell you something about how many feelings I have concerning Stardew Valley.I have almost 100 hours logged - if you count in the ones I played while offline, I would have hit the triple digits already. After a little more than a week of owning the game, that is.I believe that Stardew Valley is a small masterpiece. It takes inspiration and certain gameplay features from popular game series - Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, Animal Crossing, and probably a few more that have escaped me - and combines them into something that is more than the sum of their parts.Unless you are completely opposed to retro-style graphics (though they pretty much belong in a game like this) or unable to enjoy simulation games, I can hardly think of anybody who would not have fun with this.The price-performance ratio is amazing! You pay a third of what a Harvest Moon game might cost you and end up with so much content. I enjoyed Harvest Moon when I was younger, but I never made it into my second year in any of the (numerous) playthroughs I started in any of the games (FoMT, DS, AWL). Along comes Stardew Valley, and I am in Summer of my 3rd year, and it doesn't look like I'm gonna stop anytime soon.Speaking of the content - it is vast, and it's unbelievable that this little gem was created by one single developer. In addition to that, said developer has been very involved with the community before and ever since the game came out, taking suggestions/complaints and coming around with patches and improvements faster than you could ask for. I bow my head to you, Mr. ConcernedApe.The characters are lovable, there's so much to do, and the love for detail simply jumps out at you at all times. The different decorations on each house for all of the seasons! The way people slowly grow on you! How it feels like you are actually growing into a part of the small town's community! I admit I may have squealed a little bit the first time I left my horse to take the bus and came back to a message saying my horse had been wondering where I had gone. If I had to choose one single word to summarize the game, it would be 'endearing'.All in all, what I'm trying to say is: It has been a long while since a game has found its way into my heart like this. Both Stardew Valley and its developer ConcernedApe deserve the all of the love they have been and continue to be showered with.UPDATE NOVEMBER 2016:ConcernedApe listened to his players well and gave us a lovely free update in the form of Version 1.1. I am very grateful and I still love Stardew as much as I did on the first day of playing it!"
76561198091428512,Recommended,413150,22335047,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Zirkel,"When I purchased my first coop I decieded I would use a theme when naming all my chickens,  and for whatever reason I decieded to go with famous criminals. My first few chickens consisted of Billy the Kid, Dillinger, and Bill Cosby.Today I got my first Demon Chicken and I named it Hitler. This game is the greatest thing ever. 10/10, must own."
,Recommended,413150,22208340,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ponton,"A very nice relaxing game, just one more day :)Edit:After finishing almost everything in the game.... Just one more day (still)."
,Recommended,413150,21837095,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MokiKisa,Well worth the $15 bucks I paid. So much fun.The art is lovely. I personally love the art style.  Can't stress how much I love the way the game looks. lol Please don't take what I'm saying out of context.But goes to show that hi-rez 3d graphics aren't everything.
,Recommended,413150,21790817,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Stridsmålade RyggradsDjuret,"Stardew ValleyYou inherit a farm from your grandfather and move thereafter getting sick of the life you lead in the city.The farm is a rundown place overgrown with weeds and indire need of a caretaker, this is your home now.The needs of your farm will take you on a journey throughmonster filled mines, eartquakes, even a wizards tower and you will fallin love with the little town you now call home, and who knows, you mighteven find that the little town you have come to love is the host to the oneyou will call your love.Welcome home farmer!"
,Recommended,413150,21753904,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,kuyajamban,Stardew Valley is one of the best game i ever spent money on...10/10 Would buy again :)And im nominating this game for The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” Award
,Recommended,413150,24026273,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,orestesmkb,"If you enjoyed Harvest Moon you'll probably love this game. It is a lot more customizable than HM though.It is a farm sim, you can build in your farm: paths, decorations and some utility items, barns and coops. mine for gems and ores while fighting monsters (combat is simple), fish in lakes, rivers and the ocean.There are skills with perks once certain levels are reached, and leveling them up unlocks crafting recipies.I love that there are some secrets scatarred arround in the game and that every NPC has a story and schedule for the week and each season.The developer is also active and making this game better with some updates.- Edit 10/11/2016:As of v. 1.1 there are multiple farm layouts that you can choose in the start of the game; a shed that you can build to store chests or utility/processing blocks for animal products (cheese, mayo, etc); and a mill among other things.There are many ways to play this game, there is not exactly and end to it, because once ""finished"" you can choose to keep playing on your farm. The new farm layouts brought some more replayability, but the most amazing thing for me is still improving your famr little by little every game day and unfolding the story of Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,413150,30916521,Posted: 2 April,all,[VtM] Serpent,"Most Addictive game in a while, seem simple but then 9 hrs go buy and you keep telling yourself just one more day!"
76561198063687383,Recommended,413150,30920487,Posted: 3 April,all,tardiswolf91,"Stardew Valley is a worthy successor to the Harvest Moon franchise if ever there was one, and fans of that series are doing themselves a disservice by reading one word further instead of just buying this game, full price or not. From the music, to the tone, to the utterly gobsmacking level of customization and DIY attitude, this game takes the Harvest Moon recipe and refines it to a science and an art unlike any other.The progression system is even satisfying, leaving just enough of a lull in between each new perk or ability or unlock to keep me playing without either inundating me with unlocks or boring me with lack of content, which is a rare sight in many games.Now, all that praise aside, this gem is not without its flaws. I often found aiming with my tools to be a bit fiddly, leading to a few destroyed crops, but that was quickly solved by taking a little more time to line up before taking a swing. More than once, the writing seemed a bit heavy-handed in the environmental preservation message. And the lack of any explanation beyond ""here's a farm, make it work"" can leave some floundering for a while, but I found after the first season, I had picked up most of the nuances quite easily.All in all, I heartily recommend this game. It's fairly cheap at full price, and if you have any reservations, picking it up at any discount whatsoever should abate those completely, because this game is worth every penny I paid, and I'm not even a third of the way through the game yet."
,Recommended,413150,22163716,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,PandaPuncakes,"This game is really fun! If you like harvest moon, your going to love this game. I saw Markiplier play it and I was amazed by how well the game looked and all the things you could do! I have been playing this game for a while now and I have to say, Im still not bored of it!!"
,Recommended,413150,22023182,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,LadyBuffy,"If you enjoyed any Harvest Moon or Rune Factory game, you will love Stardew Valley. Honestly, I feel in some ways it even surpasses them. It's wonderful fun, addictive, and it's the kind of game you can play either casually and just enjoy your time farming, or go hardcore trying to get the best crops and fight your way to the bottom of the mines.I only have one problem with this game: it's EXTREMELY addictive, and not just in the ""it's so fun"" way. There is only one time to save. The game automatically saves every time your character goes to sleep for the day, and it is SO easy to have your character wake up and you just go ""meh, I'll just do one more day....okay one more day....okay last day this is it..... just ONE more day..."" and it's an endless cycle you find really hard to rip yourself away from. Being able to save when you need to, not just when the game says so  would probably keep this game from running your life.I very much look forward to seeing what else the developer adds to the game, in the meantime, I think I'll go do one more day...EDIT: I've nominated this game for The ""Just Five More Minutes"" Steam Award. This game definitely topped that category for me with how easy it was to lose track of time and keep playing ""just five more minutes."""
,Recommended,413150,30399927,Posted: 8 March,all,god ziller,"A fun game to immerse yourself in. It's nice to start up when you have an hour or two to kill during the day. The beginning can be a little slow, but once you learn the ropes, the game lets you do whatever you please. There are objectives and quests, but its up to you when you do them. The artstyle is cute, and there are plenty of mods to enhance your experience. I'd recommend it to casual gamers or people who like to make up their own stories in games."
76561198026548756,Recommended,413150,30910184,Posted: 2 April,all,Ryfirmmn,"Recommended to two friends of mine that ended up buying and are now both hooked.[Our general opinion]Great game, really addictive thanks to the story line. Stardew is a game that you'll spend hours upon hours playing and offers a lot of freedom in the game itself. Its graphics are extremely nice for pixels and the extra animations give it all a nice touch.To a very small amount of others making negative reviews on this, think beforehand. It's extremely clear that a lot of hard work has gone into the making of this.In my opinion, £10 very well spent. Have played and enjoyed this for many hours and will be playing for many more.If you're into roleplaying, grindy and games where you have to spend a while working toward a goal instead of getting it instantly, buy this. Trust me when I say that you won't regret it."
,Recommended,413150,30759168,Posted: 26 March,all,shame :D,"A really cool game that I recommend spending $15 on! This game is very calm and relaxing, just play it when you're stressed. The music and the peaceful farming can create hours full of fun and relaxation. I can see where this game becomes boring, but that is when you get far and in depth with the game. Cool part, you can always restart and create a new world and enjoy many more hours of this wonderful game."
76561198029350069,Recommended,413150,21555396,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Detox,I wasn't really following this game before launch because it looked stupid and the name stardew is stupid.  I ended up buying this game because all of my friends were playing it (I have no sense of individuality and am obsessed with fitting in).Turns out this game is fantastic.I was wrong.As usual.I'm also trying too hard in this review to be funny.
,Recommended,413150,22029154,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,stupidpal,"Ran out of energy mid-dayFound pink cake in trash canAte it, full energy againCarry on as if nothing happened11/10"
,Recommended,413150,21558272,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mitalis,"So far I'm enoying the game. It's definately a throwback for me having played Harvest Moon & the Rune Factory games. I like the pixel art design.  The game is pretty, the controls are pretty decent, the joystick support is nice although I haven't fully figured out all the controls for that yet."
76561198025324585,Recommended,413150,22096404,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Escapado,"This game is so insanely much fun. I love all the tiny little details. I love how I get this feeling of ""just one more day of harvesting before I turn off my computer"". I love the very cute dialogs and tiny monsters in the mine. I love the character diversity. I love the the diversity in items, crops, plants. I love the rewarding feeling in year two when you have a solid tool and money basis and compare your current farm state to that of the first year. I love the secret characters you unexpectly meet. I love the calm and positive atmosphere of the game. It's just so well thought out and balanced and fun to play. And I am so impressed to hear that only one person made literally everything you see, hear and play in this game.And also: If you ever liked harvest moon. Get this game. Just get it.Tl;Dr: Best ~14€ ever spent."
,Recommended,413150,21630618,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bizzle Dapp ⚔,"Some of my favourite pros:-Great Soundtrack-Fantastic Gameplay-In Depth Story-Mysteries-Puzzles-Dungeons-HUGE variety of farmable goods-Simple, easy to pick up crafting system-Varied dialog with NPC's-Colourful-FunAnd my absolute favourite thing about this game is how relaxing it is...This game is a cut above other games of its kind. A comparison to that of Harvest Moon: Back to Nature but with an incredible overhaul, brushed out the glitches, and crammed another 3 or 4 times worth of content in.If you're thinking about buying it, just do it. You will not regret it.The creator of this game oh so deffinately deserves your money, not to mention reading other reviews will enlighten you as you just how hard they've worked.10/10 - Best Farm Related RPG released in over a decade."
,Recommended,413150,21591227,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hiyapatno,Very Fantastic
,Recommended,413150,21624143,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Utherix,"Harvest Moon 2.0 This has everything from classic Harvest Moon and more, including amazingly executed fishing and combat systems. You'll quickly fall back down into a bed of nostalgia when playing this game and forget about all of your mortal worries."
76561198013748959,Recommended,413150,22116765,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,8-Bit Lincoln,Addicting. Send help.
76561198024523867,Recommended,413150,21868286,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,johnnybez,"The game is amazing, any fan of Harvest Moon will be pleased with it. The creator picked the snes version of HM, improved every aspect of it, and released a truly masterpiece. You can spend hours and hours playing this game, there is a lot to do, and almost everything is fun.I have been playing around 60 hours, and there are A LOT of tasks remaining to do. And most importantly, Iam still enjoying this game.100% recommended."
,Recommended,413150,22017758,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Aeriane,"I haven't been happier playing a game since the last time I can remember. This is the perfect nostalgia sandbox MMO for those who love old-school style graphics while building, crafting and exploring. Only con is the fishing system, it's pretty bad. A definite purchase well beyond the money spent! <3<3<3"
,Recommended,413150,21772817,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Quetho,"This game is just bloody astonishing.Well played, Sir, 10/10 would buy again."
76561198045397327,Recommended,413150,25082004,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Geri,Great game! Classic feel to it and a good story to back it up on top of everything else. Highly recommend if you enjoy farming and RPG based leveling skills and dungeon diving all in a 2D world!
76561198296164049,Recommended,413150,25063115,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,dead54turner,Not lieing game helped me throght some rough times. some of my fav music and lots of good holsome fun.ps sorry for spelling not my strong suit.
,Recommended,413150,24836970,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,MrButlerC,"This game is really good.If you like Harvest Moon or Rune Factory then this is the game you will love!You can plant crops, fight monsters inside the mining cave, interesting gameplay and marriage!Has some secret to reveal so this game can make you curious as well!Rated 11/10!"
76561198138149505,Recommended,413150,24727549,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,rklover13,"Okay. I love this game. I have WAY too many hours in this. I started playing it on a friend's account.. then just had to buy it because I wanted to support the developer.I never really got into Harvest Moon type games. The most I played was Farmville, but I LOVE this.The music is awesome.The art style is pixelated (which I adore), and cute.The characters are interesting.And it's fun! I really recommend you give it a try. Especially if you've played games like this before!A+ would play again."
76561198210330257,Recommended,413150,24739684,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,D1SRUPT0R hellcase.com,Very fun reccomend this game
76561198041959773,Recommended,413150,24712608,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Braders487,I really enjoy this game I find it very fun. I am on the winter season at the moment of year 1. I recommend this game for ppl who like games such as animal crossing but also simulation games in general. The game also give you alot of freedom as to what you do (fight enemies or fish) and what you specifically grow. Its a game ill continue to sink a lot of hours into.
76561198275951474,Recommended,413150,24736001,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Fitani,This game... I love it. There are a couple things that would have been even better if different... but all in all it doesnt really matter. I very much enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,413150,30182066,Posted: 25 February,all,prιnceѕѕ,"This game is like the baby of animal crossing,harvest moon and minecraft. Its so adorable and different, I ended up falling inlove with all the characters and having 100000 saves to keep them all. Waifu bait"
,Recommended,413150,24761931,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,dejaime=D-Newbie,"Charming but simple game.Slightly grindish, if you don't mind it (or knows how to CE your way out of grinding).Building a farm looks like a chore at first, as a matter of fact.But soon you start doing things because you want to! And I cannot really explain why that happens, and that pisses me off hah..."
76561198047365537,Recommended,413150,24761316,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,jeremyhzy,JUST BUY IT AND PLAY YOU DUMB♥♥♥♥
76561198256856321,Recommended,413150,24693597,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Flame Princess,"What I really liked about this game is it was alot like harvest moon games.There is something so relaxing about just playing on a farm,normaly I don't really like pixel games but this game is an exception.:)"
,Recommended,413150,30834848,Posted: 30 March,all,ForsythiA,"What a perfect healing game! Your my roll model. I'm Korean and I'm not good at speaking English, but I love this game. I recommend all people."
76561198130172420,Recommended,413150,24783767,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Jill,"While the game is addicting, I also like that it is something you don't have to sit down and play 10 hours straight on.  I've been one of those glued-to-the-computer gamers for a long time, but now I have a kid and simply can't play like that.  Stardew Valley has been my go-to for a gaming ""fix"" for 20 minutes at a time (or longer if it's naptime!).  It's definitely enjoyable and well put together.  Can't wait for co-op!"
,Recommended,413150,21741518,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cerulean,Okay so I played 14.5 hours of stardew valley and I liked it.
,Recommended,413150,21839825,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ひとりぼっち,"I love Harvest Moon so after i saw this game i pirated it to test. Then i got hooked and played the pirate version until 1st year winter and relied: damn i forgot to buy the real game. I bought it immediately after that and when i started the steam version my save from pirate version is there and playable. No need to find save folder to copy paste your save or replay from the beginning. Thanks Concerned Ape :3This game is great and you should get it ASAP. ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" rating and tons of Positive reviews on Steam and Internet are there for you if you still wonder."
,Recommended,413150,21846509,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,NiftyNUB,Stardew Valley is a game where you can own a farm. It's such a fun game to play in your spare time. There is lots of stuff to do such a little town. The soundtrack is one of the best ive heard out of the games ive played (Which isnt many). Aside of that there is romance aswhell. The community is fantastic in this game so you can't get anything more! Like i've said before the map is very small so if they added dlc's to make the map bigger. I would for sure buy that dlc. Thank you.Ps. You get a pet :O
,Recommended,413150,21947642,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Reloading,"I had this game recommended to me by a friend, and I wasn't prepared for how good it actually is. The graphics and gameplay bring strong comparisons to the Harvest Moon series, and this game is nothing, if not a love-letter to that game and its ilk. The music and audio is top-notch, and really helps to set the mood. The graphics are of course cartoony, and perfectly fit the game's motif.Give it a shot, you will probably be surprised just how much fun you'll have with it."
,Recommended,413150,21508085,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Phat Asian Tiddy,I've been anticipating this game for quite a while now. I would check the Dev's page every day to see if there was an updateRemember how you had to build a Maker shed in Harvest moon?Yeah no more of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Just make a seed maker in your crafting screen and plop that mother ♥♥♥♥er anywhere you ♥♥♥♥ing want10/10 would make seed maker again
,Recommended,413150,21772605,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,the ghost of niggas past,"Just letting people know that there is same sex marriage in this game. While for many this is a plus. For me it is the reason I will not play it again.I had the game in my wishlist for a long time. It looked so much like harvest moon and I was excited to play.When I got it I put about an hour into it. It was a lot of fun. It was at that time however I stumbled across a QA with the developer and I found out that same sex marriage is in the game.This review is for people who still have morals and wouldn't want to play this game knowing that same sex marriage is in it. My beliefs come from the bible and my want to follow Jesus Christ. This game embraces and encourages something that is detestable in God's eyes. Even if you look at it just from physical standpoint. Same sex marriage does not work. A male and a male, or a female and a female cannot produce a baby. In this game however somehow a person can?If a person says I don't believe in God or the bible. Here is a question for them. How does one determine right from wrong? If they say that they decide what is right or wrong. Really think about what that means. It will always lead to might equals right. A person may think it is a bad idea to shoot someone in real life, but according to that person's thinking then the guy holding the gun to their head is 100% correct in their beleif that it is okay to kill him.I want to warn people like me who wouldn't play this game knowing what this game encourages. It is something a person might not notice until after they have already played 2 hours or more thus not being able to get a refund on steam.Lastly I wanted to say this. The game itself was fun. The developer himself even says at one point that he is not entirly sure why his game is such a success. I cannot speak for him, but I will give my opinion as to why it is.A lot of people played harvest moon. They saw that this game was going to be like it. They remembered the special, sweet, and kind moments in harvest moon. They remembered how much they loved it.The secret to harvest moon was that it was a game with story line. More than that though, it was a storyline not filled with death, violence, sex, swearing, etc... Whether people want to admit it or not I think that deep down inside most people like games like Harvest Moon because they are clean. They are wholesome.Just like older books, some older games still had positive morals, they showed and praised good character. Good and Evil were clearly defined and Evil was not praised.I think that game developers are forgeting that people want those things in a game. I feel like even gamers are getting this mentality that if it does not have blood, guts, sex, swearing, etc it can't be a good game. That's just not true."
76561198023906188,Recommended,413150,21585252,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,fooshards,"Its Harvest Moon, with Terraria elements.  I really hope the crafting system develops more like Terraria did over time.  You should buy it, it's a ton of fun."
,Recommended,413150,21629687,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,BigBobbyBoy,"Spent a day in the mines, I come back to my house late, around 12am, I have around a minute to get into bed. I walk in my house and my dog is inside where my bed is. I can't move him since he is sleeping and I collapsed from exhaustion at 2am like normal and was robbed of around 500g inside my own house.Still better companions than Fallout 4.10/10"
76561198078887074,Recommended,413150,22212532,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kcc,"The best game I've played in quite a while, one of the most relaxing games as well. For only 15$ you get over 80hours of gameplay. I recommend this 100% to anyone. A perfect mixture of animal crossing, harvest moon, and Terreria. The memories you'll have from the moments in this game will stick with you for the rest of your life. 11/10"
,Recommended,413150,21489844,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,JESSrz,"This game is for people like me who got really disapointed over World's Dawn being this generation's Harvest Moon. This is it, boys. It has everything, even that mysterious atmosphere the original Harvest Moon had. Brilliant, recommended."
,Recommended,413150,21642888,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Remagamer,"WARNING: DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE TESTS COMING UPI know you think you can handle it, but you can't handle it."
,Recommended,413150,21648533,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,🔰 Gencino 🔰,Hilary Aproves Of this MLG game 11/10 Hilary Clinton-Lots Of Kinky Cows.
76561198005749847,Recommended,413150,21624519,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rhavenouz,"The ""you can't stop playing this game"" Simulator"
,Recommended,413150,21628496,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TheIndieLumberjack,"This game is incredible. ConcernedApe managed to take everything that was great about Harvest Moon, everything that was great about Rune Factory, and then not ruin it somehow when the game was made. This is the Harvest Moon game I have always been waiting for.10/10 - would move to the countryside and start fighting monsters in caves."
,Recommended,413150,21852810,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Some_Cocaine,It's ok.
,Recommended,413150,21858757,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Misha,Penny is waifu
76561198033997010,Recommended,413150,21682925,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,luks.joe,Just one more day.Just one more day.Just one more day.Just one more day.Just one more day.Just one more day.Just one more day.Just one more day.Just one more day................♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 4 am again.10/10 would farm again
76561198108362058,Recommended,413150,21690507,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Mr. Hat,"i love this get, it reminds me of the good old days playing harvest moon on my gamecude. But i feel like this game is 1000 times better, the energy system is great! the many ways to get money is awesome! fishing can be hard but that makes it so much fun to do! i have heard that there is going to be multiplayer in this game which is one of the reasons i stopped playing games like harvest moon and Animal Crossing. Stardew Valley is a game where I'm only 5 hours in, and ive touched like 3% of what is really happeninng in this game. I love this game, i hope anyone that wants this game to have a great time like i am!!!! 10/10 with so much potential still waiting to be added! Thankyou Stardew Valley!"
76561198054949718,Recommended,413150,21879809,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Shazzamon,"Don't be fooled by that lack of hours up there, I've already clocked in close to 30 hours offline (darned limited net).And in those thirty hours, I've surprisingly never found a dull moment in Stardew Valley. You can be the single-most productive player out there, you WILL have something to do every single day no matter what. And that's sort of the beauty with this game.You aren't forced into any specific pathway, any specific time slot. You just go about your days the way you plan, the way you want. There is no ""okay, end game is now farming rare tomatoes after months of regular crops"", you can invest into an animal farm, a winery, a picklerly, a jellymaker, beehives, artisan goods (processing eggs to mayonaisse, just for one example) - or you can forgo the vanilla and Forage, Mine or Fish your way to fortune.Obviously you can mix and match to your hearts desire.My only, singlemost gripe (besides the wait for Co-Op, my partner and I are really hoping for Marriage in this update, ConcernedApe! <3) would be that you can't move any Animal based buildings once you've built them - the only option being to simply demolish and reconstruct them, which is incredibly costly and can really screw up overall planning if you aren't careful.If you liked Harvest Moon, buy Stardew Valley.If you like the idea of farming mixed in with Dungeon Crawling, buy Stardew Valley.If you like secrets, buy the dang game already!"
,Recommended,413150,21881395,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,fryguy506,Played 20 hours in a 48 hour spand11/1 would waste my life with no signs of stopping again
,Recommended,413150,21541006,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,"Cardi B, Fat Ass (Yuh!)",Literally a top tier game that you should purchase ASAP.
76561198119138883,Recommended,413150,21541310,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gnome,Stardew Valley is really cool. Shane is my fave.
76561197969736449,Recommended,413150,21548686,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,jetriot,It is about damn time that a game of this genre was made for the PC. The developers have taken advantage of the benefits of PC and made arguably the best Harvest Moon type game ever made. I would have paid 3 times as much for this game but they are only selling it for $15! My only hope for this game is that they continue to expand and upgrade it. I am more than willing to pay for more of this kind of content.
,Recommended,413150,21803956,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Epipenguin,Sometimes you get the feeling that a game is going to ruin your life.Stardew gives me that feeling.
,Recommended,413150,21805429,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Luka,Best game ever i recommend it to everyone who likes Harvest Moon games or just like farming games <3
76561198170151625,Recommended,413150,21805642,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jorah2k16,i couldn't get a girlfriend in real life or this game 0/10jk
,Recommended,413150,21809408,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,You Got Rory's BoyShorts!,"This is by far my most favorite awkward-gay simulator, just above fallout 4"
76561198010521017,Recommended,413150,21528836,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Codychan,"Looks at clock1:00 AM""Ok, only one more turn(day)...""3:00 AM"
,Recommended,413150,21531401,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pukas,This game is da BOMB! Can't get enough of it.  <3
76561198032249400,Recommended,413150,21532655,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Lokimora,Was rejected by everyone on dancing festival10/10 realism
76561198326221042,Recommended,413150,25471149,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,pftjosh3c,Big fan of the very first Harvest Moon. This game is definitely a step up from that and in the right direction. There is so much to do and the mechanics of the game are amazing and fun. I highly recommend even if you aren't a huge fan of Harvest Moon at all.
76561198087291877,Recommended,413150,25472888,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Man-Who-Fails,"Stardew Valley is great! Alot of hours can be invested into this game, you can mainly invest in fishing,mining, or farming!But no matter what you do this game always provides something."
,Recommended,413150,23034404,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Lalaryl,"I'm happy that I finally bought this game! Everything about it is so lovely, you can just get lost in your own world and farm like there is no tomorrow. Much like in Harvest Moon, this game offers a lot, the graphics are beyond beautiful and the community is growing so I'm sure this will be one of the few games that people will come back to even after 5 years or so as long as there are computers.Thank you Chucklefish for bringing this to us!"
,Recommended,413150,25475840,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,alrecenk,"This is a farming game, and that aspect is very good, but where this game really shines is in the way it makes you feel like you're living in a real town with real people."
,Recommended,413150,23310686,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SqueeBunny,I cant stop playing this gae it's so simple and relaxing.
76561198025465157,Recommended,413150,25347099,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,yoyoyox3,Chill game with a suprising amount of content considering it was developed by one person.
76561198213640429,Recommended,413150,25365587,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GayNerd,"In my time of having the game Stardew Valley, I've accomplished a many of things, noticed a many of things, and loved a many of things.When I first started the game, I thought it was boring. I couldn't get anywhere, didn't know what to do, couldn't grow things before the deadline because I would plant them late after working on the farm trying to clear it out. Both I and the game was a mess. I even did one of the most horrible things that you could do in that game.I sold all my wood, rock, and fiber.I know this doesn't sound very horrible, but after clearing out my entire farm save a few trees and all the big logs and rocks, I had nothing. I didn't have alot of money after going around buying seeds willy nilly and I didn't have items to craft everything I needed.So I gave up and quit the game. Didn't play for months on end.Then one day, I came back. I decided to start a new game, and from then on I worked on the second game so I could fix my mistakes. After a while I learned a lot of things and thought ""Hey, let's try and fix the other game too.""And so I did. I started growing what seeds I had not planted, sold them all, kept the money that I could, and let my farm grow back some of the tree's, rock, and fiber that I had gotten rid of before.After I got back on track, I started doing other things. I started going to the mines (Mind you, this was a big step for me because honestly I am a scaredy cat, I can't play zombie games or any scary game with monsters in it because I'd chicken out and stop playing), started talking to people in the game and getting hearts, started doing the challenges at the community center, and even started to build buildings like the silo, chicken coop, barn, and eventually, I finally got the stable (Which was my forever goal because horses, who doesn't love them? Especially since they give extra speed).What I'm trying to say is, I love this game. I love the art style, the music, the characters, everything. It's one of those games that you learn to love over time.The only thing I really disliked about this game is your movement speed. When you get the stable and the horse, walking just seems so slow, and even after a while of getting used to the horses speed, it'll seem slow too. But what game doesn't feel like that?If you want to buy this game just to beat it, well, that's gonna take you a while so you better buckle down for a long haul."
76561198082245500,Recommended,413150,24348500,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Inspector Pyro Ren,"When I first saw this game appear on Steam I thought nothing of it, I thought the hype would quickly die down since on the surface it seemed like just another farming simulator, I was wrong.I decided to give the game another look over after a while, and the mining and ""dungeon crawling"" aspect contained in this game caught my attention. Thinking I needed something new to try I decided to give it a shot. Even if none of the other aspects of the game caught my attention I would just be able to sit in the mines and fight monsters.I was wrong once again, I felt myself getting drawn into all of the aspects the game had to offer. Admittingly the game takes about an hour or so to kick off, but I found myself in love with Stardew Valley. I fell in love with all the characters the game had to offer. Once I noticed that my character could get married I made it a personal goal to get my character married to Haley within the first year. I found myself rushing into town every morning, daffodil in hand, trying to raise relationship points with her.I then set daily goals for myself every day. For instance on this day I would clear more area so I can start raising animals, and on this day I will start growing these crops so they'll be ready right before Summer ends. With Stardew Valley there is always so much to do and so many possibilities to experience. 70+ hours in I still find myself using up all the time of day that I have and barely getting home in time for bed!I then found myself trying to make my farm more ""mechanical"". Crafting multiple sprinklers to have my farm functioning at a steady pace to get a large and steady flow of money in. I then found myself losing myself for hours in the fishing and mining mechanics, seeing all the wonderful things they have to offer.I then spent hours playing the mini games featured in the saloon just so I could boast to my friends that I beat the infamous, ""Journey of the Prairie King.""Now, I am coming up on the end of my 2nd in-game year, and I still don't feel like I've even completed half of what the game has to offer at this point. I can happily say that I'm glad that I gave Stardew Valley a chance. Amazing work ConcernedApe!(P.S. The developer made this game all by himself and that in itself is amazing)"
76561198124966953,Recommended,413150,25345123,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bumpkin,"Really good game, worth your money, play it and be happy for the rest of your days. Mod it if you want to spice it up. Or not, the game has a lot to offer.This game is like a delicious cake with so many different pieces to it, and so many cherries on top. Scratch that, any fruit you could ever imagine on top. Drizzled chocolate around that heavenly craft. You are provided with a golden fork to eat that♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Served on a plate made of olympic gold medals. Given to you by a supermodel who burps rainbows, by a beautiful hillside. Don't worry, you'll be able to burp rainbows too after you take a bite. You don't have to eat it all, just take a bite. Didn't like it? then try the other pieces, cause they all taste differently. Yeah, you heard me dawg, try it out. Don't believe me? Prove me wrong, buy this game and don't accidently burp rainbows. That's right, you can't.10/10 - accidently burped rainbows"
,Recommended,413150,21720473,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Get_High II The Real Lord beeruS,This game make me Happy =D
,Recommended,413150,21968357,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Library Sharing,get the gamefarm those papersuse these papers on a bishget more bishes time after timefukc all these bishesprofit
,Recommended,413150,30872349,Posted: 1 April,all,Chriskit,"I love this game, it's the perfect upgrade from my Harvestmoon days :DI know there is a mod for it, but the only thing missing for the original is a multiplayer function!"
,Recommended,413150,24447946,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Lady Tyger,"Okay so I was extremely hopefull. I mean the pictures showed to to be like Harvest moon, and well it is, but more like Rune Factory Frontier, in that you get to go fight things too. I have been playing this game a LOT, but well I do love me a good farming game, and this one meets what I was looking for and hoping for."
76561198025036880,Recommended,413150,24609289,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GTXOC,"Well stardew valley opened my eyes to gaming. The game almost has no compulsion to complete a mission,doesn't hold your hand and drag you down a single path. The world is gorgeous. The game has 4 seasons and each season gives a variety of different crops to grow(except Winter). You can become a farmer chruning out fruits and vegetables. If you want to take a step ahead you can pickle the vegetables and make jam out of the fruits mmm. You can read cattle and hen and they give you milk and eggs which can be turned into cheese and mayo. You can mine for precious metal like gold and silver and turn them into bars. But beware there are monsters in the mine to fight. Later in the game you can also make a brewery. There are so many other things to do and see in Stardew valley.The combat is a bit wonky though and I got trolled in the first month of the game because I didn't realise that the crops would wither and die."
,Recommended,413150,24605697,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Vaultboy13,"Charming, relaxing, and a great value for the price.It's not for everybody."
,Recommended,413150,24556541,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,LtDarthWookie,"After watching several youtube review, lets plays, and my brother in-law sink a large chunk of time into this game I decided I needed to play it. I had just binged 3 Zelda games (OOT, Windwaker HD, Majoras Mask) and wanted a change of pace.This game nailed it. It gives you the option to do just about everything in the game right at the beginning. It gives you the choice to do what you want, you've left the city for the country and it's your farm life, live it how you want!The gameplay is easy to pick up and intuitive, yet with things to figure out that aren't obvious. Those little discoveries and aha moments are fantastic and rewarding. The farming is easy to pick up yet highly in-depth. Sure you can just plant crops and sell them, but you can also balance the use of speed gro or Fertilizer. You can sell the crops you get or you can process them into jellies and wines to get more money, but at the cost of more time. The game doesn't force you into one or the other.You are also able to choose the farming path you want, do you want to focus more of crops or more on livestock? Livestock are like the people and require attention for their affection to grow, and the more the animal likes you the better it's products.Speaking of relationships the ones with the people in town are surprisingly in-depth and well rounded. You do get the feeling that you've been dropped into this pre-existing town and have to learn how to fit in and be a good neighbor, Or be a hermit farmer, it's up to you!The crafting system is also fantastic with many items that you can unlock that will make you a large amount of money on your farm or make farming easier like sprinklers, forges, or mayonnaise machines.I'd have to say what I like most about the game is the lack of structure, stress, or important objectives. This game is a great way to just relax after work. And when we think about it isn't gaming a leisure activity? Not to decry games with intensity and stress as those are certainly enjoyable, but this is a fantastic game to get off of work, grab a beer, and relax."
76561198033429123,Recommended,413150,23876232,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ProfStyn,This game is fun! If you want to be drawn in and play endlessly this is the game for you. This game is incredible addicting and has taken up many hours of my life.
76561198087330871,Recommended,413150,24661086,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,lexxiot,This game is perfectly put together and everyone should play it. :)
76561198067036077,Recommended,413150,24647321,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Raven,My thoughts about this game May or may not be Helpful :)My Thought on this game is : WOWSit back and relax.This is not a your 'Beat in 2 hours game' this is .... -.- *Time ticking* idk how long it will take to beat; gameLove to farm? Lots of farming that needs to be done in the fields :)Want to be a lumberjack? There are tons of trees for you to chop down -.- just dont light a matchWant to be a miner? Get in yee old mines boy :) tons of mining to doWant to be a cowboy with a slingshot? Buy a stable and Saddle up partner :)Want to find a nice boyfriend or girlfriend? Go out there and find your true love :)Want to just hunt monsters for a living? -.- be careful even though there is a hospital in town. them slimes are hungryJust want to fish all day? Anywhere there is water; just chuck your line out far :)Need a Time killer? You can watch grass grow (Literaly) or watch metal melt20/10 Love is <3
,Recommended,413150,22391318,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Mr. Needful,"$15 is an absolute STEAL for this game. Wait for a sale if you must, but you will easily get dozens, if not hundreds, of quality gameplay hours from your purchase.The amount of outside effort I've invested in this game is staggering. Compiling lists of gifts for the social aspects, mapping out farm expansion, creating a full calendar for crop rotation...I've played full D&D games where I used less paper and ink. This is a game you will want to master, and make absolutely perfect, because it's easily within your grasp, but you have to work at it for a long time. Does that make sense? You constantly feel like you'reachievingacheivingaccomplishing something with this game, short term, mid, and long. It's also interesting because there are no manual saves, just auto-saves at the end of each day, so there's no going back to change your destiny. This is your life now.One thing I do want to point out is how incredible the community is. The discussion boards are always lively and helpful, and once Steam Workshop is enabled we're going to see an explosion of modding (though without Workshop it's already quite robust). The developer himself is also very active in listening to the community when it comes to updates, and is constantly working on improvements to the game. This is a game that will be viable for years to come, and I look forward to putting a thousand hours into it."
76561198157438247,Recommended,413150,23363242,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SirDoggington,"This game is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much fun. It may seem like a boring game and you can ""Chores simulator"" and you will be right, but it is still great. I would recommend this game to all my friends but, it might not be the game for you. Check out Projared and SpaceHamster's review videos about this and determine yourself if this is a game you want"
76561198314495823,Recommended,413150,24525979,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,hessa_12,;sc;
76561198093915947,Recommended,413150,24566808,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Skyfy812,Easily one of my favorite games I have ever played.  Highly reccomended if you enjoy Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon
,Recommended,413150,24567953,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,shah,friend told me this is unmature game..not a single care..10/10
,Recommended,413150,24587430,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Raviticus,It good.
,Recommended,413150,24583115,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,A Half Sane Sentient Spooksmith,bought the game on july 21st 2016. writing this review on july 28th. I have had the game for a week and have nearly 40 hours played. I do not have a problem.
76561198072738974,Recommended,413150,24544636,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Meantangerinejmp,Surprisingly challenging and very addicting.
,Recommended,413150,24324114,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,AZNMamba24,"""Oh a farming simulator""... spend first dozen hours making a farm empire to make MONEY... next it turns into a dating simulator and I'm pressured to keep up relations with all the girls. A farming and dating simulator AND you get a nice pointy thing to kill monsters! Three in one package 10/10!Seriously... time will fly.... It's the Civ of simulators.Just one more day..."
,Recommended,413150,24413178,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,xJose,"For a hardcore Harvest moon series fan, I really love this game. The story, the bundles.. everything was spot on. The music was soothing and the gameplay was really peaceful. Recommended game 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22662790,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Cosmoknaut,"It's so good. It's Harvest Moon meets Rune Factory--all the charm and dulcet atmosphere of the former meeting the faster-paced, engaging pace and openness of the latter. There's a lot to do in this game. In Harvest Moon titles (especially the recent ones), I find I often get tremendously bored very quick with how slow the game progresses and how little there is to do when you're just starting out (and let's not even mention the hour and a half freaking tutorial all HM games start with).Stardew Valley drops you pretty much right into it. Any tutorials are a tiny box of text long. The rest is up to you to figure out, and I'm pleased to say it's all very intuitive. Right away, you're able to get into what makes Harvest Moon games so much fun! I've only sunk 25 hours into it so far, but from what I can tell, in spite of how quickly this game moves, it still has tons and tons of content to offer that will keep me busy for at least another 25 hours more (and then some, I reckon)!I super duper recommend this game. You can tell its a labor of love, one that you're going to love laboring in."
76561198100683840,Recommended,413150,22229320,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,I AM SO AWESOME,In the first day and a half I have platyed 18 hours of this game it is absolutely amazing I highly recommend this is you like indie games it is at the top of its game!
76561198258060861,Recommended,413150,23560792,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[MEOW] Traaxx,"Wow... This is one of the best simulation games EVER! If you like farming/simulation games, then this is for you!10/10I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS!"
76561198115398358,Recommended,413150,30795949,Posted: 28 March,all,Bruhzzza | Reserk,I recommend you Dew buy this game. I rate this 5 Stars out of ten. Valley of Honor friend. Oh and...Dew it.
,Recommended,413150,23074548,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jicle,Why do you need this game? Think of the last time you played a video game that was so good you thought about it every time you weren't playing it. This game will consume your life. You will be addicted. You will lose track of time. But you will love every damn second of it.
76561197972074356,Recommended,413150,23762174,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,irGrimm,Such greatness
,Recommended,413150,21671433,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,draw792,"Influenced by Harvest Moon (heavily), Animal Crossing (lightly) and Terraria (lightly), a great game to scratch that Harvest Moon itch on the PC."
,Recommended,413150,21930804,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kappreh,Do you love animals? Do you love fruits and vegetables? Do you love romance? Do you love getting rich? Do you love random sexual innuendos? This is the game for you.
76561198015374694,Recommended,413150,21612698,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,lymerik,"I love this game, there is so much you can do in it!If you like Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, or Animal Crossing, definitely give this game a try!Thank you Concerned Ape for making such an awesome game!!"
,Recommended,413150,23760846,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,jamsterfudge,"Its amazing how games that are as tranquil as this one are so addicting too. It's such a great game because of lots of reasons.One of them being that you can explore and interact with many diiferent things, but also keep yourself occupied with the vast amount of Farming, Quests and all of the Foraging, Mining, Collecting and just getting lost in the atmosphere of this glorious setting.To say that this game is better than some AAA titles is an understatment. It defintely deserves the attention it's getting and I strongly advise everyone to play it!Overall, one of the best pixellated and side on games ever made, in my opinion :)"
,Recommended,413150,23204234,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Marie Antoinette,"very fun and exciting game, if you like harvest moon then you will love stardew valley"
76561198277035767,Recommended,413150,23727117,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BeastmodeCTR,Best Game I have ever played
76561198043973814,Recommended,413150,22405802,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Spoopy♥,Be prepared to say goodbye to your life once you get this game.
76561198057302058,Recommended,413150,22625696,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,#DanTheMan,"You can lose hours to this game but feel so accomplish.  Even when not playing I find myself thinking of the game and what possible things I can do to improve my farm, also why my chickens are always grumpy."
76561198165137013,Recommended,413150,22624004,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,konfettee,I hesitated buying this game and sat on it for two weeks before going ahead and getting it...I forsee myself sitting in front of this game for two weeks (minimum) nonstop. What a lovely game!
,Recommended,413150,22635142,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,100% GERMAN POWER,"One guy made this game. ONE GUY. Seriously astounds me how a single person can make so much content in a game!To be perfectly honest with you, I never suspected that I would actually like this game. It was more a an impulse buy because I kept seeing this title in every single Youtube video. I thought it was some Harvest Moon/Farmville ripoff, and boy was I wrong.There are multiple ""routes"" in this game, in a sense that it doesn't force you that ""YOU MUST PLANT CROPS OR YOU WILL BE BANKRUPT"" kind of way. Instead, you can not only farm crops, you can also go mining for rare minerals, raise animals and get their products, go fishing and get legendary fish, get 999 bee hives and get rich from honey, plant 999 pine trees and get rich off their resin, etc. There's even a small degree of combat in this game, and quite a large variety of items you can craft. Additionally, you can upgrade your buildings (which consist of the coop, barn, and your house) to further cater to a wider range of livestock and needs.There are also unlockable areas that you can open up after you do certain tasks (e.g. complete certain ""quests"" or upgrade your gear), which further expands on the amount of places to explore and things to collect.One of the key features in the game is socialising, which means either talking to the residents daily, or giving them gifts. Each resident are unique in terms of their favourite gifts. What's shocking is that each resident has unique behaviour every single day, and changes with each season! For example, one resident might go to the bar every Thursday night at Spring, but can be found in ____ location every Thursday night in Winter.Romance is quite a strong feature as well. While you progress in earning the person's affections, cutscenes will play here and there to further develop the character's personality and bond with you. If you manage to get a full rating in one of the romance options, you can actually marry them and get them to move in to your house, even getting kids!Festivals are a nice welcome in this game, and adds on to the realism of the game and camaraderie with the residents. They have popular holidays like Christmas and Halloween, while infusing Stardew Valley's unique events like the Spring Dance and the Stardew Valley Fair (where you get to display your best products in a competition).Another feature is the day/night cycle, which I thougth was a very nice addition. While the day/night cycle mostly affects the type of fish you can get while fishing, if you stay up too late you might get fatigued the next morning or even black out.There are probably other features that I forgot to mention in this review, because there are way to damn many. And while playing this game, remember: One guy made this god damn game. One.Edit: Even heard that the developer plans to add free DLC and multiplayer in the future. Daheck."
,Recommended,413150,21962376,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Pandemic,"This game is worth it on every level.It combines RPG and simulator in a really cool way, with the added bonus of things like a dungeon-esque mine system and a challenging fishing mechanism that keep it from becoming mundane. And the developer (one dude built this ENTIRE game... that blows me away) is still working on new updates and tweaks for it!It's so easy to sink time into this game, and so, so worth it."
76561197976173598,Recommended,413150,22154437,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,jccarter1,"I love this game, because It's whatever I want it to be on that day.It can be a fight against time when I'm rushing to harvest and plant crops or manage my animals.It can be a zen experience when I'm just admiring my farm and riding my horse through the valley.It can be a fun social experience when I'm gathering presents and talking to villagers to learn what makes them happy.The whole game is really want you want it to be, and that's the best part. Play it."
,Recommended,413150,22669028,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DBDKevin,this game is awesome
,Recommended,413150,22623099,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,CamKiller92299,Addicting AF
,Recommended,413150,21976434,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Moonkingdomify,"I effectively school daysed it up.10/10 great game, must play.P.S. Love you if you know what I mean."
,Recommended,413150,22626652,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mont Montmont,5/7 good game
,Recommended,413150,22350280,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,rainbowsparky,"Total time sink, but worth it. I love Harvest Moon, but this is even better. Much more variety in crops and animals, and less impossible and overwhelming to complete any goals. So good."
,Recommended,413150,21882864,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Serena,"Extremely addicting and fun game. If you like Sims, Starbound, Terraria, Don't Starve, or Mabinogi, you'll probably like this game as well. It's super fun. I've had it for a few days now and I'm hooked."
,Recommended,413150,22980789,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Jackie Frye,It's charming!
76561198049118451,Recommended,413150,22903597,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,TooWhite890,"I love this game, ive played many other Harvest Moon and Rune Factory games and this game does the genre justice. For any long time player you can pick up little nuances that the creator even pulled from the games as little tips of the hat and I love every moment of it. Wasn't sure if $14 was a good price incase this was a ""crappie indie ripoff"" but after playing 40+ hours worth I'd say it'd be one I'd be happy to pay the $40 for a regular HM game. Way to go ConceredApe!"
,Recommended,413150,22903785,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Charles Stiles,"I got excited when I bought some cows, but then I realised I didn't own a silo. I spent all of winter gathering materials.Then I found out that I could buy hay...10/10 would starve cows again."
,Recommended,413150,22903898,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Gripts,"Oh my.. what a lovely game.I'll start my review by saying that I mainly have been playing FPS games for most of my life (COD, CS series, battlefield, etc.) but I decided that maybe I needed to try something relaxing.Boy was I right.If there's one thing I like about this game the most, it's that it takes you out of reality and makes you focus on everything behind my monitor. Instead of googling ""how to ask out girls in real life,"" I found myself researching ""How to ask out Leah to the flower dance."" As funny and kinda sad as it is, I'm happy this way, watering my crops daily and then setting out to town to figure out what's new for the day, how I can help my fellow townsfolk, and most importantly, how to get all of the girls to like me.Although I have only about 7 hours on the game at the time of writing this review, it's worth noting that I obtained those hours in less than 24 hours of owning the game (still had time for school work).While the game is great to get into it's full depth, there's still a lot that I haven't even skimmed yet. I still petty amounts of hours on other games, and I've squeezed them dry of content, while this game? I can't wait to get home every day just to start farming again!While this review is getting longer, I guess I'll make a pro & con list so you know what you are expecting when (not if, because you will buy this game) you start to play.PROS:- There are many features that make gameplay work smoothly (trees turn translucent when walking behind them)- All NPC characters aren't just stuck in one spot the whole time, instead they have set schedules and bedtimes, etc which make for a fairly realistic game as a 2d farming simulator can get- The day/night cycle have an effect on your character's energy (gettting drowsy are you near midnight)- Loads of content, with NPC lines, quests, plants to find- MODDING!!! (I haven't actually downloaded any mods yet, but just by skimming through ones out now this game could last forever)- Music is relaxing and adjusts to your situation- Each time I walk around the island, it feels like a new experience because of all the NPC possibilites and movement of what I thought were sentric objects~~ That's it for pros at the time of making... obviously most things are a + in this gameCONS:- Clicking to where you perform an action can sometimes be glitchy, it seems that your mouse can be anywhere, but when you click, the action is performed in the direction that the character is facing. I get a lot of accidental tilled land this way.- No way to save unless you sleep. While this makes sense, it's not a perfect choice imo. If I have to leave and turn off my computer, I'm usually compelled to finish the day and deliver a birthday present or some nonsense, which leads to me playing more and making me lose track of time.- No money value shown on items when you put them up for sale- Energy is s♥♥♥♥♥tic, it's lost when water plants, but not when swinging a scythe at 50+ jungle weeds- ""Sprinting"" is slower than normal walking.. wut- The food system isn't great... it seems unrewarding to fish and eat said fish when the energy gained back is minimal, and you can just sell the fish & sleep to regain energy,I know the cons list seems larger than the pros, but as you play, the pros start to feel normal, and the cons stick out like a jagged knife. They are DEFINITELY not game breaking, but just minor things that would be great to fix. :)In all, this game is a must-buy. Every experience is better than the last, and the replay value is insane with the addition of mods. I hope you guys like my review! Enjoy the valley, and make sure you relax. Don't stress over not being able to give your last fish to Leah!"
76561198068452531,Recommended,413150,22902769,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,chupe,Says I only have .4 hours on record. I didn't boot through steam for at least 150 hours of playtime. This game is really fun. Has a good nostalgia to it that keeps it entertaining. Many different paths you can take
,Recommended,413150,22905591,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Vikingwolf,"please send help, cannot stop playing!"
76561198206509128,Recommended,413150,23089079,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bironic,"Oh my goodness, bless this game. Let's get right to it....1) The gameplay can get a little repetitive BUT it's all really relaxing and calming and there's almost always room for more improvement (and if that's not enough, you can add some mods to spice it up).2) The music is AMAZING and much high quality than expected. I could listen to it all day.3) Everyone is (seemingly) 2d characters in the beginning, but later on, when you continue to gain more hearts with villagers, everyone's true colors and thoughts show a much deeper character.4) You can't leave. You'll always come back to Stardew Valley. Maybe you'll a have a break for a month or two.But you'll come back.You'll come back."
76561198118881224,Recommended,413150,23304692,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Cheetos_Meme_kid,Best game 10/10
,Recommended,413150,23267868,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,doodles613,"If you want to basically not play anything else till you 100% complete this game, then this is the game for you.  If square would get their heads out of their rear ends and realise that harvest moon is a goldmine, and it could be so much more, they would have made this game...but thankfully some random guy did and its awsome.  I acutally like this game more then the orignal, and the upgrades to gameplay really enhance on the core of what harvest moon was, all without some idiotic convluted ""plot"".  The only negative is that there is no real way to play are the corporate drone, you recieve many handycaps, so I'd like to see that become a more viable option."
,Recommended,413150,23304115,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TNT54321BOOM,"If you are a fan of Harvest Moon as well as crafting games, this game is definitely for you.Every aspect of the game from mining and fighting to farming and fishing seem balanced.  There are updates that have balanced things out to a greater extent, but even then, considering that there is no cutoff point or real losing, you are not really at a significant setback at any point in time.  The sense of urgency, however is still there, as certain things can only be accomplished during specific season/days/events, and the many quests that can either be completed whenever or within a few days.  As a Harvest Moon fan, I hate to say it but I definitely think this game is the better of the two. (Of course Harvest Moon is better for its time and this game is heavily inspired by it.) With that said, this game simply includes more aspects, making it a bit more of a life simulator.Verdict: Its hard to find a single complaint. A+"
,Recommended,413150,23337579,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ash I Sycamore,Stardew Valley is a very nice change of pace. Decent characters and music on top of an engaging setting have formed a blend you don't normally find.Yes/10
76561198192722495,Recommended,413150,23291779,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Starman1,Pros: Great artWide variety of gameplayFun gameplayLots of personality in the charactersRelaxingGreat storyCons: uhhhhhhhhhhhoverall rating: 10/10
,Recommended,413150,23344168,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Rob Boss,l3ba 7lwa 5ok
76561198113120603,Recommended,413150,23350304,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,PumbaaRulz,if you like harvest moon you will like this.Great Game
,Recommended,413150,23336819,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Pastel,One... More... Day.
,Recommended,413150,23330629,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,EgoMouse,"This review is based on my first playthrough to Spring 11, year 3 with around 81 hours logged in.My playthrough was more on the casual side, trying to prioritize socialization and not rushing on community center bundles (as they make the game a whole lot easier). This review won’t really touch on what you really do in this game and the differences from Harvest Moon (known as Bokujō Monogatari in Japan, which has recently changed it’s name here in the states to Story of Seasons) and instead just summarizes my key thoughts on the game throughout my playthrough. I’ll be referring to Harvest Moon as Bokujō Monogatari in this review to avoid confusion about the whole Story of Seasons/Harvest Moon shenanigans that happened fairly recently.Stardew Valley is a fun farming game made by one person (from my understanding). It is a very impressive game and one of the prettier indie games. I am a fan of the Bokujō Monogatari games and they’re considered one of my favorite game series. Stardew Valley has some differences from Bokujō Monogatari but overall, a person that is already familiar with the Bokujō Monogatari series should be able to get into Stardew Valley quite easily.Positives:-There’s no huge tutorial in the game. This can also be a negative for those that don’t play this type of game. You’re immediately in the gameplay and not limited too much.-There’s a variety of things you can do at the beginning of the game, from fishing to mining to farming. It’s not hugely limited.-Highly addicting.-Some customization. You can design a pretty good amount of land on your farm and some on town. However, I did placed a chest outside the Carpenter’s store and it got removed days later. Not sure if it was a bug or not. There’s also a pretty good amount of customization on your character. There’s a lot of shirts.-I really like the level up system. I can feel the amount of progress being made and I can have goals in mind.-The cutscenes in this game are great. It’s worth getting friendship points for the cutscenes in my opinion. It helps flesh out the characters more.-Amazing soundtrack.-Same-sex relationships. Alright, most people might skip over this feature, but this really is annoying in Bokujō Monogatari games since they don’t have this feature. It’s one of the reasons why I’m excited for this game and it might ruin me from other Harvest Moon games.-Replayability. Due to the openess and exploration in this game, it’s easy to start new files and do things differently.Negatives:-This is a game I’ve encountered a lot of minor bugs. While not gamebreaking, it is a bit annoying. For example, the cursor not being visible yet you’re able to click. Or it seems the NPC had something to say but no text box appears (it makes a quick sound as if the box was supposed to appear).-Minor annoyances. For example, not being able to pick up small animals similar to Bokujō Monogatari. Chickens, ducks, and bunnies can easily get in your way. Animals can also get in the way when wanting to construct new farm buildings (my chicken was in the way and I was unable to place the farm building). I rather have it so the animals aren’t shown during the “planning” section of construction as it can waste a bit of your time.-NPC’s tend to say the same things a lot. I end up skimming through them quickly.-Not too much “end game”. While this game doesn’t really end, once you get to the point of around year 2, you’re most likely making a ton of money. At that point, there’s not too much to really buy. This game is at it’s strongest in the beginning and mid game. However, you might end up going after achievements and farm building which will add up game time. The good news is that “end game” is still many hours in and you can easily spend 60+ hours just getting to year 3. Bokujō Monogatari games can also suffer from this so I won’t consider it too huge of a deal.Overall, I really like this game. There’s some annoying parts of the game especially with the animals and the minor bugs. I am looking forward to updates and patches to this game. I find the price of this game to be pretty generous for the amount of fun and gameplay you’ll get from it. I really like the openess to the game that playthoughs won’t be the same. It’s interesting to watch streams/videos of this game as well just to see what other people are doing differently from you (such as farm layout). Everything you can do in the game can give you progress and no item is really useless. A lot of things tend to connect with each other and leaving certain tasks out can affect other parts of the game. For example, you can progress through your combat skill and end up killing a bunch of bugs that drop bug meat. That bug meat can be crafted into bait for fishing. Without combat, you might end up buying bait from Willy which could drain money if you’re really into fishing. Fish can be used for crafting quality fertilizers for crops. The list can go on.So far, this game might be my Game of the Year."
,Recommended,413150,23298549,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,SamusBamus,"Stardew Valley has such a wonderful story. I'm enjoying every minute of it! It has sort of a Harvest Moon feel to it with some newer aspects, so if you enjoyed that franchise you'll really enjoy this game. I'm quite happy with it. Also, the soundtrack is phenomenal. c:"
76561198135956147,Recommended,413150,23380793,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,SillyHatter,"So... I really love this game. You can do so many different things beside farming like fishing, mining, etc. I love the heart events and the fact that you can marry anyone no matter the gender. Sometimes the heart events for the single people don't make me feel very attached, but I still like them. The only problem I'm having with the game at the moment is the donations for the museum. I've filled up the top portion of the museum, but my backpack isn't disappearing (which I saw in a video that it's supposed to do that) and it won't let me place anymore donations on the lower portion of the museum. Please help with this! DX Also, I'm married, but for some reason I still have boyfriends and girlfriends. Another bug? Either way, I still recommend this game. It's a lot of fun to play and will definitely suck you in. :D"
76561198067522460,Recommended,413150,21991618,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,AlphaSpooks56,"First launch: ""Oh! This game looks neat. Kinda reminds me of Harvest Moon! Let's do this!""Half an hour in: ""I'm in love...""10/10 Harvest Moon 2.0"
76561198076300265,Recommended,413150,24235123,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,schralepin,"10/10 I forsee quite a few more hours going into playing this wonderful game. I am allowing myself to sink into the valley and it appears to be consuming most of my waking time. Certainly feels like a far better Harvest Moon, farming, mining, slaying monsters, foraging, dealing with people, fishing, and crafting. Can't wait to find out more as I am still not to far into the game but all I can suggest is that you buy this game and let it take over your life for a month or two. The community Ctr is going to take awhile to restore..."
76561198154471303,Recommended,413150,24235422,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kelsia,"If you're on the fence about whether you should buy this game, dont be. It's fun, casual and additctive.I have fallen for this game hook line and sinker, there is so much to do and so much more in the future im sure (co-op mode baby). Easily has became one of my favourite games :D and may have become obsessed... but hey whatcha gonna do.The only issue i would have with this game is the fishing mechanic as it can be a little awkward, but the modding community has created ways of getting around that!Get this game trust me you won't regret it :P∞/10"
76561198310595769,Recommended,413150,24238956,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Living Robot,"This game, calms me but alos allows that added mining/fighting monsters vibe. it is a game i  go to after a stresssing day, it is enjoying all around. The story the NPC's, all have a large amount of thought put into them when you play the game you can see that and that's what i love about it. 20/10"
76561198126833113,Recommended,413150,24288778,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Boomstreak,This game is the best farming simulator i have ever played. Anyone who wants a peaceful game to relax and play I highly sudgest giving this game a shot.
,Recommended,413150,24288871,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Vexans27,-Farm-Farm Some More-Mine-Fight-Get Married-More Farming-Gamble-Fish-Raise Animals-Even more farming-Give Trash to people you hate-Make Wine-Get Drunk-Have Kids-Farm once more
76561198187841853,Recommended,413150,24269219,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Crayation,"When I first purchased stardew valley I wasn't really expecting much, but after i started playing i was instantly hooked, wonderful game with a nice atmosphere, pretty pixle graphics, and a nice little soundtrack."
76561198020822530,Recommended,413150,21656547,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The7thSaint,"Won a Stardrop at a festival, tripped balls and had thoughts of ""♥♥♥♥♥."" Max energy was increased.10/10 Would trip balls and think of ♥♥♥♥♥ again."
76561198096098770,Recommended,413150,21657050,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sashoks,"i got it this friday, *Already has 24 hours in* its a really good time waster, so much to do."
,Recommended,413150,21657266,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Минрад,waifu simulator with crop grinding
76561198054810206,Recommended,413150,21575278,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Darkstaar,"*asks girl to dance*""Ew...No""Just like real life -10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21575832,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,| Skylette |,"Help! This game is slowly taking over my days! :OFor anyone who likes farming, crafting, mining, fishing and lotsa gathering on a cutesy art style, then this game is just for you!You will have hours of fun game time in this!Its relaxing and there are plenty of things you can do....and there are lots more of things The Developer plans to add! Like MULTIPLAYER!So hurry and enjoy the game! :3"
,Recommended,413150,21577067,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Greatest Teacher Onizuka,its pretty fun
76561198048944207,Recommended,413150,21579663,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,verrigo,This game is very realistic. Got rejected by a girl  just like real life. Why are you reading reviews. Buy this game now.
76561198252602954,Recommended,413150,21581042,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Fury,Fun little game that has resparked my love for farming adventure games. not much playtime yet but for 5 hours worth i feel like i have barley even scratched the surface.
,Recommended,413150,21587761,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,zer0xll,"The game is great, cant wait until multiplayer."
,Recommended,413150,21588752,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,The Human Cabbage,Good
76561197985742155,Recommended,413150,21617724,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Saelum,The amount of content and love put into this game is extraodinary. This has been the first game I have played in a long time that has had that feeling of mystery and wonder that made me fall in love with video games as a kid. Cant recommend this game enough.
76561197989793996,Recommended,413150,21621596,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,wnipper,"Best part about this game?  There's just enough story for you to create your own narrative around it.  For example...If you take the G and turn it into a $, then add a decimal one space to the left, you become a city-slicking hipster who usurps his grandfather's farm and upcharges the hell out of the neighbors for ""GMO-free, free range, artisan farm goods"".If you move that decimal two places to the left, you're now a disenchanted youth who decided to move to the country and is struggling to survive on the meager earnings of a small-farm owner.I give it a perfect 5/7.  Would charge $10.00 for a jar of mayonnaise again."
76561197992747225,Recommended,413150,21627762,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Docile Blemmigan,"15 bucks for an amazing game with lots of content and a dev who updated it 4 times during its first week out (and yes, ""a dev"" as in one dev who not only did 4 updates in a week, but also built the game himself).Every aspect of the game at least met if not exceeded my expectations.Fishing is hard, but in a fulfilling way and you can get better at it (not only by leveling up, but just with practice).Farming can be a lot of work (waking up early to water ever plant), but it is rewarding and things like spriklers and tool upgrades will make things easier.Villager interaction is decent (let's face it, NPC interaction is pretty bad in most sandbox games). On the face of it, dialogue can be as lackluster and repetitive as a Harvest Moon game. However, various special events as you become better friends with people liven it up.Combat is good (although personally I do not like the slingshot), not too challanging, but it sometimes involves timing which is nice because it seperates it from simple buttonmashing.I like mining because of a few things, mainly the elevator and geodes. The elevator is a good mechanic to me because while it saves your place, making the mine more accessable for short peroids of time, it motivates you to go just a few levels farther to get to the next checkpoint. And I enjoy the anticipation of finding out what is inside the geodes that you can find.Experienced a few bugs, all minor and non-disruptive. Made a few mistakes because the controls can be a little frustrating sometimes (mainly when farming, the cursor for watering/hoeing sometimes lands where I didn't want it). And there are a few small non-user-friendly bits here and there that I'm sure will be fixed or we can live with (like when you walk to the carpenter shop to have a building built, and then it says that you cannot build it because you forgot to clear out a single pinecone).9.5/10 for me."
,Recommended,413150,21602163,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,OmegaOnion,"This game is amazingly reminicent of Harvest Moon, with it's own characters and new content. This is an excellent game if you are at all interested in the farming sim genre. If you aren't then you don't even have to play it that way. You can farm crops or animals or go fishing or mining. There's also a pretty large amount of content. I'm 27hour in and I haven't met all the characters or unlocked all the zones yet."
,Recommended,413150,21631942,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,August,Grew up on harvest moon games.This♥♥♥♥♥♥is dank10/10 will play for the rest of my life.
,Recommended,413150,21649897,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Aura,I only just got it and I'm already addicted. Would for sure recommend.
76561198057069544,Recommended,413150,21670449,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,сука блять (Dman),My first session was 10 hours long. I wasn't able to function afterwards or see properly. ALSO F**K YOU LEAH FOR NOT DANCING WITH ME.
,Recommended,413150,21680583,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,"POGEfest, Ph.D.",Like Harvest Moon but without the burden of owning a console or handheld
76561198030783444,Recommended,413150,21683242,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Forever Fox,"Put off writing term papers and stayed up until 6am the first night playing just to get through Spring. Still have Summer, Fall, and Winter ahead of me.  10/10 would ruin my academic career all over again."
76561197970974951,Recommended,413150,21685896,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,[BS] Volsung,This game is great.  Highly addictive.  Definitely recommend if you enjoy the Harvest Moon and/or Animal Crossing Sim genre.For only $14.99 USD it has exceeded my expectations.Developer has listed in his FAQ to add 4-player co-op in near future.  Can't wait!
,Recommended,413150,23049486,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,LeilaKalupe,"I absolutely adore this game! I have spent so much time playing it. and its so addictive. I hope that in the near future Shane becomes a marriage candidate, I originally wanted to marry him when i first started playing! I hope for multiplayer too! If you are looking for a game that is very relaxing and adorable as heck. this is the game you got to play!"
,Recommended,413150,25375537,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,BAL - MNS,Needs steam workshop!
,Recommended,413150,25376730,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Phycoticrainbow,"I've been playing this game for months now. I've put in 100+ hours into this game. There is always something to do and some times there aren't enough hours in an in-game day to do everything you want to get done. Tend your crops, fix up your land, fish, forage, mine, fight, build, make goods, do favors for your neighbors, woo that cute boy or girl. There is so much that you're getting for 15 dollars that it is absolutely crazy. It's more than worth it for this game. Even with my 100+ hours into this game I'm still not finished with everything. I'm still building and learning new things about this game."
,Recommended,413150,25473638,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Joranous,"This an amazing PC version of the Harvest Moon"" series and with the annouced upcoming changes reported for version 1.1 I'll be excited to start up a new farm. And then the future multiplayer support which is also reported to be in the works and I can see spending even more time ""on the farm"""
,Recommended,413150,25463332,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,GinKadia,"If you like Haverst Moon type games, then you'll love Stardew Valley!"
,Recommended,413150,25464333,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ReaperSheep,"What? You haven't bought this game already? Seriously, its beyond fantastic and you should play right now if you love Harvest Moon type games."
76561198099013263,Recommended,413150,22599281,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,sephysaurus,This game has made me really happy :)
,Recommended,413150,25436302,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Travisgrr,Very fun game and is very easy to get addicted to! Be Careful!!
,Recommended,413150,25171653,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,frick,This game is amazing. The music is incredibly thematic and well-suited; the characters loveable; the game play and tasks addictive not to mention the plethora of other things you can enjoy in this pleasantly saccharine game.
76561198038471409,Recommended,413150,23061517,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Marky,GG
76561198203833497,Recommended,413150,25454826,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Königin der Flammen,"I think it's safe to say I really liked this game, haha. Very ""Harvest Moon"" in feel, but you're allowed to pick your character's gender and sexual orientation. Cute graphics with plenty to do."
,Recommended,413150,25461783,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Morrinn,"A wonderful spiritual successor to Harvest Moon, Stardew Valley manages to make the mundane task of farming exciting. Whats more is that even post release, the developer is working on free content updates for future patches, not in paid DLC packages. That alone is worth your support."
76561198093875025,Recommended,413150,25492512,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,wbruan,Such a surprisingly rich and addictive game!
,Recommended,413150,21704075,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,❤️.NeKo.❤,Best Game of 2016 For GODDAMM!!!!!SURE!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198066693345,Recommended,413150,21704531,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Kayfons,"This game gives me so many happy feelings. It's sweet, humourous and frequently surprising.Gameplay requires enough planning and work to be rewarding but not frustrating. The very nature of crop sowing, watering and harvesting is repetitive, and yet the random moments keep you hooked, I mean who expects to find a pig in a fez while out foraging for hazlenuts?I've been playing PC games for over 25 years and this is absolutely now in my top three. Good job!"
,Recommended,413150,21711128,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,FrostyFreeze_,"I find this game pretty cute and fun for the little that I've played. The only problem I have with it is that the arrow, number, and letter keys will not work half of  the time and I can no longer play it. I'd love to play more of the game, and have tried everything in my power to fix it (including switching to a new keyboard)."
76561198069806717,Recommended,413150,21711162,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,woodnleg,This is what crack cocaine must feel like.
,Recommended,413150,21717594,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Platinum Disco,I told my gay friend to buy this gameHe said it looked gayI asked him if he meant happyor flamingly homosexualHe told me a little bit of bothAnd then I went to the in game danceand nobody wanted to dance with meand I cried0/10 not happy at all
76561198068637843,Recommended,413150,21718674,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,sunn_spearit,"Got this about 3 1/2 days ago. I have a trip planned to see family for 4 days. I wish I could cancel it so I can play more. 9/10 Would get addicted again.EDIT: Ok, so I've been playing this game for about 3 weeks now; so here's a better review --(TL;DR -- Overall the game is really good, the artstyle is charming, the music is nice, the linear gameplay is refreshing and it really captures the overall tone of older games without being pretentious. The game code still needs to be ironed out a bit more to remove bugs, and the RNG and first month should probably be retooled to make for a more streamlined introduction.)GOOD-Tone: This game is great for matching the initial tone for those older games people in my generation loved, such as Animal Crossing, Harvest Moon and even Dark Cloud (somewhat). It's set around the idea of repetition and constant linear progression which makes it very easy to quantify how well you're doing and what you should be doing next.-Art: The art is charming, bright and colorful. Characters and sprites look unique and are easily identified. Each area of the map (and sector of the mines and such) has it's own unique look that really helps to sell the valley as it's own world, the color palette use is really good at creating tone that also pays homage to a lot of traditional SNES maps.-Replay value: You can make your farm differently to focus on different things, romance different characters, download mods made by players etc. The game also lends itself well to restarting and just being more productive in the second run-through, since you know all the ins and outs. (My second character did nearly double what my first character did in the same amount of time)- Sound: The music overall is nice and soothing; each season has a couple music tracks, some buildings and cutscenes have their own, as well as special areas. The tracks themselves tie the game into an older game style, which reinforces it being a Harvest Moon clone initially.MIXED-Game Information: The game (purposely) leaves the player in the dark a fair amount, which leads to a lot of googling and forum crawling. Some people like this, some people don't. Overall, some of the game introduction and the first month could be retooled to help players a little bit more to not entirely waste the first month if they didn't happen to read up on the game first. Thankfully, as it stands, the community is filling in the gaps really quickly.BAD-Bugs: The game is still sometimes buggy, which can make some parts of the game frustrating since so much of the game mechanics center around the day/week/month cycle. Examples are:Fruit trees not growing within the 28 day period (1 in game month) due to unchangeable tiles, or other random things (8 tiles around are supposed to be clear, but sometimes they don't grow even if they are), pregnancy being delayed by giving gifts to bachelors or bachelettes and having to restart the process. These things do not always happen, but when they do, it does dampen an otherwise solid game session.-RNG: The drop rates of some items (specifically duck feathers and rabbit feet) should be changed to drop more consistently so that people who really fast tracked their animals to complete the community center bundle don't need to rely so heavily on RNG. This is an issue simply because even if your animals are at 5 hearts, the items may still never drop within your first 2 years (which affects the cutscene at the start at year 3). This is inadvertently punishing the player even if they do everything they're supposed to do, and in a game like this, getting a good rating should be reliant on planning and good time economy, not RNG. 1 duck feather and 1 rabbit foot should be required to drop before the 26th of Winter, year 2."
76561198084436147,Recommended,413150,21721490,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Shadow Fire,11/10
,Recommended,413150,21758092,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,parkace,"This game as of 3/10/16, had acheived 425,000 copys sold.Lets do the math.425,000 x 15.00(dollars per sale) = 6,375,000MILLION DOLLARS.MILLIONS. OF. DOLLARS.This game hasn't been out for TWO WEEKS YET.HACKSThis is ConcernedApe's FIRST PROJECT.HIS FIRST GAME. MILLIONS OF DOLLARS. TWELVE DAYS.Gaben be damned.Everything about Stardew Valley: 11/10Buy it. NOW. OR YOU'LL die in HELL."
76561198067694490,Recommended,413150,21759851,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mr. Kinneas,Spent 500 gold to buy new sword only for one of the first slimes I kill with it to drop a much better weapon.10/10 Game
,Recommended,413150,21760220,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Eggabooha,bought some pumpkinsplanted and watered pumkinswent to sleepwoke up and it turned into cornnow i am a corn farmer... NO ONE CAN BEAT MY CORN EMPIRE!10/10 would force people to eat corkins again. (yes. my corn is called corkins)
,Recommended,413150,21763271,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mattk50,13/12Better than Harvest Moon.
,Recommended,413150,21770073,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cytona,Why Smite's farming cant be this fun? Hirez Pls
,Recommended,413150,21771004,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Tomgar,"I would write a proper, lengthy review but I'm just back from work and I have to play more Stardew Valley. So I'll keep it short and sweet.All the hype and high scores this game is getting? It's all true. It's all deserved.A glorious, relaxing, addictive masterpiece."
76561198075495677,Recommended,413150,21772486,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,dabaig,"Common things that happen in Stardew Valley :""I swear, i have no idea who was woman was...Penny Plz""Spends 10,000 G on expensive crops and fertilizer, Seasons Ends next day""I asked for thisAxe, Basket, etcyears ago, and you're giving it back to me now?""The most intense action packed part of the game are the minigames + fishingThe game will pick up after the first 24-30 hr of gameplay, even then you wont feel like you accomplished anythingReal life simulator: you have to maintain a stable relationship with friends and family, but honestly you'll be spending more time with farming your virtual cropsYou do things for the steam achievements. ANYTHING. Terrible things. Terrible, awful things.All in all i give this game a perfect score of a 5/7, would meme again."
76561198027557644,Recommended,413150,21774803,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kim,Eat berries! Kill Slimes! Hook up with girls! Or boys! Kill more slimes! Go fishing! No energy left! Start all over!Best god damn game ever! 10/10
,Recommended,413150,29470718,Posted: 24 January,all,🙞MRM4RK0🙜,"Asked a girl to dance with me, she said ''ew''. 10/10 real life simulator."
76561198071365820,Recommended,413150,21801590,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,yosh!,"Hands down the best game I've played this year.This is everything we ever wanted from the Harvest Moon games.Seriously, stop reading. Buy the game."
,Recommended,413150,21803088,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,icedcoffee,Drop your friends and get virtual ones!
76561198069780593,Recommended,413150,21809358,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,van,10 OUT OF 5 BUY THIS RIGHT NOW
,Recommended,413150,24325640,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,😂,m
,Recommended,413150,21619253,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Pato_Saki,เหมาะสำหรับคนที่มีเวลาว่างมากๆ
,Recommended,413150,21599141,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mad King Kelar,Gave Hayley a Rhubarb pie from a bin for her birthday. +2 friend points.
76561198006406480,Recommended,413150,21605971,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jaspersen,It's everything you always wanted in the Harvest Moon sequel that never came.
,Recommended,413150,21673846,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kelpy G,"An absolutely great game. If you're a fan of Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, or Animal Crossing, you're going to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,413150,21680634,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,CujotheWolf,"LOVE THIS GAME! The content is massive. Well worth the $15 price. Never been so happy to support a game developer. The graphics remind me of Monkey Island. The story and gameplay are like Harvest Moon. Just with alot more content and things to unlock over time to ensure you always have a new goal to play towards. Have played it whenever I can since I bought it and still have that 1 more day feeling, much like 1 more turn in Civ5. A must buy for people into the Harvest Moon-Esque genre. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21680798,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Several Drunk Squirrels,"This is one of the chillest and best games I've played in a long time.  Min/max your farm and become a turnip tycoon or let sprinklers tend to your tiny garden as you wile away your time fishing in a stream.  Your farm is your zen garden, enjoy how you see fit."
,Recommended,413150,21582194,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Black Magic,"The few minor annoyances that become greater than normal due to a purposeful repetitive playstyle (such as the pet cat/dog blocking construction and just about everything else) do nothing to diminish this loving modernization of Harvest Moon. I suggest this game at this price point to anyone, and if the publishers past efforts and developers current efforts are anything to base it on Stardew Valley will be in for a long development which, hopefully, will help plug the games lack of late game content.If I have any advice to give it is this: Take it slow, no one is coming to get you if you take your time."
,Recommended,413150,21674472,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Enby-lievable,"Pretty much Harvest Moon for the PC. The good news is I frickin love Harvest Moon and have been playing Harvest Moon games since I was a child (right from Friends of Mineral Town). This game is a delight! Brings back all the social and economic mechanics I know and love, very nicely done game. Have not encountered any bugs so far, character models are lovely, art style is awesome, very fun to play! If you're a fan of relaxing simulation games like Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon, then you'll be pleased as heck with this game."
76561198049850126,Recommended,413150,21675208,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,schlagadam,Awesome.
,Recommended,413150,21574711,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Yuki Kato,Fun and addicting for the right people. The game never did crashed on me but that depends on the type of other peoples PC. Get your planning right and its smooth sailing for the riches.
76561198073436717,Recommended,413150,21614108,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Magikarpette,"Cute,fun,addictive.10/10."
,Recommended,413150,21515532,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,"Damnation, Ltd.",The best spiritual successor to the Harvest Moon series you could ever ask for. A ginormous amount of content!
76561198067701671,Recommended,413150,21613847,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,solcarbine,"Games great for harvest moon/ rune factory lovers. The developer is super involved too, including on reddit and such. I have high hopes for the progress of this game!Game takes 3 years to get through the story and mid year 2 I kinda ran out of things to do, my only complain cause I had a blast getting there. Looking forward to starting fresh once the multiplayer and hopefully mods come out"
,Recommended,413150,21616564,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nibbler,"This game is exactly what I've been looking for for years now, ever since the HM series took a turn for the worse after A Wonderful Life, and I'm so glad I finally have it. The gameplay retains all the fun elements of Harvest Moon, plus making everything much easier to do by virtue of the mouse control. The characters and story seems interesting, though I've not seen too much of that yet. The music is fantastic. It's a little rough on the eyes, but it's not ugly, and I think it's fair, given that I think it was all made by just one person, right? I can't wait to sink what will inevitably be a significant amount of hours into this.Also, I heard that the game allows for same gender couples, so I wanted to specifically thank the dev for that. That those were never really featured in the old HM games was always a major kick in the teeth to my love for the genre."
76561198040220094,Recommended,413150,21571726,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Jhon,"I bought this game to have a quick 1hr of fun on stream, and maybe make some jokes about it, then get a refund.  The thing is, i liked it to much. This game i thought would be fun to play and make fun of a bit turned out to be very fun and enjoyable. reminds me of harvest moon and rune factory even though the village people wont take my broken mixtapes as presents. also...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day...just 1 more day"
76561198002822290,Recommended,413150,21634356,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,PashaTriceps,"Good game, childhood memories with more details in terms of gameplay."
,Recommended,413150,24136899,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fugitiv,nice game...needs a few updates but it's great
,Recommended,413150,23742916,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Pepé Le Pew,"It was more enjoyable & fun than what I initially expected!! There were some challenges as well, it is definitely more than just a farming game!! Definitely recommend this game for purchase!"
76561198149451897,Recommended,413150,24138466,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,someday.,really like this game XD
,Recommended,413150,24029492,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wil son,"game is really addicting and is all about planning♥♥♥♥♥♥in advance. There's a lot you want to do but there are road blocks and things you have to do first, and certain time frames you're allowed to do things in. Normally this would be ♥♥♥♥ing annoying in a video game but this game is so peaceful you just play it forever.So yeah I recommend it unless you have better things to do."
,Recommended,413150,24214774,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SorteKanin,"A casual, yet rewarding RPG/Farming sim with some extra features to spice it up.Pros:- Cool farming- Nice NPC interactions- Very relaxing and calm- Addicting- Always something to do- Multiplayer is up-comingCons:- Chores can get tedious after a while- NPC dialogue gets repetetive after a while- Combat is slightly blandOverall though, a very well-made game, especially considering it's made by a single guy. Will definitely play the multiplayer.92/100, probably higher when multiplayer comes out."
76561198004838196,Recommended,413150,24184259,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Eweяy [CUTE],"> be me> trying to decide which girl I want to marry> can't get the blue-haired *cries*> can't get the green-haired *cries even more*> aims for a red-head {Penny}> a year, a melon, and 30 bottles of mayo later married and has kid.13/12 most realistic RPG ever."
76561198011800703,Recommended,413150,24222414,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,rijax,if you like Harvest moon youl love this absolutly Great!!!!just buy it and love it and tell it its prity.it likes to be told its prity.
,Recommended,413150,24183397,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Davidler | hellcase.com,AMAZING
,Recommended,413150,24196474,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jasohill,"There is so much to do in this game it's insane. The game is also rather stressful at the start,  as you only have a certain amount of time in each day to get stuff done. But that didn't stop me from pouring in oveer a hundred hours into it.  This could end up being my 2016 game of the year."
76561198016579903,Recommended,413150,24193460,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TheFatWon,"Amazing game.  I've been playing it for 4 work days and I have 30 hours on it already.  It's worth it, just buy it and play it."
76561198193564270,Recommended,413150,24193647,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ProfessorPJ123,"Stardew Valley is a game i'd recommend if you have played a harvest moon game. I have never played a harvest moon game. Despite my 6.2 hours as of writing this review, this game just wasn't really my cup of tea, which i find weird as i do enjoy the animal crossing games (which are somewhat similar to this game, like harvest moon). now, onto the positives, i love the pixel graphics and music, and i did enjoy some of the characters too, the idea of using your tools = less energy is one i did like, even though it got annoying at times. Also, my character looks like a creep walking around town near 10:00 PM in sunglasses with a tropical wallpaper in my house. however, i just couldn't get into this one. I now leave you to decide if you want this game."
76561198302937886,Recommended,413150,24194283,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,XspencezbX,I can't stop playing it.
76561198061611571,Recommended,413150,24192920,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Paprika,"This is an amazing and super relaxing game, good♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,24193067,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mr. Le DUCK,"This is worth it! It ends up making you feel like the days ingame are too short as well as the time IRL is going by to quickly. I have played almost constantly for 3 days and I experienced 6 seasons each containing 28 days. Each days feels way too short and the crops makes the seasons seem comfortable, but there are way to much you need to balance and suddenly you need to wait another year to get the crop of the season, but since it keeps going you do not stop which is perfect. I will say I didn't do romance or birthday presents nor did I enjoy husbandry, but I really needed a fun demanding farming simulator and this fits the bill perfectly! I would like to try to make some changes, but would be afraid to ruin what already works :DP.S I had to google some of the interesting things to know what to do, and sometimes you get impossible quests so remember to keep a stock for turn-ins :)And for the devs: I would love to have more levels in farming, fishing and so on."
76561198038178344,Recommended,413150,24179293,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DEADSHOOTR,So good.
,Recommended,413150,21622016,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Grevious,This game brings me back to my old Harvest Moon days....god I miss those times. Just everything about this game is good. I truely hope the dev and the community (through mods) continue to expand this game. The sky is the limit!! Get this game ...seriously stop reading my review and just buy it....
,Recommended,413150,21534759,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Desertskunk,"The best adaptation of a Harvest Moon/Rune Factory style game I have seen. Very few accomplish the feel correctly, and while there are some rough spots to iron out, the game is fantastic. Only complaint I actually have is that the music tracks, as fantastic as they are, tend to end far too early, leaving you only with ambient sounds. While that can be a good thing sometimes, it can also make the game feel a bit lonlier than it needs to be."
,Recommended,413150,21579462,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Xanadan,Really satisfied that itch I've had for a very long time for a good Harvest Moon game that isn't Rune Factory. Highly recommend this for any fan of the genre.
,Recommended,413150,21635622,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dita Von Teese,"Fantastic game. The one I wanted for years. Covered in a beautiful pixel graphics, with smart farm/fishing/dungeoneering gameplay and regular updates. Well. F.ing. Done,"
76561197995254452,Recommended,413150,21528845,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SirTopemHat,"As many other people have said, If you enjoyed harvest moon, you will without a doubt enjoy this game. The mine exploring also introduces a fresh aspect. If you get tired of farming, or fishing, Go down and kill baddies."
,Recommended,413150,21530560,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Warf,"Okay. First of all i want to say... I am addicted and i need help please... Seriously though this game is a mix of Farmville, Animal Crossing and any indie RPG. You might get turned off by the 8-bit textures HOWEVER IT WORKS, unlike Undertale. Thats right, fanboys and girls im ready. Back on track, this game has alot of choices. An example being, if you don't make friends then no one will dance with you at an event, or if you spend too much time giving people gifts you will fall behind and never make any money. Which brings me to my next point which is that you got to stay ontop, you can't keep your farm the same, you got to improve your ranch / farm. Also another bonus is that you can get a girlfriend / boyfriend. Only one complaint, I would like options for talking to people like the Tale tales games where it changes their opinion of you depending what you choose (They already do this but on certain occasions, I'd prefer every interaction to have this.) But to be honest this game is still very good, especially for a new release.This is one of the best casual games i have ever played!One downside is that I am so addicted I forgot to do homework... Worth it!"
76561198054633233,Recommended,413150,21556449,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Morehead64,"So far, this game has been an amazing game, along the lines of the Harvest Moon series, combined with the sort of community Animal Crossing gives you. I highly recommend this game to anyone."
76561198077909203,Recommended,413150,21576993,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,david.king,"This will be said through and through, but this is Harvest Moon 2.0For those of you unfamiliar, you're essentially tasked with the upkeep of a farm in a small village with goals of expansion and maintaining relationships.The game has a few rpg elements, but be warned- combat is not a priority.It's incredibly easy to sink hours upon hours into the next upgrade for your barn or the next best pickaxe.Where it falls short seems to be its pacing.While it makes logical sense that you can't plant crops in the winter (25% of the game give or take) I found myself running out of things to do and having trouble sustaining my farm (i.e. making enough money to feed my animals with hay).My only other issue was with balancing. Grass for example, doesn't grow fast enough for it to be practical given the in-game price.On a more positive note, I found myself quite often discovering little secrets like hidden paths that gave a bit of charm. There's also a near perfect amount of hand-holding. It's a wonderful blend of discovery while being shown the basics.The community seems to be quite positive as well, so I'm sure given time the dev, ConcernedApe will have more content and bring balance to a lot of issues. (Maybe even the force.)8/10"
76561198029029459,Recommended,413150,21577173,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Strichnine,"Absolutely the most fun I have had in a long time.  I love cute farming games like this and I have never found a good one on the pc.  I am so glad that I have found this,  This game deserves all of the praise that it gets.Some Compliments:*  I love the Fishing in this game.  It is challenging, and once you develop your skill it is very rewarding*  The dungeon crawling is fun and engaging.  I keep finding myself wanting to dig deeper into the mines*  Crafting is a complete joy.  I love that you don't know what you can create until you get plans for it.  I think that is a great formula for games like Minecraft and Terraria, and it works well here as well.*  The story of the game overall is familiar yet very fresh.  I love the purple boxer shorts quest that the mayor puts you on... no spoilers10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21577176,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,AceOfCubs,"Incredibly addictive and deeply rewarding.Puts the past several Harvest Moon games to shame.Hard to believe it was made by one person, who deserves special recognition for listening directly to the players and working around the clock and patches and adding content."
,Recommended,413150,21577184,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,AnotherChrisGuy,"The soundtrack in this game is amazing. If you love Harvest Moon then you will not be dissapointed.The developer has plans to continue to update the game, but it is very much fleshed out as is.I even got it to work on Linux through WINE and playonlinux. Check the forums for more instructions!"
,Recommended,413150,21577325,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BoXman3D,"An extremely well built and addicting game.  The developer has done an amazing job and keeps pushing updates out regularly with goals to keep adding content.Eric ""ConcernedApe"" Barone be proud of this game.  It's a masterpiece and keeps getting better!"
76561197973832738,Recommended,413150,21492528,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bob,"6 hours in, and great so far!Captures the vibe of Harvest Moon, but there's clearly so much more to do and see in Stardew Valley.  Very polished."
,Recommended,413150,21510334,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Yung Idol,"Having never played Harvest Moon I had really no idea what to expect apart from the trailer on the Store page.Damn am I glad I picked this up. I'm only a few hours in and I'm sure I've barely scratched the surface but I'm having so much fun, I've probably spent most of my time fishing and trying to talk to all of the villagers at this point and have only killed one ""enemy"" so far but I cannot wait to jump back in and find more features this game is hiding.Visit us athttp://www.2plyr.com"
,Recommended,413150,21546265,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[ModMCdl],"This game, while it may not appeal to everyone, is a gold mine for those who it draws in. I was extremely hesitant to purchase it, but now that I have, I am glad.Now, my in game time at the time of writing this review is not high, but so far, my experience with it has been amazing. The few bugs that I have come across are very small, and do not drastically affect the overall gameplay. Sure, days are a bit fast, diagonal walking is slightly sluggish, and sometimes your crops take an extra day to grow. But does any of that really take away from the game itself?The answer is no.Also, this game contantly has something for you to do. This isn't like Minecraft, where you plant your crops once and forget about 'em. No, you actually need to take care of them, fertilize them, water them. Leave them to long, they die. Animals need to be taken care of. You need to do things.So, if you like the idea, like the style, and like the game, I'd highly suggest you buy it. You'll love it."
76561198139926736,Recommended,413150,21554520,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PvtPrimate,"As a fan of Harvest Moon growing up, this hits a sweet spot and builds on it in all the best ways."
76561197964656351,Recommended,413150,21547703,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,kevcon,As someone who has played Harvest Moon for years (first play was on original Gameboy) and who enjoyed Rune Factory as well as similar genre's this game honestly surprised me. If anyone is worried that Chucklefish is putting this out (because of Starbound) please be aware they are just publishing it and all development is done by ConcernedApe.Only two hours in its clear that this is a farming sim with a ton a of depth and is quickly surpassing others in the genre in my eyes. If you have any interest in those games or this genre you owe it to yourself to check this out.
76561198027926458,Recommended,413150,21542532,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Doriide,It good. Like hervest moon? Play this. Like farming Play this. Like silly romance things? Play this. It is good PLAY THIS!
,Recommended,413150,21490832,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Arise Chikun,its just that good
76561198065984745,Recommended,413150,25804270,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TEH DOGGIE SQUAD,10 minutes into the 1.1 beta my wife divorces meSuch realism 42069/10
76561198064765117,Recommended,413150,25806710,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MyrLune,"Fantastic indie game with a staggering amount of content. It's even mod-able, even if there's no workshop for it yet.Stop what you're doing and give money for this game. You won't be doing much else when it has its hooks in you, anyway."
,Recommended,413150,25213117,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Cebolla,"At the dance festival, not a single girl wanted to dance with me. 100% Accurate, would ask a girl to dance and get rejected in my face again.Anyway, not gunning for a long review.What I love about it:- Details (Shadows for clouds floating above you, it's almost not needed, but they did it. Wow)- Deep crafting (equipment tiers, crafting, cooking, there's so much things inside)- Player-like NPC (ever lamented NPCs being so mono? The NPCs have routine, and you actually find yourself bumping into them real-time, not just some cutscenes, that is something i've never ever seen!)- Harvest Moon (it did not made itself into a game, where only scores, ranking matters, although there is a in-game evaluation, which I've not reached yet, i like how I can just take my time, and 'live' my life, although initially, I was anxious I missed out on this and that)- Character Development (The development of each character wasn't just slapped on, I like how it's intricate, this is way deeper than Harvest moon could have ever went)- Map (Harvest moon was much smaller, although this isn't open world or what, I find it big enough to be interesting, and not too much a killer)- User Interface (the controls and features are really user-friendly, although not perfect, but it goes a long way to show the developers were really paying attention)- Blending of element (It's an interesting mix of magic, cave-exploration, farming, dating simulation, lol, what can i say, i like the mix)Con- Time is never ever enough (XD)It's not very cheap, but I loved it, I hope ConcernedApe keeps it up, another fine example of how indie games can be awesome"
,Recommended,413150,23761536,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PunkBuffet,A great game to sink time into without requiring much effort. Very reminiscent of classic Harvest Moon games and a overall enjoyable experience.
76561197974468035,Recommended,413150,25773298,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Stookie,Absolutely awesome game!
76561198113982815,Recommended,413150,25742780,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Bingsu,"I don't even like repetition, I don't like having to be afraid of dying in the mines. I don't like giving gifts out of my hard earned money...I don't like how this game HAS RUINED MY LIFE. But.. I can't stop."
76561198108377995,Recommended,413150,25484312,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Cuddly Meganekko,"NOTE: I AM CURRENTLY PLAYING A MODDED VERSION OF THE GAME, SO ALL OF MY HOURS ARE NOT GOING TO BE SHOWNI love this game so much it's unreal.I've always been a fan of these types of games, personally. Rune Factory is a game series I especially love. So this was just... heaven.The farming was made to be more satisfying and enjoyable than in any other game I've played. I don't know if it's the art style or the color palette, but I really enjoy it, rather than just viewing it as a side part to the ""making things and talking to people and doing quests"" aspect.And the setting?? The setting is AMAZING. The entire atmosphere of the game makes you feel like you've been transported to this small farming community full of new, interesting people. And I LOVE IT. It even manages to have an eerie aspect to it. Every once and a while the tone turns to a more... sort of unsettling tone. But not often. Just enough for the game to really come alive. I have yet to see if this pays off with a little spooky subplot, but I really hope it does!!The one thing I will criticize is the lady marriage candidates. I'm one of those /weirdos/ who don't care about gender when it comes to love, so I was looking forward to dating having two files so I could marry both my favorite dude and lady. But I found the lady candidates to be... kinda dull. The only one that stuck out to me was Maru. Granted, they are better than the marriage candidates in Story of Seasons... but that's not saying much. As an example of more interesting bachelorettes, in Rune Factory 4, all the female marriage candidates were very... noticably unique. From the get-go. Not like in a ""trope"" way (although some of them did use tropes, yes) but in a way where you noticed their different personalities and quirks. I felt like the female characters here were just... shades of different?? I'm not sure how to explain it. It just seemed a little lifeless to me. If there is an expansion pack with added marriage characters or a sequel, I'd love to see an improvement here.And last but not least, PLEASE MAKE CLINT A MARRIAGE CANDIDATE. I HAVE MODDED THE GAME FOR IT BUT PLEASE. I WANT A LOT OF HEART EVENTS WHERE YOU GET CLOSE TO HIM AND LEARN ABOUT HIM AND HELP HIM FEEL A BIT MORE CONFIDENT AND HE IS PERFECT.PLEASE CONCERNEDAPE.PLEASE GIVE US CLINT.All in all 5000/10 would go waste more of my hours playing it. As in I'm going to do it right now."
,Recommended,413150,21656020,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Senpooh,Gud.
,Recommended,413150,21541159,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SovietSalvo,This is the kind of game where you start playing and suddenly it's 4 hours later and the only reason you realize it is because you finally stopped to check your phone irl. Fantastic game made by one super active developer.10/10 it's like Skyrim with farms
,Recommended,413150,21572971,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Iananimator,Progress any way you want. I've just fished for my entire life in this game and it's worked out for me. Amazing how versatile the game is and it lets you be who you want to.
,Recommended,413150,21574016,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cenozos,Why go outside when you can plant digital crops and make digital friends?
76561197980096991,Recommended,413150,21575454,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nen's,"I want to sleep...it's 2am and i'm at this f*****g festival fishing for star money xDI'm screwd, so addicted to this game, help me!"
76561198009112512,Recommended,413150,21575720,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cathorian,"Spent an excessive amount of time face in hands, trying to think of a name for my dog."
,Recommended,413150,21580071,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,naimorai,"Game came out ~4 days ago and I'm near 50 hours played. And I'm not the only one! One of the best games I've ever played bar none, and I had zero hype coming in (never heard about this game until it just showed up on Steam). Read the other reviews if you need more detail about why each part of the game is so awesome and so well tuned. I'll just list lots of cool things about this game in no particular order that make those hours some of the best times I've had gaming.Did not talk to any of the women until Spring dance (sudden burst of confidence). Promptly shut down. Real Life 101.Hypocritically call out the homeless man (Linus) for stealing from trashcans, then proceed to steal from all the trashcans every day since.Always spend half a day trying to get where I want to go via running / diagonal walking (bug fixed!). Eventually in the fall yr 1 I buy a horse. Spent rest of the day just running around town because I couldn't believe how much faster it was (used to have to count the hours it takes to get from farm to wherever; now you're wherever you want to get in <1hr).Fishing is real. Spend lots of time trying and failing to catch fish at first. But, eventually, it gets to the point where you are a fish-catching _machine_. HIT pike HIT algae HIT pike HIT ugh, algae HIT pike.Slimes in the mines! RPG 101! Swarmed by bees and stung to death! Real Life 102! (felt like Nicolas Cage) Eventually reach bottom of the mines and it's not what I expected, but at least I'm filthy rich.Learn dwarvish! Discover he was only talking about the weather!Drink green soup from the magician and go tripping. Learn ""forest magic"".Linus wants to put a gold bar above his mantle (?) and is willing to pay 750g for it (?!) Homeless man is secretly richer than me!Kill all the bees in the mines! Reward is an insect head (?!) to swing around, so you can kill bees with bees!Find cookies and bread in trash can. Gives to girl. Girl starts to like me. Should I try this on my wife? ...Bought calendar in early Spring; couldn't figure out how to place it on the wall until mid-fall (hint: use the mouse or use the controller righthand stick with the X button)Collect tons of geodes and spend much g converting them into...stones. Real life mining 101!Realize in early fall what the community center is for and how to actually put stuff in it. Proceed to unload my fridge into it, clearing out a number of objectives.Spend the entire fall fair catching fish in the minigame so I can buyout the shop.Bring a large stack of green algae to the mine and snack through it as I reach the bottom, because I don't know what else to do with it ...?Mayor wants me to find his lucky purple pants? Guess where they are? *ahem* Have to befriend a specific woman. Real life 103!The list goes on. I can come up with more, but at some level this is all just TL;DR: better game than harvest moon/animal crossing (and I've played most of them; HM N64 still sticks with me as my second favorite). If you like RPGs, you'll probably love this.If you don't like playing farmer, just spend all your day in the mines. Fun challenges there include seeing how far you can get with a wooden sword (you can still buy em from the adventurer's guild no matter how max'ed out you are), how far you can get before fainting at 2AM (this is something I do not do while playing the game...hmm), how far you can get with no pickaxe (did this a few times for kicks while it was at the blacksmith), how many maggots you can♥♥♥♥♥♥off at once (after an attack or two they retreat, cocoon, and turn into bees) and then you can feel like Nicolas Cage, too. This list also goes on :)"
76561197998613022,Recommended,413150,21688054,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,WinterNightz,"After 16 hours across a single weekend, yes, it's so addictive. So much fun. It's like a natural growth from Harvest Moon of my childhood. Just expanded. I don't know if I would have stopped playing had my computer not blue-screened..."
,Recommended,413150,21693868,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Greggho,"Let it be known from this day forth:I'm officially abdicating all other non-essential aspects of life in favor of Stardew Valley.Doctor: please hook the IV drip, urinary catheter and faecal collector, if you will. Thank you."
,Recommended,413150,21587658,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,xuxuliz@muzic,"Its great so far. Only 2hours in, saw so many things and yet didnt found time to explore everything. Its fun."
,Recommended,413150,21587753,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,wang,"Pirated it, played two in-game days, ended up buying it.- Simple to learn- Addictive- FunWorth every penny."
76561198208213689,Recommended,413150,21614955,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,LilDaggers,"So I've owned the game 4 days and played 52 hours... I cant stop... its always ""oh I can get one more day in, you know its not to late I can get one more day in... oh wait I haven't done that yet I better play one more day and get that done""... help me I can't stop there's always something more to do, your never done... never.... I wouldnt let my most hated enemy buy this game because you can't stop.9/10 only reason it doesn't 10/10 is because I can't sleep and i blame this game"
76561198086038254,Recommended,413150,21615449,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Unotro,"Floor 90 of the mine, monsters outta nowhere then boom I died lost my weapons and ores and forgot I could just reset the day to get them all back. I saved progress instead ;   )"
,Recommended,413150,21605614,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Faker Senpai,"Played over 50 hours since buying it. Need to go to work, send help.10/10"
76561198072272679,Recommended,413150,21645637,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rezio,Amazing...What else can I say. :) 99.9/100WOULD LOVE Multiplayer!!!! :3 As in MMO-like-ish.
76561198033449776,Recommended,413150,21485891,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Chicken'd,Been waiting too long for this game
,Recommended,413150,21645941,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,blackshade,realy guude
,Recommended,413150,21652499,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ChaosDust,"I have been loving this game!  It's enjoyable and wish I could have more time to play.  One thing I wish you could do was save when ever instead of only when you sleep to end the day.  Don't always have the time to finish the day out.  Also, wish the day was a little longer, but I guess that might take away from some of the experience.  Otherwise I think I could see me playing this for a long time."
,Recommended,413150,21646629,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,rabbah,"A great game, it really reminds me of Harvest Moon for the DS, only better. The game is so peaceful, there's a ton of stuff to do every day, a good main quest that spans the first two years. The dev is quick to fix bug and listens to the community."
,Recommended,413150,21573957,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Kunera,"Add me to the list of people really enjoying Stardew Valley - again, another long-time Harvest Moon fan. I've had quite a bit of fun with it, and it scratches a nostalgic itch for old-school Harvest Moon games. My biggest complaint would be that you can only save the game whenever you go to sleep, which can be inconvenient if you need to stop in the middle of the day - however, this is an intentional design choice, and one that I can understand being in place, and it works well enough, so I wouldn't really count that against the game. The music is great and the atmosphere is very relaxing, definitely a fun way to kick back and relax that I fully recommend. The developer is also planning to add multiplayer in the future, something I'm definitely interested in trying out down the road."
76561198045351656,Recommended,413150,21601814,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,GxGamer,"Get it. if you like Harvest Moon, just get it. Nothing more to say. Im lovingt it."
76561198008107947,Recommended,413150,21614967,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Octavius,It's fun.
,Recommended,413150,21699105,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,dort,This game has taught me a valuable lesson:Work too much and nobody will want to dance with you.
76561198039208464,Recommended,413150,21704097,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,alexanderoakhaven,"When I went to buy this game, I was encountered by a man who was preaching about the end of the world, but that didn't stop me from getting this game and reliving the memories of my time in Rune factory Harvest moon. I was never able to finish that game, but this is my redemption. I'm loving the art style of the game and the characters with their personalities and I will play this in the next few years, I may not be able to sleep at night anymore (If i had to begin with) but that wont stop me from saying GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,413150,21715575,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,geese,It is year three now and the mayor's shorts are yet to be found.
,Recommended,413150,21539695,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Syrian Lanister,"Look at this review not as a review but a first impression. Im a huge fan of Harvest Moon. I have every version I could get my hands on from Wii  U, PS Vita, to emulators. I can see myself sinking hours into this game. It has everything I loved about, specifically, Harvest Moon Boy & Girl. I love it so far. Come back later and I'll update my review. If you are a harvest moon fan, get this game NOW.EDIT: BUY THIS NOW YOU IMBECILE! and please download my mod (Welcome to the Rice Fields Mod) thank you. :)"
,Recommended,413150,21702102,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DisXorDer_TheSlicer,"is Time travel real?just buy this game and play it.Note : after travel to the future once, you will never turn back forever."
,Recommended,413150,21703699,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Reinaldo,Gave an arrowhead to a hobo and he insulted meLove it
,Recommended,413150,21717765,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Keeria,"If you're like me, you miss how fun Harvest Moon used to be, and you feel like the newer games have been kind of soulless and lackluster. Stardew Valley fills that void for me, for the first time since HMDS. It's exactly what you think it is, and it's totally worth your $15 if this is the sort of game you like."
76561198057527568,Recommended,413150,21654790,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lynari,"This is like everything you've ever wanted in a Harvest Moon game, plus some, and then better.And then there'll be mods. I feel guilty about the price."
,Recommended,413150,21719111,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Lil Uzi Vert,it's okey
76561198219074069,Recommended,413150,31264562,Posted: 20 April,all,Wee Darry's Cream,you can get salad from trash cans and give it to a girl and she'll love you forever....10/10.0001 it's a good game. I tried to kill everyone with my sword when i first started.
76561198042834238,Recommended,413150,32562361,Posted: 19 June,all,HardcoreSceneKid,Amazing game. So addictive!
76561198050863333,Recommended,413150,27763960,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Longan_~ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Having my childhood days relieved!
76561198045323849,Recommended,413150,28897993,Posted: 1 January,all,Ditzy Vixen,"Highly recommend this game, perfect for relaxing.  Has a bit of everything in - farming, fishing, combat, fetch-quests...  However, you can easliy lose hours whilst playing this game."
,Recommended,413150,27551918,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WildeThing,"Easily one of my favorite games of all time. Simply and beautifully made. SO much content, too. I've played 64 hours so far and I've completed probably half of all there is to do in the game. Also, the soundtrack is very thoughtfully made for this game. ConcernedApe has definitely put a lot of hard work into this game and it shows."
76561198096986180,Recommended,413150,22292757,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Ken,da Best
,Recommended,413150,21615346,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Orz™,One more day......Game Of The Year !!
,Recommended,413150,32710004,Posted: 23 June,all,reXlive,Really reminds me of the old Harvest Moon game. Similiar concept.
,Recommended,413150,32745649,Posted: 24 June,all,ｍ ｅ ｍ ｅ   ｃ ａ ｔ,I wake up.I water.I fish.I forage.I mine.I sleep.I repeat.10/10
,Recommended,413150,22330473,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Datbooty,"Weirdly addicting, oddly replayable for being seemingly so repetative (you have chores????), and almost certainly a massive amount of content to come on top of the surprising amount of content you already have.Can't pull myself away from this one.  Easily one of the best bang for your buck purchases on Steam."
,Recommended,413150,27003450,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeusExMchna ʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔ,"Take equal parts Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing, add in a diverse cast of neighbors and charming visuals and you have Stardew Valley. Truly one of the best games i've ever played. It isn't the most graphically intensive, but you can feel the heart and soul of the developer in every pixel."
,Recommended,413150,23781516,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Killercorpse,"This game is like a warm blanket on a cold winter day. Very relaxing, you could probably end up playing this all day and not get tired of it. Still waiting on a mobile version and native multiplayer support."
76561198011950125,Recommended,413150,32863384,Posted: 27 June,all,stevezlh,Lost in Stardew Valley..
,Recommended,413150,32853294,Posted: 27 June,all,Mannamine,"This game definitely offers everything to make you sit in front of your laptop for several hours. The gameplay is easy yet demanding as you have loads of tasks to fulfill which makes it even more fun! You have to expand your house, prove yourself as a farmer, go fishing, make friends, discover the mines...Especially the design of the game is awesome as for me it reminds me of my old Pokemon Gameboy games.I SO recommend this game to anyone how likes to play a chilled game that never becomes boring!"
76561198095839041,Recommended,413150,32857805,Posted: 27 June,all,Terrorblade,"game is pretty good, but..where is multiplay mode? I've been waiting for so long since game release."
,Recommended,413150,29176498,Posted: 10 January,all,rip indefinately lol,"If you love Harvest Moon or other games of that sort, buy this!"
,Recommended,413150,27084461,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,complacentshyguy,"3 hours in and already lovin' it! Like The music and sounds and the characters, everything together just makes it feel like a real place! Would definitely recommend this to anyone reading this!"
,Recommended,413150,29928720,Posted: 14 February,all,Poofie Love bird,"Addicting game. I sank a lot of hours into it.I just realized tough, that it is completely pointless. There is no end to the game. Once you complete everything, all there is left to do is collect all things, and befriend everyone in town.After achieveing that, there was nothing. Nothing at all left to do except maintain the farm I made.Still a fun game, and a way to waste countless hours. I am just a litle disapointed that it is all for nothing. I was expecting some big ""You Win!"" demo to play or something.I got over 200 hours in it, so it is not too bad of a game, just a little disapointing that there is no end to the game. Everything I did was completely pointless."
,Recommended,413150,32856527,Posted: 27 June,all,TheNightbearer,"This game is really sweet and very engaging, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,413150,22170563,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sir Trigg,Fun and addictive. It's like Harvest Moon but better.
76561198197625982,Recommended,413150,21661797,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Vim vulpis,"I realize that my comment is about to get buried in the avalanche of comments that are constantly flooding in due to the spiking popularity of this game, however in hopes that someone will read this... lemme just say one thing.Awesome game.Seriously, nothing more is necessary. Buy it..."
76561198032097124,Recommended,413150,21678148,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Perseus Gold,One of the most relaxing managment games I have played in a very long time. It scratches the same itch that domestic managment in Civ V does. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,413150,21586329,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,BreeBerry211,"So I think this is the first time I've EVER bothered to leave a Steam review. But when a game like this comes along I feel it necessary. This game is AMAZING! More so amazing is the fact that it was entirely created by ONE person! That continues to blow my mind. I have 2 kids and a full time data analyst job so my free time is rather limited but I've still managed to sink 20 hours into this game just over the weekend alone. I have been a loyal Harvest Moon fan since HM64, which was my favorite. I have purchased every new HM iteration even though they have left me consistently disappointed. This game was right on time. A breath of fresh air for those of us who have long wished that the HM franchise was updated.ConcernedApe has combined the charming farming lifestyle of past HM games with crafting systems similar to Terraria and Minecraft, with combat elements the likes of those found in Rune Factory games, with collection and decorative options similar to Animal Crossing. And that's only a few pieces of the puzzle. The game is jam packed with content and the developer is steadily adding more content. It's surprising that no one has bothered to make this game sooner. If you enjoyed ANY of the games I've just mentioned do yourself a favor and buy this game. You are definitely missing out on one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences you could have this year. I've already bought two copies for me and a friend and I'm about to buy two more to gift to my little sister and cousin."
76561198205852805,Recommended,413150,21605125,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ihatex000,I put a pufferfish into the potluck and the governor almost died after eating it.That's all you need to know.Buy this game.
76561198018104278,Recommended,413150,21697815,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Resolute,One of my favorite games of all time!
76561198234774144,Recommended,413150,21696372,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Xenith,"I've played a few harvest moons before, but none were as good as this. It's a fun and well balanced game. I constantly find myself thinking 'just one more day' but I rarely stop. I've played over ten hours but I can see myself sinking more hours in this game."
,Recommended,413150,21513543,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rokutsushy,"This game is awesome, if you enjoyed playing Harvest Moon buy this outstanding game =) Thank you developper for creating such a masterpiece!"
76561198017622321,Recommended,413150,21642344,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,im junger,Very satisfying. Gives you the one more day syndrome.
,Recommended,413150,21691116,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Pentegal,"Who knew farming could be so much fun? Plenty to do and a perfect pace of progression. Fish, Mine or Plant your way to riches. No brainer at such a low price."
76561198038210809,Recommended,413150,21692483,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Rainbow Lazers,"Good lord, if you're an adult with responsibilities you're screwed.I'm on the verge of calling sick into work because of this game.10/10 would ruin life again."
,Recommended,413150,21692921,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,RamVal,"This game is just a real zen experience. I just love the somehow darker Harvest Moon feel to it. It's just so great to just farm, fish and go into the mine for ores. Just like Harvest Moon was and not is anymore.Also I find it great that I thought: okay which girl should I try to marry? Hm... Abigail seems cool and looks good. With two hearts I got a sequence and found out: OMG she is playing video games! Thats my wife! :D"
,Recommended,413150,21506361,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Master,Harvest Moon for PC? Yes please!
,Recommended,413150,21577458,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Lemoe,Pros:+It's Harvest MoonCons:-The best girls are all married with kids and you can't romance them
76561198067140134,Recommended,413150,21591416,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Gluv21,"I wont lie I parated this at first, played about 10 min and then went and bought it. I have not had so much fun with a game in a very long time. There is so much to do that the game does not get boring and the mines add fun combat and mining to the game. The only complaint I have is that after 9 hours of play I would like to be able to run a little faster. It can get tiring having to run to one side of the map just to buy supplies and then come back.Buy this Game! Be a  farmer! love your Life"
,Recommended,413150,21622905,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,shini_illumi,Heard about the game when it was first being plotted and worked on. Completely forgot about it until a friend tagged me on Facebook. Downloaded it that day and I've now become very unproductive in life between work and University.Not disappointed. An amazing game that reminds me of old school Harvest Moons.Absolutely love this game.
76561198155354918,Recommended,413150,23048058,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Stereo Shayn,Very addictive and fun game soooo goodbut please come out with a mac version!!!
,Recommended,413150,21762750,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,≈JPet_Gamer,"Great game! Reminds me a lot of animal crossing, only better becase you can actually interact with the villagers! There are so many achievements, goals, and quests you can accomplish."
,Recommended,413150,21718605,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Myrkur,Fantastic.
,Recommended,413150,21752598,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Beanz,"I can truly recommend this game if you're into this kind of stuff. If you wondering if the game is for you, check out some gameplay / reviews on youtube. But for me, this is a very good game.The devs seem really good aswell, they've added some quality of life changes and a LOT of bug fixes, I hope they keep this up in the future!"
,Recommended,413150,21764312,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mewed,Eat a egg?
,Recommended,413150,21767372,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cryogenic,I can't stop playing this game.I've petted my in game cat more than my real one.
,Recommended,413150,21769964,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,del,amazing game
,Recommended,413150,21587137,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,feelfree3use,I was once a farmer 13 years ago. Then i quit farming for schoool and university. Now i am a farmer once again.
,Recommended,413150,21768659,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kanki,buy this game-play all day long- go to bed- wake up and play this game* enjoy!
,Recommended,413150,21670277,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,RABBIT TANK,"Well, this game is so good, they can make me quit from being a pirate."
,Recommended,413150,21686346,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Apex,"I've never played Harvest Moon and only dabbled very briefly in Animal Crossing (2 games that many reviews compared this to) so I wasn't sure if this was a game I would really enjoy. After spending almost 20 hours on it in less than 4 days I think it's pretty clear.Stardew Valley is a bit of a slow burn at first but it is incredibly charming and constantly surprising me. Even after 20 hours I feel like I've barely scratched the surface of things to discover (it blows my mind that this was created by one person), but at the same time it never feels overwhelming or daunting.There are definitely some quirks to it—particularly in the controls—that take some getting used to, but they're minor in the grand scheme of things. It's just a supremely enjoyable game that you can take your time with, play how you want to play, and have a good time."
,Recommended,413150,21589022,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Francesca,Brilliant game. Definitely buy if you like harvest moon/animal crossing on the DS! Can't stop playing
,Recommended,413150,21714456,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Dstar,"Legend of Zelda (NES) dungeon crawling meets Harvest Moon, mix in a light sauce of crafting, and you have Stardew Valley. A lovable quirky time consuming fun game."
76561198118313458,Recommended,413150,21743716,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,TheKlitKommander,This is everything Ive ever wanted harvest moon to be. Absolutely worth the purchase.
,Recommended,413150,21742518,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,🖤 v a l a r e a n  🖤,Everything I've always wanted in a PC game. <3
76561198100666461,Recommended,413150,21744147,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Greyfox1117,"I picked up this game a few days ago after a little coverage broke into my youtube subscription box, and now I have played this game for more than a full day. I'm not a person to spend my rare free-time doing something unless it's fun, or relaxing, or gratifying. To say that this game is all of those things is an understatement. Perhaps this game is not for everyone, perhaps I'm blinded by nostalgia from the long ago days of playing the Harvest Moon for the PS2, but I can honestly say that this game is for me.There is so much content packed into this $15.00 gem, that in my eyes, more than makes up for the price tag. The fact that I've played this game for over 2 dozen hours and barely felt as though I have made a dent into the games full content really drives home just how much dedication Eric has put into this little beauty. And with future updates and the possibility of multiplayer on the horizon, I have no doubt that I will continue to play this game for a long time.Congratulations on the success Eric, I hope that you continue to flush out this rich world you made."
,Recommended,413150,21518269,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pixie Stix,"Stardew Valley is an excellent game for anyone who loves Harvest Moon. You start with nothing an work your way up from there. You can upgrade your house, build a barn, coop, funiture and more. There is always plenty of things to do to keep you busy with upgrading tools, exploring the mines, farming, raising animals, chasing the lover of your dreams and making friends."
76561198152552495,Recommended,413150,21502797,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,zigzag2oh4,"Great game if you enjoyed the game Harvest Moon 64 you would love this game, its basically Harvest Moon 2. Great game very gun and addictive would recommend it to anyone."
76561198067446681,Recommended,413150,21755511,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,I'm Batman,"My review for Stardew Valley:Good and rather enjoyable. Fairly balanced in farming, fighting and exploring. It has organised goals and ""quests"" one can do while in game. It reflects Harvest Moon in many aspects, causing me to say this game is a well done spiritual successor to the Harvest Moon Franchise. The soundtrack is relaxing and not overly repetitive and contributes to the overall game play. It is a feel good game with the right amount of exploration, discovery, and growth that will cause a player to invest many hours into the game. Graphics are nice, and reminds me again to Harvest Moon. There are some things I do dislike, but not enough for me to hate the game. The fishing aspect is fairly hard, but can be enjoyable, however not something I enjoy all together. Gift giving can only be done once a day twice a week. I would like more gift giving to be given, but it does offer fair game play. Another thing I would like would be an accessible calendar with in the house, rather than at the square. If its a feature added later on, I've still have to explore that. I myself am on Day 20, Spring, Year 1 and can earn a fair amount of money, and not really needing to farm. I can go out and gather items and deposit them at the end of my day. I do enjoy that the money aspect is done when the day is over, so you may add items after 5PM and not worry about waiting the next day for cash you may need. So I give this a firm must buy if you enjoy Harvest Moon with some adventuring aspects.EDIT: Because I forgot to include it. Price range for an Inde game: Fair. £10,99 is worth it as game play is diverse and time spent on game justifies cost. I play on the PC and Single Player. Again, go buy it and give it a try if you like this sort of game. Also with further gameplay, I found the calender at the Carpenter's shop."
76561198018669641,Recommended,413150,21581336,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,CommanderRoyal,"Stardew Valley, a game after my own heart for sure. I played a ton of Harvest Moon as a kid, so this review will be comparing it quite heavily to that. I have heard that Runefactory is a bit of a closer comparison, but I never actually played that one. I have to say before I begin though, if you are thinking about getting this game I highly recommend it.The GoodThis game has a very solid RPG like spin on the Harvest Moon series. Similar to the start of every top down farming simulator I know of, an old person dies and leaves a young person a farm. This specific story hits a bit closer to home making your character look less forced into it and making it appear a choice.From here you can really choose how you want to play the game and spend less or more time doing certain tasks depending on that. Do you want to be an adventurer and crawl through dungeons? This game has that for you. The farming is satisfying and interesting while not being overly boring in my opinion. Also, the developer did a solid for all of us and reduced the weed spawning that Harvest Moon was always plauged with.All in all the gameplay feels solid, and it really makes me feel back to my harvest moon days. It has quickly started taking up mass amounts of my time, but its relaxing and slow paced enough that I can listen to podcasts and books in the background easily and not feel distracted from either. Its also extremely nice to be able to see your farm grow and become more and more efficient as time goes on.Also there doesn't feel to be too heavy of a penalty for focusing on one aspect of the game over the other. You can buy any ores you might need if you are just ignoring the mining section, at least up until you get to iridium, but even just hitting up the mine on rainy days you can easily get to the bottom in a single year.The BadThe first thing that comes to mind is that the game is lacking any kind of story or really impactful characters. I find myself constantly forgetting that characters are alive until I get a quest from them. The world as a whole just doesn't feel interesting from a story point and I can only hope that this changes as the developers continue to patch the game as they have been. There are hints to a sort of rivalry system going on between you and the other bachelors/ettes but it isn't fleshed out, I have yet to see anything come from that except for off hand comments from other characters during the few cutscenes of the game or during the spring dance. This system was in place since Harvest Moon Friends of Mineral Town and really helped make the characters feel real and interesting. I feel even just the addition of this system would really bring an interesting twist to the game and help make the characters feel more real.The game is easy. There is no way I can't say that. The mines were no challenge, I only ever died once after I overextended with crappy gear and no food at the very start. The dungeon adds a bit of challenge, but more along the lines of 'if you arn't lucky enough you wont go anywhere'. The fishing mechanic is... interesting for sure and does add a bit of color, but catching the stronger fish will take a lot out of you, which makes it feel rewarding, but can also be a pain when you are trying to complete that community center. (I am hoping for some story to come with that, but I dare not hold my breath)And my final gripe for this game, is that Hardwood, a resource needed to do a lot of upgrades, is a resource that after you clear out your farm, you can only get from mines or a single location where you can get at most 12 each day. That is extremely annoying to me, I would like to be able to at least buy it from the carpenter, but this is minor and simply delayed a few buildings/upgrades a couple weeks which isn't really that terrible.The UglyBugs. This game has a number of easily noticable bugs. However, I noticed the most of them centered around the Marriage section of the game. In fact, I would say around 4/5 of all the bugs in the game I have found are centered around that. I had to relive the day before my wedding 3 seperate times. I am not sure what caused it, but every night when I went to sleep before the wedding, it would crash, and you can't manually save your game any other way than sleeping. This was incredibly annoying, but I enjoyed this game enough to truck through. Not to mention those were the only crashes I have ever experienced in this game.However, the majority of the bugs come from your spouse. They are constantly annoyed by something being in the way of their path in your house. I have removed almost everything that was taking up space, but my spouse is still constantly frustrated because ""Something"" is in her path. She says she is going to town, but upon exiting the farm area, she becomes glitched on the path, unable to move and continue her normal life. The towns people probably think I am holding her hostage!Also, due to the changed dialog that comes with being married to her, I can no longer ask her to dance with me at the spring dance. Instead she dances with that spikey haired ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that annoys me to no end. Also, because she is bugged and stuck outside the farm, she never comes home at night. A lot of these bugs are not game breaking, but they are immersion breaking and in an RPG that is an extremely nasty affair. Not to mention these bugs happen DAILY without fail. Not once has the poor girl managed to get outside the farm for anything other than the occasional festival.Now, I believe most of these bugs where just never caught because testing didn't make it past the first year. So they probably never really tested the marriage for bugs, or maybe its just my poor Penny that got glued to the farm for eternity, to be constantly frustrated by ""something"" being in her way.Is it worth the purchase?Yes. I have enjoyed my time in it, I will continue to enjoy my time in it. As a great memory to Harvest Moon I love it, and the gameplay is just interesting enough to keep me going. I have already put more hours into it than games I spent way more money on. I love watching everything progress and my bank account get larger and larger. I also can't wait to start a family, having upgraded the house to a nursery I noticed a crib and two beds making me believe we will finally defeat Harvest Moon's odd 'ONE CHILD ONLY' rule when it came to families.I am simply hoping for enough content to come from updates to continue this game upwards. I can't say its better than Harvest Moon, but it has a chance to be with enough love, kindess, and story writing. Who knows though, maybe they hid the story with that strange stone in the top left corner of your farm ;)"
76561198046200623,Recommended,413150,21611184,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Magknight,"This is a better game than Friends of Mineral Town, which was where I thought Harvest Moon peaked. By, like, a lot. I can't believe how much effort clearly went into this game. This launch was so amazingly well handled, too, I haven't encountered a single bug that hasn't been fixed before it even affected me. Congratulations, ConcernedApe!"
,Recommended,413150,21600853,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mr.DogTZ,"If you love Harvest Moon : Back to nature , of course you will love this gamebut I want NPC in this game have more different face emotional then this game will eat my soul"
,Recommended,413150,21594764,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,(OTG)Fadari,"This game is so enjoyable! It's slow or fast, hard or easy, sandbox or quest driven depending on your mood or choice. That the developer has been approachable and checking bug reports and content ideas adds a whole other level of great to the game."
,Recommended,413150,21528841,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ashandari,"Great game if you like Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing.  Way more to do than in many of the Harvest Moon games and the graphics are charmingly retro.  Tons and tons of variety for crops, animals, and items.  Even has some light action when you explore the mine.  My wife will deinitely be putting a couple hundred hours into this game.  Incredible job, ConcernedApe!"
,Recommended,413150,21586861,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Party Favor,Game is mindless fun for hours and hours. If you like games like Harvest Moon and Rune Factory you'll love this game.
,Recommended,413150,21581135,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nanatsuiro,this game is really awesomeif u love havest moon im sure u gonna love this game
,Recommended,413150,21501319,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,kunstner,"Love the soundtrack, adventure, events, npcs.Best rpg i've ever played!"
,Recommended,413150,21586481,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Trus,"Usually don't write any reviews, but ConcernedApe deserves it.This game is such a nice break from everything else out there, and to think it was made by one single developer, who patches the game constantly and listens to his community is amazing.Bought my friend a copy as well.BTW, if you loved Starbound/Terraria/Runescape/HarvestMoon, then this is THE game for you."
,Recommended,413150,21626124,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mox,"Step 1) Creating a character.. (Red  hair with red beard)Step 2) Get diamond looking chest plate...Step 3) Name your character where npcs will say it!Step 4) Watch cutscenes (Don't skip it)Step 5) You're in your own farm in few minutesStep 6) Farm a little bit 9 to 10 minutes passed already holy sh!t?!Step 7) Go to store write a review and then recommend it to friends to buy it!Step 8) Repeat all that in your second,third, fourth and fifth steam account.Step 9) Up vote it as positive and support this bad @ss developer.Step 10) 11/10 will buy it for my 3rd, 4th and 5th steam account."
,Recommended,413150,26980752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rimspoke,"I never played Harvest Moon, but I did play a lot of Animal Crossing and this games just lets me zone out and enjoy some quiet time on the farm. Love it."
76561198009426316,Recommended,413150,27320028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shivva,You realize that a pupil can behest the master when you play this game.The creator put all his love in making the game.
76561198109379416,Recommended,413150,32669562,Posted: 23 June,all,Lautrup,"It's a really nice and lovely game. The story is also nice, but when you completed the story it CAN get a bit rutine like, and personally I don't that much.Stardew Valley is also indeed nice because you can play arownd with diffrent types of farms, and move the buildings arond too... It's a nice game okay!?10cows out of 10 cows..."
,Recommended,413150,22573446,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Princess Cellestia,"This game is brilliant.  Everything you love about HM with any of the things you hate.  If I hadn't bought about 20 other games that I need to slog through, this and Factorio would be the only 2 games I played.  Yes, it's as good as everyone says it is and with the constant updates it's only going to get better.  Play it, you'll love it."
76561198042061228,Recommended,413150,21678857,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Quincy Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"How can i stop playing this Game.Game play 10 /10Mineing gathering farming fishing ...so many things to do and so fast the day past :(Communicate with the single villagers  U can build a family even have babyGradual opening of the area and functionsI can't talk anymore, I want to go fishing today."
,Recommended,413150,32517348,Posted: 17 June,all,Frank and Sinatra,"Farm, farm, farm.They said, mine.Mine, mine, mine.They see me sell.Sell, sell, sell."
76561198027117925,Recommended,413150,32660461,Posted: 22 June,all,landofthelala,"This game is fantastic. So relaxing, the music is lovely! Bought it at full price, would gladly pay that much again. Love how much work the developer is still putting into the game. They deserve every penny earned. My poor misunderstood lonely Sebastian always.10/10."
76561198099022500,Recommended,413150,32660611,Posted: 22 June,all,Schauf62,"Relaxing, fun game with a lot of character and detail"
,Recommended,413150,32660591,Posted: 22 June,all,Moondog,"One of my favorite games to ""de-salt"" myself after getting tilted from literally.There's nothing better than escaping the cruel reality of the day by experiencing a much more relaxing one."
,Recommended,413150,32651815,Posted: 22 June,all,Qedhup,"I've sunk almost 60 hours into this game and there's still so much left in it that I want to do. It's such a great game, well balanced and with more free updates in the future that are being worked on (like multiplayer).Whether you want to fight baddies in the dungeon, spend your hours fishing or plan an awesome farm... or maybe do all of it! This is a great game for that. Lots of little secrets and different ways to play the game. Even after you've played through many in game years and created an uber farm the game still has tons of replay value.I recommend this highly."
76561198015158223,Recommended,413150,32667124,Posted: 22 June,all,foszae,"Look — not my style of game.  But the kind of indie developer filling an interesting and underserved niche.  So, honestly, a way better person to give your money to than some giant soulless corporation that has made half a billion (!) dollars selling Shark Cards for some grindy, repetitive online game all while deliberately screwing over the single-player and modding communities.  *cough cough* — rhymes with Fake Poo/Crock Car.   Support developers who treat their players with respect and create games that grow the world of gaming in interesting directions."
,Recommended,413150,32656846,Posted: 22 June,all,zencipher,"Came for the farming, stayed for the harem."
76561198321261393,Recommended,413150,32417402,Posted: 14 June,all,Honeydukes,Addicting & fun. Lots of characters and a whole lot more to do than farm.Also dev is a really cool dude.+The music is super good11/10 would give my money again.
76561198157558119,Recommended,413150,22262229,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Outsider,"I would say this game is pure gold. I would say that it is perfect in every aspect, and it is a nice relief from the frequent FPS's that you commonly see in Steam recommended games. I would say that this game will keep you hooked, even when you don't quite understand why you're hooked.So I will.This game is pure gold.In addition to this, while the game is exceptionally good as it is right now, (April 5, 2016) the developer is CONSTANTLY releasing updates to the game, refining it to further extent. The only flaw I see about the game is the possibility that you don't own it. Which you should."
,Recommended,413150,32522572,Posted: 17 June,all,Anub'arak,WHY ARE YOU NOT PLAYING THIS?
76561198046863661,Recommended,413150,32684428,Posted: 23 June,all,cheesecakekilla,One the most addictive games I've ever played. Absolutely love it!
76561197994516732,Recommended,413150,32680743,Posted: 23 June,all,head00r,You like farming?You like fishing?You like minig?You like making friends?You like to explore a new world / town?YES! This game is absolutely made for you. Go buy it! It's a charming game and the athmosphere of the town and the people is fantastic.
76561198097660351,Recommended,413150,32685519,Posted: 23 June,all,Ven,"Everything I loved from Harvest Moon, with more stuff to do."
76561198064633766,Recommended,413150,32674312,Posted: 23 June,all,BACKDOORBERNIE,Fun game worth the bux.
76561198052192948,Recommended,413150,32683599,Posted: 23 June,all,Russtifarian,Great game to invest in - something to pass the time on a lazy day or just set yourself goals! Highly recommend if you're looking for a casual (and sometimes not so casual) and fun game
,Recommended,413150,21580256,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Capybard,"Stardew Valley is a combination of the best version of Harvest Moon you can think of with some of the best aspects of Animal Crossing, and yet it has a charm all of its own. It's a game I've wanted for the PC for years, and it's finally arrived. I love it."
,Recommended,413150,21487935,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,FirstHour,"Grew up playing Harvest Moon since the SNES version, Stardew Valley finally feels like Harvest Moon done right on the PC. The crop system will feel familiar but there is a lot of new stuff on and off your farm. The village feels alive and grows with you as you invest in it. There's also a story about modern day life creeping in on rural life."
,Recommended,413150,21580315,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,.Vandy-,This game is so realistic and the love story system is way more BETTER than TWILIGHT. The wizard asked me to test his drugs and i got blazed by it + You can do 360 no scope combat against monsters using a slingshot.10/10 love this game
,Recommended,413150,21551433,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Xeno,"Beautiful game, scratches that Harvest Moon itch and then some!"
,Recommended,413150,21759754,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,shodan2020,"This is an amazing and thoroughly enjoyable farming/small town life game. It looks great and plays super smooth. I can't believe how fast time goes by when I play this game. If you like games like Harvest Moon, this is the game for you. Highly recommended and be nice to the hobo. He will save your♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,413150,21554789,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kazoolhu,"If you haven't already, you're going to be hearing a lot about this game. This game was made over the course of several years by one developer. It is very much like Harvest Moon in all the best ways. Honestly, it's better than any Harvest Moon to come out in the past 10 years. This game is an absolute steal at $15, even more so on sale. It is easily worth $30, if not more.This game will suck you in for hours and hours worth of playtime. I am about 10 hours into it and feel like I'm just breaking the surface of the content that is available in this game. I've gone through one season of the game, and I think the ""story"" of the game lasts around 3 years. At the rate it's going, that will be about 96 or so in game hours. The game doesn't even end after you beat it. It continues on indefinitely.This game is an easy to pick up/hard to master kind of game. School-aged kids can pick it up and so can older players. The game has so much content that you can play it however you want. If you want a fun casual game to sink time into, this is the game.The developer is also very involved with the community. Since launch (3 days ago), the developer has released 3 updates. He is constantly hanging around the subreddit taking feedback about the game. If there is a major bug, don't expect it to be around for long. He is working around the clock to address issues and make the game even better.10/10. This game came out of nowhere and is going to be around for a long, long time."
,Recommended,413150,21810436,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Tomatillo,"As an old school Harvest Moon fan, I've been waiting for a game like this for 15 years. My fondest gaming memories are of playing HM64 and Back to Nature with friends as a child, comparing farm layouts and speculating about what secrets might lay at the bottom of the mine. The villagers in those games were interesting and complicated characters, each with their own problems and quirks that were revealed as you got to know them. Unfortunately since then, each new Harvest Moon has sunken to a new level of cutesy anime blandness with very few worthwhile features added. I had given up hope of ever seeing a new game in the tradition of the HM games I loved as a child. But then Stardew Valley came along. At first I was doubtful that an indie game developed by one person could ever match those old games. But I have to admit this game is not only their equal but actually surpasses the old games by an enormous amount. There's so much here. The fishing system is robust with dozens of unique species to catch. Both the town and your farm can be upgraded in a great number of ways that will keep you busy for a long time. Most villagers have story scenes that are revealed as you get to know them, not just the marriage candidates. And there are plenty of secrets to discover and new areas to unlock. I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,413150,21826328,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,A Gallon of Milk,comfy af
,Recommended,413150,21826254,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Thundercat,"This game is fantastic.  If you have ever played and enjoyed an Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon game, this is for you."
,Recommended,413150,21622431,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kisa,"So just started this game and I am huggggeee Harvest Moon and Rune Factory game fan.  I really like it and think this will be come my new addiction for next few months.  Though do have a few grips but they are super minor compared and hopefully the creators read these.1. Harvest Moon got this right but put Icons for the villagers on the map.  I spent most my first day trying to find them all and still didn't.2 Mini map or Icons for important shops.3. Bit more of tutorial  just for controls, (I play with a game pad ) and or showing where you can put/ store stuff.That is it honestly as new player.  Might update when get more into the game but so far I love the fact you get all the tools at the start and it doesn't hold hand super a lot."
,Recommended,413150,21722472,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,csteere,Do you miss Harvest Moon 64? Do you want to abandon your life for the next few days? If so than this game is for you!
,Recommended,413150,22277558,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,CowPow79,"This game is amazingly addictive. I played 47 hours in three days. That's two days out of three. I got a total 15 hours sleep. Best weekend of my life (but probably not, although it was great)."
,Recommended,413150,22320451,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,JimmyBeans,"everything about the game is great, but the fishing is the one thing that annoys me. everytime i get a fish thats hard to catch like level 75 fish, its IMPOSSIBLE to catch. please nerf the harder fish and make it so you can actually CATCH the fish. Exaples of the hard fish are the squid and the sturgeon"
,Recommended,413150,21882091,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,KitsuneFenix,"I don't write reviews often, but this game really deserves it. It's fun to play, it's not ""competitive"" or building unnecessary challenges just for the sake of them. It's relaxed, interesting, and a good time in multiple ways. There are a few tricky things to figure out or practice, but it seems to be a part of the fun. Overall, it's a really positive experience with a little bit of everything. The hardest thing is trying to fit everything you want to do into a day! I hope that eventually the game gains the ability for long term/creative play, and I look forward to multiplayer co-op when it one day becomes an option. I'm hoping that me and a couple friends can all travel to each others' farms to pet goats and see how we've decorated, plus whatever other shenanigans may be added in. The game is a blast. The developer should be really proud of himself. And if you enjoy a game that's about creativity, character building, exploration, and world building, then this should be a great one for you!"
,Recommended,413150,22136991,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Zini,Great game.Would sink 250+ hours again.Send help.
,Recommended,413150,22246824,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,AndreTheSwole,love it!
,Recommended,413150,21935101,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,MatrixJohnasen,work hard until you die.I recommend.
,Recommended,413150,22247709,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,amber_titan,"every moment of this game is fun, there are times when you're basically doing the daily grind but it doesnt feel boring at all. Hats off to the creator for single handedly creating a masterpiece of fun!"
,Recommended,413150,21567686,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,r7liph,玩左4日停唔到手10/10
,Recommended,413150,21549208,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sexy Pork Cutlet Bowl,"Like others, I have watched and waited for this game for years now. I came across it in a search for a game similar to Harvest Moon and this certainly delivers."
,Recommended,413150,21888104,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Zettron,Just another way to escape from reality.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
76561198093813860,Recommended,413150,22332320,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Chickieeboom,"Great game, very nostalgic.Wish the social aspect of gameplay would be expanded, the marriage patch was a great addition!"
76561198024724660,Recommended,413150,22207056,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,guitarded_ak,"This game is almost EXACTLY like Harvest Moon 64, and I've been trying to find a game like it for a very long time. All the Harvest Moon games after 64 just didn't do it for me...until now.If you have time in your life to spend hours on a game like this, it is definitely worth it. BUT BEWARE. You will easily lose several hours in this game and not even realize it.From farming to making villagers happy and inevitably marrying your favorite NPC, this game is fantastic. You can even marry same-gender if you want! The graphics and music in this game are wonderful and the developers spent a lot of time making it worth while."
,Recommended,413150,21980469,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,KFJ,"This game is tremendous value for money. It's simplistic, fun, and turning in an enormous crop of Cranberries and getting absolutely loaded is a wonderful feeling. I would have been happy with just the farming aspect of the game but it's also loaded with things like dungeons, romance, fishing and just all sorts of side-activities - Best part is, they're all optional. Want to be a pure farmer? You can still get most items without going into the dungeons. It's a whole lot of fun, and I recommend it wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,413150,21736647,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Dr.D,This game is super dank. If you liked Harvest Moon you'll love this!
,Recommended,413150,22206794,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,chibisatou,"So I quickly befriended the town drunk, hermit, and grumpy old man.I learned that everyone really likes either parsnips or eggs.Kissed all the single ladies and gents.10/10Would destroy all of the trees again.In all seriousness though, the game is fantastic, and I highly recommend it with the warning that it can be pretty addictive. (Just. one. more. day)."
,Recommended,413150,22236398,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Karma Chameleon,this is your life now
,Recommended,413150,21496068,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Gladeflower,"If you feel moody and have the time in your life for gaming, Then I recommend this cute game, it will make you feel soft warm and happy"
,Recommended,413150,21539383,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Shredon,"Great game loaded with content, it needs a bit of polishing on the edges but I really do enjoy it. If you like harvest moon type games, you will love this game."
,Recommended,413150,21541879,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Reticulatas,"I've barely eaten or slept since I got my hands on this game, that's the biggest praise I can give it.Just finished year 1 and looking forward to more years to come.Thanks, whoever made this."
76561198076462559,Recommended,413150,21490169,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Coachcrumbles,"When I was young, Harvest Moon released on the SNES. I rented it for the weekend. It was unique, simple, and fun for the time. Stardew reminds me of that experience, but with modern conveniences. Very well done."
76561198028152491,Recommended,413150,21514849,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Bismar7,"After spending a bit of freetime in this game I want to give it a 9/10. The only Cons for me are the openess of the game... comparable to how minecraft felt when it first came out. There is minor handholding and the game simply expects you to know something (I still am unsure about cooking... like do I have to find these recipes? If I have all the ingredients can I learn it?). However while this is a minor frustration I think it creates a challenge rarely seen in games these days, but not having a way to find this is a con to me.Good art style, I've had no problems with bugs, and LOTS of content. There always seems to be something new to discover if I look for it.I certainly recommend this game."
,Recommended,413150,21511230,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,driveandkill,This game definetely was not on my radar before I saw a video just a day after release and man this game is loveeeeely! It is just so well made and you really get the feeling that the devs have invested a lot of work and love in it! Big recommendation on this one especially for the price and even more on a possible future sale.
76561198017574286,Recommended,413150,24550628,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,bruno,"Just one more day and then I'll go to sleep ... just one more, I promise."
,Recommended,413150,24652721,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,dinty moore beef stew aficionado,Simply epic
76561198068213971,Recommended,413150,22189674,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SandSquid16,"I absolutely adore this game. I have played quite a bit, and I know that there is still so much more content to see. The music is charming, and I love the art style. Honestly, this may be one of my favorite games of this year. If you've got the money to spare, I would abosolutely recommend this game."
76561198064122781,Recommended,413150,24670273,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,DoGgs,"Every once in a while a game comes along that makes you feel all fluffy inside...you hug and kiss your kids, your nagging wife becomes your bestest friend again, you even start feeling sympathetic for people you once despised, this game is digital ecstasy.  I like to think of myself as a mans man, played arma 3, left for dead and GTA for years...fk yeah i did! then i saw stardew valley in the steam store, bought it on a whim and fired it up.  Five hours later i came off with a feeling of shame and embarrassment, not because i wasted my money, because i loved every second i spent in the game.  This game is now my dirty little secret, my mates would not understand if i told them i play stardew valley, i'm like the cross dressing husband that wears his wifes clothes when he's alone, he dances around the house with unbridled joy...he wants to tell the world of his new found joy, but there has to be a time and place, but for now its his solitary pleasure, and his alone. That in a nutshell is stardew valley...my guilty pleasure... 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,24676860,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Skeletonfriend,"As of August 2nd, 2016, I've clocked almost 100 hours in this game. I feel like that says everything that needs to be said about Stardew Valley.10/10, ridiculously worth it."
,Recommended,413150,24953971,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Vampire Gillian Anderson,"So, after 452 hours, because of new games that came out, I've stopped visiting Stardew Valley. I'd like to think that game sprites are sentient in their own universe, and one day, my video game husband Elliott found that I just up and vanished. Our toddler child never got a sleep routine programmed, so every night when I hit the save button which puts my character to sleep, our child was running around in the house still, instead of in bed. Out of the hundreds of canned responses programmed in Elliott, he confesses that he never thought of himself as someone who'd know anything about child-rearing, but some days he'll have gotten up to make me coffee, or helped me water some plants, or fill our cat, Booger's water bowl. He was a writer and a pianist, passionately inspired by his bachelor house on the beach. At the seasonal festivities, I'd find him scandalously dancing or talking to the same village character, Leah, who was a sculptor. I imagine if I didn't come along, perhaps they would have been more than friends.So one day, the calendar no longer turned over to Wednesday from Tuesday, in Stardew. The crops didn't grow anymore, and apparently I was pregnant with the second child which was never birthed or named. The world literally stopped for him. Elliott, with his strange favorite things that I gifted him, like lobsters and duck feathers, and his long, red hair, paused forever in a moment in time. The world became dark for him, in a digital save file, as if he paused the tip of his pen on the page too long, the ink spreading on the 16-bit pages.I overwhelmingly recommend this game. Animal Crossing was a hilariously shallow diversion from the day to day. Stardew Valley was where you got invested in the towns people, with their characters who confess to you depression, alcoholism, self-doubt, a fear of mortality, and love. This is the first time in a game I bothered to learn anyone's names. They have hundreds of things to say to you. Dozens of opinions. Too many crops to count, and ever more areas to unlock, even seasons or years in to the game. It never frustrated me that I couldn't see or do something yet, it was always one more thing to look forward to, which I have literally never felt that way for before in another game. There was no sense of urgency, and every new day was an opportunity to have fun and get lost in a world that had a clock, but which you could pause and leave running for days, so that their Tuesday was also your Tuesday."
,Recommended,413150,24981811,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Beeastaw,Definitely recommend this game. Extremely fun and replayable. Reminds me of the Pokemon games on the gameboy when I was younger even though its a completely different game. I just get the same feeling of excitement and fun out of it.
76561198036687594,Recommended,413150,24941530,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Meatwad,Was a fun game. It was a time killer for sure. I havn't played this in sometime now just waiting for an update. Still waiting. But fun harvest moon type of game. Finnily figured out what those totem things are. But I won't spoil for you other fellow gamers. Their are a few hidden area's in the game that you wouldn't have any idea to look into that space. Also with certain goods you can get these weirdo statues. Why is their no badge for that any ways.  Thank you come again.
,Recommended,413150,24906224,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Moon Moon,"What can I say about Stardew Valley? If you have fond memories of Harvest Moon, especially the Super Nintendo one, this is the game for you. It brings back all the nostalgia and the memories while still feeling fresh and new.  The fact it was all done by one man? That's just downright amazing. I'm going to try to stop gushing and do a proper review now though.PROSPretty much the best farming game of it's kind out there.""Feels"" like Harvest moon's heyday.Runs perfectly as far as I can see.Has mod support.CONSCoop isn't out yet, it's coming but not yet.Neutral notes.As a note that is nowhere near worthy of being a con there is one slight irritation in the marriage system. Every potential spouse is marriable regardless of what you pick for your character. Now, this isn't about there being same sex marriage in this, That doesn't bother me. The way it's done though leaves two options. One, every one of them is bisexual... which is fine but it isn't mentioned or two, they're left feeling... less of individuals. I get why of course and I'm not against it and it can always be explained as just matching up in the player's world but that's one tiny thing that bugged me. No reason to not buy by any means though. BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,413150,22405813,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,meep,This game taught me that if you give a girl enough salad she will fall in love with you.
,Recommended,413150,21941352,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Rlenk,Love it.
,Recommended,413150,21941554,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ruru,this is AWESOME GAME!!!!
,Recommended,413150,21941733,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Lethena,Do you secretly want to play Farmville but feel missed when it was popular so you wouldn't be judged? This is the game for you. It's Harvest Moon 2.0.Till stuff. Farm stuff. Sell stuff. Repeat stuff.GET THAT CRANBERRY MONEY.GET A HORSE.RIDE YOUR HORSE PLACES.GLOAT ABOUT YOUR HORSE TO YOUR FRIENDS WHO JUST BOUGHT THE GAME AND DON'T HAVE A HORSE YET.It's a pretty alright game.
,Recommended,413150,21743095,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Nehssa,"I really cannot express how much I love this game. I have put in SO many hours, and I still feel like I've only scratched the surface of the game. It's charming, fun, addicting, and magical. BUY IT."
,Recommended,413150,21617017,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Eas,"3 years of waiting since its announcement on greenlight payed off! Stardew Valley delivers the ""Harvest Moon"" experience to PC. While it sticks to the concept and style of harvest moon it offers a huge amount of improvements over the original series. The developer Concerned Ape did a great job in creating a lively world with lots of details and lots of stuff to do. It's obvious how much work and love he has put into the game. I'm stoked to see what the future of the game will bring. Everyone who likes Harvest Moon will have a blast with this game!"
,Recommended,413150,21568492,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[ISIS] Paula Deen,"I am absolutely crazy about this game, I've played it almost non-stop since I bought it. It's hard to pinpoint exactly what makes the game so good, but in short, it's the loads of content to sort through, the peaceful vibe of the game, the ease of picking up new mechanics, the fun of collecting stuff like artifacts and fish, the old-school feeling blended with new-school smoothness.If you're a fan of Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon, you'll love this game. It throws in a little combat so you don't get too bored, and it suceeds hugely at almost everything it sets out to do. It also makes an interesting statement on the modern world - how detached we have become from nature and simple things, how we willingly contribute to large corporations at the expense of small business, how communities can help each other make a difference. Can't wait to continue exploring the game, it's a real gem, you've got to try it!"
,Recommended,413150,21681399,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,WhiskeyShotguns,"This game is crack.Remember Minecraft? That was weed.This game has progression. Real progression. That you can feel.You'll be YOLOed up farming yo crops makin stacks while chattin up sweet honies up in town.Hold up, you can be gay too. If you want. Game doesn't judge.Hold up, the game's soundtrack and art design is ♥♥♥♥in top notch. You don't see this much quality often.Hold up, this game was made by one ♥♥♥♥ING PERSON.I can understand if a video game about farming doesn't interest you. But I'm 100% sure you've never played a game like this if that's what you think. This game is addicting. You get in there and it doesn't tell you anything. You work yourself up from a field of rocks and twigs, until you've got a self-managing gold mine generating hot stacks while you're off doing whatever you want. No other genre of video game has this level of satisfaction in its progression.If you've ever played Harvest Moon, and enjoied it, then buy this game. It's that simple.Need I remind you the game was made by one person? It's got some glitches, but none of them are major, and that ONE DEVELOPER I've been talking about has been on the PHONE responding faster than your nearest pizza place with feedback and patches.Also, talks are in about making this game multiplayer in the future.What are you doing? Buy this game.It'll change your life. It'll save your marriage. It will earn you one billion dollars.No it won't.But goddamnit, it'll be fun.www.firstdraftinthetrashblog.wordpress.com"
,Recommended,413150,21883137,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Terratron,"InB4 game of the year.This game took my younger days of playing countless hours on Harvest Moon, hammered minecraft in it, and threw in a pinch of Link to the Past.If Terraria had evolution stages, this would be its next form.:P"
76561197990959986,Recommended,413150,21716902,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,-ßЯҢ- *RAWR*Spank Me*,Seriously. This game is THE BEST!
,Recommended,413150,21820015,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bliss,"I never played a game like this, so this was my first contact with this genre. I saw a bit on a Stream and was intrigued. It looked very relaxing and the retro look was appealing.I honestly didn't expect that i would invest roughly 70h for one playthrough (a 2 year cycle) and i have nothing to complain about.If you like farming games and retro style, this is a must buy.To put it simply: If you DO NOT like retro style or if you DO NOT like farming games, do not buy this game. If you are okay with both or maybe only one of these two, this is a safe buy for you."
,Recommended,413150,21779343,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ObsiEez,"I've owned this game for about 4 days now & I've been playing it non-stop since, I used to play Harvest Moon & Rune Factory a lot & they were my favourite games. This game is basically if those 2 games had loving, passionate sex & then gave birth to Stardew Valley.In short if you love Harvest Moon and/or Rune Factory, get this game now, & If you have no idea what either of those are..... Get this game still anywayEDIT: Dope af"
76561198328764808,Recommended,413150,32967266,Posted: 28 June,all,shinylittlebeast,"I'll just say what everybody else says, Just Buy IT!"
,Recommended,413150,32973410,Posted: 28 June,all,dog-iwnl-,"I love it, it's got good laid back aspects like farming, questing, and interacting with the townspeople but it also has intense, dungeon-like mines to add some combat action. Overall I really like it!"
76561198005859481,Recommended,413150,32992005,Posted: 29 June,all,Mike,"Do not play this game it will consume your soul most likely.Relaxing atmosphere and music, all NPCs have their own story.What looks like a nice and peaceful place actually hides a much darker reality when you read into each characters storyIf you enjoyed harvest moon or just like calming farm games in general then i would recommend it."
,Recommended,413150,27539970,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Moonwolfje,Best RPG game ever! :D Waiting for multiplayer option :(
,Recommended,413150,32929125,Posted: 28 June,all,Müslikrieger,Very addictive game about growing stuff on your own farm.Also there's chicken - the hound would be pleased.
,Recommended,413150,33064592,Posted: 30 June,all,ReenReen,You'll get shouted by people for being productive in this game
76561198003117962,Recommended,413150,27829339,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HoboChris,"Award says just 5 more minutes, in reality that just means one more day"
,Recommended,413150,33051726,Posted: 30 June,all,nIcE bLooM,Very good.10/10Would plant again... ;)
,Recommended,413150,25719057,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,sl0wp0ke,"This game is by far my favourite farming game of all time, if not my favourite game of any genre. Although 100% completing it was an rng nightmare and a huge time sink, it has endless hours of gameplay for just $15 and i recommend you buy it right now"
,Recommended,413150,22025151,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,TreM | CME.GG,The Intro dragged me to the bottom and punched me.200/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,413150,23046895,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Bnshepherd,"Someone recomened this to me because I am a huge Harvest Moon fan, but I didnt expect this game to be better than most of the HM titles.  It is. Buy it now. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,27767036,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MAMEiac,"Absolutely deserves the praise it gets for nailing a great light farming RPG experience that blends elements of Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, and some others. Both my daughter and I jave played the heck out of it. Relaxing, serene, and worth giving a try if you've ever played and enjoyed games like it in the past."
76561198012070710,Recommended,413150,33050247,Posted: 30 June,all,InsomniaticFrenchToast,Itso kay. If you like Harvest Moon you'll like this game. Simple as that. :) The NPCs are normal people with normal worries and they seem like people you could really meet.
,Recommended,413150,27608604,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ellendi,This is a really great game. So cute and very well done.
76561197971690251,Recommended,413150,28766360,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rock Lobster,"Was really good until it got better and then it got better and better and better.  It's good.1,298,409 / 10  Parsnips"
,Recommended,413150,21567525,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,John A Zoidberg,I got this game because because it reminded me of Harvest Moon for the SNES and I loved that game. This game is so much better in every regard. My girlfriend and I have played it everyday and have been loving every minute of it.
,Recommended,413150,21731794,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Teretenek,Gave a girl a flower for her birthday and she hated it.Virtual dating techniques: Exhausted.
,Recommended,413150,26947331,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Megatomic |DFTBA|,"Stardew Valley takes the basic premise of the Harvest Moon series and knocks it out of the park. This game has so much content in it that you can seriously just start playing and get lost in it in the best way possible. Explore, get to know some new friends, fish, mine, fight monsters, find love, and, of course, build a farm.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a game to just relax and enjoy."
,Recommended,413150,32879290,Posted: 27 June,all,Kitty Fratelli,"Love this game, it's awesome! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,413150,29683278,Posted: 3 February,all,Tolstoyce,"When I first heard ""farming RPG"" I thought it sounded incredibly boring, but I cannot get over how fun this game is. It's also really soothing/relaxing, especially when I'm having bad anxiety days. Concerned Ape has created a very compelling world with unique characters, a fun aesthetic, and an imaginative setting. Definitely one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,413150,32818855,Posted: 26 June,all,Bunneah,"The game is amazing. The game is in your hands, who do you want to be? The virgin farmerThe rich farmer. The horny farmer. The fisherman. The miner or the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Take your pick ;)"
,Recommended,413150,21671399,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zeitghast,"A genuine solid Harvest Moon type game. Kid friendly, but won't hold your hand through every new event and mechanic. More or less what I always hoped Harvest Moon would be!"
,Recommended,413150,24099015,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rebel40000,"What an amazing game.  I've put nearly 60 hours in so far and am still looking to play for another 60 more (and then some).  I think a lot of this is due to how the game works--You see, the game only saves at the start of each day, which might sound like a bad idea, but then you have to realize that each day in-game only lasts for like 15 minutes (unless you have the game paused, which in that case time WILL stop).  Therefore, it is very easy to simply start up the game, do your daily routines which includes watering your crops, feeding your animals, etc, and then go about the rest of the day.  Then when the next day rolls in you just simply... start the process all over again.  And again and again and again.  Next thing you realize your short 15 minute play session has turned into a 7 hour play session or something ridiculous.All in all, it's a fun game that I highly recommend.  I've never played a Harvest Moon game before so I had no idea what to expect from a game like this.  Just be aware that the game can and will devour whatever social life you may have."
76561198171048697,Recommended,413150,33008152,Posted: 29 June,all,Alice Pieszecki,I have been unable to play this game for less than 2 hours at a time.
,Recommended,413150,31818314,Posted: 18 May,all,sunnydaylee,"I had fun with this game and unlocked most of the achievements. It was very addicting. I loved getting to know the different characters, building friendships, and unlocking cut-scenes. I'm glad that the love-interest aspect isn't narrowed by gender. Whether you are playing as female or male, you may marry any of the dateable characters.I didn't unlock all of the achievements because I just couldn't bring myself to go the Joja-route."
,Recommended,413150,27114932,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,redtag,"Cancel all your appointments, clear your calendar before you start playing this game. Tones of replay value."
76561198030648672,Recommended,413150,33154565,Posted: 2 July,all,apikoros18,"I win, then I come back. Then again. and again"
,Recommended,413150,33022908,Posted: 29 June,all,Oxygen,This is a good game... The bottom of the mines isn't the end. Hold on to 5 gold star parsnips in spring... Emily loves amythists.
,Recommended,413150,27549713,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hurricanekittykat,"Had to nominate this for the ""JUST 5 MORE MINUTES"" AWARD for Steam Awards. Seriously, I have done this during a work night and couldn't stop playing! lol."
76561198018195914,Recommended,413150,21514229,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Saev,Buy this game.
,Recommended,413150,21849479,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sassy Cat,"Such a fun and addictive game. There is so much to do in it, you'll never get bored.Tje game plays like Harvest Moon but with fun dungeon crawling thrown into it, so if you like the Harvest Moon games there's a good chance you'll also like this one."
,Recommended,413150,28005558,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Del,"play this game, esp if you liked harvest moon :D"
,Recommended,413150,25407673,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,✪ MisterShi,"Very cool game! Really recommend it if you have a spare $15 hanging around, very addictive, good job ConcernedApe!"
,Recommended,413150,26964290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Link_Mu_Shinigami,"Do you like Harvest Moon? You'll love this.I'm not going to write a huge professional looking review rating the sound, graphics, any of that. Simply put, if you enjoyed Harvest Moon, you'll enjoy this game.It does fall short in comparison, but Harvest Moon had years and years to reach certain levels of perfection. This is basically what Harvest Moon should have been from day one."
,Recommended,413150,26871710,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,littleaurora,Best simulation game ever.
,Recommended,413150,23735363,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ozymanius,"Seriously one of the best games I've ever played in my life, hands down. Definitely top 5. It has such a big variety in things to do and goes very in depth with crafting, relationships, farming and much more. With Co-op on the horizon and plenty of updates to come this is without a doubt one of THE BEST games you can buy if you enjoy farming, or slower paced games. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,26059711,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Red,If you're a fan of the Harvest Moon games you'll love this game. It feels like a more polished version of a Harvest Moon game. To top it all off the soundtrack is much better than Harvest Moon.
,Recommended,413150,32959920,Posted: 28 June,all,The REAL Tehu,"It'll eat away your life. But you won't notice, coz you will be too busy watering your cat."
,Recommended,413150,22373632,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ntcahy hellcase.com,FUn!
,Recommended,413150,21676491,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TF:,"Oh god where did my time go? I have work to do and courses to finish, I shouln't spend hours fishing and farming!I'm gonna though."
,Recommended,413150,27259041,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,What Would Joey Do?,The best farming game on Steam.
,Recommended,413150,26597047,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Tres Messiah's,"soothing sound effects and relaxing gameplay , perfect combination <3"
,Recommended,413150,21539021,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Real F.T.,"I just want my name to somehow be associated with this masterpiece of a game. 30 years from now when my future child is sitting in a game design class in some futuristic city, his robot professor will have him study this game as an example of how to do just about everything, and he will be able to raise his hand and say ""My dad played this game and gave it a positive review on Steam!"""
76561198196583429,Recommended,413150,33116523,Posted: 1 July,all,MasterBaiter,this is an awesome game but it deleted my save i was in half way through winter and it took me back to the 2nd of fall >:(
76561198203713589,Recommended,413150,33119358,Posted: 2 July,all,Infinite E,It's good.
76561198065100038,Recommended,413150,33117478,Posted: 1 July,all,BossBagel,"This game may seem pretty strange thinking it is only about farming and fishing and such, but once you get into the game, it is much, much more. One of the best games I have ever played. Don't second guess yourself, this game is great."
,Recommended,413150,24184610,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Butter,"Very excellent game here. This game offers too maby features for me to explain. Any fans of Minecraft, Terraria, Harvest Moon, and Animal Crossing (or even The Sims) will surely love this game. Not only does it have fitting soundtrack, the game keeps itself realistic and has many things going on with the town, including festivals. There are endless things you can do with this game, and what your game file will look like in the future is beyond imagination, due to so many possible things.I recommend this game to anyone who likes games like Animal Crossing and Terraria."
,Recommended,413150,33115602,Posted: 1 July,all,HiddenJester,"I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this game.I first heard about this game from the Youtuber SpaceHamster and when I first saw it I thought it looked quite charming. However due to me hearing that it was similar to the games from the Harvest Moon series I was very reluctant ( I never really enjoyed those games though the only ones i have played are Magical Melody, Friends of Mineral Town, and Animal Parade). So when I saw the game on sale I decided to give it a shot and Im glad I did.As I expected the game visuals gave the game a very charming retro look however it's the character that stole the show for me. There are only a small handful of games where I actually care about anyone. The realationships you make with the characters are great especially when you unlock sceanes with the characters. Like Harvest Moon you have a selection of characters that when you reach the pinnacle of the realtionship you can marry them.The gameplay is pretty much like your typical Harvest Moon game, you farm, fish, and mine and as you do you build up your skill level and thats pretty much it.In the game you play as someone who is bored with there city life and moves to the farm that he/she inherited from their grandfather. The Mayor eventually will show you the run down townhall where you run into the sprites. The Sprites role in this game is to help rebuild the townhall and add extra utilities, such as the minecart, after you give them the items the need. This is basically the main goal but is not required to do at all.Overall the game has been a blast to play, as of the time I made this Stardew Valley is coming to the Nintendo Switch which in my opinion if the game runs smoothly will make the game even better due to the Switch's portability making me able to play no matter where I go and I cant wait.Visuals: 9/10Characters: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Story: 8/10Overall Score: 9/10"
76561197970182795,Recommended,413150,33146374,Posted: 2 July,all,katthekittykat,"a good game, tons of props to the one man development team that is this game it is so much and more"
,Recommended,413150,22841088,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Norstan,"The first time I thought it was a stupid game that would become boring after 5 hours. But there are so many things to do. There are many interactions with the villagers, collect rare items, quests and build an awesome farm. The Community Center brings so many objectives. This game is one of the best games i played so far in 2016, and it's even going to get better after the multiplayer update."
,Recommended,413150,22326709,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,☭ Commissar Cuddly ☭,Everyone should have this game; One of my favourite games on Steam.I already gifted it to at least 2 people but sadly I'm poor.So do me a favour and buy this game ;3
76561198006986577,Recommended,413150,22242181,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"This game is simply phenomenal!  It was developed by one guy(ConcernedApe), and you can tell he poured his heart and soul into it.  Every aspect of this game is nearly perfect.  The art style is the most gorgeous pixel art I've ever seen.  The music and sound is done perfectly.  The gameplay is addictive and varied enough so you never get bored.  There's nothing about this game that I don't enjoy.  With co-op coming and more content on the way, I'll be playing this forever!"
76561198384219992,Recommended,413150,33143334,Posted: 2 July,all,scott,"picked it up after some high praise on outside Xbox- ruddy, lovely game!cute, endearing,layered but also really engaging the type of game that could have come out on the SNES. story, game play, addictive but above all deep."
,Recommended,413150,27893281,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Joey,"Fun, through and through.One of those games that you can't put down and then you start a new game and you want to just play all night."
,Recommended,413150,32921616,Posted: 28 June,all,Iris Heart,"i've played around 50 hours in stardew valley and i got to say, i enjoyed every miniute in stardew valley.it's fun, relaxing, and it has alot of diffrent play styles."
76561198041295402,Recommended,413150,29106376,Posted: 7 January,all,Faentoller,"It presents itself as a simple farming game, but its incredible depth starts showing after the first couple hours. Magic! Affairs! Unlockable areas! And the soundtrack is delightful."
76561198056827509,Recommended,413150,26915957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cyluho,"Cannot stop playing - and if I do, I'm always looking forward to come back. So much love in this, so much to discover & great design."
76561198092918795,Recommended,413150,29780931,Posted: 8 February,all,[Wehrmacht] Somewher3,"I love this game. May be this is the best game of 2016 (for me). If you don't know what game to play or just want to chill and have fun, this is the game."
76561197997790290,Recommended,413150,33142290,Posted: 2 July,all,thanatospl,"Oh wow another farm ville .. Well only thing thats in common is how addictive this game is.Its like a drug, you start small just to see whats all about then a bit more then you are trying to introduce others.cmon that game made my wife for the first time to look on  youtube for game plays and tutorials ..10/10 would marry her again :D"
,Recommended,413150,23762647,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sherrif,You like Harvest Moon? or Rune Factory? or Farmville?This is like Harvest Moon meets Rune Factory... but for grown ups... and better than farmville in like every way.
76561198087181298,Recommended,413150,22926338,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,SEPTICSKULL,"Stardew Valley, what a great addition to my library. With great gameplay and hours of fun for everyone, this game brings retro back. I recommend this game for anyone, any age, any gender. This is really one of the best games I played in a long while."
,Recommended,413150,24613611,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Little Potato,"If you're wondering whether you should get this game, here are a few things to ask yourself:Do you like cool space swords?Do you like digesting slimey products from the sea such as seaweed and algae?Do you like being abused by digletts, bugs, and mummies?Do you like watching tv?Do you want a batcave?Do you like feeding statues and weird stuff that couldn't possibly have a digestive system?Do you want to waste your life away building a life on your computer screen and neglect your real one?Are you interested to kick monster butt and have your own butt kicked too?Are you committed to neglect all your real life responsibilities?Have you always wanted to start a family virtually?Have you always wanted a farm?Do you easy wanna get laid virtually?Do you wanna make someone love you forever just by getting them pizza or rabbit's foot?If you answered yes to any of these,you are seriously messed up and should get this game like I did :D"
,Recommended,413150,22785141,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,OmgItsTania,"Love it. 66 hours so far that could have gone into studying for my degree but whatever, I had blueberries to farm and a bunch of ducks to pet."
76561198067540075,Recommended,413150,22933134,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Smarty1124,"It's a good casual game. As you can see I have over 100 hours put into it. Plenty to do early on: Mining, fishing, doing jobs around town. After the first two years or so in the game, there doesn't seem much to do, however the developers have said they are adding in more end game content. Over all, I'd say it was well worth the money. There weren't really any game breaking issues. A few visual errors here and there (mainly pertaining to my dog going beyond the walls of my house and my wife disappearing for a day, but those fixed themselves)."
,Recommended,413150,22934714,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,RandomPecans,"Hugely addicting game. Very engaging art style and gameplay elements. A unique take on the standard 2D RPG model. My only complaints would be a lack of endgame content and a lack of multiplayer, both of which the developer has acknowledged and is working on for future updates."
,Recommended,413150,22933230,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Planetweirdness,"Why is it so fun? I mean all you do is FARM! That's what I've been doing anyways. I haven't played much but I try to get on as much as I can. I've pretty much gone to hell and back poverty wise, and Haley hates my guts. I went through five stories of mines to get that stone and she hated it. I guess my guy is going to be gay from now on. Anyways, it's an awesome game and it brings back a lot of memories of Harvest Moon on the NES."
76561198060617766,Recommended,413150,21545411,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bodgetastic,"As a Huge Harvest Moon fan I saw this and instantly fell in love, I was not disapointed when it came to game play! It plays very much like Harvest Moon but also completely like its own game, I did find myself saying 'just one more day before I sleep' alot. There is a ton of things to do in game its nearyly over welming , but you never feel like you missed somthing just that there is always somthign to be doing.I was looking for a chilled game i could play when I did not want to stress over zombies or the end of the world....this is it. I find myself making plans in the future for this game, like getting ready for the up comming flower dance!All in All buy this game if you liked harvest moon or if you liked even one tiny thing about the look of it, its worth the money ten fold."
76561198040208688,Recommended,413150,32963219,Posted: 28 June,all,Fanarkist,"Can't stop playing. Won't stop playing. I am sorry Abby, I need to live my own life !"
76561198201833698,Recommended,413150,33112897,Posted: 1 July,all,yellowled88,"I've been playing this game nonstop since I bought it. It's very addictive and it gives you hardcore ""one more turn syndrom"". My only issue with it is the fishing mechanic, it is almost impossible to catch a fish and it is driving me nuts."
76561198082494200,Recommended,413150,32258951,Posted: 7 June,all,♈Skwee,"Not only could you be gay, they acknowledged it was gay. Plus I got to name all my animals after body parts. My favorite is my duck,♥♥♥♥♥ However my dog ♥♥♥♥♥ is pretty cool too, they just don't do anything."
,Recommended,413150,33210245,Posted: 3 July,all,Po,fun stuff
,Recommended,413150,32832447,Posted: 26 June,all,Yamcha,"real talk: why can't I flirt with Caroline? ♥♥♥♥♥ she can cheat on her husband for all I care lmao. One thing I don't like is how some stores are open at certain times and I feel like the day goes by too fast that I'll miss it. Also the music isn't all that great, can anyone recommend me some good music mods?"
,Recommended,413150,33216149,Posted: 3 July,all,HotoriGinzo,OMG i have only been playing this game for 2 hours now but omg i love it
76561198142267389,Recommended,413150,33216729,Posted: 3 July,all,Locke,"This game is amazing. It seriously is. Think Harvest Moon meets Terraria, and I can't recommend it enough. It's an absolutely mindblowingly good deal even at full price. You will sink hours into this game and love every minute of it. It's one of the only games I've played that was therapeutic, exhilirating, and satisfying all at the same time. I nearly cried during a few of the character cut scenes. Concerned Ape has made a masterpiece here. The gameplay is excellent, characters are great, music is wonderful and fun, the art is well done, it's just an extremely well done game.Get this game, you won't regret it.TL:DR   10/10 would create giant Wine factory farm again"
,Recommended,413150,24230592,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Madeinusa,"This game makes me sad cause my char has a meaninful life like I'll never ever have. He has friends and a community that supports and loves him. He is married to a caring and lovely husband that helps him in the farm. And here I am, I can't even remember the last time I took a shower."
76561198047017146,Recommended,413150,27592147,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GoldenCorsair31,"Since getting Stardew Valley in March of 2016, it  has quickly become the go to PC game for my girlfriend and I. For those that don't know, Stardew Valley is a farm simulator in the same vein as Harvest Moon, but one that excels based on its own merits. I have rarely seen a game that can appeal to such a wide variety of gamers, whether they be hardcore, casual, or somewhere in between. Stardew Valley is also easily one of the most accessible games for new gamers, but one that doesn't feel childish or ""dumbed down.""9/10"
,Recommended,413150,27635129,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hiromi Shizuko,It is pretty nice.I'm just waiting now for the multiplayer.
76561198037854760,Recommended,413150,26891380,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hardcore Professional Gamer,yes please
,Recommended,413150,27074460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KineseN,Love this game for its simplicity and how easy it is to put a few minutes (read: hours) into it.
76561198098838083,Recommended,413150,21594510,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,nujabes,The only game worth writing a review for. Love it.
,Recommended,413150,21594700,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,OnlyCrisp,"-Asks girl to dance-She says ""Ew, no...""-Spends rest of life trying to win her back.-Still no.8/8 it's gr8 m8"
76561198091678557,Recommended,413150,21597594,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Luciferspit,Never thought I'd get addicted to a game so fast!
,Recommended,413150,21598126,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ZoSo,Thank you  ConcernedApe for sucking hours of my life away with Stardew Valley.No time to write a real review. It's cutting into my gametime.Much appreciated.
,Recommended,413150,29866072,Posted: 11 February,all,OGBaconPantz,"I LOVE this game, I mean, I've had it for 9 days and I have 42 hours on it.  I think that this game is great due to how deep it goes and how, unlike other games, you don't know what to do, and not because there isn't enough things to do, but too many things to alternate with, but you know hat you have to do, like harvest and water crops, tend to animals, etc.  But where this game shines is how long you can play this game, because there isn't an ending, you could theoretically play it forever until you die or the computer does, and all of this for only $14.99 (in the US) is a great deal, because, unlike big triple A games like GTA V, you get a really rich story that bends to how you play, and you pay way less, unlike having to pay 60 to 10 bucks to get a game that might not be good, but with this game, there is no risk. because it's cheap, and it has lots of replayability and multiple saves.  So DEFINITLY buy this because it is definitely worth your money!"
,Recommended,413150,29284708,Posted: 15 January,all,Nano,"have no friends? no girlfriend/boyfriend? just on your computer all day, bored? this game is definitley for you. you'll get sucked into the most relaxing and enjoyable game you'll probably ever play. and yes. it actually involves farming.10/10 would trade social life for this game."
,Recommended,413150,23378466,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Supergravy,You can make mayonnaise in this game 10/10
,Recommended,413150,22246300,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Foreclosures,"My doctor told me I need to spend more time outside and stop avoiding interaction, now I can have the best of both worlds."
76561198102801402,Recommended,413150,22249351,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,76561198102801402,"The GoodsGreat SoundtrackLively and Funny DialogueEasy to Learn and Play Game MechanicsAwesome Developer SupportFriendly CommunityRelaxing and AddictingEndless Sandbox-ish Game StyleMakes You More Productive (I guess)?The Not So GoodBugs Here and There (But Developer Support is great)The VerdictThis game started off as a personal project and it took the developer 4 years to complete the game.There is no doubt that there is a lot of love pour into this game. Some may say it's a Harvest Moon spin-off or something like that, but this is truly special and stand on its own.The developer support is one of the greatest i have ever seen, he obviously cares for the players' experience in the game and will take note of all the bugs and suggestion and make it happen in a rather short time period.Total respect for a guy who is so passionate in what he is doing.Played this game for over 80+ hours and i enjoy every single minute in it.If this is not gonna make you buy and support the game, i don't know what will."
,Recommended,413150,22962234,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Hydra.,I love it. There are so many things to do. It's a little bit nostalgic for me because it looks like Harvest Moon which I used to play when I was young. Can't wait for multiplayer to come out!
,Recommended,413150,22967399,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,kapitan yard,just started playing 10 mins agofirst thing i noticed was that i can't sit in the clinic chairswhat kind of simulator is thissecond complaint: furnace sound10/10
76561198100008583,Recommended,413150,23089094,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,2Rad2BSad,"Where are you reality?Why cant I find you?Why hav eyou gone away?Where is the laughter?You used to bring meWhy cant I hear music play?My life is changingI'm falling into solitudeDoes that mean Stardew changes too?Where are you reality?Do you rememberThe one you used to know?Im not the same oneSee what the time's doneIs that why you have let me go?Reality still isnt hereNowhere, ohReality isnt hereI dont care, ohIf there is Stardew in your heart and your mindYou will feel like you never had a lifeOh, I dont feel you realityI know I've lost youYou have faded away, ohThe joy of StardewStays here inside usFills each and every heart with loveWhere are you reality?Fill your heart with Stardew"
76561198041967578,Recommended,413150,22849411,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DarkKittyCat,"Fantastic game! If you love Harvest Moon (Like I Do) you will love this game!Growing & Harvesting crops, Making Friends, Take care of animals and visiting the mine for gems!And who knows maybe you will find that special person in Stardew Valley!There is so much to do to keep you playing for hours!!"
,Recommended,413150,22999194,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Get Goof'd On,"My friends told me it couldnt be done........but i did it. After days of working and labor i finaly did what i set out to do. The entire game was not ready. Noone could handle the exports,but i did it. My entire farm was turned into only parshnips. The towns people resorted to only eating parshnips to end the madness of the exports, but when they did this i only made more. My friends were gifted parshnips every  day which drove them slowly insane. The world went into wide spread panic. In the end in caused an end to the human race for there was no more room to breath were all the parshnips are.10/10 would make the dominant race again"
76561198025826719,Recommended,413150,22695560,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Knight,"Think of a place that you can go after a long day at work.  Somewhere relaxing with nice music and a place where you can unwind after a hard days work.  Where is that place for me?.............. Stardew ValleyA game that places me in a casual meditative state away from day to day stress.  I always enjoyed the old harvest moon games that allowed for open gameplay.  Stardew Valley takes it to another level.  Your field is your canvas to place things how you like.  Choosing where to place your barns, crop plots, and pastures really allowed me to open up my imagination.  Even clearing your field of rocks and trees seemed to hit a nerve center in my brain that no other game could reach.  There is even a mission system in game as well as a goal system which opens up various opportunities as you complete them.From doing the daily chores of feeding animals and watering crops, to the time spent in the caves collecting metal to upgrade your various tools, Stardew Valley is a 10/10 in my book and I would urge you to pick it up.Stardew Valley has been the only game that I have spent the time to write a review for up to the current date and I am looking forward to what the future brings with this game.Thank you for spending the time to read my review."
,Recommended,413150,22709477,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,M'lady,i was about to write a review.........but i forgot where my house was and i passed out and someone took my money
76561198002381509,Recommended,413150,22910040,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Shoelace,"EAT, SLEEP, FARM, REPEATEAT, SLEEP, FARM, REPEATEAT, SLEEP, FARM, REPEATSo I came out of my house, there was dark, and there was night and there were street lamps. I was pretty, like, I dunnoSo I started playing Stardew Valley, and suddenly it was tomorrow and then tomorrow was today.10/10  if you weren't a potato before congratulations you are now"
76561198021536395,Recommended,413150,22926823,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,sirp0p0,This game is my anti-drug. I'm so addicted but it's a good kind of addicted.
,Recommended,413150,22713861,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,StatTrak™ Baka ],"A very Chill game to play right after you lose 50$ betting CS:GO skins. Love the music, gameplay and I would recommend for anyone who has time to waste and have fun."
,Recommended,413150,22857687,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Fubuki,"Game of the Year material, and literally everything was made by one person.A mix of Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing made wonderfully you will spend hours playing it and you will just be absorbed, it's an extremely relaxing game, it has some challenges, but it adapts to the player rythm, players that like to take it slow won't be punished for it, and players that like to min/max will be rewarded for it.Completely recomended and Leah = Best Waifu."
76561198046119089,Recommended,413150,33217833,Posted: 3 July,all,Inglorious,Perfect mixture of casual and addiction sort of gaming.
,Recommended,413150,33234911,Posted: 4 July,all,EmeraldGiant,"I was always a big fan of the Harvest Moon games, so when i found out about this game I was a bit skeptical as i feared it would be just a cheap rip off.Having now done nearly 70 hours within the space of two weeks, I can say my skeptism was wrong and the game has lived up to my expectations and beyond. Its customisation options, cooking, construction options, ability to decorate spaces make this a very enjoyable and potentially replayable game.The characters themselves also have an interesting depth in exploring many modern themes which was very interesting to see happen in a game like this.Overall, if your thinking of buying this game... just do it."
76561198031248354,Recommended,413150,24385051,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,cheunga22,"<3<3<3!!!Harvest Moon meets Terraria.  Yes please!  Stardew Valley is a work of art in the guise of a game.  Every bit, from the pixel art to the dialogue with the villagers seems like it was lovingly crafted."
76561198093743418,Recommended,413150,22396309,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Worlie,wonderful game! attention to detail is great and really lose track of time when you are playing :)
76561198255596335,Recommended,413150,33042241,Posted: 30 June,all,Rick Bishop,"One of the best games I've ever played.Cute, charming, with a kind of on-the-clock feel if you like setting goals and meeting them, but finally no need to hurry.There are some nice little stories about what it means to be human as you get to know the villagers. You farm, you mine, you fish, have an adventure or two, pat your pet on the head, and get some sleep. Lots to do, places to go, an entire second tier to the game (out in the desert), and fun retro 8-bit bouncing around.Terrific."
,Recommended,413150,33010870,Posted: 29 June,all,picklefishes,"My g-d, do I love this game. I was super into Harvest Moon, but this is like a better version of that. Sprinklers! Why is this the first game I've played with Sprinklers!"
,Recommended,413150,27150362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NoSumoNoSmash,"Stardew Valley is everything a Harvest Moon fan could have hoped for. I love the early titles in the Harvest Moon series, however, ConcernedApe has managed to replicate all of the charms of the early Harvest Moon games, while revitalizing the formula with original, refreshing ideas. This is the near-perfect Harvest Moon game that never happened.Beware, the game is extremely addicting."
,Recommended,413150,32988294,Posted: 29 June,all,Oceiros,"ALRIGHT GET READY TO READ A PASSION FUELED REVIEW BY SOMEONE WHO LOVES THIS GAME WAY MORE THAN THEY SHOULD:Ok if you like to kill crap and own a farm get this game, if you like to get married and own a farm get this game. Basically if you like to own a farm and do ANYTHING ELSE just get this game. Its a game that did what harvest moon has failed to do. It has given you a cute farming game with everything you've ever wanted. Fishing is actually fun and challenging, getting someone to love you CAN take some time. You can make a farm focused on simple crops, focused on animals, focused on a slime (monster) farm, ANYTHING you want you can do it. I enjoyed going mining and killing monsters, and getting new eapons the most.Pros:-Simple ""learning curve""-Fun especially for the price-adorable-casual if need becons:-none?"
,Recommended,413150,27378009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TimberRidge,By far the best casual game I've played so far. Not to mention that it has a ton of replay value.10/10 Would sleep days away again!
76561198047852650,Recommended,413150,26876441,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darkghost,The newest generation Harvest moon.Purchase is 100% worth it!
76561198011263894,Recommended,413150,29555388,Posted: 28 January,all,ixisstar,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,Here is one more thumbs upFor a valley called Stardew.Not that this game probably needs one more glowing review, but it's getting one anyway. I always loved the Harvest Moon games, but they had gotten themselves in a bit of a rut, and were having a hard time innovating their way out.This is so much better. It takes everything to love about the farming genre and does it right. The characters are fun, the mechanics solid, the music charming, the art bright and colorful.The only two down sides I can come up with are that fishing is rather hard, and I can't wait for multiplayer.Can't say that I'm surprised that this game has the most hours logged in my library."
76561198101876016,Recommended,413150,33193074,Posted: 3 July,all,ASDA,"I have been playing this game for a while now, and I intend to keep playing it, but recently my game has been restarting to the credits as soon as I click my saved main file. Apparently there is not a fix for it, and I am not sure what to do, I really enjoy this game, so if anybody knows, please message me  it is a good game and i highly recommend it"
,Recommended,413150,33197384,Posted: 3 July,all,✪ Totoroo ✪,"I addicted to this game, me and my brother keep playing this game till midnight -_- Oh great this is wasting time, but i keep planting and give flower to leah, fishing and mining and talking with grandmother evelyn :3 :3 I buy it cause summer sale, when i see the screenshot i think this is not will be a good game but after i buy it, i can't stop for playing this game again and again"
,Recommended,413150,33199185,Posted: 3 July,all,Megatronye West,"I'm not sure how I spent 44 hours watching vegetables grow, wandering caves, talking to neighbors, or feeding the homeless but I don't regret it. I probably won't regret the next 44 either."
76561198048104542,Recommended,413150,33201280,Posted: 3 July,all,Feebelnaut,Remember Harvest Moon? It's that.
,Recommended,413150,33203164,Posted: 3 July,all,TahquitzTriumph,"Long story short... if you liked the animation style of Chrono Trigger, and enjoyed Farmville except for the microtransactions and daily ""come back tomorrow"" limits, you'll dig this game.  Very relaxing, and if you're not careful, you'll spend 3-4 hours on 2 weeks of in-game time harvesting, planting, and foraging.But it's not all farming.  There's side quests, adventuring, and puzzles as well.  Plenty to keep you busy in between watering and planting."
76561198023350097,Recommended,413150,22443367,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Oranos,Love this game just can't stop playing
76561198132159615,Recommended,413150,33196757,Posted: 3 July,all,Bomb Voyage,10/10 would play again but confusing overall good game many wow
76561198141976224,Recommended,413150,32907428,Posted: 27 June,all,Swaggy Alien,Great game! I love how the character relationships work.The game somehow doesn't get boring; it's even fun to start over with a new character and see what I can do with them!
76561197961247493,Recommended,413150,29469110,Posted: 24 January,all,LaxMeister,Fun and relaxing game.
76561198041948883,Recommended,413150,28905522,Posted: 1 January,all,TemPow,"Harvest Moon was always a solid buy.But this game is much more than solid. And it is better than any HM I played (6 or 7, older and newer ones).+ great community and modsupport !If u liked HM, u will love this. I'm super cereal."
,Recommended,413150,21658480,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ManiacMadhatter,"Awesome game, hours of fun to be had."
,Recommended,413150,25248910,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Purple dove is luv csgoroll.com,Great game I played it in a pirated version then later on decided to buy the game and support the developer 10/10 best farming game that I played before
,Recommended,413150,22689444,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,the noob,There is no better life than Stardew Valley.
,Recommended,413150,27505456,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scyvill,"Stardew Valley is perfect for anyone who just wants to sit back, relax, and play. I love the calming and even somewhat mysterious atmosphere of the game, the art style is great, and the characters as well as lore have a lot of depth.Regarding the gameplay, this game has a really nice blend of RPG and simulation mechanics. Whether you like farming, exploring the mines, or building relationships with various characters, I think a large chunk of people will feel at home with this game.I don't really have anything significantly negative to say about Stardew Valley, and I can confidently say that the hours I have spent on this game are nothing that I regret."
,Recommended,413150,27770713,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Real Lightning,"A fun game to play if you're a collector, explorer type."
,Recommended,413150,27412923,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Miss Carnivora,"This game is so peaceful and relaxing <3 I've had a lot of fun so far and will continue playing. If you enjoyed Harvest Moon, this is the best new game you can ever find.P.S. Co-op Corp soon :D"
76561198025032082,Recommended,413150,27518515,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ChrisSparta,"Totally a game to relax and take care of a farm. Animals and plantations, see the change of seasons occurring while making friendships and socializing with the occupants of a small town and its mysteries."
,Recommended,413150,27920520,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mimyh,"Gave this my ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award vote. But it's more like, ""Just 5 more hours"".I hope Concerned Ape continues to make great updates for this game and new games in the future."
,Recommended,413150,24734502,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DOTR Avenged,"A fun and addicting little game that is bursting with depth and replayability. There's a great deal of things to do, whether it be farming or going out to mine while staving off monsters constantly trying to attack you.Build your own farm simulator, basically."
,Recommended,413150,32994868,Posted: 29 June,all,M__17__M,couldn't stop playing untill i finished first year
,Recommended,413150,27724391,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BaTMAn,Good relaxing game
76561198027191869,Recommended,413150,32884536,Posted: 27 June,all,Dastan,I feel important in this game and didn't get friendzoned 10/10
,Recommended,413150,27343366,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bubbelblaster14,"I didn't expect to enjoy this game so much, it's amazing. :D"
,Recommended,413150,27252392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shay,Just Five More Minutes.
,Recommended,413150,33217957,Posted: 3 July,all,Peachy Issy Bella,"I LOVE THIS GAME! 27 HOURS IN 2 DAYS!My boyfriend says I need an intervention, I say that I just need 5 more minutes on the game. Then 5 minutes turns into a few hours, and a few hours turns into a few days, then a few days turns into a few months.. This game has consumed my life, I play it from the moment I wake up, till the moment I go to bed. Then when I'm sound asleep I even dream of my little farmer, who has no friends because she is too consumed by her farm. She just keeps planting seed after seed until it is time for bed. Then she just wakes up and repeats it all over again.Maybe it is time for an intervention, but that would take time away from my game and I'm just not ready for that. I have a hard time even getting up for food, it is real difficult to leave my little farmer all alone. ;~; *sniffles* She needs me, just like yours needs you. So buy the game and get consumed by helping yours live the life they deserve!"
76561198111063848,Recommended,413150,33210516,Posted: 3 July,all,GrevenTheLeafeon,"Loved this game, well, still love this game, many hours of relaxing gameplay to just sit back and chill out."
,Recommended,413150,27300901,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Veshpa<,"Just throwing my general thought onto the mountain of overwhelmingly positive reviews there are.This game has immeasurable amounts of time and love put into it, I can't possibly recommend it more for those who love farming simulators akin to harvest moon and rune factory."
76561198166756809,Recommended,413150,33145626,Posted: 2 July,all,Hardcore_Crozby™,"This game is constant reminder of Harvestmoon but 1000x Better besides not being 3d, but actually the 2D is great too. I bought this game first for xbox just to do everything and get all the acheivements, it was such a good game i decidied to buy for pc too. The creator of the game also has a cool story check it out online. !!!"
76561198006935966,Recommended,413150,33210604,Posted: 3 July,all,G Willikers,I cannot speak highly enough about the heart and soul of this game
76561198129179856,Recommended,413150,26769096,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr.Deadman,This game is beautiful.
,Recommended,413150,27012333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joy,"Very fun game, takes the Harvest Moon idea and rolls with it. I'm 130+ hours in and still discovering new things and tricks to this game! Recommended if you enjoy casual, go at your own pace, types of games."
,Recommended,413150,27018281,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BadNews,This game is such good practice to multi-task inside a time-based working fashion. It gave me an insight to plan ahead for each day to get most out of crops or foraging. I recommend it!
,Recommended,413150,27024132,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,melonbird,"-Launch game, It's 8:00am-Now it's 2:30 in the morning"
76561198042306265,Recommended,413150,27029623,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Däyum,toppest keke in gaem
,Recommended,413150,27030364,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Miss Bunny,"A great way to relax.  A good mix of farming, and fighting while courting the one you love.  Woo your intended and gain their affection with gifts and attention.  (kinda like real life)  If you liked the Harvest Moon games, you will like Stardew valley too."
,Recommended,413150,27040701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,theBidoof,"I have been enjoying Stardew Valley immensly. I really liked Harvest Moon 64 back on the N64, but I always wished I could do other things and had more mechanics, etc; especially even when I would play it as time went on. Stardew Valley definitely is a lot more expansive in things to do and with how to shape your farm life. Though it still retains the tradition of you having to clear out your farm of various stones and growth; as well as the leveling of tools to do so. Only small downside to this game is that time ticks away continuously (only pausing for cutscenes, chatting with towns people, or in menu/inventory) and does not pause when in buildings like HM64 did. Other then that still highly enjoyable if you like farming and crafting.You are not locked in to soley growing crops or caring for animals as a way to make money. You can go mining, fishing, or forage up things to sell. The developer also in recent updates also made several different farm maps to reflect this aspect. Also, the developer has plans to add even more things to the game as well as a co-op/multiplayer setup. I haven't delved much into the Stardew online community but there are mods for the game ranging from aesthetics to mechanic changing. Though hopefully one day they are able to load them up on steam.OH - and the fishing mechanic was a bit of a learning curve for me the first few times, but I have to say after I got used to it and figured it out (idk why it didn't click sooner), I have come to enjoy the fishing in this game too.I use the wiki and a planner for farm layout(https://stardew.info/planner/)a good bit to be honest though. I like to plan out where I want my buildings and plants so i can quickly and efficiently get to everything, as well as get the biggest bang for my buck in crops. I also mostly refer to the wiki for looking up character gift items. Hightly recomment playing with the farm planner though."
76561198092590700,Recommended,413150,26878041,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ LexX,2 years on the farm. keeps wearing same clothes every day. 10/10 would stalk abigail again ♥
76561198035478409,Recommended,413150,26946859,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frogg-Saron,Fantastic spirtual successor to the Harvest moon series.Adds lots of depth and new skills to explore from a much beloved franchise.10/10
,Recommended,413150,26954631,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NintendoMicrosoftapplebananaford,This is the Harvest Moon that should have been.
,Recommended,413150,26432434,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Potato Donut,Stardew Valley is one of the best RPGs ive ever played. It brings me back to my Harvest Moon 64 days. Amazing game!
76561198061838524,Recommended,413150,26398728,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dirtyoldbear,I've played Harvest Moon titles like 'Friends of Mineral Town' but it never really grabbed me.This game feels a lot more grown up. The adult humour and innuendos sprinkled throughout the dialogue/quests makes it feel more mature.
76561198037857712,Recommended,413150,27707904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Captain Rekt,"The real successor to Rune Factory and Harvest Moon.The life and farming simulation enthusiast have waited years for a game like this on PC. With a very intuitive and innovant gameplay, a lot of content ( farming, living, buildings, quest, etc... ). You'll never grow tired of the environnement and as the years pass by you will get new challenges every season.Multiplayer is in preparation, that's the icing on the cake."
76561197964593600,Recommended,413150,27713510,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sundown,Just. 5. more. minutes...
76561198108312067,Recommended,413150,27715277,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,skullfire130-SOL,funn and time consoming
,Recommended,413150,30231982,Posted: 27 February,all,Enders souls,"Love the game so so so so much it's fun as hell but I want to ask for something if devs read theseI'd like to ask that the children grow up more then into like farm hands like have a chance to have cut dive trees down on the farm or cleared out some stones and puts the wood,sap,tree seeds,stone in a chest you can only take from"
76561198051523621,Recommended,413150,30238068,Posted: 28 February,all,twilightsuspension,It is impossible to stop playing this game :D
,Recommended,413150,22541079,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,George,Fun Game Thats all folks
,Recommended,413150,22544510,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ᗩᗰᗷᗴᖇ,10/10 Would get high again
,Recommended,413150,22656040,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Hêlløïmtøxïç,It's like if you took a retard out for the day to a nice brunch and while eating he falls out of his chair into the street and gets run over by a car fixing his brain issues and making him a functioning member of society. The feeling he has inside of him is like playing this game. P.S. Han Solo gets killed by Kylo Ren
76561198009848450,Recommended,413150,22887526,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Agatank,"If you start a day hating everyone. Just play this, you will feel better."
,Recommended,413150,22767441,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Arahoushi,"Jesus Christ, just like that, my life is gone.  This thing eats time like a fat kid eats a Twinkie: a blink of the eye, and absolutely 0 regrets."
,Recommended,413150,22740295,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Eden.Hulkies#Griz=VERYstrong,"10/10Farming is Life!most fun i've had in a long time, game is really well made."
76561198163340780,Recommended,413150,22614362,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,AlienBear,Everything FarmSimulater should be... 911/10 would recommend!
76561198005066812,Recommended,413150,22618320,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,t.im,"Why did you make this game, its ruining my life."
,Recommended,413150,22477330,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,LilRoseNinja,"great rpg with quirky cuteness, highly addictive you won't realise you have wasted a whole day playing"
,Recommended,413150,22481170,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dreypa,"10/10 ""One more day"" addiction is killing meThank you so much concerned ape for the nostaligia bomb from my childhood.Easily best indie game of the year.If your thinking about buying but are on the rope just do it."
,Recommended,413150,22453848,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,✪ MaskedMidas ッ,Super fun game. Really relaxing after a bad cs:go or dota 2 match.
,Recommended,413150,22564825,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,margrave16,Buy this game and say goodbye to your life. In the best possible way though.
,Recommended,413150,22382259,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Nuck Chorris,Its the best Game for people which like RPG's in Pixel Art it makes so mutch fun :) I only can recommend this Game !!!(Sorry for my bad english im German :D)
,Recommended,413150,22388928,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mr.,"""The taste is strange, it reminds you of cocaine""11/10 would be reminded of cocaine again."
76561198086556733,Recommended,413150,22345797,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,BlastKast,-Catches a rockfish-Wonders what it would taste like10/10 would eat a rockfish again
76561198025129327,Recommended,413150,22346346,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,-Tip'm Fedora,So far I've spend more time in Pelican town than in the real world.10/10 would always take the blue pill.
76561198134679578,Recommended,413150,22348021,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,DexterSheep,My waifu will beat up your waifu :/
,Recommended,413150,22772024,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sage Darius,Spent almost 60 hours farming digital crops during finals week instead of actually studying. No regrets.
76561198092886759,Recommended,413150,22778541,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Meadow,"This is AMAZING!The music is beautiful and I never tire of it.The story is cute and getting to know all of the unique characters was a great joy.I loved exploring all the different places and just when I thought I knew of all the areas, I discovered more!I highly recommend this game to anyone, especially if you are a fan of the Rune Factory and/or Harvest Moon series.There is so much content to explore!The fishing system is a little tough but the dev has stated they won't change it.Also, YOU CAN BE GAY! HELL YEAH!"
76561197962125207,Recommended,413150,22773295,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ddblue,"While I didn't hate Harvest Moon, it did not hold my interest and I STILL love this game. To me, it feels like I'm an NPC farmer in Final Fantasy 6 on the SNES. Charming game, cute characters, happy atmosphere - with elements of Minecraft / Terreria. Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,413150,22779749,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tamerlane,"Lighthearted fun in the spirit of Harvest Moon.Lots of things to do and explore. The subtlety and mystery adds to the mood of the game. Decent characters, varied crafting, relaxing/nostalgic old school bit-era music and overall a charming game.Just one tip though, some people might not like the character walking ever so slow but mods for the game are plentiful."
76561198064502744,Recommended,413150,32921605,Posted: 28 June,all,Seoseraph,"Stardew Valley... What a fantastic game. This review probably isn't adding much to what has already been said. Oh well. Without further ado, let’s begin the review...Pros:Soundtrack -> I dislike music to a certain extent. The soundtrack in this game however, is so soothing and rural. It relaxes me, allows me to play the game more. Above all, it completes the game in my opinion. There's probably a reason so many people have bought the soundtrack...Diversity -> Who says you should farm in a farming game. Stardew Valley certainly doesn't. You want to make money? Why not fish, mine, sell random♥♥♥♥♥♥you found on your way to the shop. You can make money from allot of different ways, obviously farming is the superior choice.Farming -> There's something about the human species that makes you like farming (including farming games). From a first glance farming can seem boring. However, in most farming games (stardew included) you just can't stop. Each harvest leads you onto the next, you want to expand, automate, expand again. Before you know it, you've got your money out of the game and you’ve played for 100+ hours.Modding -> Modding isn't HUGE yet. But it's great how it is now. Hundreds of mods to choose from already, some good, some bad, some are going a bit too far (Haley). I can't wait to see how mods continue to develop in the coming months. years.Sense of community -> Similar to the harvest moon games, you can really get a sense of the community around you. Yes, some lines from townsfolk repeats every so often, but the amount of dialogue is pretty large. Each character has a personality. Each character has morals. Each character interlinks with each other. It is truly beautiful to interact with them. Everyone has birthdays, there are community events, you can gift people things, you can get married; it's just amazing.Art style -> How can you not like the art style here? The sprites are ok, but the surroundings are beautiful. It brings the whole game together. Animations are smooth, the atmosphere feels fresh and full of life. The terrain changes due to seasons, providing a more in-depth ecosystem. Again, mods are always here to enhance your experience. Re-textures of people, buildings and animals can be found. These little things enhance the game even further, it would be very different if another art style was chosen.Cons:Late game -> When you get past all the 'story' everything begins to slow down. There isn't as much to do. crops get too big and bothersome to plant and harvest. Automation doesn't help as much. You run out of things to do. The days begin to fly past (I've just slept for an entire month without doing anything). Obviously, this is hard to avoid in a game with progress. I just feel like there is still time to improve upon it. There's always mods...Still no co-op -> I know it's coming, I can't wait for co-op though. I want to experience the game again in a fresh and exciting way. This game would truly be amazing with co-op. It's said to come soon. Until then, I'll continue talking to fictional, virtual characters on my own.Bugs and stuffs -> Unavoidable, obviously. some are being fixed (wallpaper gifts), some haven't. This is very picky, but I'm struggling to think of cons for the game at this point.Conclusion:So, that's my review of stardew valley. Lots of pros, few noteworthy cons. You can see why people think so highly of this game. It’s just so good.It's almost a masterpiece; just missing a few things here and there. Overall, anyone who is looking for a nice relaxing game, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,413150,24119009,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Caseman27,"I LOVE STARDEW VALLEY!!!!!!!!!!!!Alright, let me tell you about my second favorite steam game, Stardew Valley.Stardew Valley is a Farming sim/Dating sim/Dungeon Crawler/Crafting/Cooking game, if that makes any sense at all. You start the game on your messed up farm in spring. It's your job to grow crops, and clean up your farm in able to be successful. You can also talk to people, go to the mine (with combat?), go fishing, visit the beach, go exploring, get married (eventually), cook, go to the desert, donate to the musuem, buy things, celebrate holidays, do quests, etc. That is a lot.I've heard that many people think that it's boing, and you can't do anything, but I personally disagree. I can play for a long time and not get bored. I'm pretty sure that if you have interest in this game, you will love it, but if your just curious, told to get it, but don't really care, or show much interest, you will probably hate this game.I bought this game on steam for the summer sale day 1, and I have over 59 hrs already after 12 days which is insane.I personally highly HIGHLY recommend it because it's one of my favorites, but it seems like you'll either love this game or hate it.I give this game 10/10 in my opinion, 7/10 if your only a bit interested, or 2/10 if none of this seems interesting, or it isn't fun.BUY THIS GAME PLZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198019338462,Recommended,413150,24331452,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Poyzo,"I used to play Harvest Moon for the Super Nintendo back in the 90's. I always wanted to recapture the same nostalgia and magic I had way back then. I tried the newer Harvest Moons for the PS1+, but those didn't have the same feel. Then, Stardew Valley came along. Let me tell you the magic has returned!While I have fond memories of Harvest Moon for the SNES, it can't hold a candle compared to Stardew Valley. There is tons more to do in this game compared to Harvest Moon: better events, hidden events, exotic locations, more animals, more town folk, ect... There is just more. Not just quantity, either, but quality! I like to call it Harvest Moon on crack. Stardew Valley is the next level when it comes to farming games. I love it!My only grip is the town folk. A lot of them are insufferable with no redeeming qualities. Other than that, perfection."
,Recommended,413150,33333354,Posted: 6 July,all,it's h4gg4rd,"This game is great. It takes me back to the Harvest Moon 64 days. Pretty much the same gist except modernized and highly updated. The game itself is incredible, from the pixel art the whole way down to the storylines. There is only one creator of this game and that is Concerned Ape, he is very active and cares very much about his work and craft. I completely 100% recommend this game for anyone who has played Harvest Moon and is looking for a modern update to it. Ape did an amazing job from the beginning and it's just only getting better!"
76561198085652046,Recommended,413150,21635441,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Raptoros,"After seeing this on twitch, and reading steam reviews I gave this a shot. Never played a game like this so I didn't know if I would like it or not.    Man is this game fun. It's incredibly well made, and relaxing to play. Just so much to do, and building your farm takes time, but you can mine, fish talk to the townsfolk. That's just barely scratching the surface. Only played about 10 hours , and I havent experienced even a fraction of what this has to offer."
,Recommended,413150,22230116,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Murgnum P.I.,I couldn't figure out how to get chickens and ended up completing theCommunity Center and kicking Joja outbefore I got my first chicken.
,Recommended,413150,29992385,Posted: 17 February,all,76561198125334252,"Brings back childhood memories from Harvest Moon. A better version and modern one. Highly addictive hehe. Bang for the buck, lot's of content. If you wanna chill out from all those cancerous games, this is the game for you :)"
,Recommended,413150,33335489,Posted: 7 July,all,The Zoidburgalar,"Bought this game for 9$ on a sale and after 30 hours I can safely say it was worth every penny. I found myself playing the game for hours on end, thinking 'just one more day, then ill get off.' The gameplay is grindy but rewarding and the soundtrack fits the atmosphere perfectly. Once you start playing its hard to stop."
,Recommended,413150,26935703,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sharke Daddy,"Just a nice little game and peaceful enough to make you forget about your real life for a moment. Great history, alot of elements to make your experience not tedius and LOVELY characters. Very good and cute game. AWARD PLS."
,Recommended,413150,21885168,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Fat guy in a dress,"-Be me, Blond bimbo in flower festivle-Practicing new dance moves-New Person who moved into town shows up-Asks The Red head chick to dance, gets rejected-Watch him ask everyone else and gets rejected-walks up to me-""Hey want to dance?"" he said-i reply ""Eww no,""-watchs him slowely move into the corner while we all dance-next day see him serch through my trash-he pulls out my used toilet paper-proceeds to give it to me as a gift-I hate it but i still take it-for the whole season he serches my trash and gives me what he finds-Call police, relise there is no police-Gets distracted by other festivle-Gives me gift i love-""omg i love this!""-im now friends with him-im such a dumb bimbo10/10 would forgive new creepy stranger andwould bimbo again"
,Recommended,413150,30917169,Posted: 2 April,all,bopadeefunk,Thought it was a stupid farm game. Broke the surface and found something else. :)
76561198119654509,Recommended,413150,26936842,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SadAngel,THIS GAME IS AWESOME WAS MADE BY ONE GUY JUST ONE PERSON DID THIS AMAZING GAMEBUY ITPS:THIS BETTER WIN A AWARD
,Recommended,413150,33340003,Posted: 7 July,all,Weeaboosted,I was on the fence about making this purchase. How fun could a farming game be?Answer: Wow is it really already 4 in the morning?
,Recommended,413150,21574445,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BloodNDeception,"Simple mechanics, & doesn't hurt my eyes, it really does take a person back to those days of Harvest Moon, but adds a little twist to it. I really think this game will be great when it gets multiplayer. Personally I find this to be the best game I've played since 2013."
76561198279065902,Recommended,413150,22467907,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,TheAtomicMafia,Best farming game I've played since Harvest Moon. 10/10
76561198014809322,Recommended,413150,26140478,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Kitash,Much like Harvest Moon which this game gets it's inspiration this is the video game version of crack/xanax. Addicting to the point where you find yourself playing for days on end but incredibly calming at the same time!
76561198079531186,Recommended,413150,27674329,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NexusPhaseAlpha,"I will write a review, but just one more day first..."
,Recommended,413150,29250854,Posted: 14 January,all,jweissman1986,"Combining nostalgic game-feel with a sweet personality, this farming sim offers calming gameplay and charming atmosphere."
76561198053040863,Recommended,413150,29197739,Posted: 11 January,all,Sarcron,"Im not going to lie, I pirated this game when I first saw it. Played it through to completion and loved every minute of it. It did wear thin on content after 70 ish hours of gameplay (which is awesome), so I regetfully let the best game of this genre since Harvest Moon 64 sit idle for a few months. The second that I saw the update to 1.1 I purchased the game on steam. I actually felt bad after the first 70 hours that I hadn't paid this awesome dev for his great game, so much so that when I saw it would continue to be supported and keep growing in content, I wanted to buy it even if I wasnt going to do a full replay. Then I poured another 70 ish hours in again. No regrets. 10/10"
76561198189578306,Recommended,413150,28929823,Posted: 1 January,all,Bigman713,Beautiful game with a lot of depth and personality. 10/10
76561198212809965,Recommended,413150,28954663,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr.Allomosexy  (つ°ヮ°)つ,Ironicly this game got me out of depression xD
,Recommended,413150,27981678,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Master Sword,Best farming game for pc ever.
76561198084958838,Recommended,413150,28975420,Posted: 3 January,all,Peacemaker76,This game controls meHelpWhen I'm not playing this game I think about what I'm gonna do when I do play itWhen I'm not on my computer I think about playing this gameHelp me
76561198301909467,Recommended,413150,28985253,Posted: 3 January,all,Browniebite,"This was a great game which i spent countless hours on building a farm. Yes, a farm. An Awesome farm with all sorts of animals, different crops, and lots of different adventure. Getting to know the townspeople and just exploring the world was a lot of fun. Ive spent over 150 hours on this game and I have to say, if you havent played or even considered buying it, please think about it.Pros: Plently of gameplay hours, pretty cheap when it comes to games, easy mechanics, lots to explore, vast world with a variety of different people, the people are easy to relate to and seem real, Lots of customization, the player can marry anyone regardless of gender, lots of different crops and farm animals, a goal to reach in the game, and plently other great things.Cons: It sucks up your free time entirely as it is so addicting xD"
,Recommended,413150,28862836,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ghost Dog,"I had a lot of issues in my life when I bought this game. I still have the same issues, but now I have an online farm. Thanks Stardew Valley. 10/10"
76561198018750428,Recommended,413150,28830954,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,THELASTHERO,"Lets start off with the sound on this game the music on the background makes you relax, the graphics might not look great but its the gameplay that makes you ignore the graphics fact and they do the job so who cares right ? story wise i just love it, at the end its my personal opinion and i just want to say that this game is simply amazing :3"
76561198132285341,Recommended,413150,26748832,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Msrosy321,"I Love it sooo much, not hard to learn how to play, and its just so relaxing. I definitely reccomend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,413150,26848285,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chunseo,When your in-game life is better than your real life...
,Recommended,413150,26861806,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yarzori,Just one more day...Just one more day...Just one more day...Just one more... wait it's what time?? dang it I'm going to be late for work.Totally awesome game that will steal all your time if you let it.
,Recommended,413150,26882535,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JDRiot,Pretty good
,Recommended,413150,26779875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,qwertydash,Gut Gärtner Simulator
,Recommended,413150,26792152,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zombii,"Please help me. I am trapped in a farming simulator and can't get out. I just need to do one more harvest, then I can quit."
76561198124445434,Recommended,413150,27278369,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,StubenhockerDark,Multiplayer would be awesome!
76561198041884714,Recommended,413150,27371022,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sarawr,The best farming simulator I've played since More Friends of Mineral Town!
,Recommended,413150,27374103,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jujubie,"Stardew Valley is a charming game where you develop a lovely farm while building a community of relationships, fishing, and fighting monsters. I found it highly enjoyable and recommend it to everyone!"
,Recommended,413150,27374730,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Negan,"i love this game, sometimes i go through moods where i just play the game for eight hours or more straight..its just that good"
76561198041984699,Recommended,413150,33359343,Posted: 7 July,all,Silver Salvation,"If you've loved harvest moon games in the past, but the recent versions have been missing out on the back to nature magic you've been missing so much, This is the game for you. From working your fields to exploring the two dungeons that are available everything is made with amazing quality behind it. The entire cast of the village is fun to meet and befriend but the game won't force them down your throat like many of the newer harvest moon like games. The only thing left to be desired is the pixle art for characters isn't anything to write home about, but it serves it's purpose and won't distract you from playing."
76561198029481917,Recommended,413150,33327722,Posted: 6 July,all,The mistress,"This is a perfect one player farming and dungeon mining game. I have sunk many hours playing this, going day to day in the game while I watch movies, sports, youtube. Absolutely worth 16 or the 10 (sale price). Casual endless farming."
76561197972761382,Recommended,413150,21693328,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Hans Gretel,"Remember your favourite Harvest Moon? Well, this game is even better"
,Recommended,413150,21696584,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Strathetes,So good that I didn't wait for a Steam Sale.
,Recommended,413150,21720526,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Emperor Clutch,"Hoooooly crap this game is amazing! It's like the original Harvest Moon with better graphics, and more things to do! You want to be a fisher? Bam it's there. Miner? Done. Fight monsters? They're all over the mines! And it is so much fun getting to know the NPCs, especially ones like Leah and Abigal and even Linus. This game is just fantastic. It can get a little tedius at times, but only if you do the same thing every day. Mix it up, go fishing one day and mining the next, and with the Community Center quests you have a constant goal in mind. Make some friends, save the world, it's like your typical adventure, only with new and fun farming elements! Overall Score: 101/10"
76561198047804015,Recommended,413150,21720545,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SuperTurtleLord,10/10 would grow again.
,Recommended,413150,23773865,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Joe,"Great game, if your a fan of old RPG games and Harvest moon, you'll love this. Also supports game controller too!Fun game to relax and play.Art work is very nice, reminds me of RPG maker XP tho.Music is relaxing."
,Recommended,413150,23775137,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Matsui,"Fantastic casual game! Nice music, great playing and exploring experience, a lot of choices and surprise... 10/10! Definitely worth trying, strongly recommend!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<After 30 hours gameplay...>The game is fun as beginning because you always have a lot of things to do and discover. BUT, the unexpected game crashes are really annoying. HOWEVER, the solution is found! Be sure that you start the game with English(US) keyboard and never change it during the game, and everything should be fine."
76561198141344539,Recommended,413150,24005703,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fredwolfa,i have made another character just for the new update coming out. ps try a xbox 360 controller a few bugs but worth it in my opinion
,Recommended,413150,24005938,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Teep,OMG SO FUN just a bit hard tho
,Recommended,413150,24006034,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,It'sYaBoiDJDJ,"This is a game that can't be put into much words in my opinion. If you are in the mood for a relaxing farming game with little combat and exploring then this game is surely recommended. It has relaxing music and addicting gameplay sucks you in. This is also one of those games that, if you stop playing for a little while, then go back to it, then you are sucked in again and start playing it all time. So it just all depends on if you like games like this. Overall I highly recommend it and I rate it 9/10."
,Recommended,413150,24006047,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Big_Man_Dan75,"Quite addicting. I bought it one day and blew 4 hours farming nothing but potatoes. But I was farming strawberries and a crow at my strawberries10/10 would farm potatoes and lose crops to crowsReal Review: I wrote the review above when I had 4 hours in game. I now have 60+ hours in game and still havent done everything there is. So here are my pros and cons for the game, enjoy!Pros:-Loads of Gameplay-Basic and easy to understand controls-Events that add character to the game's town-An amazing cast of characters-AddictingCons:-Some days are really boring-Winter you are unable to plant crops.(At least add some special crops that grow in Winter)-Dialogue can be repetative at times-There are several moments where the music cuts out and it is just silentSo overall the game is extremely fun and addicting but it does have some issues but the game still has several updates to come so nothing is set in stone. I really love this game and I hope you will too!"
,Recommended,413150,24006397,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,stahlnacht,"Very Harvest Moon, or what I remember of that beloved game.I'm thoroughly enjoying my experience with this game...to the point that I had to force myself to leave it be so that I can meet my project deadline. Hahaha!"
76561198079957912,Recommended,413150,27262363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,goddarkbram,the best RPG ever
,Recommended,413150,29731393,Posted: 5 February,all,Otoshigami-sama,Better version of harvest moon back to nature. so nostalgic.
76561197965047635,Recommended,413150,30691220,Posted: 23 March,all,Twitch,"This game is Harvest Moon on crack. There is no better way to explain it.There is so much to do and everything that you do, is rewarding. Farming, fighting, fishing, and exploring. There are countless things to unlock.The game is worth every minute of your time. The replay value is insane.Try it and love it."
,Recommended,413150,22118355,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,TwoBit,Day 1:My Grandfather left me this old farm house in the middle of nowhere. The town nearby doesn't seem to have any cops.Time to cook meth.10/10 would Heisenberg again.
,Recommended,413150,22119235,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,armageddon_junk,This is a great game! I love the concept of marriage becoming interchangable with slavery!
,Recommended,413150,22119444,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,AsianMan,It's like Harvest Moon...but for the glorious PC!
,Recommended,413150,22121623,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Patryk Patryk,Second year passed and I still don't know who to marry with :(.
,Recommended,413150,22906758,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,sailorsugarplum,"I love this game so much. It reminds me of Harvest Moon, but in it's own way it's unique with so much to do. I played 40 hours within my first week of purchase and I'm still addicted. If you like cute farming games, you'll love it. I definitely reccomend this game."
76561198097970184,Recommended,413150,22650543,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Taida,♥♥♥♥ i forgot my review in my chest
76561198152360377,Recommended,413150,22684230,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,kibbles0504,"One of my favourite games,i loved being a farm child and running over people with my horse, i look like a wild west person when i ride my horse with my fedora on and when i mine i look like an explorer with the fedora on, showed my friend and my cousin this game and they both want it :D. I have a boyfriend and he has 10 hearts with me so im gonna marry him soon :D :D i have lots of hearts with his whole family but i dont like Robin for some reason so i only gave her 3 hearts :PI TOTOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR ALL!!!:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D"
,Recommended,413150,22801840,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Shroude,This game is SO FAR IN DEPTH ITS CRAZY.  The only thing I think they should change is the requirement to eat ( as of now you never have to eat unless you use up your energy for the day and do not want to go to bed early ).9.5 / 10.Now if they just made a HUGE MMORPG out of this it would be simply amazing.
,Recommended,413150,22250498,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,กร ครับบบบบ,THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD GAME YOU NEED TO TRY THIS THINGS IN THIS LIFE IT VERY CHEAP AND VERY EASY GAME.MY QUESTION : WHEN IS MULTIPLAYER RELEASE PLEASE MAKE IT I WANT TO PLAY WITH MY FAMILY OR FRIEND THIS GAME IS AWESOME I EVER PLAYED
,Recommended,413150,22291272,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,JxI,I was so ready to revise for my exams... Then I bought this game. 10/10 Would throw away my A-Levels again
,Recommended,413150,22024054,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Pixie Cobweb,"This is the kind of game that had me legitimately upset when everyone turned me down for dancing at the Flower Dance.I am a kindergarten teacher. Sometimes, when the children are being particularly homicide-inducing, I just imagine quitting, going straight home, and playing Stardew Valley.Seriously, this game is on my mind all the time.  ""Who's birthday is coming up? Do I have any gifts for them? How many days in the season are left? How many more crops can I get planted and harvest before the next season? How many more presents do I have to give these damn people before they love me? How the hell do I get enough time in the day to get to level 25 of the damn Skull mines?!?!""JUST BUY IT!"
,Recommended,413150,22031170,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Trevor Sansom,"Stardew Valley has done something that no other game has done for me for several years. I just can't seem to get away from it! As soon as I started the game I knew it was going to be something special, being a big fan of the Harvest Moon franchise. I didn't know much about this game at all prior to its release, but I'm sort of glad that I didn't.The game starts out with an incredibly in-depth character creator for a pixelated game, and once you get into the gameplay it kicks off pretty hard. Farming isn't typically something I would consider fun, but trust me when I say Stardew Valley makes it so. Even if you don't like farming though, there is SO much to do in this game besides that. There's mines to explore with monsters and treasures, tons of fish you can catch, animals you can raise, and of course people you can talk to.I have a few gripes with the game, such as the fishing system being a little...unconventional and hard to get used to, and the lack of unique dialogue for NPC's, and especially how you can only give people two gifts a week. That doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever. ""You've already given [person] 2 gifts this week, that's enough!"". Um, okay, but why?There isn't much else bad I can say about the game at all though. The art direction is gorgeous, especially in the scenery. The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful and suits the game perfectly, and doesn't loop one song all day like a number of Harvest Moon games. Many of the songs are very atmospheric and remind me a lot of the Minecraft soundtrack, actually.Farming is rather balanced when it comes to the price of seeds, time it takes for them to grow, amount of effort to care for the plants, etc. I always felt like I was making a fair profit whenever I sold my crops. Animals aren't too difficult to take care of, and it's nice to receive eggs, milk, or wool to sell for a decent profit as well. The combat in the game is very fluid and balanced, and of course gets more challenging as you progress the mines.I would highly recommend this game to anyone, fans of Harvest Moon or otherwise. That is, unless you're extraordinarily impatient. Some things in this game just require waiting, though not like there's not stuff you can do while waiting.I intentionally left a lot out of this review because trust me when I say, many things in this game are best experienced first-hand."
76561198118386227,Recommended,413150,22009127,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,pickle pee the destroyer,welcome to my meme farm
76561197983882605,Recommended,413150,22017737,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Falidell,"!!!!!!!!!!WARNING!!!!!!!!HIGHLY ADDICTIVEvery good mind numbing gameyou can't lose in the sense that there is no requirements to see the next day.there is:miningfishinggetting friendly with fellow villagersfarming of courseraising animalsgambling(late game)dungeon crawlingmoney money moneyall well implimented.now the negatives:-it's highly addictive because the only time it saves is when you go to bed to sleep and start a new day.and because a new day was started you immediatly begin doing stuff for that day it's hard to pull away.(kinda joking but half-serious)-flavor text of the npc villagers even after marriage is lack luster after a while, hardly any varietly( except cutscenes)so reading the text becomes extremely repetative. it would be a lot better if the lines each villager were extended at least 10fold especially after marriage. Even special lines that only show up depending on what the player does for examplea marriage canadate would say something about how scary or cool it is that the player reached lvl 70 in the mines.Or comment about who you've been getting close with etc. just more text. atm i just skip right over the text.i read it all already many times over. this will take a bit to add so maybe a dlc later or something- more end game content would be greatly improve the experience ( for me anyways) like say you married penny and say you have 250k in your bank and you have a good relationship with penny's mother then you could get her out of a trailer and put her in a house. or maybe pay the mayor to hire clean-up crews to clean the rivers and lakes in the area to reduce trash whilst fishing. you know stuff like that to get you really connected to the village. i do under stand that the first idea would take a bit of time to impliment and such so dlc later or something."
,Recommended,413150,22055696,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bleach,"Stardew Valley.Pro's and Con's is right after this long speach about how great the game is.A great game that proves that if you have passion and love what you do,You can create content that delivers.A one man team creating something and surprising us all with a game as polished as this is a work of wonder, especially since big game titles coming in left and right from big game companies that are crass and lacks ingenuity.This game gives us a break from reworked titles that are just cash grabs that only have marketing as a weapon.Please support the developer of this game and buy it.Respect this walking piece of art that was hand crafted by a single person and spent 4 years of his life just to deliver us something of great value in the midst of this years rehash of games.OKAY now I'm gonna start with the con's first before the pro'sCon's*This game can be frustrating to players who are playing this types of game for the first time.*The game plunges you into the world with little to no explanation of the mechanics. Which for me is a good thing because I'm not a big fan of dumbing down the game to explain every thing to the player, In which case some may not prefer.*The first year is basically the tutorial part where you start learning things and may tend to feel uneventfull.*The UI and format of how the clicking and transfering of items can lead you to make mistakes quite often.Pro's*The art style feels refreshing especially when seasons change. The atmosphere give you that feeling that the season really has changed and not just the weather effects.*The sound track really compliments the over all aesthetic of the game.*There are tons of things to do that makes you forget the things you have to do in real life.Over all this game is fun and has a reasonable price that I would recommend even with it's short comings.Remember this game was made by a single person. And still continues to work and expand on the game. FOR FREE.Hell I'd even pay for dlc's if this game releases some.20/10 would forget to do my finals again."
76561198012654968,Recommended,413150,22067308,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,STRANTH?!,Ask everyone to dance. Nobody wants to dance. They all dance with each other. You are utterly and significantly alone. Hurts as much as it does when it happens in real life! 10/10
76561198064293295,Recommended,413150,22042608,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Wind,Esse jogo maravilhoso. *-----*
,Recommended,413150,22825747,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ciggaretté,If you love harvest moon genre just buy this game.
,Recommended,413150,23547330,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,eric,"This is my life now. Me, my husband, a cat, and the chickens. Perfect.Experience life like you've never been before.10/10 I would woo Elliot again."
76561198008257968,Recommended,413150,24023426,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rahtahn,"As someone who grew up playing Harvest Moon, this game gives me all the right nostalgia vibes. Yet, at the same time it is a natural evolution of Harvest Moon in that it adds combat and way more ways to interact with the world. Every time I start playing this game it is very hard to put it down. This game is so good that my wife will ask me to play the game so she can watch. Any game that makes my wife push me to play video games is a good game!Highly recommend. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,413150,33380029,Posted: 8 July,all,Sockgolem,"This is my favorite game on steam. I saw this game on twitch and thought ""meh, it might be fun"" nearly 200 hours of gameplay later I think that this is one of the most worthwhile purchases I've ever made.Pros- great atmosphere, characters, gameplay, replayability, and just about everything elsecons- I honestly can't think of anything"
76561198378627433,Recommended,413150,33350808,Posted: 7 July,all,Not Your Manic Pixie Dream Girl,"Incredibly relaxing, super fun and addicting, amazing soundtrack and gameplay. Love everything about this game!"
,Recommended,413150,33355109,Posted: 7 July,all,LavadevilKg3,Stardew Valley is a really good game that I think everyone should play!
76561198215792644,Recommended,413150,33331661,Posted: 6 July,all,CabotFan42,"I've played this game for 13 hours total but I always come of it wondering how I played so long becuase it seems like only minutes have passed. I've been searching for a Harvest Moon like game for the PC since I can remember. And this is one is the only that I can see that fits the bill.It's a great farming/life sim. You have everything from getting into a realtionship with the person of your choice to getting the chance to mine and upgrade your tools so that your farm will look super cool and be clear of logs, trees, and boulders. The variety of things to do day to day as well is so cool, from fishing (which is one of the few things that does bother me in this game) to mining to foraging, to finding every villager to talk to them is great.Now not so great is the fishing mini game. It's hard, nearly impossible for me. Now I play a ton of games. And I've play 13 hours of this. I've caught 1 fish. Not for lack of playing the game, it's just ridiculously hard to keep the small curser where it needs to be and sometimes, even when my curser is over the correct place I can't catch even the basic fish."
76561198007185938,Recommended,413150,29731660,Posted: 5 February,all,Kullervo,"What a great game. I picked this up, and i can tell you this in not my kind of game. But all the positive vibe, and a good sale made me acquire the game. Its easy, fast to get into to, but at the same time takes some time to master. 30h later its a load of fun. worth a buy."
,Recommended,413150,33385995,Posted: 8 July,all,Dsingis,"If you, like me, grew up playing Harvest Moon, you are going to love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game.It is absolutely perfect, it captures everything Harvest Moon has, refines it, and turnes it into a PC game.A 100% recommendation from my side."
,Recommended,413150,21575364,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Zealous,"Words can't do this game justice! A fully functional game at release, with few bugs, and a TON of content! The devloper has been quick to patch all bugs and make quality of life adjustments, on the communities request.  The game starts a little slow and learning what to do, where to go, etc. takes some time but once you're acquianted with the towns people and your farm, you have numerous options.It's a delighful chore, deciding how to spend your precious time, because there is hardly enough in a week to meet all of your goals. The best part is that you can do it all at your own pace, there is no hurry to complete anything."
,Recommended,413150,21651618,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jessii,"If you're a massive fan of the Harvest Moon games, you'll fall in love with Stardew Valley!It has Farming, Custom character design, Crafting, Cut scenes, Combat, Mining, Fishing, Leveling up, Designing your house with furniture, Marriage, Babies, Unlocking new things, Events and Cooking!I've always felt the new Harvest Moon games never got it 100% right (Closest being FoM) but the creator of Stardew Valley has managed to do it perfectly, I'm so glad I bought this game, it is worth every penny.Only downside to this game is that it's taking all my time up as once I start playing I can't seem to stop."
,Recommended,413150,21652080,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mayhems,"This.. is a piece of beauty. You know what I was shocked about this game is the game was crafted and maintained by ONE MAN, like what the ♥♥♥♥. I'm truly shocked how's only one man can make this masterpiece under 4 years. This game also fulfills what Harvest Moon series are missing too (like same-sex marriage, crafting things, constantly updates and bug fixes, etc.)I can't describe everything here, so you should go see for yourself. and the game is ridiculously cheap for contents you'll get. so why the hell not, right?"
,Recommended,413150,21652093,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Fen'Harel,9/10 and thank you for bringing back the memories of Harvest Moon. It would be 10/10 if the multiplayer is feature.
76561198067255091,Recommended,413150,21652127,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,G.O.A.T,"bought this game 7 hours ago... my play time: 7 hoursits amazing, this game picked all positive features out of harvest moon, animal crossing and some other really cool gamesafter 7 hours i would say 10/10"
76561198120272153,Recommended,413150,21652014,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,triketra1983,"Bought the game ONLY becuase this Dev cares about both his game AND those who play, if MORE devs were like this, Piracy would end overnight!Damn Addicting! Even if this is not your typical Genre, you will love this game!Now that I have played, I can't stop Fishing!!!! ARGH I WANTS CATFISH!10/10 Would eat the Sap again!"
76561197982715370,Recommended,413150,21651949,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,clockworkrat,"It's like a donut.I keep going round in a circle. It tastes nice, but I don't feel full afterwards. If anything, this game makes me want to actually go outside and really do stuff.I don't recommend it unless you like light games. If you do then you'll like it."
76561198007427440,Recommended,413150,21651968,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,RyR,I sat down to play for a few hours on a Friday; got up to make some lunch and realized it was Monday...10/10 for ability to make time disappear
76561198035689269,Recommended,413150,33375200,Posted: 8 July,all,jasonleetate,This has fast become one of my favorite games.  I own it on Steam and the Xbox One with plans on picking it up on the Switch.  It brings back memories of playing Harvest Moon on the SNES.
76561198338148302,Recommended,413150,29267193,Posted: 15 January,all,Panch boi,i enjoyed this game because it was like playing harvest moon all over again. I really dont have any disliked things about the game.
,Recommended,413150,33357393,Posted: 7 July,all,Irina's Simulation,Better than Harvest Moon. I love the MODS and the quest you gotta do every day. Recomended 10/10
76561197998242179,Recommended,413150,33391583,Posted: 8 July,all,FreeGravy,Everything I love about the first Harvest Moon totle. This game is built is layers. You discover little bits at a time and each section is an endless rabbit hole. 5/7.
,Recommended,413150,33391877,Posted: 8 July,all,(Dee)™,Married every single possible character man and women. Reach the end of the game? Marry a person and divorce them the next morning. Repeat for endless fun 10/10
76561198008016832,Recommended,413150,33395318,Posted: 8 July,all,Judaes,I wish more games were born from such loving inspiration like stardew valley.
,Recommended,413150,24088669,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,voremaster69,I got married by feeding pizzas to a Son Goku wannabe.10/10 would recommend.
76561198303660985,Recommended,413150,33129605,Posted: 2 July,all,LuluPupp,"Its on sale, so just buy it now :)"
,Recommended,413150,23483057,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Darthritis,This game was insanely addictive. I played for 60 hours before i got bored.
,Recommended,413150,25175860,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Agent BLU,"The Nostalgia here is well over the famous power level of over 9000.   I recommend it, especially to those who are Harvest Moon enthusiasts, fans of rpg's, players of the SNES era---I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ who it is, you gotta check this game out.It's gonna be a routine kind of thing so its like one day you're planting seeds (make sure you water them!) and doing yard work, next day you're in town meeting people to pass the time while your crops grow to then sell them, rinse and repeat.   also, fight monsters in the caves and stuff, attend the annual community eventsin town, get yourself married by increasing relationship levels, things like that.   also, watch the seasons come and go, which affects what seeds can grow in what seasons and stuff.I say Winter time, unless you have the green house, only thing you can do then is go into the dungeons and kill stuff for the entire season.  try to do the community center quests such as gathering the fish or the other food items so you can unlock stuff like the bus that takes you to the desert and gain some other possible items and stuff.this game is about taking a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥ farm and turning it into something very profitable.  it wont be easy making money, but once you get the farm going, it'll all fall into place easily.It truly is a heartwarming game here.17 out of 10 points."
76561198065070375,Recommended,413150,33408471,Posted: 9 July,all,Flower_Of_Death,Adorable & addictive!  Love the graphics and how simple it is.  Very relaxing after a stressful day too.  10/10 would recommend to friends.
,Recommended,413150,33406162,Posted: 9 July,all,Narwals,"Awesome game, Fun if you are bored or just want to chill!"
76561198226672448,Recommended,413150,25256456,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,bonibonn,"Totally amazing game. Check out video and pictures of the game. If it seems nice, just purchase it you do not need to think twice"
,Recommended,413150,33405118,Posted: 9 July,all,Worzel Gummidge,"I've sunk a ton of time into this game. Its one of my most played games on steam.In short. This game, whilst being a love letter to games like Harvest Moon, surpasses those games in almost every aspect.If you at all loved the Harvest moon games as a kid...Get.This.Game.I cant recommend this enough. It may be a tough sale for those who are not used to games of this genre.But everyone should play this game. Even just to try.(also vibrant modding community - makes the game an easy sell imo.)"
76561197994021612,Recommended,413150,33403272,Posted: 9 July,all,Chricki,"This Game is completely awesome!I loved playing Harvest moon back to Nature, and stardew Valley contains a lot of Harvest Moon.But there is much more to discover in Stardew. You can do so much things and spend hours of hours without noticing that you already play for hours.The Game also looks totally beautiful and is made with love to detailsIf you liked Harvest Moon, you will love Stardew!"
,Recommended,413150,26267827,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,FluffyYo csgogem.com,Very fun cute game. If you like Terraria you will like this... You can say it's like Terraria with story and you play like you are a bird. I don't now how do describe it Xddd
76561198106916666,Recommended,413150,33433768,Posted: 10 July,all,GGO Xenon,"This game tell you to quit a job and be a farmer instead, calm and peaceful."
,Recommended,413150,33435181,Posted: 10 July,all,Spoopy Pathetic™ Englishman,"A fantastic game if you're looking for a solo experience. A mixture of beautiful pixel art, lovely music, and interesting gameplay."
76561198313711398,Recommended,413150,33367209,Posted: 8 July,all,[KOR]Mango,George is too salty 7.2/10  -IGN-
,Recommended,413150,33357248,Posted: 7 July,all,Cyberjax,"If you like the harvest moon or animal crossing style games, then buy this. It's an awesome homage and improvement to the genre."
,Recommended,413150,33356407,Posted: 7 July,all,Xaerin,I was already a massive Harvest Moon fan so this was a no brainer. It improves upon that game style in a number of ways and it's just great being able to play it on PC. I put almost 200 hours into this game and that was one playthrough. Well worth getting. Tons of farming fun!
76561198176333999,Recommended,413150,22129284,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Pawol333,"This game is just awesome,build a thriving farm,join in with the community and just have fun.This game has taken me and trust me,it is very addictive.I only just bought it and ive spent tons of time on it.Pro's:Finally feel what 60 FPS gameplay feels like.Your imagination is your limit,interact with all of the townspeople,build everything how you want.Its freedom there isnt a main storyline.Hard to get bored,everyday theres new to do.Endless possibilitiesI couldnt list everything,theres too muchCons:Just saying,This game can sometimes get quite repeptitive, so if you dont like repetitive games it might not be the full experience.I honestly cant think of anymore cons..."
,Recommended,413150,33356265,Posted: 7 July,all,Lycalys,"If you ever played Harvest Moon, I'm sure you'd love this.If you've never played Harvest Moon, give it a try. It's more fun than it sounds. There are lots of stuff to do and collect, there are lots of fun NPCs to meet.Negative: The art style is ugly."
76561198063044226,Recommended,413150,33400448,Posted: 9 July,all,Splif°,"Well, what should I say. The other comments gotta pump those numbers up. Those are rookie numbers."
,Recommended,413150,23002026,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,RisingStorm,GET GAME. NOW. Stardew Valley is an amazing game. Would recomendI suck at writing reviews
,Recommended,413150,22325684,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jes_se87,"This game is a masterpiece crafted by a unique individual. The time and passion that has been devoted to this game is unparallelled. I liked a lot of the Harvest Moon franchise, but this game adds so many new mechanics to the mix and refines the old style of play to fit the new generation. This game is a bargain at any price."
,Recommended,413150,33412759,Posted: 9 July,all,Debobin,tfw you pass out at 2 AM playing stardew valley
,Recommended,413150,26795953,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Agent,"The Paragon of Video Gaming- This is it. It doesn't get better than a story about a man who acquires his family farm and leads it to glory.... Just buy the game. It isn't stupid or silly. It is the Light in the Sky. It is Love. It is Shrek... It is all and one with the eternal... Join the community of Stardew Valley and you will know joy, happiness, pain, suffering, love, hatred, and all else."
76561198059773115,Recommended,413150,33414063,Posted: 9 July,all,RyouRyou,"Stardew Valley is a great homage to the older Harvest Moon games.As far as who I would recommend it to:+Casual players who are new to farming sims+Players who enjoyed older HM games but are older now and want to enjoy a game that is more forgiving and casual, with characters that behave in less childish/cartoonish ways.+Players who want more elements of combat in a HM game but do not want the full RPG experience of Rune Factory games.Stardew Valley does not have the same depth of mechanics for farming as the better HM games, but this makes it more forgiving. Animals don't die or get sick if you forget to feed them, so you can play without that level of stress and responsibility. No more panicking because you forgot the feed store was closed on Tuesdays. The characters are a lot more diverse,Building relationships with townspeople is easier and simplified. No more gifting every day, each character can only accept two gifts per week. What's more, the rate of decay for relationship status is extremely slow compared to most games in the genre so you are at almost no risk if you forget to talk to someone for even several weeks.That isn't to say the game is devoid of difficulty though. It's just, not where you'd expect it. The game features an unlockable ""endless dungeon"" in the late game with very challenging combat and dungeon crawl elements. This is probably one of the most developed aspects of the game. The fishing minigame also offers great challenge when trying to fish up rarer catches.Overall, I wouldn't say it has replaced Harvest Moon (which is now being published as Story of Seasons) but it is a great addition to the farm sim genre."
76561197994942188,Recommended,413150,33390269,Posted: 8 July,all,Executioner,"Very good game, just pass few hours in game and u'll addict to farmin deeply and can't stop play :). Don't forget to visit wiki page for the game, its really helpful."
,Recommended,413150,33419372,Posted: 9 July,all,Argyn,"Close enough to Harvest Moon to recognize it, but with a much better gameplay and storyline that'll keep you busy for a long, long time.This is a game that you can quickly lose track of time; you're likely to find yourself at 2 am saying, ""just one more day won't hurt..."""
,Recommended,413150,33420481,Posted: 9 July,all,MNWT,Have lots of spare time? Buy this game and that problem is solved.
76561198014492538,Recommended,413150,28351796,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,S.S. Steebterprise,"Bought this game while it was on sale, figured I would like a Harvest Moon that wasn't Harvest Moon.I now have a bootlegging operation in my living room and if the mayor or anyone else comes here and thinks they can stop me, they're going to catch an explosive pellet between the eyes.10/10, I am the one who knocks"
76561198043099872,Recommended,413150,33398663,Posted: 9 July,all,LivingDeadGirl13,"i really like this game! it's a nice sit-back-and-enjoy game, with beautiful seasons and fitting music. i've spendt hours on this game, more then i thought i would and i'm still not finished with everything! and the throphies are easy to get if you put enough time into it, even though it takes time, it's worth it.again, i love this game"
76561198038724964,Recommended,413150,33394709,Posted: 8 July,all,brent.edmondson,I typically don't play these types of games however this game has turned me onto the genre. I picked this up at the steam sale due to a reddit thread ranking the games on sale adn I have no regrets. Def worth full price and worth playing. Get off the fence and get this game already!
,Recommended,413150,33401300,Posted: 9 July,all,wetlawn,"I'm in love with this game. It blows my mind that this game was created by 1 person. Just 1! He programmed, wrote the music, and developed the artwork. This is a spiritual successor to Harvest Moon. It builds upon many of those mechanics and ideas, creating a familiar yet unique experience. I'm actually not too far into it so I'll have to update my review down the road. But I'm very impressed so far."
76561198156312972,Recommended,413150,22901195,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,danielskorka1990,"My first Steam review, but I had to say somethingI absolutely adore it and can't wait for more updates.  I'm in year five(100 real life hours), and it occupies my mind way too much than it should!  But that just shows how this wonderful game captures you.The modding scene has some gems in there as well.The idea for multiplayer in the future has me so pumped.And all done by one guy?  He gives me hope for my own project."
,Recommended,413150,33405732,Posted: 9 July,all,ravyy,Harvest Moon without an emulator
,Recommended,413150,33399363,Posted: 9 July,all,imabeautifly,"I spent hours and hours on this game just having fun, not realizing how much time I was spending. You can easily watch YouTube videos on this game to determine if you want to play it or not, and I still haven't accomplished everything that this game has to offer. There are several skills to max out (which I have done) such as fishing, mining, combat, farming, and foraging. There are so many different things to do you can almost get lost trying to plan out each day. I never got to a point that I felt was grindy, though money is occasionally tight, there are always items you can collect to earn some back. It's also available on various consoles, and I am absolutely going to buy it a second time to have it on the Nintendo Switch once it comes out. If you like Harvest Moon, you should love this game. It's heavily inspired by that franchise and is even more customizable than any Harvest Moon game I've played. It's got a lot of cuteness to it, and many characters see development through cutscenes as you get to know them. All in all: one of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,413150,31231434,Posted: 18 April,all,Aureus,"I've spent about 90 hours in this game (out of Steam) and I was absolutely delighted. It helped me get through a very stresfull time of physical illness and to appreciate a game meant to provide a slow-paced, chilling experience. Not only it is addictive, well-written and has beautiful graphics, but also received a couple of great patches, fixes and additional content. For me it's one of the best games of 2016."
,Recommended,413150,23605014,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nassu,"One of my all time favorite games. You get to marry people, grow crops, fight slime monsters, and more. It's worth it for 15 bucks!"
,Recommended,413150,21677837,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Tidus,"A wonderful spiritual successor to Harvest Moon. Stardew Valley is a simple yet well crafted game. It has a lot of fun elements integrated into it such as collecting items, trophies, artifacts, mining for materials, monster slaying, farming crops, crafting items, questing and so much more. If Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon had a baby, Stardew Valley would be the result. 10/10"
76561198009076976,Recommended,413150,33402001,Posted: 9 July,all,Ducky,"I can't recommend this game enough. The dev has characters with their own stories that are diverse and varied backgrounds. The range of character include people who are happy go lucky, suffering from depression/ drinking and working a dead end job, a girl that lives ina trailer with her mother who she looks after/ cleans up after but the mother spends most of her time at the tavern after she lost her job. Unrequited love and secret love, working with OR against a giant business corporation. a homeless man who is very kind once he warms up to you, a loner who lives on the beach but waxes peotry :D. You really meet lots of different people who a lot of the gamers playing can relate to in some way.With some of these people you can help fix problems in their life and improve their circumstances. You can choose to not talk to many people and go to 2 locations of caves- one opened later in the game. You can go fishing or foraging - seasons are a thing!You can stay on your farm all day with animals / crop or do acheivements both in game and steam.I love this game as one I can sit down with and prgress at my own pace- it makes me feel very calm and I don't get frustrated like I do with other games when I can't progress because im either not good/fast enough.Pick it up and play it. You will soon understand why everyone who plays this game loves to play it in their downtime."
,Recommended,413150,27315184,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cl0udy,"This game is great, it is a game where you can sit back and just enjoy it and not worry about trying really hard to beat it."
,Recommended,413150,27568261,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zaaz,Harvest Moon for PC.
76561198005510685,Recommended,413150,27585694,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,elusive_eruresto,"I'm only posting a review for the badge progress, but this is a fun game to play."
,Recommended,413150,27377048,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,=DBD= Mythranel,"This game is always fun and relaxing. I find myself always saying, ""Just a few more minutes."" You can create your own story and I often find myself becoming very invested in the gameplay and its characters."
76561198109414640,Recommended,413150,31154355,Posted: 15 April,all,garrusfangirl,If you loved HArvest Moon from years ago YOU WILL LOVE THIS! this game has incredible game play and has the feel a harvest moon butit also had battles and  a  little more adventure to it.
,Recommended,413150,27707952,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kurumi,"Harvest Moon on PC, even better."
,Recommended,413150,27719701,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CAS,"Yes, this game is as addictive as you've heard. I like how you aren't force to do anything you don't want to do untill you feel ready. I didn't really like the fishing right away so I stuck to farming and mining for a bit. Eventually when I felt like trying the fishing and grew to like it as much. I really recommend trying it out."
76561197996070373,Recommended,413150,27907630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Belphegor,Like harvest moon
,Recommended,413150,27818586,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Это ГГ,Its just a really chill non rage inducing game 10/10 harvest moon remastered
,Recommended,413150,28016500,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,robojenn,"I wasn't sure if I was going to get into this game, yet here I am after logging almost 300 hours...This game is relaxing but fun. At first, the in game days seem to go by quickly, but you get equipment and other upgrades which allow you to travel faster and complete more tasks in a game as you play.The game is flexible, and allows you to progress in game via a variety of activites.Fishing takes a while to get used to, and seems impossible at first. Once you level up, it gets somewhat easier."
,Recommended,413150,28019312,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SunlightWarri0r,"There's not really much to say......its amazing.Great art, great soundtrack, and great gameplay.A little tedious at points, but nice you get going, iis amazing.Trust  me,  buy the game youwont regret it"
76561198026882677,Recommended,413150,28019932,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dirna,A throwback to my Harvest Moon days!
76561197978065112,Recommended,413150,28021478,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bingers247,"I can get lost for hours in this game.  It isn't the best graphics, but that doesn't matter.  You will get sucked in. There is so much to do, quests, fishing, cooking, farming, foraging, and more.  I would recommend this game for sure."
76561198027781427,Recommended,413150,27965896,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Epic_McAce,"This is without a doubt the most addictive game I have ever played. I would not recommend this game for people with responsibilities, such as parents of small children.Stardew Valley is simultaneously relaxing and rewarding, with a constant reel of upgrades and progress that hits the sweet spot of ""just one more day."" Normally I think of addictive games as stressful, like MOBAs or XCOM, but after a few losses you feel♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥enough to quit and go to bed, or you win so much that you want to end on a high note. Not so with Stardew Valley. It is so soothing I feel like I could play it forever, and if not for external factors, I would have skipped several meals for this game.Send help"
76561198032622768,Recommended,413150,27974256,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sour cheese,This game is what Harvest moon wishes it could be.
,Recommended,413150,28883925,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Triggerable,I've had the game for just over a week and already have 40+ hours and I don't plan on slowing down any time soon11/10
76561198040357214,Recommended,413150,21543652,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,colocowgirl35,"Awesome game!  If you are a fan of the Harvest Moon games this is a game for you.  If you have never played Harvest Moon but have looked at them and they look fun this is a game for you.  If you enjoy laid back relaxed game play where you raise animals, take care of crops, socialize with townfolks, fish, foraging, mine and many other things then this is a game for you.10/10"
76561198212288785,Recommended,413150,26449899,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,EternalArtCulture,"Stardew ValleyIt's a Harvest Moon game with more features. You can now fight monsters, play video games, customize your farm, and talk to in game characters that actually act like real people (more so than harvest moon anyways). Mining and fishing in this game is also more interesting and useful. More gameplay updates are inevitable for this game and multiplayer will be released for the game at some point (Hopefully soon).This game is definitely not for everyone. It can be a bit slow and if one did not like the Harvest Moon games, then pass on this one. It's also a relaxing game, if you like that than give this a try.The only downside to this game is that there isn't much of a late game. I find that around year four/five, you run out of things to do, except save gold for some expensive items. Hopefully that will change with updates or mods.Two mods that I like are ""No more Bowlegs"" by Chrysanthe and ""Dark red haired Leah"" by Satadoros."
76561198079341221,Recommended,413150,22038288,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Melwyn Ravenbreeze,"A game heavily inspired by Harvest Moon, that will most probably hit your addiction recepticles. One minute your growing a few parsnips, then you wake up and realize you are sitting on a Capitalist empire, and You've been reported missing for over a month."
,Recommended,413150,30915045,Posted: 2 April,all,Omie~,"This Game makes me think of how games use to be, relaxing and a breath of fresh air"
76561198056482968,Recommended,413150,25326912,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,The Awezome One,"If you need a nice relaxing game to pass the time or a game to dump hours into for a few weeks then you probably should buy this but if you can't stand literally waiting for trees to grow, or if you can't take a game with no real goal besides making money ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥es and ending up with a spouse and 9 other relationships."
76561198116852335,Recommended,413150,31636209,Posted: 8 May,all,Iamthewalrus,"10/10, Best Harvest Moon/Rune Factory ripoff"
,Recommended,413150,21550302,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nimja,"I've played this game for 6 hours?!?Okay then. It's a simple indie game by one main developer and a few artists. And it doesn't show. It's amazing. Highly detailed, very deep and incredibly varied. There are some minor issues still, but since the release the makers have not sit still and fixed most of them already! Even so, the day-1 release was of *MUCH* higher quality than most AA games nowadays.You're a farmer, boy or girl, and tend to a farm. Or go monster hunting. Or seduce men or women... Or do what you want.It's all up to you.I highly reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,413150,25190891,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,G33kcast,You will lose your life. Your time. Your loved ones.You will do nothing else.But pull up beets.And you will love it.
76561198325370375,Recommended,413150,25194482,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,kitten416,"I grew up playing Harvest Moon and this is a great game! The graphics are great and, if you get stuck, the Wiki page of Stardew Valley is nice to use. My only complaint is that, 50 hours in, my first game was unusable. So, if you're computer likes to randomly crash, you may have some problems. But there should be a new update coming in the future and I'm excited to see what is added to the game. It's amazing that ONE guy made all of it!"
,Recommended,413150,25191797,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KingNibble,"love it so far haven't gotten too far into it yet but it's definitely worth it, currently have a mod that makes my pet look like umbreon"
,Recommended,413150,25189322,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Meechachos Grande,"I can't sing this game's praises enough.  This is a game I hyped over for four years, and it STILL delivered on my ridiculous expectations.  It's like this guy somehow read my thoughts on what was missing in Harvest Moon games, and what an amazing Farming game would be, and then acted on it BY HIMSELF and then released it successfully.This is a game that will be continuing to receive content updates, and I'm excited for an already complete and incredible game to be further fleshed out over time.  10/10.  Would recommend."
,Recommended,413150,25193886,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,McDylan,"Seriously good game. Really well made, thanks ConcernedApe."
76561198142189717,Recommended,413150,25191325,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MakeItSo,"This is the ideological successor to the original Animal Crossing, just with a farm. The store description sells it short by calling it a farm similator. It's more like ""you can explore caves, fight monsters, fish, discover the secret woods, and also you have a farm."" You literally don't have to do anything with the farm if you don't want to (it's easier to make money if you do, though). Fishing was a little difficult at first, but it does get easier. I really love this game, it scratches every itch left over from my Game Cube Animal Crossing."
76561198099053098,Recommended,413150,25193561,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KawaSlayer,After playing this game for around 57 hours i've decided to write a review. This game is a lot of fun and lives up to it's expectations.Pros:- Easy to learn gameplay- Decent amount of content- Numerous customization options- Good art and graphics- Beautiful soundtrackCons- May be too addictive for busy humans- Somewhat repetitive after early game- Little to do after reaching end-game contentOverall I give this game a 9.5/10. Look at different reviews to see if this game is worth your time as what is stated above is only my opinion.
76561198118610712,Recommended,413150,25193643,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rawr134,I love everything about this game!!!
76561198066123209,Recommended,413150,32166448,Posted: 3 June,all,Dr. Caesar,"Stardew Valley is a good game. It's full of content and it looks beautiful and has nice music. From an unbiased point of view, it has very few flaws. However, no one is unbiased, and bias is sometimes necessary to judge a game's problems.I love the game on paper. It's Harvest Moon ramped up to 100. It's content is rich and can keep many busy for hundreds of hours. I am not one of those people. This game is simply... Unbearably slow for me. The walking speed is slow. The Progress is slow. The FUN is slow. I'm a fast paced person. It's waiting for the little things that kills me. Spending half the day just getting to places makes it super hard to enjoy - I don't enjoy walking between places.The game is full of waiting for things - which is an ironic criticism for a farming sim - that's the point isn't it? Well, maybe. But it's not the waiting for crops that bothers me, it's all the wasted time on other stuff. Walking places, waiting for shops to open, waiting till the next day to do simple tasks. It's a lot of sitting around or postponing your plans because oops! You ran out of energy! That means you have less energy the next day, which makes it harder to do stuff, and makes you wait even more.Like I said, I love the game on paper. It's got nothing inherantly wrong with it - but the amount of absolute nothing I end up doing due to core game mechanics drives me away. Every time I try to play again, I get turned off within an hour because it's aggravatingly slow to do absolutely anything at all. If you have the patience to soak in everything, get it. It's a good game. But if you're like me, and prefer to get things done quickly and efficiently? Don't buy it."
76561198054177659,Recommended,413150,26921666,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toast,"Really fun game, lots of things to do."
,Recommended,413150,33493800,Posted: 12 July,all,another waste of taxpayer money,By playing this game I learned that everyone loves mayo
76561198220598908,Recommended,413150,33525050,Posted: 13 July,all,CreampieMafia,Reminds me of when I used to work in the fields as a day laborer. Fun.
76561198181333383,Recommended,413150,33575404,Posted: 15 July,all,Asuna Yuuki,Great game!
,Recommended,413150,23935288,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Herbie,Civ 5 = one more turnStardew = one more day
,Recommended,413150,21632183,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Loarak,Good.
76561198088413370,Recommended,413150,33579032,Posted: 16 July,all,Haans!! ze flammenwerfer,Pirated the gameLoved the gameBought itLoved it
76561198294024846,Recommended,413150,27871517,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Marty McFly,I pulled an all-nighter for this game
76561198268986404,Recommended,413150,28582897,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sonofboo,Absolutely awesome!  I am not sure why I bought it because I was convienced I would just be farming all the time.  Luckily I was completely wrong!  It is definitely worth the buy.
,Recommended,413150,28582881,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DiGiorno,Gave a girl bread until mariage. 1²/1
,Recommended,413150,22054093,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Schmootle,"What can I say?- As nostalgic as a drunk aunt who reminds you she loves you- As soothing as your favorite young adult book, but all the references make sense- Its a musty attic full of the pleasures and traumas of growing up, under a safety blanket of dust and cardboardFrom the opening music, which would resemble the best 16-bit console themes except for the judicious application of whammy bar, you know you are in for a classic experience that escapes the hazy dreamscape of Nintendo and incorporates a bit of the home life from which you were trying to escape.  Dare I say, this is Harvest Moon for adults who know better?  Is this Thanksgiving dinner with the extended family after your sophomore year at college?  Is it catching up with your high school sweetheart over coffee and laughing over a distant now but shared past, but with no regrets?  You can't go home again but you can always play Stardew Valley and remember when life was as simple as school days and seasons, but not that simple, not really."
,Recommended,413150,23964311,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Barney Google,"I don't play Harvest Moon style games on a regular basis. However, I found this game to be quite enjoyable.Their are many things to grind out, easter eggs, small amounts of character development, and new areas to discover.The quests are shallow, but still provide more to achieve and make you feel like a farmer.I REALLY LIKE GRINDING. This is not a hard grind by any means, but I enjoy it nonetheless.The best part about it is with every day/time spent doing things you feel like you're getting somewhere each day.Except for Winter, ♥♥♥♥ that season.Conclusion: 10/10 would play again."
76561198033839696,Recommended,413150,33540494,Posted: 14 July,all,Jackie Legs,"Awesome fun little game, just the right amount of depth for a inexpensive game."
,Recommended,413150,33535820,Posted: 14 July,all,🌸Lukachu🌸,"A beautiful, lighthearted game for all ages. I love this game so much - it's a perfect feel-good game.You start off the game creating your character with 5 farm layouts to choose from which will impact how you play the game. For example the Riverland farm has more streams running through, making it better for fishing but leaving less space for farming. The standard layout is a good one to start off with on your first playthrough.In the actual game there is so much to do. Of course, you first start off with plotting out land to grow crops in. Every season comes with a wide variety of seeds you can grow, all with different growth times and sell prices. You can utilise your crops by selling them immediately, and eventually you can use these crops in different ways. I.e. crafting a keg and putting grapes in them to make grape wine to make a really good profit. Another way to farm is by raising animals in the game, and they all look really cute♥ They are really great in the winter as you cannot grow crops in this season.There are different skills your character can develop. These are: farming, fishing, foraging, mining and combat. We've covered farming already.Fishing is a little tricky minigame in which you have to keep the fish within the meter. Whilst it is frustrating in the beginning, if you persevere you will eventually get a better fishing rod which makes it easier.Foraging is very simple to do. You simply pick up things you find in and around the farm and town. These include plants, flowers, shells, and more. It is a very easy way to make money at the beginning of the game.Mining is to do with breaking rocks with your pickaxe. The majority of this skill will be levelled up in the mines, where you can find ores and gems. The ore you find are very useful for certain crafting recipes such as a sprinkler, which will automatically water your crops within a set area.Combat is to do with fighting monsters (of course). At the beginning of the game you will first encounter monsters in the mines (unless you choose the wilderness farm).Each skill is useful in increasing efficiency of the associated tool. So mining will give you extra efficiency with your pickaxe, for example.Relationships in this game are very important for the very reason that you get cooking recipes. Cooking is useful in this game in order to make food for yourself that will increase your energy and/or health. You can form friendships with everyone in this town by giving them gifts that they like. Upon increasing your friendship level with the townspeople, you will encounter heart events where you will learn more about that character. Some stories are sweet, some sad. You really feel a connection with some of them. Additionally, you can also eventually find a partner in the game (I chose Elliott, hehe). This can eventually lead to marriage, and then children.There is so much more to this game, like hidden secrets of Stardew Valley which you can choose to uncover youself or look online. I love this game to the point where I lose track of what time it is! I highly encourage you to try it, especially if you love simulation games. 10/10 flawless game."
,Recommended,413150,23320594,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Future Ivy,"I always had a fondness for the comfy slow gameplay ofHarvest Moonand Stardew Valley takes it to a whole different plane of quality. It maintains that open sense of exploration, as well as a vastly more polished, clean, and involved experience. Everything is available as soon as you take control of the character, no need for hand-holding tedious tutorials that only drill in our trope gameplay even farther; you know how to play and it's up to you to decide just what isreallyappealing toyou!There's plenty of open character customization, akin to what we've seen in many other games but, again, perfected even farther. Characters range in all personalities with enough depth and human, well, characterization that I get excited just stumbling onto one of them as I walk around the gorgeous pixel-art landscape. Music is used tastefully, everything is polished and detailed, and most importantly, it's a joyful relaxing experience. There's just enough gameplay difference to mix it up if you eventhinkyou might be bored... and it's always there to come back to even if you are. But in all honesty it's kind of hard to pass up such a perfect game, right?"
,Recommended,413150,21544511,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Aurjay,Finally a Rune Factory-ish game on the PC!
,Recommended,413150,21564335,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Maxwell Demonic,"My Boss: ""Why are you late yet again?""Me: ""My parsnip harvest came in."""
,Recommended,413150,28110584,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Teellox,"It's adorable. If you've played Harvest Moon, this will bring back wonderful memories, and if you haven't it's still a source of joy and delight. This is my go-to game when I need to relax from the brutually hard games I usually play.Recommended you play without the wiki, and enjoy the discoveres and wonders of Stardew Valley."
76561198068811202,Recommended,413150,27046875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doggles,"Stardew valley... Where do I begin?This is a great game, I really love it. The character backstory, the customization, the options, the different types of farms, everything.Just about everything is avaliable from day 1, giving you soooooo many options and paths to take that it never gets boring, or run out of things to do.To cut a long review short. Buy this game. You won't regret it :)"
76561198034660415,Recommended,413150,24205600,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JScott86,Highly addictive. One of those great 'I'll do just one more day' games that make hours fly by.
,Recommended,413150,22078143,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[sNb] Six,"I bought the game with no prior knowledge about the story or gameplay, other than it being a relaxing ""country life"" simulator.  All I was looking for was a game to relax with, and that was just what I got.  I usually look to get about an hour worth of entertainment out of a game per dollar spent.  So far I have 28 hours spent and I have not even made it through the entirety of the first year.All that being said, I love how the game isn't just a farming game, or fishing game, or even ""dungeon crawler"" (I put the quotations because the dungeons are fairly small, but enough to still be a interesting aspect of the game as a whole.)  If I don't feel like fishing one day, that's fine.  I'll walk around the forest and clear debris and forage for fruits.To me, the game accomplished all I wanted of it; to be a relaxing game to unwind with.  If you are looking for a game with constant action, look elsewhere.  If you are looking for a game to put on, lean back, and water crops or cast a line into the ocean, look no further."
76561198070015902,Recommended,413150,33569970,Posted: 15 July,all,arcticfox,Relaxing but very addictive maybe too much...
,Recommended,413150,33564365,Posted: 15 July,all,Affair,The life I have in game is alot better than real life. Makes me cry inside. 11/10
,Recommended,413150,23149457,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,milkYw4i,"Everyone who ever played Harvest Moon will immediately feel at home. I'd personally describe SDV as a Harvest Moon - Friends of Mineral town with the addition of some Hack and Slay Elements. Concerning your Farm you have ultimate freedom, you may become a pure farmer, rancher, have a winery or orchard, the choice is yours. Finishing the artifact collection for the museum can be frustrating and so can be the aquisition of other items (e.g. Void Egg) which are purely RNG-based. Lategame Is a little bit thing as of now, but announcements have been made that this shall change for the better. Great game, certainly worth the money."
,Recommended,413150,23731886,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jacer08,"Harvest Moon 2016, for PC.Stop thinking about it, just get it. It's good."
,Recommended,413150,23744820,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,strahmdude,"Look at my hours. Guys, it's harvest moon but better with a active developer adding to it. GET IT."
,Recommended,413150,23786155,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,filthy,"At the flower festival:Me; ,,Wanna dance?''Haley: ,,Eww no''Most realistic simulator ever 11/10¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,413150,23790734,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,404 poundcat not found,"This game is wonderful. I pulled off an ""All Nighter"" just by playing this game. IGN out of 10, would never sleep again."
,Recommended,413150,23797075,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,aaaaddddd,Nice
,Recommended,413150,23779676,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FireMario,Got drugged by a wizard so I could read a mouses golden scroll. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,21486156,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Zaden,The baby is sleeping. Throw it to the sky and the baby loves it
,Recommended,413150,21487099,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Straight Outta Quantum,"This game is 10/1 unreal. The fishing is more intense than competitive CSGO, while the landscape and smoothness gives a very familiar presence yet invites me to walk away from the boring, mundane world of today. I find myself in a peaceful, cozy niche of Stardew Valley, and absolutely love it."
,Recommended,413150,21491171,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Dean of Clown Academy,The spirit and joy of old Harvest Moon games live on through Stardew Valley
76561198021196621,Recommended,413150,21491343,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kazjin,"10/10 already addicted, all I could ask for and more. As it's been said if you like harvest moon this is the ticket. If there was a way for me to pay more for this I would."
,Recommended,413150,21893744,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Jimmy 2 Angles,"9.8/10Pro's:- Enjoyable- Infinite Replayability- Excellent Coding from 1 person- Great soundtrack- Beautiful art style- Generally greatCon's:- Some sprites have black bars on the sides- Come on, it's made by 1 person!"
76561198122403968,Recommended,413150,21873281,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Tyler The Tank,Great Game 8/8 Would Recommend!
,Recommended,413150,21947913,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,高腾,"Great game. Best Harvest Moon ever made. 10/10, 100/100"
76561198272974295,Recommended,413150,21948992,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,XxRipepxX,I love this game so much. Stardew Valley has found a special place in my heart. 10/10 Would recommend to anyone who loves/loved the Harvest Moon games.
,Recommended,413150,21951294,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,The Mish,So far so good! Makes for a great let's play series! Follow me on twitch and subscribe to me on youtube for clean gameplay on popular games!
,Recommended,413150,21952967,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ms.G,I love this game.Sebby is life.
,Recommended,413150,21918595,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Fallen ◆♕◆,Only 6 hours in but I think this game is just amazing. It was built by just 1 person..............
76561198034016031,Recommended,413150,21503598,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Aedreal,"After having committed myself to a solid 21 hours at launch (unknowingly. of course) I can say with what I hope is a helpful surety that this may be one of the best ""farm-life"" games since the original Harvest Moon. It's clear from the very beginning that Concerned Ape is not only a fantastic game designer (and a one-man production powerhouse) but he is also simply a fan of the genre, and devoted to making the best game for fans like him. While there are a few surface oddities with the game that I noticed (one such example being a lack of signage for shoppes declaring hours and days of operation with accuracy to when the shopowner would be at the desk -- I ended up making my own list on a piece of paper because I got really annoyed trying to remember off hand if the carpenter worked on a Tuesday or not) nary a one detracted from my overall enjoyment of the game.I had been following the game for about 3 years now, and was inarguably hyped and excited for its launch and while I have had similar feelings preluding a vidja game debut in the past with mixed results, this game did not disappoint me. I, too, am a faithful Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons/Rune Factory et el. fan and I felt this game lived up and in many respects surpassed some of those titles. And for the price it simply cannot be ignored.I would recommend this game to anyone who has played the aformentioned farm-life franchises or just enjoys a game that can be played as casually or as vehemently as you want to. It is filled with a plethora of minigames to occupy what often ends up being a wasted festival day in other games; there is actually engaging and fun combat, if a bit uncomplicated; and the story is interesting to say the least, as you're not required to play the game a specific way. There are at least two possible ways to play the story, that I'm aware of, though knowing the level Concerned Ape took this game to, it's entirely possible there's another option or two that I'm unaware of.TL;DR: This game is more than worth it's inexpensive price tag. If you're worried it won't be as good as HM games, then you'll be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,413150,21514105,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Obergruppenführer John Smith,So worth the wait! I fully recommend this game! 11/10...It's consuming my life...
76561197975751923,Recommended,413150,21514465,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Henry Swanson,"As of February 27th, 2016 at 9:05 pm CST this game reviews at Overwhelmingly Positive with a 98% positive review rating from 896 reviewers. What this means is 2% of the people hate fun, and have no true concept as to what makes a phenomenal game. Of course art is both relative and subjective, but this is pretty much as good as it gets."
,Recommended,413150,21517809,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,NestorBR,I bought this game and played it on the same day for more than 11 straight hours. I don't regret any minute of it.
,Recommended,413150,21840050,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Potato Wedge Antilles,"I was like you once. I thought there was no way this game could be as good as all these reviewers claim.""98%?!? There must be some weird mass of farming fetishists flooding the reviews"", I said.It's been 2 days and I've played 19 hours instead of studying for finals.My character passes out after 2 am, but I just keep going.You absolutely must buy this masterful creation; but for the love of glob, buy it after finals..."
,Recommended,413150,21840404,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,katt,"~40 hours in and the best farm lesbian simulater i've ever played. 10/10, play if you also want to be a lesbian farmer"
76561198034313379,Recommended,413150,21840999,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Scott,"Could try describing it as a weirdly working mix of terraria/zelda/farmville, but that's not very sexy. Yet somehow, it just works. No idea if it's the stress-free design, cute music, highly enjoyable (although pixelly) art or the ""take your time"" mix of farming / socializing / exploring (and fishing !! <3) with a slight mystical undertone...But somehow it really really works. I mean i'm not addicted. Just because it's 3am and i'm watering blueberries and hoping she'll pick me at the flower festival..."
,Recommended,413150,21841202,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,(っ◔◡◔)っ ♥ holz ♥,"I don't know how to describe my thoughts on this game. They are very positive and I think that the sole developer of this game created a great product, however I was very pleasantly surprised to not only be farming, but also to be doing plenty of other things like trying to woo the village hoe (its appropriate because the game involves hoeing dirt) or occasionally pleasing my Willy down south (No not that, the fisherman at the beach) with some business and fish for him. Was a good choice to buy this game."
,Recommended,413150,21817091,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mister Kait,I haven't even played an hour and I'm having flashbacks to playing Harvest Moon non-stop when I was a teenager.  My life for the foreseeable future is over.
76561198065273879,Recommended,413150,21822316,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Zhevvy_,"I remember way back in the PSP days (not that long ago) I got a TOTALLY LEGIT ""wink"" version of Harvest Moon. My little kid mind had no idea how to play it and I never even got a single crop planted because I used to be such a video game failure, but that's besides the point!Anyways, this game gives a great nostalgic feel of the old time 8bit/16bit games and is a great break from all of those newer released shoot em up games and violence and replaces the gap with some nice peaceful farming and adventure.10/10 would parsnip again"
,Recommended,413150,21782929,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Blaze #GetShrekt,"This game is awesome. It's like Harvest Moon with basically everything improved, made more user-friendly, more fun, and with tons of expanded options.Normally I'd write a long, detailed, review but I'm busy playing. Back to my game now. It's one of fewer than 5 games I've bought in the last decade on the day of release and paid full price for...and it was worth every dollar.Stop reading and buy it now. STOP READING. BUY IT. BUY IT NOW....ok, good. I'm glad you bought it. :)Update: Still playing it! Still love it!! :)"
,Recommended,413150,21792011,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Je2ter,Just five more minutes i need to finish this quest before it expires.*Looks at clock* 4am in real life.Great game consumes timeMust buy
,Recommended,413150,21850785,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,JoJo,This takes all of the great things about harvest moon and adds onto it. This game has been amazing so far and I do not want to put it down.
,Recommended,413150,21850876,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Pak RT,"The police should never know.The first day I visited the village, I saw him: his glazing brown eyes pierced right through mine. I tried to focus on the conversation, but I can't help with his charming cheek... and eye brows. This is it; this is the man deserved to be a senpai.... MY senpai. Everyday I stalked him; I talked to every villagers I to know about him; I looked up his birthday in front of Pierre's; I would follow him every single step to study his routines and scrutinize his interests.... until I see her trying to flirt with him under the Pine of the hill... oh God.... he's laughing at her bad jokes... HE WAS NOT PAYING ATTENTION TO THE CONVERSATION AT ALL.... no... THIS IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN: that ♥♥♥♥♥ must die.So I worked on from that day a plan: it started from the parsnips. Then I climbed up to fishing... mining...craftings...going through dungeons killing innocents creatures feeling threatened by my presence for the sake of my power hunger. My need to expand my small crusty farm grew greater and greater each day; I can't stop, it felt too good. I enslaved a horse, exploited the nature till it's dry and refined my weaponries to conquers the habitat used to belong to the families of earth... all for senpai.3 years had passed since: the journey to achieve as much power as I can blinded my sense of time. Senpai was marrying that girl in 2 days; This can't happen, I need to stop it. At night I entered her house, with my purple axe. I knocked on her door, playing the friendly face. Right when at the moment when she's facing the kitchen table, I swung my axe at her skull. I didn't remember anything else; I swung, and swung, and swung... until I ran out of breathe. I left unharmed. Now I'm at Senpai's door step: at my right hand is a blue feather of Mineral Town; some sort of symbol of luck, I guess. Did I mentioned what's on my left hand? Well, the police should never know- Yandewre Valleytl;dr 10/10, this game can't be legal: it's like pure cocaine"
,Recommended,413150,21855288,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,WholesaleVirus,"This game is so similar to a game that gripped my heart so hard, that I fell in love instantly. What game is this? Harve- I mean Stardew Valley! This is a game that scratches that spot in the back of your head that has been desiring a Harvest Moon like game. If you liked any of the Harvest Moons no matter which adaption you played, I can say you will outright like this game. Buy it right now.Now that I’ve appealed to them, those who are reading this who hadn’t played Harvest Moon, I will outline the start of Stardew Valley: Warning, there are spoilers.You are a young man or woman who has inherited the farm and are now in charge to improving said farm. You will meet plenty of people and in this game along side the farming, you can get married, have children, animals, and fight weird little slime things! That’s right, unlike Harvest Moon which had zero combat, this has it’s own form of combat. Now those of you who like anything remotely to Minecraft/Starbound/Terraria, you will feel at home with this game. There is simplistic combat, and building in the game. Yes, I mean there is crafting. (Lets be honest… you don’t get games with out crafting these days.) Though despite all that, this game has an incredible amount of depth to it, which doesn’t surprise me considering it comes from the publisher Chucklefish (Starbound). ConcernedApe is new from what I can tell, but they hit the hammer right on the head. For a first title, I think they are doing very well. Know what is also one of my favorite parts about this game? It’s NOT early access.Alright, lets his a quick pro/con list:Pros:+ Customization is very in depth, hell you have a character customization.+ Art is gorgeous. Not complex and gorgeous.+ The music is great, and enjoyable.+ Your options are absolutely limitless. You can get married, and the farm is so organic you can do as you wish with the land.Cons:- Haven’t tried, but hear the controller support is kind of wonky.- The quest system in game is a little odd, but still manageable.Bonus:++ The creator is very active in the community.I can’t believe I forgot about this portion of the game. Multiplayer is coming.""I’m also very excited at the prospect of adding new content in the future (as well as Multiplayer). I have lots of ideas of my own, and I’ve also heard some great ideas from others. Let’s make this an active community together!"" - ConcernedApeExciting right? One thing I always desire in a game, because I love sharing my gaming experience with others! So, in short… buy this game. It’s worth it."
,Recommended,413150,21866098,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Zenya-san,just one more day.........
,Recommended,413150,21742402,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Dexter,"Stardew Valley is a astonishing its one of the few games that actually made me have a genuine smile. Even though at the beging I had no intention of buying it, but later my friend had convinced me to buy Stardew Valley.For only being 14.99$ its so worth it, there's a lot of content right off the bat from fishing, farming, splunking, building relationships and ect. Once this game gets things like multiplayer in the game its going to be a huge bonus for replaying the game or just buying it in general.Although there are a few cons here and there that I have found with Stardew ValleyUnless you have a freind or you've watched videos some parts of the game are confusing wich leads to reading a guide or walkthrough.Multiple times I have had my wife walk through the wall in my house into a dark void wich then makes me restart Stardew Valley to have her back in my house again.Answered yes to adopt a kid but had never recevied them.But to recap over what I felt Stardew Valley did right.Very adictive and non stop fun.A lot of content.Useful guides and walkthroughs.(soon to be multiplayer)A fealing of progression over a lot of the game.Like-able npcs in the game.10 npcs that you can marry.In the end my opinion is that if you like Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon (or even not) Stardew Valley is very worth the 14.99$ and has eated up my life and free time."
,Recommended,413150,21752098,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lunchbox,"Imagine if Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing and Rune Factory had a three-way and somehow ended up with a baby.The baby would be Stardew Valley.Oh and with same sex marriages.10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21753714,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Pro Question Dogger,What started as a game became life.
,Recommended,413150,21755873,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ZeroFrosty,Next Undertale Rpg mlg indie game 501 blaxe it
76561198056770044,Recommended,413150,23609302,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cataclysmic,"Ahh, I remeber playing Harvest Moon on my friend's GameCube almost everyday, and this game manages to take that formula and Improve on it in almost every single way. It's engaging, and there's so much to do. This game is a must have. Now, enjoy this short summary of my first 10 hours of this fantastic game.I wake up every morning with almost 600G in profits from my fairly early farm. That's a  good amount of money to save every day. Give it a little more time, and I can build a barn. Even though I'm steadily making money, there's one thing I can't help doing every day....I rummage through people's garbage. It's a really bad habbit, I know.I find some really good stuff. Almost every day someone throws out a perfectly good baguette. I can't just let that go to waste, can I? Absoluetly not. I recommend you do it too. You've just got to get it done before the homeless guy up north gets to your trash cans.In my first 10 Hrs or so, I've...Built a chicken coop.Stolen countless trash can baguettes.Lost an egg hunt.Freaked out NPCs so they they ran away from me. (Mostly caused the trash rummaging. Also intense staring)Planted a field dedicated entirely to make gifts for one person.Sold so much Mayo I could drown in it.And, I totally ruined the governer's soup. Turns out that putting a generic garden weed in soup doesn't ""Boil"" over well. (See what I did there?)For real, though. Get this game. I've had this game for a little over 24 hours now, and I've put 11 of those hours into playtime. It's so addictive. You'll constanly hear yourself saying ""Just one more day."" It's never just one more, it's at least ten. If you're a fan of Harvest Moon games, or just a peaceful, joyful experiance in general, this game is for you."
76561198035020037,Recommended,413150,25072017,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Rigel,"I moved in to a small town in a valley in the begening of spring. Soon I saw a girl and started giving here gifts and talking to her. Then at the end of spring there was a dance so I asked here to dance. She said ""ew no"" I went home crying. Then I remembered what makes me feel better, so I opened up my computer and started playing stardew valley."
,Recommended,413150,21690843,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Wipfmetz,"Great game, lots of fun, sorry can't write long reviews, gotta go fish and there are cows to milk and trees to chop and also a farm!"
76561198049856067,Recommended,413150,21696333,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DJ,I only played 80 hours in the past week. No big deal
76561198220443512,Recommended,413150,21697850,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,General Baked Potatoes,So one day i give this girl a flower.She ate it.Women are compilated
,Recommended,413150,21652307,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,bambucha,"It's 3am. I better go to sleep, I've been playing this game all day.I save the game, but I decide to check if there is something happening tomorrow (in the game).*3 hours pass*It's now 6am, and I have to wake up at 8. Great."
76561198075131413,Recommended,413150,21652741,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Grandalf,For once in my life I've felt like I had people that loved me.
,Recommended,413150,21656358,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Reedox,Anyone who negatively reviews this game is either dumb or a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot.
,Recommended,413150,21722163,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,alpha,weed farm
76561198041949514,Recommended,413150,22156267,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,LockedKeye,Is this what addiction feels like?
76561198075767902,Recommended,413150,22164335,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tiberius,"Become one with theculttownEngage in manyritualsfestivalsProvidesacrificesgifts to thesatanicmagic apple peopleBecome a detective when your sheep becomes pregnant from either the pig, the goat or one of the two cowsSacrificeSell theholysatanicsheepBurnClose down Joja MartGet married by excessive giftingTurn your farm into a capitalist wasteland like the one you leftGrandpa remains happyExposeMake friends in the communityDie on floor 119 of the mines and get rescused by Linusstalkingwandering byWinLose all your money at the casinoWatch nature destory everything you madeRun out of blueberriesRun out of moneyBecome Linus 2.0Realise you dumped a work week into a gameBecome Linus IRL11/10 would play again"
76561198081224114,Recommended,413150,22228048,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,alemismun,10/10 The best rpg I have ever played - FreakGamer
76561198069194465,Recommended,413150,22232248,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,odacava,"You can spend countless hours into this game without trying. This is a game I went into blindly not knowing anything about it, I thought it would be cool to try a different genre of games and I was pleasantly surprised with this one. Even today I go through phases with this game where I don't touch it for a few weeks and then get re-addicted to it for a month or so. I have also gotten 2 of my friends into this game via stupid bets that I lost. I reccomend this game for everyone (yes even 10 year old call of duty players). Only problem is price. In my opinion, it costs a little too much, although that is a minor complaint seeing as how it has endless potential. Buy this game, you won't regret it.Can't wait for multiplayer!"
,Recommended,413150,22243124,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Vod,"Do you ever have one of those days where nothing goes how you want it? You go home stressed and frustrated, and you just want to chill out and relax. For me personally I tend to play games that aren't very intense, but just simple, slow paced and fun, like Cities: Skylines or Euro Truck Simulator. I think it's safe to say Stardew Valley is one of those games.The game is essentially a spiritual successor to Harvest Moon, and it's evident by the amount of gameplay that Harvest Moon was a heavy influence in the games design. The goal of the game is to raise a successful farm and help rebuild the community centre. However, there's no end game, no time constraint, and no hassle. The beauty of Stardew Valley lies in its freedom of choice and varied activities. You wake up and you can tend to your farm land, go mining for ores, do a spot of fishing by the ocean, befriend the townspeople, or battle monsters in aforementioned mine. If there's a festival in the town centre, you can attend it if you wanted to. If it's someone's birthday, you can give them a present, or not, the choice is yours. It's a case of ""it's there if you want to try it"" rather than ""you should do this"". Couple it with a wonderful soundtrack, and you have one hell of a fantastic game. If you're a Harvest Moon fan, then give this a go."
76561198061948746,Recommended,413150,22275865,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,I Have No Spoon,">Hyped about Flower Dance in spring.>Goes into town.>Hits on the local hotties for the next week.>Have one heart with every babe in town.>Feeling good and looking good ;)>Goes to Flower Dance and bring **** ton of flowers.>Can't use flowers at dance.>Ask girls to dance with me.>Rejected each time.>Becomes desperate and starts asking guys to dance.>Still rejected.>Have to sit out of dance while the local singles get to do tribal dance.>Go home and cry.>Slip into deep depression.>Tries to drown in lake, ocean, and water bowl.>Unsuccessful.>Tries to go back home to the city.>Bus out of service.>Just stays on farm now.>Can't show face around town.>Rejection hurts.10/10 was willing to dance with men."
,Recommended,413150,22279748,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ps4 - OneLeggedMan--,"Amazing fun game! Long story... build up relationships have a nice looking farm get married... get in patient, look online for  mods :(... find an item spawner mod... downloaded, got rich, all upgraded tools... had the best farm ever... I was disapointed in my self :( stop playing cause it ruined my gameplay :(10/10 would never cheat again!"
,Recommended,413150,24215395,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Daassie,"Simple and captivating with some kbm control issuesSimple assets, simple mechanics, simple everything - but it just works so well as an experience. I think it's the writing and the excellent theming bringing everything together (plus obvious lessons learned from other crafty-grindy games, which is by no means abadthing). Once I got over the overly-Japanese undertones, I was immersed in the simple village life.The start is very relaxing, but towards the end of the first year things got a little stressful (as at that point you know what to do and have so much to do, always). Then I realised I don't need to do everything in one run; it's not how the game works. The game is supposed to be about individual timelines or stories or whatever you choose to call them, not superior performance or total completion (like traditional RPGs tend to be). Just take it easy and do what you like doing and the game will open up to you! There are at least three whole years to go through, I think, maybe more?I have put 30 hours into my first ""story"" and I am just about reaching the end ofyear 1. This promises to be at least 90 hours of game time for one playthrough. This game is undeniably slow - even lifelike - and I love it for that. The content is simple yet plentiful and cohesive enough to keep me going, leaving me with time to reflect and relax instead of just reacting and running at full speed to do everything.The only caveat I have found is the sub-optimal keyboard+mouse control. The game simulates a controller, so your mouse cursor behaves more like the ""look"" stick than a true cursor. This results in some unintuitive targeting and bad clicks until you get used to the idea, and even then it is still highly annoying: I still regularly kill crops by accident and keep missing rocks in the mines. I hope a future update brings true mouse targeting to the table.Highly recommended for something completely different to the usual fare, if you don't mind an addictive crafty-grindy timesink with some overly Japanese undertones."
,Recommended,413150,24127751,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,sgtslayer,"It's Havest Moon's and Animal Crossing's lovechild. Pretty chill game, and the BIGGEST TIME WASTER EVER. IT WAS 9PM WHEN I GOT ON AND I GOT OFF AT 4 WTF. 12/10"
76561198073933205,Recommended,413150,24197801,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,wickedthespian,"I don't remember what it really looks like outside, but my pixel farm is beautiful. This game is soul consuming in the best and worst ways, and I do not ever want to stop playing. Ever."
,Recommended,413150,24067307,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chon9,"Must have life sim title:1. You don't have youtube and facebook in here, just crops and livestocks2. You have friends and waifu, for me, a purple hair waifu that like to eat gem stones.3. Fishing is hard, just like real life.4. You can easily find untouch cookies and cola in trash.5. Watch TV and fortune teller said I am good luck and decide go mining and fight some creatures."
,Recommended,413150,24482115,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,riq,"I used to play Harvest Moon like 10 years ago. I came into this game expecting it to be like it. That was a huge mistake. I was a bit dissapointed at first, seeing as how it seems like you begin doing a lot of busywork that doesn't seem to be farming related at all. But little by little I realized that it was the game's way of introducing yourself to all the different systems and mechanics. So after I realized and understood that this was a different experience, I started enjoying myself greatly. To the point that yesterday I spent literally all day playing and didn't even notice 14 hours had gone by.So I guess my point is, don't be fooled into thinking this is an exact clone of Harvest Moon. It's much better if you experience it as a different game with some similar mechanics, and of course without any expectations up front."
76561197996175454,Recommended,413150,24510788,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,RoyalRope,"Having joined Steam 8 and a half years ago, I had yet to find a game that would take 100+ hours from my life.Thanks a lot Stardew Valley.10/10."
,Recommended,413150,23908078,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ReDelicious,"Been mining all day every day for weeks just to gather precious gems they ""love"" to give to the ladies of Stardew Valley. Not a single one would even dance with me at the Flower Dance.10/10 accurate real life simulator."
76561198042650453,Recommended,413150,23923620,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BRoCclIvoyAge_Xx,First ever review. Played 18 hours within the first 24 hours of buying the game and am now up to 30 hours inside the first 48 hours.A+ Gold star
76561198172114631,Recommended,413150,23931212,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,UnraveledSoul,"Okay so to start off, this game is all I play anymore. I just got this game 2 days ago and Ive already put 13 hour into it. Its and amazing game with SOOOOO much to do. I dont know what I would do without this game. 11/10 favorite game already."
76561197997387856,Recommended,413150,23868639,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,KingVolkaan,If you wanna spend so good time and a relaxing game. This one is yours. Brilliantly developed game that's make you play a little longer at 4 am ...
,Recommended,413150,23982113,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Asriel,"For such a reasonable price for the game, this game have so much to offer. Stardew Valley really give me the harvest moon vibe which bring back those nostalgic memories when i used to play harvest moon. If you love harvest moon, you will not want to miss this game out, I'm sure you get your money worth with such amazing content that this game offer."
,Recommended,413150,23983912,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nye^_^ opsk.in/u/31nx3z,Do NOT buy this game unless you want to be extremely addicted.  This game is literally heroine!
,Recommended,413150,21806743,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Carol B,"This game is beyond amazing! There are so many things you can do: plant/farm, fish, go mining, go foraging and etc..Feels like the game is a mix of Terraria with Havest Moon but it still has its own unique gameplay..If you're wondering about buying it, just do it! :D"
,Recommended,413150,21698504,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,❂Remilin❂,"I love the game, I really do. I have put a lot of hours in it and can see doing a LOT more. Tons of content, tons of objectives, nice and relaxing while still being challanging, just an overall good game. However, there are a couple things that could use some work.The sound when picking something in a dialog menu sounds like a loud static pop (thought it was my headphones dying at first). The bachelors look like they got hit by the ugly stick right before being released (the old models looked okay, but I have questions on the pedo-stache on Harvey). I actually had a really hard time learning some characters names because the sprite and portaits can look so different (small gripe). My dog has often gotten in the way of me going to the cave and different objects. It clipped into stuff very often. I know that one guy made it, but I do sometimes just miss the more detailed portaits that you find in HM games. I think the pixel art is good, but can be tough to get on a large screen.And finally, the fishing needs work. It does get better with a better rod, bait, and practice; but there are a lot of fish that I know I will never catch. It is just too touchy for me to really enjoy it. It becomes such of a headache trying to get the fish for the comm. center that I either buy them from traveling vendors or daydream about tearing the whole building down. I think a fix for that would be to decrease the bouncy floatiness of your bar to make the game feel like you have more control.All in all, it is a fantasic game and I still can't believe the amount of effort and skill that was put into this game. I love it and can see me having just way to many hours in this games. I do recommend this game 100%, but I would be tickled pink if some updates maybe fixed some of the issues above. 9/10"
,Recommended,413150,30270228,Posted: 1 March,all,Drakoh,its a good game at a great price
76561198006017619,Recommended,413150,30270240,Posted: 1 March,all,cal_aggies,15 dollar game that is superior to many 60 dollar EA or Ubisoft games.
,Recommended,413150,28604662,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Get Spooked,Everytime I launch this game I lose a day of my life
76561198281481321,Recommended,413150,30268097,Posted: 1 March,all,crispy11217,A great game with much more content than expected.  Have still not completed the main story although i am taking my time.
,Recommended,413150,21627029,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mr.Nobody,Ruined my life.12/10.
,Recommended,413150,27962788,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,comealongpond,"This is just a thumbs up from me. Didn´t expect much at the beginning, just a another farm game. But i was totally surprised. bought it recently. almoust  played every day since. Like the pixled grafics and that theres more to do, than just farming. First of you can choose on what land you are gonna put your farm, you can pick between 5 diffrent enviroments. Then you can grow your own stuff, chop wood, mine, slay a few slimes or other monsters, ect. The fact that you can interact with the townspeople is fun and in turn helps you advance in the game. All in all i can totally recomend the game. It´s fun and from what i can thell so far, it won´t get boring any time soon."
,Recommended,413150,21653940,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,eric x boba,"This is everything I've wanted since playing Harvest Moon so many years ago on the N64. This is a brilliant game and I've had a lot of fun playing it so far. I really appreciate the immense amount of work that went into creating this, especially since it was created by ONE person. The creator seems to be very responsive to the people who have bought the game and patches/updates have been coming out FREQUENTLY in the first week.Highly recommend."
76561198064926462,Recommended,413150,23809123,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mr. Mango,"It's a good game, and I understand how everyone would like it, but it didn't click for me. Maybe I just don't like agriculture.I'm still giving it a positive review because it's a fine game, I just personally didn't like it."
,Recommended,413150,27511065,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wungus Bill,Shibby dog
,Recommended,413150,21697906,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TheLoreSeeker,"I'm only through my first Autumn but I have to say, Stardew Valley is the Harvest Moon I've been waiting for.I just want this story to go on and on and on. I hope the creator finds some way to do add-ons or an expansion.Truely an amazingly serine experience. Peaceful idylic countryside for fishing and famring, a town full of generally interesting characters who all live their lives day to day. and combat thrown in there for the adventuring types.11/10 Stars"
,Recommended,413150,28253327,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Astolfo,Harvest moon version 2016
,Recommended,413150,28241889,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Morganess,Simple and nostalgia inducing. Proves that there's more to 2D than meets the eye. I'm hooked!
,Recommended,413150,28104291,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kingpoof,"I have played over 220 hours of this game to give a review.When I first saw the trailer I got curious about the game, and wondered if I would be able to enjoy a game like this. But a friend of mine had convinced me, and so I finally caved in and bought the game. I have no regrets! I really enjoyed walking around and talking to the townsfolk and getting to know them better.  I really enjoyed the dialogues, it had made me laugh so much! It's a lot of fun to wander around in the mines, or to try and collect every fish species. You can also have some farm animals on your farm like cows, pigs, ducks, chickens and rabbits. You can just do so much with this game! I also enjoyed growing the crops, and selling them for a profit. You can grow different kind of crops every season, and with your greenhouse you can grow anything you want (once you've completed one of the quests). The interaction with the villagers and the cutscenes were nice to see, and there are also some special festivities, like finding as many easter eggs as possible during easter..or having a secret santa at christmas.Apparantly there are now 5 different farm maps to choose from, which I haven't done yet, but I will try out a different map soon, since that should be interesting! I have only played the standard map as of now. Anyway, it's very fun and relaxing to play this game, and the music is so cheerfull! (You can also buy the soundtrack; for me it was worth the money, and I also like supporting the developer a bit extra like this). For me this is such a addictive game, as you can see with all the hours I have played it :') It's so easy to just think 'oh, just one more day..then I'll quit..' But then you want to play another day, and another day.Anyway, money well spend I'd say. I highly recommend this game, it's just so much fun!"
,Recommended,413150,28320220,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,CJs,"If you ever enjoyed Harvest Moon, you'll love this game. I dare say it is better than any Harvest Moon series game ever was."
76561198065140016,Recommended,413150,28338485,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,✪ R E T A R D I O,tHIS GAME IS LIFE
,Recommended,413150,28345746,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Shiftyblook,"In 41 hours, I managed to inheret several acres of land, met the love of my life, started a family, upgraded my house and ran a successful farm.Meanwhile in real life I'm two hours away from a deadline, and I've written 86 out of 3000 words.10/10"
76561198081357708,Recommended,413150,27755872,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,spooks,good fun 10/10nice animalsquality farm
,Recommended,413150,27763108,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lionhead,"All the best aspects of Harvest Moon with the added bonus of no partner gender restrictions (which is v important to me), and I could own a cat (which is even more important to me). Highly recommended."
,Recommended,413150,27766465,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Marinara,"Be forewarned this game is addicting, very well made and you will find yourself spending a many hour without realizing where the time has gone.   Concerned Ape has made a beautiful game and his dedication to it even still after its release is amazing.For the amount of time you will most likely spend in this game the price is an absolute steal and I've spent more time playing this game then some 60-80 dollar games I own (some not even finished!).This game is fun alone, can't wait to see how much more fun it will be when he rolls out multiplayer whenever that is!"
,Recommended,413150,27768010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Morning Dotes ONLY,i loves this game!
,Recommended,413150,27920165,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mildhighclub,life on a pixel farm and courting a satan worshiping chick is my idea of fun
76561198075191852,Recommended,413150,27232755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alize,One of the best farming simulators;-complex characters with diverse stories-relaxing gameplay-great soundtrack- so many things for players to do- would 100% recommend
76561198117521383,Recommended,413150,27957700,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DarthCupcake,"Extremely addictive, relaxing, and well worth the price."
76561198000797183,Recommended,413150,28149606,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,damantus,"I have no idea what Harvest Moon is so I have nothing to compare this to. A friend recommended it and at first glance I thought it looked like Phantasy Star meets Farmville. Not really my cup of tea, I am more into action games and shooters. But the glowing reviews and the low price convinced me to give it a shot. I was told there is so much to do, and only so many hours in the day to do it. So I figured sure, why not?!Day 1: Got a quest to introduce myself to some people in town. So I went to town. Met some folks, even got a fishing pole from some salty sailor dude named Willy. Then I got lost in the dark walking home. Could not find my farm for the life of me. Got tired and passed out. Woke up the next morning with a bill from the doctor.Day 2: Got a quest to plant some crops. Planted some parsnips. Then spent some time clearing out rocks and trees on the farm and collapsed from exhaustion. Woke up the next morning with... you guessed it, a bill from the doctor.Since then I have completed several quests, caught a fish, built some storage boxes for my stuff using wood I cleared from my farm, got to level 5 in the mines, and took part in the town Easter Egg hunt. I have not gotten another bill from the doctor.In the short time I have played this I have barely scratched the surface.If I can mine enough copper I can build my own forge. If I kill enough slime in the mines I can be a member of the adventurer's guild. Also got my sights set on getting a chicken coop built, I have the materials for it just gotta save some coin. These are just a few of my short term goals.I can't believe I actually turn on the TV in my farmhouse at night before I go to bed so I can see what the weather will be like the next day.Pick this one up, you won't be able to put it down."
,Recommended,413150,28028503,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bunify,stardew valley is life
,Recommended,413150,28077599,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,khenry330,Very funny farm sim game.It reminds me the time that playing similar Farm simulation game in GBA.the game definely worth to buy even there isn't any discount~!!
,Recommended,413150,29143832,Posted: 9 January,all,The Naniwa Faggot,"I've bought this game during the Steam Winter Sale and I thought I'd give it a shot. Unfortunately, after just 30 minutes in the game I got addicted to it. I don't usually play this kind of games so I'm very positive surprised, that I played 36 hours in just 3 days. Really recommend it if you have time and very little things to take care of (ex. university etc.)"
,Recommended,413150,29149608,Posted: 9 January,all,Foul Gnome,"Intro===============Look out your window. Is it snowing? Is is raining? Is it sunny? Do you not have a window? If you answered yes to any of these, buy this game. This is a terrific game that will suck you in instantly.Pros===============1. Terrific soundscape2. Familiar RPG controls3. Narritive is not rushed, complete at your own pace4. Nice graphics for a pixel-based art style5. Interesting NPC characters, each with their own personalitiesCons================1. No multiplayer, yet2. Can be a bit boring at times, especially if you do not take advantage of daily quests3. Pets are pretty much useless4. Donating ores to the museum yields rather lame ""rewards,"" sometimes5. All work and no play makes Jack a very dull boyTips================1. Fall is the most lucrative season2. Don't waste money on a backpack in the beginning if you manage your inventory space well3. You need four hearts in order to ask someone to dance with you in Spring4. Don't try to plant new seeds less than a week from the season's end, because it will die5. Trial and error is your friend when giving gifts to NPC'sIdeas===============1. I think it would be cool to have the prices in the stores change according to the time of the season.  Seeds may be cheaper to buy closer to the end of the season and maybe sold in bundles in the beginning of the season.2. It would be cool if you could have house parties with NPC's3. A reputation bar that could reward good behaviors and create conflict for behavior that isn't beneficial for the town or others.Conclusion================A very fin game to play when under the weather, snowed in, or want to relax. Inspired from games like Harvest Moon, Terraria, and Minecraft, this game has it all. Amazing work, considering is was done by one person. Can't wait for the next update!"
76561198202311087,Recommended,413150,29151555,Posted: 9 January,all,Auntie Dragon,"Do you love to garden but are trapped inside for winter? Buy Stardew Valley.Do you think ""yeah, the main game is fun, BUT THE MINIGAMES!!"" Buy Stardew Valley.Do you sim by focusing on a specific game aspect with laser-like intensity?Or perhaps try a little of everything until you are completely lost and uncertain of what to do next? Either way, buy Stardew Valley.Lovely soundtrack? Check. Re-playability? Check. ""Plug-n-play"" simplicity with stradegy elements to keep you engaged? Check. A hoppin' small-town saloon filled with the usual crowd? Check. Puzzles, hording, secrets, treasure, crops, etc.? Check. So many checks. All the checks.There isn't likely anything left unsaid about this tremendous little game of warm-fuzzies, cute cows, rainy fishing days and annoying slimes. However, as I've logged an obcene number of hours since I bought it a few months ago, I figured I'd say my bit all the same. When I haven't been playing, I've been making spreadsheets and planning my farm on graph paper. Am I a huge nerd? Yes. Does that change the fact that I think it would be the rare gamer indeed who wouldn't deeply love this game?No, sir. It does not."
,Recommended,413150,29088130,Posted: 7 January,all,Strider,"i just got this game. i was doing well, earning money, planting crops, etc. and then summer came and ♥♥♥♥ed me in the♥♥♥♥♥10/10"
76561198063670140,Recommended,413150,21765074,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Empi,STARDEW OR LIFECant even stop playing this game.Not recommend for people who alive.
,Recommended,413150,22238877,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SpringsSong,"When I first saw this game, I wondered how I hadn't seen anything about it sooner.  I love Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing, and to have a game like those to play on the computer is wonderful.  The music is beautiful, the art style is gorgeous, and the game is overall very soothing.  Even my husband, who isn't normally into these kinds of games, has purchased a copy and is thoroughly enjoying it."
,Recommended,413150,22242816,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,lolaway,Is good but addicting.Would recommend for anyone looking for a causal game to play with a good amount of free time due to how addictive it is.
76561198117938960,Recommended,413150,22246477,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Mad Animator,"> Gives best girl some quartz from the mine> ""Oh man, thank you so much! I'm starving!""10/10 would marry rock-eating Abby again"
,Recommended,413150,22091101,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,A Rather Festive Saggybuttcheeks,Literally the most relaxing game ever
,Recommended,413150,22115687,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,snuggie,-Be me-Get farm from grandpa-grow parsnips-Find Leah-Give her salad-marry her-have kids-enjoy life10/10
76561198053834335,Recommended,413150,22121799,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bad Wolf,"Really addicticve game, if you loved Harvest Moon then you will love this, basically the same game with a different name, hours of fun.the only thing i dont like is the fishing mini-game, there must be an easier way to reel in the fish, the mini game is impossible!!!"
,Recommended,413150,22131128,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Vantado,"I've been delaying writing a review of this game because I wanted to give it the full attention that it deserves. So that's delayed me from writing anything because to truly explain how impressed with this game I've been and how enjoyable it's been would take forever... to sum it up; before this game came out, I hadn't been so excited for a games release since I was a kid and I found out about the release of Harvest Moon SNES in the Nintendo Magazine. The hype slowly dwindled with each predecessor with a few occasional gems - but more recently all the new farming sim games have been shells of the past great games. Stardew Valley promised a lot, and it delivered a lot. Its pre-release hype, for me, matched the level of satisfaction that I got out of playing the game.Pros:Graphics - reminiscent of the HM for SNES but blended perfectly with the new indie style used in similar games.Music - great sound trackStoryline - enough to make sense, quiet enough to let you do what you wantFarming – Brilliant execution, diversity of crops, diversity of livestockCrafting – amazing idea to include an HM style game and executed very wellSide Stories – Really great moments that bring life to the townSame-Sex Marriage – Long time HM fans of the LGBTQ variety (and allies) have literally been begging Natsume to include this and our voices never heardMisc. – Fishing, Mining, Questing, plenty to keep you busy and keep you creating your own adventuresCons (though despite existing I should still point out I find the game near-perfect):Tutorial – For me this wasn’t an issue but for friends that I got into the game, they found the game a bit difficult to get into and came to me occasionally for help.Festivals – I like the festivals (concerned ape I swear I do you did great overall!) but I felt that they were lacking a little bit of depth – maybe varying the prizes from year to year or something, not sure what the solution would have been.Random Events – would have liked more random events, but not a huge deal.Crafting – I love the crafting system, but by the end of the second year, I wanted more new recipes to pop upOverall this game is a 10/10 for me. I recommend it to anyone that loves this genre and anyone that loves a good indie game. It’s for the die-hard fans and it’s for the new entries. Concerned Ape is amazing and I’d drink any koolaid he told me to drink. This game, and CA’s attention to rapid updates at the initial release, is a testament to what a dedicated developer who cares about the genre and the community can do. So hats off to Concerned Ape and a huge congratulations, you’re amazing, this game is amazing, never change."
,Recommended,413150,22134320,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,jacob814,"This game is amazing. From the never ending content, the beautiful music, to the very well thought out story, this is a great game. This game beats harvest moon by a mile. Try this game, it is only 15$!"
76561198071489948,Recommended,413150,22637009,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kazimir The Soviet Cat,"I play this game because people acutally like me there, and steve harvey is my spirit animal."
,Recommended,413150,25677580,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,kdog12,Great Game hope we get Multiplayer
,Recommended,413150,25712920,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,mnomaha,"I absolutely love this game.  Almost 40 hours in and I can't seem to stop.  Like another reviewer said, this game is charming.   There is always something to do, from farming to dungeon crawling.  Just buy it.  You'll like it."
,Recommended,413150,21515205,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Gherkin,"If you want a game that provides an experience like Harvest Moon/Bokujo Monogatari/Story of Seasons, get this game. Not only does it capture the basic atmosphere of the classic farming games, it improves upon them and creates its own precedent and stands out from other available farming/rpgs.Since Concerned Ape is the only person working on the inner-workings of this project, there are a small amount of bugs that have effected other players, but I have encountered no game-breaking glitches or errors."
76561198131104209,Recommended,413150,21516250,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SnowFoe,"Yes, I love it, it's deep, intricate, detailed, and nostalgic for all the Harvest Moon players. I'm only seven hours in and I love it and I feel like I could spend forever playing it. I completely reccomend this game to anyone looking for a game that could last forever, with hour upon hours of enjoyment. So much credit to the creator of this, it's an amazing game, and the fact you did it yourself speaks volumes for your abilities as a game developer. I look forward to your future work, great job on this."
76561198089978513,Recommended,413150,21530753,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Eethal,"Stardew Valley is a love child between Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing.Need I say more?I have been playing this game for a little over 7 hours as of right now, and I have only scratched the surface.Activities:FishingFarmingForagingMiningMonster FightingFestivals/Town ActivitiesAnimal HerdingCustomise Your HouseRomanceQUIT MAKING EXCUSES AND BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,413150,21822470,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Loekes,"Absolutely brilliant game! There's so much to do: mining, farming, cooking, fishing, making friends, starting a family... 10/10, if you haven't bought it yet, buy it now!"
,Recommended,413150,21824598,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Wise Guy,"nice little game, normally off playing more action pack games so nice to relax with this game, dont get me wrong this game has action to it. this game simple to play but really gets u drawn into it and you can't stop playing. i built a home, had a faimly. upgraded house fully. decided time to rearrange furniture just to have wife mistake moving chair as feeding her chair. SHE ATE MY CHAIR! then claimed it was delicious! 10/10 would feed her a chair again. i love this game"
,Recommended,413150,21828417,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dreadnaughty,"What made me wanna buy this review is this, at 46 seconds  on the first trailer the player makes sweet sweet love to a goat. If there is one thing i've been looking for in a video game its goat love."
,Recommended,413150,21831179,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,quidgy,I've owned this game for two days and played 16 hours.
,Recommended,413150,21517128,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hayoungie,"For only 15usd, Stardew Valley sure packs a lot of content. For me, I would say SV is better than Harvest moon and worse than Rune Factory in many ways regardless of pricing. Town characters are lively, art style is cute and engaging, interesting farming with loads of crop varieties and ways to manage your crops that are never before seen in other farming games. All these are only some of the examples of what good things SV can offer you. Despite the game's many upsides, SV still feels like a game that needs more development and polishing compared to the superior Rune Factory 4. Rune Factory 4 gave players the extra mile to go with much more complexity. For example, complex farming systems with crops qualities and soil managing. Dungeon crawling and combat feels sloppy and stale in SV compared to Rune Factory 4 which had bosses and a great story behind it. Stardew Valley is around 5 times cheaper than Rune Factory 4 and SV was developed by only one person, the game is still packed with interesting content.  SV is a great game and a must buy for any farming simulator fans out there.PS : I've played the game for around 15 hours by the time i wrote this review. I've been playing the game offline so Steam didn't count my hours."
,Recommended,413150,21527229,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,justHaze,"As a Harvest Moon fan, this game is exactly what I wanted and more.  So many elements from those games, and then some.  Pick this up!"
,Recommended,413150,21542220,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,🐬💣,oh god how is it 4 am already
,Recommended,413150,21557876,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ChIll Brother,"If I were you (who are reading this thinking whether you should buy this game or not), I'd buy this game just for the fact that the developer is such a cool guy. He deserves your money. Actually, you're morally obliged to buy it. So do it. Now."
,Recommended,413150,21559403,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,kanin,Mayor Lewis gives a quest to find his purple shortsFind his shorts in Marnie's locked roomTfw you realize they were sex-friendsTfw your dead grandpa's best friend just asked you to recover his crusty boxers10/10 would buy one of Marnie's ♥♥♥♥♥ using embezzled reward money again
,Recommended,413150,21559593,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Goonak,Goonak approved game.
,Recommended,413150,21560410,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Lizzie B,"Did you like Harvest Moon? You'll like this. You might even love it, given all it adds on top of that formula. The game doesn't really have a ""win"" condition but there are tons of goals to strive for so you never get stuck having to find your own reason to play. At the same time, you can totally ignore those goals if you want. Want to spend most of your time working on your crops? Do it! Rather dive to the depths of the mine and destroy countless slimes and bugs? Go for it! Deeply concerned with making Sebastian come out of his room and talk to you? ... I dunno actually, good luck on that I guess.For those, like me, who care about these things: You can pick your gender between male and female, there are a variety of skin tones to pick from, and you CAN have a same-sex romance with ANY of the available romantic options.On top of all this, the dev seems really invested in continuing to polish the game and even add features. But even just as-is, it's totally worth it. Would multiplayer in the future be awesome? Hell yeah it would. But if we never get it, this game is still the bees knees. So just get it already."
,Recommended,413150,21491611,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DJPimpDaddy,Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck yeah/
,Recommended,413150,21502289,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Coji,"Please help I can't stop playing, it's so addicting!"
76561198061584869,Recommended,413150,21749707,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Will527,Great game. Cheap price. Weeks of entertainment. High replayability.
76561198065451359,Recommended,413150,21760169,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Britney Lee,"This game has all the best things of the Harvest Moon games rolled into a beautiful, highly addictive bundle. I have played hour after hour loosing myself in its calming game play. All of the characters are unique and memorable.  I've enjoyed this game so much that I have bought it for other people so that they can too experience it. Thank you so much for making such a wonderful game. :)"
,Recommended,413150,21760613,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Slappington,"The truest homage to Harvest Moon that could be imagined. Possibly, I dare say, a step up from it. It has been everything I wanted and more, and I haven't even finished my first year yet. Worth every single cent."
,Recommended,413150,21778378,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,FruBerry!~,"This game is lowering my GPA, so its good. Recommend 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21782532,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Hoob,"All my life I have dreamed of the day when I can cast my old life behind and take the opportunity to immerse myself in the life of a virtual farmer, farming on a virtual farm. Stardew Valley has enabled me to live my dreams in a way I never thought possible. I am no longer concerned with my corporeal form, every waking moment I have dedicated myself to managing my farm, tending to my livestock, smashing rocks, and totally obliterating every other citizen in the field of fishing. But be warned, this is NOT a game for city-slickers. Only those who truly believe in the spirit of the farm may find the true, everlasting bliss which Stardew Valley has to offer.I am this farm now, in blood and in spirit."
76561197971829843,Recommended,413150,21612147,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The Gunslinger,If you are looking for a Harvest Moon style game for the PC this is it and then some.
,Recommended,413150,21612850,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ggqf,"It's a wonderful game. You can plant fields of crops, grow trees, mine rocks, slaughter monsters, and raise farm animals.I like to name my farm animals after my friends, then if they upset me i just sell them so I don't have to deal with them any longer."
,Recommended,413150,21577738,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sercerfer,This game brings back all the good feels I had when I played Harvest Moon 64 and Animal crossing. Truely  a labour of love.
76561198027750613,Recommended,413150,21592539,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,hardcorekyle,Just buy it.
76561197963362535,Recommended,413150,21594185,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Montolio,If you like Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing you will love Stardew Valley. Developer support has been fantastic and attentive.
,Recommended,413150,21701865,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TTTTTT,Awesome game. Nuff said
,Recommended,413150,21723031,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Xrated,The combat and farming is alot more enjoyable then the division.
,Recommended,413150,21737578,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TTHREAZ,"Just one more day. Just one more day. I swear, just one more day."
,Recommended,413150,21737939,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Kyle,I love this game! An easy to learn but hard to master farming-rpg game. Co -op and mods are on there way.
76561198066340699,Recommended,413150,22846679,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,smatha,There's a mouse that sells hats. What more could you want?
,Recommended,413150,22855628,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Grandwizard,This game is like a box of chocolates. You never know which♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥will work on your farm. Also Hailey won't let me smash after 21 hours of gameplay....
76561198094391666,Recommended,413150,22666008,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ッMoejoeッ,An amazing game you should get it now!
76561198105549533,Recommended,413150,22807575,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Centari Alpha,"This game is a gem, I've been playing non-stop for the last week and I might fail this semester because of it.Overwatch open beta just came out, and Patch 6.9 just released for LoL and I still want to play this game over the other two.The subtlies are what make this game beautiful, the amount of little quirks here and there will leaving you thinking ""oh, that was cool."" The overall atmosphere of the game is enticing at its very core. Stardew Vally brings you into its town, the various characters you meet are very unique and multidementional (pretty suprising for a game with only 2 dimentions, Ha.) For fans of the Harvest Moon series, this is the next level. I've made some pretty decent progress and honestly I don't find myself wanting to stop playing at all.Everything in this game is so satisfying, from the end of a hard days of work to the sounds that items make when you pick them up. If you want to escape the general stresses of your day to day routine in real life, take a bus ride to stardew vally and don't fix the bus, you won't want to come back. (you'll understand later)"
,Recommended,413150,25719862,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kimilinni,I bought this game but didn't actually get to play it for awhile because I forgot about it. . . Then one day I decided I would play it and I couldn't stop. I played for hours. I forgot to eat because I got so wrapped up in it. I went to bed late and ran on little hours for work the next day. But I love it so much. I don't see where there is any downfall for this game. I think this is an amazing game 12/10 would play again.
,Recommended,413150,23880488,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Andres,10/1O ign
76561198310958374,Recommended,413150,23881248,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GenieBeenie,"Make sure to carve out some extra time to spend in Stardew Valley.There is literally always something to do either on the farm, in the mines or around town. Tired of farming? Work on your fishing skills. Can't stand fishing? Chat up some of the villagers. That cute villager you had your eye on shot you down? Take it out on the mobs down in the mine while you look for gems and ores to soothe your hurt feelings. This game offers something for just about everyone, and you'll have to work pretty hard to get through all the content before the next major update.  Just go buy it already!!!"
,Recommended,413150,23804505,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,gRIFFIN,"This game is great. It actually isint for some people. You start off with a VERY bad farm but YOU decide if it becomes a great home,or a tragick end to your farm. Ill be honest it is a grind but its a fun grind. Here are the Pros/CondPROSGood conceptMany Npc'sLOTS of Content:played for 3 hours and barely scratched 1%Pretty CheapConsLong GrindHard In the beginningThats it.Hope you found tgis reveiw helpful and helped you make a decision to buy this game"
76561198130639828,Recommended,413150,23624423,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Just_A_Guy101,If you ever want a game where you can just make a ruined area into a giant farming empire this is the game you will want to play.10/10 Would farm again
,Recommended,413150,23717449,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SuperSpud,Went to dance and got turned down by every girl.10/10 would dance alone again
,Recommended,413150,23730103,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,#LetGeraldSit,"This game is absolutely wonderful, it is always full of things to do and explore! I can't wait until Stardew becomes a multiplayer game!"
76561198020231125,Recommended,413150,23745738,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Cupcake,"Amazing and beautifully crafted game. Extremely relaxing but also entertaining without being mindless. The creator also has plans for the game that I am super excited about. All in all, a fantastic game that is impossible to hate. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,24985512,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Starman45FTW,"Everybody gives this game constant praise! Do you know what!? I'm going to announce ALL my problems with it!!1. Sometimes I can't cut something down properly cause I'm not clicking on the right square.2. Upgraded watering cans/hoes are hard to use.3. Glitch where I haven't given a villager a gift that day, and when I do, it says I did, but it dissappears from my inventory and I don't get their reaction.4. Sometimes my hand slips on the scroll wheel and I accedentially give a person a gift they hate.5. Which reminds me, after two years, no one would dance with me at the Flower Dance.6. Not to mention it's probably some of the only dances I went to in my life.7. People like Sebastian and Haley don't remember my name. Not to mention Haley and Leah say I am ""stronger than I look"" despite handling farm equipment every day.8. I thought The Mines were difficult enough until I discovered the Skull Cavern which made the The Mines look like a playground.9. This Mr. Qi person is a♥♥♥♥♥♥cause he constantly wants me to bring him stuff out of season.10. IRIDIUM ORE IS TOO ♥♥♥♥ING RARE!!11. Demetrius basically goes sinister black guy by threatening me not to go out with his daugther.12. I'm depressed my farm will never look as cool as others or even those in the trailer.13. All my animals hate me.14. Even my cat. I know this cause I turned down the one from Marnie and there's no way to get him back.15. Everything from Farm Buildings, Swords, Fishing Rods and even TREE SAPLINGS cost WAAAAAAY too much money.16. I NEED LOTS MORE MONEY!!17. Journey of the Prarie King and Junimo Kart are sins and should be banned for their difficulty.18. I can't find these stupid Dwarf Scrolls that are essential for commmuticating with a dwarf.19. Krobus plz luv me.20. THERE IS A MOTHER F-ING WIZARD OH MAH GAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!21. I refuse to have my character marry anyone so he can experience the crippling loneliness and depression I feel in real life.22. oh god waht am i doing with my life? ಥ_ಥ23. I have 70 hours on this, ignored all my Steam ""friends"" who hate me and I have no intention to stop.In conclusion DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME!! If you have any social life, productive mindset, self-esteem and/or any overall appreciation for the life you've been given, STAY AWAY! Now if you'll excuse me, I am going to go cry in the corner in shame with my laptop, empowering the demon within me known as Starshine Farm and contemplating what I've done in my pathetic existance that's led me to this point.I need Jesus man..."
76561198061173510,Recommended,413150,27017230,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shoque,"Stardew Valley seems to be everything Harvest Moon is and everything I wish it would be. If you're still on the fence about buying it, do it! Then you can load your farm up with more fences to sit on*.*See list of cons below.I'd recommend you move there today!Pros:Farming, Simplistic Fighting, Mining, Crafting, FishingInteresting festivals and towns peopleLocal JoJa Mart for all your shopping needs!!Relationships and MarriageCalming MusicDesign your farm the way you want itA few properties (farm maps) to choose fromNot a single Vacuum Salesman has ever knocked on my door thereCons:Constant reminder of what your life isn'tA lot to read up on if you want the most out of itI think there's a monster that lives in the sewer hereLocal ordinance apparently forbids sitting on fences in the valley, can't sit on fencesCan't paint my fenceMy fence has degraded because I'm too cheap to pay the evil witchGet off the fence and buy it already!"
76561198097443276,Recommended,413150,27024390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,╬✌Zephyr✌╬,"Overall this is one of the most entertaining games I have ever played. It's fun, simple, and a great way to relax or calm down when you need it. Cannot wait to see the updates to the game in the future. Hope someone picks up on this idea and somehow comes out with an MMO just like this game!"
,Recommended,413150,27024428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Star Guardian,Easily one of the most fun games of 2016^
,Recommended,413150,27031515,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WarmWarmthWarmer,This game is awesome as yoda.-Coco
,Recommended,413150,27759120,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EpicBazooka,"""Farm games are bad"" that was me before playing this game"
,Recommended,413150,27767332,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,henjonith,This game is absolutely amazing! There is so much content in this game that you won't ever get bored of it and it has a lot of replay value in it as well. So stop looking in the reviews and buy it and experience it yourself!
,Recommended,413150,27868554,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The_First_Brownie,"What can I say that hasn't been said before....Nothing really except that it manages to hit and satisfy my most important feeling, namely the 'just one more time/roud/game' feeling.I have already spent countless hours in the game and will no doubt spend a lot more in it in order to get all the achievements. Why?Because it is simply just that damn good.Now, that doesn't mean that the game is perfect. I wish they would add a few more trackers or statistics, for instance allowing you to see how much of one crop you have shipped or how much exp you are missing to the next level in fishing. Another thing would be to give you the description of what specialisation you have chosen for your skills at level 5 when you reach level 10. I had no idea what my first choices were and had to google it to find out.But in all earnest, this is a fantastic game. If you are a price-to-value person, this game will appeal to you. If you like optimasation, farming, exploring, slight rpg elements, fishing or just want to play the modern day equivalent to Harvest Moon, then do yourself a favour and GET THIS GAME."
76561198007486088,Recommended,413150,29076489,Posted: 6 January,all,Draklo,good game much addiction
76561198079077871,Recommended,413150,29076669,Posted: 6 January,all,salaam,Game just makes you feel happy.
64646464646464646,Recommended,413150,29099270,Posted: 7 January,all,John Cena,is good
76561198314661042,Recommended,413150,28246293,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,bereved,"Stardew Valley is the video game equivalent of Bob Ross videos. After weeks of high stress from school, I bought this game last weekend. I've played a lot over the last few days and I've never been less stressed. When I play it I can feel my heart rate slowing down. Incredibly fun, intuitive, complex, and heartwarming. A feel-good game. 9/10"
,Recommended,413150,28585772,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,itsamebri,Love this game. I have procrastinated so much of my life away playing this game. Do I regret it? No.
76561197997036593,Recommended,413150,28589328,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,de_fire,This game is so relaxing to play.
,Recommended,413150,28607132,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Elaments4,Extremely refreshing simple concept of a game that feels like so much more as you play it. 10/10 would grow potatoes again.
,Recommended,413150,29210857,Posted: 12 January,all,shinygizmo,"Great game and I love it, would recommend to anyone."
76561198329636411,Recommended,413150,29135028,Posted: 8 January,all,zavrielloran42,"This game screamed to me in ways I wish the rest of my life had before now. It's inspiring, and a good way to loose track of time. With simple controls and an easy-going pace, it's a great game to relax to after you come home from that job you hate and are ready to forget your sorrows."
,Recommended,413150,29238311,Posted: 13 January,all,OmicronEXE,It's everything I wish the last several Harvest Moon games were.
,Recommended,413150,29240278,Posted: 13 January,all,im using tilt controls,"This game is truly one of my favorites... There is a lot you can do, Yes it is repetitive but i still find so many interesting things to do... Hopefully they will keep updating this game and throw new content like they have been doing..."
,Recommended,413150,29263426,Posted: 14 January,all,Will,I was forced without internet for 2 weeks i had downloaded this the day before i left. i have over 50 hours in game although my steam profile seems to disagree. I used this game as an escape from the internetless house i stayed in. I love this game it allows me to live my life in a computer. I really reccomend this game if you enjoy farming sims and if you need to escape from a dull occurance in your real life. Enjoy!!!
76561197974399041,Recommended,413150,29264816,Posted: 14 January,all,Changhoon,Time flies like I'm in a time machine.Do not purchase if you value your daily life.
,Recommended,413150,28861368,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Pyke,"My schedule with this game:Wake upPlay Stardew ValleyEat while playing Stardew ValleyGo to bedDream of Stardew Valley------------------------------------------Aside from that, 48 hours in a week already made the game well worth its money. My life in the game looks 10x more promising than my real life already seeing as I wifed someone in 3 seasons and don't have to pay taxes. The only downside to buying this game is the fact that you will spend at least 10% of your life playing it; you'll then realize how much more pitiful and useless you are in real life compared to your productive self in-game and generate an urge to live out your life in-game more than your actual life. Also, if people who pirate this game end up buying it then there must be something to look forward to.11/10 If Skyrim had a distant relative that lived by themself on a farm, this'd be it."
,Recommended,413150,28893573,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Schwifty,How do you stop playing this game? Its been a year and I still cant. Send halp
,Recommended,413150,28895397,Posted: 1 January,all,KingSnowbird,Best game ever.
76561198129828850,Recommended,413150,28895736,Posted: 1 January,all,Y0uRM0M,Time killing game 10/10
,Recommended,413150,28913539,Posted: 1 January,all,hawkxninja,I bought the game because I thought it was something decent to run on my laptop..I played it all day and stayed up the whole night playing it.One of the most addicting games i've played.
76561198208459437,Recommended,413150,28919546,Posted: 1 January,all,EvolvedRage,Very fun game to pass time when bored. You can easily sink hours into it without even noticing.
76561197972789191,Recommended,413150,28774719,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[HOWL] Impyral,"10/10If you're a fan of Harvest Moon, this is a must buy.One of the single best games of 2016.  Stardew Valley is a vibrant, engaging, and satisfying masterpiece.  So much love and care has gone into every little detail.  The music is sublime.  This game will stick with you long after you have to go to school, work, or bed.Cannot. Recommend. Enough."
,Recommended,413150,26851639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Huakirahi,"Highly RecommendedStardew Valley iswonderful. A charming labor of love created over several years by one man, this is a true indie game. A spiritual successor to the old Harvest Moon games, spiced up with more advanced mechanics and gorgeous retro bit-style visual, Stardew Valley is truly a pleasure to play. If you grew up being a fan of the Harvest Moon series, you simply need to play this game. If you have no idea what Harvest Moon is, you also need to play this game. Well worth the modest price tag. This is easily one of the best games of 2016."
,Recommended,413150,26866079,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AVarietyOfGrant,"This game is a quiet relaxing little gem that you can always come back to, but often you'll forget where you left off at, don't let that throw you off though, it's just as easy to pick back up.I'd recommend this for the lazy sunday afternoons when there's nothing to do, and there's nothing good on TV, not to say this game is boring mind, it's very entertaining, especially if you like games such as Harvest Moon, with a little RPG thrown in there with stats, stamina and health bars."
76561198044911943,Recommended,413150,26866630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gaylord29 PALMS,I want the badge for the steam awards so here you go. Great game doe low key.
76561198083652495,Recommended,413150,26872060,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChewyCs,Excellent game in reminescence of Harvest Moon.
,Recommended,413150,26875693,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Konis,"Great little game, kept me entertained for quite some hours.Will defo be giving it another go once Multiplayer officially comes out =D"
,Recommended,413150,26850647,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[NinBlu] Thanatos,It's a pretty chill game that helps one chill. I heartily reccomend it.
,Recommended,413150,26808315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gariot,Harvest Moon on steroids! MUST HAVE! Go get it! Why are you still reading that Review?!
,Recommended,413150,26996761,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Amerakee,A very enjoyable game to play through. Easy going but challenging where it matters. Interesting characters and relaxing gameplay. Would recommend!
76561198213248951,Recommended,413150,27009487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Amazing Dragan,GG
,Recommended,413150,27047012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nahu,"A fantastic spiritual successor to that one other farm life sim game. You can tell it was a labor of love from someone who cared deeply about the game. There's no design by committee here, the game bleeds passion. It's so far above all other games in the genre that it's hard to think of how a sequel would improve on it, even though I really hope it one day gets one."
,Recommended,413150,26939890,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XxCoolGamesxX,Lovely game. Would definitely buy if you want to relax and unwind. :)
76561198063405555,Recommended,413150,26955888,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Amidamaru,Went to grandfathers farmGave everyone mayonnaise till they loved me.Kissed every bachelorette in village.Got married.Had two kids.Became rich.Became richer.Became so rich my children won't be farmers.They will live in the city and i will leave my farm to my grandchildren when i die10/10 would mayonnaise everyone again
,Recommended,413150,27071583,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gnus78,Harvest Moon meets Life Simulator = very fun
,Recommended,413150,32539287,Posted: 18 June,all,Pinkamina Diane Pie,"Everything everyone has said about how soothing and relaxing this game is is correct.  It's also a lot of fun when you feel like going for an adventure down in the mines.  No matter how long its been since I've played, I can always sit down and enjoy just a couple of days on the farm and forget the real world."
,Recommended,413150,27245979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Koji Colnair,"Better than any of the recent harvest moons, thats for sure."
,Recommended,413150,32904228,Posted: 27 June,all,Peridiotic,"I have prior experience with Stardew Valley before I bought it here on Steam, so I can say without a doubt that this game is very very good. It's surprisingly addictive in its very simple nature. The game is about you inheriting a farm and taking care of said farm. I don't think I need to state just how much I appreciate how simple this game is, simple in execution, simple in music, simple in everything, and yet the game is still good. We need more games like this to remind us that sometimes, complexity isn't everything."
76561198020393817,Recommended,413150,28022031,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nocturok,"I love the Harvest Moon games, so when I first heard about Stardew Valley, I knew I would be getting it.  And it has been the main game I've played since I got it.  My friends have even teased me because that is all they see me play.  (in the one friend's defense, I used to tease him for always playing Magic Online, so I suppose it is fair.)As for a review, it realy comes down to one question.  Do you like the Harvest Moon games?  Because if you do, you will probably like Stardew Valley.  If not, then you probably won't.  I would say it is maybe even better, but that is purely a matter of opinion.  In fact the only thing I don't like about it is the fishing, and that is mostly because I'm not that good at it.  I've gotten better though and it has become a bit more enjoyable.  Otherwise I'm enjoying everything about it.  Even after completing the main questline (Grandpa ""returns"" after 2 years and evaluates how you did.) I am stil finding plenty more to do, and with the new maps and building added in 1.1, I think I will be playing for quite a while."
,Recommended,413150,28819525,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Brendan James Fraser,+Learned how to makle mayonaise-Could not eat itoverall: A Perfect 5/7
,Recommended,413150,32899958,Posted: 27 June,all,Merino,"No other farming game comes close to this. Harvest Moon may be similar, but I enjoy being able to woo a person without the rivalry of other characters, nor the urgency to HAVE to have chickens and cows etc. This game is relaxing and suprising in its little ways. The humour in it is cute, the storyline is simple, and the characters are great to get to know.My only complaint is the fishing skill, as it acts as a mini-game in a way when you are fishing. It is not easy to do at all, or you are somehow an instant pro at it. If Stardew Valley had a few more mini-gmes in it to make up for the difficult fishing one, I would forgive it.The festivals I always look forward to, and it is great to see your farm expand and develop over time, however long it takes you."
,Recommended,413150,32883914,Posted: 27 June,all,[Rewards.gg] Joseph,Great Game
76561198016504335,Recommended,413150,32907131,Posted: 27 June,all,ShadyMofo86,Dear god this thing is addictive. If you like harvest moon and wanted some dungeon splunking addeed in well this game is for you.
76561198023859269,Recommended,413150,21589119,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Inferno1200,It's like animal crossing except the frabric of time has come undone.
76561198112610719,Recommended,413150,32908756,Posted: 27 June,all,erraticsammy,i cant start to say how cool this game is.
76561198109804592,Recommended,413150,27184607,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kairim,One of the best farming games. Reminds me of the good times I have had with Harvest Moon. Definetely recomend this one.
,Recommended,413150,32862646,Posted: 27 June,all,InsertBrainPlease,The most calming game ever made !11/10
76561198042938514,Recommended,413150,32905916,Posted: 27 June,all,shineonharvestmoon,"Takes me back to Harvest Moon, which obviously is one of my favorites!"
,Recommended,413150,21669287,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,RaduPhantom,Pros:*Great atmosphere*Endless amount of things to do*Cool story*Sick soundtrack*Dating*Searching through people's trash*Drugs?*FARMING*MONSTERSCons:*can't marry the wizard9.999/10
,Recommended,413150,26949498,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kakotan2143,This game is fun and enjoyable for all ages. You can play it casually or not. That is why i enjoy it !
,Recommended,413150,32821865,Posted: 26 June,all,FuelSEAL,"holy cow!!!I play mostly FPS game, Action, RPG with high res graphic... 3000 hours in Battlefield 4, 2000 hours in Battlefield 3, and more to come from Battlefield 1YET !!!This game suck up my ONLY entire weekend time to play game, due to busy of jobs etc.damn you Eric Barone. You're effing good.I cannot even believe myself that I can get stucked happily and my curiousity entertained in this crappy looking game.It brings all my childhood memory of playing old school RPG game's Side Jobs such as cooking, fishing, farming, mining etc. And all of these are combined within very interesting story line.Note that this game is from indie dev, but not from those big publishers that only care about profit. And all of this is done by ONLY 1 person !!!Big support for these kind of game developer."
,Recommended,413150,22920935,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Kronalord,"I reccomend this game if your willing to give all (PLZ HELP I HAVE STUFF TO DO) your free time to it because once you start you cant stop my motto for this game is ""help me"" I mean keep farming"
,Recommended,413150,32874663,Posted: 27 June,all,acorn,Love it!
,Recommended,413150,32873603,Posted: 27 June,all,Krypteou,"This game is a lot of fun. Combines adventure, story and farming into one. Once I figured out how to play, spend many hours enjoying this game."
,Recommended,413150,26725795,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cat(amaine)y,"I've played many farming games, but this one is definitely the best. Out of Harvest Moon, Story of Seasons, and Stardew Valley, I would definitely choose Stardew Valley. It's beautiful, has an addictingly-beautiful soundtrack, and most importantly has an amazing dev who consistently releases amazing updates. I'd make this review longer, but the thing is, I can't think of any major cons to point out. Just do yourself a favour and buy this game - It's worth the money."
,Recommended,413150,27074235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LostInStatic,I do recommend it very fun life sim and oh wait i need to do this for a badge
76561197993399826,Recommended,413150,27283254,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tode[BTC],"A great little game, farming sim light, adventure game, RPG, dating sim all rolled into one. Most often compared to Harvest Moon, but also similar to games such as Animal Crossing or even some early JRPGs. Absolutely worth playing Stardew Valley if these are your types of jam. Overall I place it at 85/100.So as mentioned this is primarily a light farming sim game mixed with some RPG/adventure elements. You start the game off with naught but a overgrown field, a small shack for a house, and a few crappy tools. With some work, money making, and resource gathering you can upgrade all these, making you into a wealthy farming Kingpin.  But there is more to do than just farming, you can also fish, go monster hunting, mine, and make relationships with the townfolk. Most, if not everything, revolves around gathering resources and upgrading your stuff however. Which is all well done and very much induces the ""Just one more turn"" syndrome.Graphically the game is a retro throwback of pixel art, while not overly detailed, is still well done. The music is also well done and very fitting for the game, but does tend to get repetitive after awhile. This is easily turned off in the options and allows you to play some of your own music in another player if you want.There are a few little gripes here and there, mostly revolving around some overly repetitive actions that I wish you could just combine and save yourself some real world time. As it is now you have to wait for in game animations everyime you do some actions, one at a time, and later in the game when you have a large amount of items to process this can be quite annoying.Also there really is no ""End Game"" scenario. Once you get to a point of being done and having done everything in the game, it just continues on. There are some acheivements that require a large amount of resources to gather and if you are looking to finish those it really turns into a repetitive slog, waiting for those resources to roll in. But this also takes probably a good 60 - 100 hours of playtime to reach this point, depending how fluent you are in the games mechanics and how much you want to min/max them.After this point, however, there is some replayability to the game. Recently the game saw a decent sized patch that added in different land plots to start with for your farm, and added in more marriage options for your character. So if you want to explore those options, theres a reason to start a new game.Again, overall a great little game. More impressive since, from what I understand, it is only a 1 person development game. Well worth the time and money."
,Recommended,413150,27310045,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Teragat,Some fine animals.
,Recommended,413150,27524517,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Banter Bear,Always been my dream to grow potatoes.10/10 would potato again.
,Recommended,413150,26963523,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dreamcircuit,This is the one of the happiest and most relaxing games I've ever played. It definitely helped me through my boring recovery from a head injury when I wasn't able to play anything more fast paced.
76561197988602019,Recommended,413150,27232943,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord Cluttermonkey,"Like ""Harvest Moon"" but better, in every way."
,Recommended,413150,28852104,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheOnlyNoll,"Amazing game, I have found no bugs personally and always something I can come home from work and play for six hours instead of sleep and regret nothing"
,Recommended,413150,28855163,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DUST 2 REEEEEEEEEE,Cool game
,Recommended,413150,28817106,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,{iSuk} Brocid3n,After playing this game through the first (in game) year i can say that this has been one of my better purchases on steam.11/10 would farm again
,Recommended,413150,28583044,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sunnytsdg,the game is funThe story is interestingalso love the arts
,Recommended,413150,28590682,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mecha Techno Cat,"Bought this game when it came out and I have to say it is well worth the money. If you are looking for a game that is relaxing and also pose a small challenage, then this game is for you. The music of this game is really great, the selection of people to marry is good also and even with the new updates of the different farms you can have is really cool also."
,Recommended,413150,28579169,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Skangel,A must have for everyone who likes Harvest Moon or similar.For whoever wanted to be a farmer once.I really enjoy playing the game.
,Recommended,413150,28642020,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,420 Noscope,"I bought this game about a month ago and so far I have loved it. There are so many things for you to do and I have 30 Hours on the game and I am still not even close to getting bored of it. If you are looking for a casual relaxing game that still has a bit of action, this is the game for you."
76561198292779881,Recommended,413150,27602036,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sim god,i'm only writing this review bc i want a badge but i promise this game is 200% worth it
,Recommended,413150,28628606,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hou-sama,Best farming simulation role-playing video game ever !
,Recommended,413150,29102049,Posted: 7 January,all,angehow,"It's magnificent.I know I'm preaching to the choir here, but this game is unbelievable. I've already played 150 hours, and I can easily see myself playing 150 more."
,Recommended,413150,28247257,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,~G.Goodra~,"I like how calm the game is throughout the different seasons, and how your able to take your time. I also like that you can befriend the towns people and get married. Also, I read somewhere that your friendship has a number, and each heart is 250. (I dont remember what the max was) And I think it would be nice if you were able to see how much friendship you have with said towns person. I think multiplayer would be fun to do, but other than that I think that this is an awesome game. :D"
,Recommended,413150,27896954,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lasver,Stardew Valley has supplied me with a lot of diverse and thoroughly enjoyable gameplay. I'm convinced that anyone who is looking for their next casual game experience will find several hours of entertainment and a new favourite with this title.
,Recommended,413150,27901515,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,rybowl,Great game.
76561197967167974,Recommended,413150,27903813,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,smileyguy4you,"this game rocks, lots of detail and story and so much to complete for the price its tons of hours of gameplay...of course if you enjoy this type of game :)"
,Recommended,413150,28022507,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mangogon,"This game had me up until the wee hours of the morning right before my midterms, and almost resulted in me losing a letter grade in one of my classes. The chicken sprite and gamelpay are great though. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,30210588,Posted: 26 February,all,Infernoqueer,"Stardew Valley is one of my favorite games, and probably is my favorite simulation game. A fun game where you live the life of a character you can customize to the fullest extent, who moves to a small town where you become a farmer, make profit, and make and improve relations with the people of the town. Its that simple. But this game is so charasmatic, and so enjoyable, that you will play this game for hours without realizing it."
,Recommended,413150,21664172,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Warreth,"Everytime I want to stop playing I say to myself: ""At the start of next day I stop and go to sleep."" Only to find myself halfway trough the next day. Every single time.10/10 Truly a masterpiece, best of its kind."
76561198021369920,Recommended,413150,22475007,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Flintgerr,"I can't set it down. I've never liked farming simulator but this one stole my heart because of how much stuff there is to do. There's a ton of mini-objectives to complete, but you can go at your pace and fulfill them in the order you want. You can farm, craft, mine, fight, fish, explore, train and choose career paths, get married, have kids, get involved in town's life, build your farm from scratch.But the best part is that it was made by a single guy. He spent 4 years making this game, learning everything on the run. This person, by his dedication, hard work, investment in his community, and by the quality of his game, should be a role model than every aspiring game dev should look up to."
,Recommended,413150,23163203,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,shakespeareantrash,"I've played so much that I know most things about almost every character. At a glance, they look like stereotypes, but, if you dig a little, you'll be rewarded! Character-rich and adorable, this game's worth every penny."
76561198094352703,Recommended,413150,23173688,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,marku,Over 168 hours in  a few weeks.....
76561198140953241,Recommended,413150,30214274,Posted: 26 February,all,VA_Juggernaut,"This game is awesome, really addictive and stress inducing at the same time.  Theres just not enough hours in the day.  Overall great game, can[t wait for multiplayer."
76561198263089628,Recommended,413150,28448046,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,CrazyKitty333,i bought this game because on eof my friends told me to and i have played harvest moon before and liked it i did not think i would like it i thought it would get boring but boy i was wrong this game is super fun and addicting
,Recommended,413150,27972533,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Moony,This game is worth ruining my life.10/10
76561198354797315,Recommended,413150,31181968,Posted: 16 April,all,gumbo_,pretty rad
,Recommended,413150,29240450,Posted: 13 January,all,Daserino,"Few seconds into the game and I knew I was getting into something magical. The music is so class. Before buying, I was hesitant whether to buy it or not, but reading reviews and it being a one man game made me buy it and I don't regret buying it at all. It's a nice game to play which will take your mind off of anything that's bothering you. It's one of those games that you can play just for the serenity. I see myself spending more time on this than I do on games like Rainbow Six and Dota 2.Would suggest everyone to give this game a try."
76561198185546859,Recommended,413150,29268950,Posted: 15 January,all,Wuzza,"Stardew Valley is a really entertaining game and really chill to play, sad enough there is no multiplayer and i really want that so i can play with friends! But its a cool game and i enjoy it alot, if you the one who is reading this (no one) want to play a chill game, buy Stardew Valley! ;)"
,Recommended,413150,29473314,Posted: 24 January,all,scradam,"I named my character ""poop monster"" and colored him in all brown.  It's amusing to watch the townsfolk talk so sincerely about what a great friend poop monster is and how great poop monster is for the community."
76561198112538607,Recommended,413150,29475309,Posted: 24 January,all,Corporate M,"load up steam, play stardew, boom, 2 days later, i have no idea how time flys playing this game but id recommend the heck out of it! 12/10 would play for 2 days in a row again."
76561198354383031,Recommended,413150,29153924,Posted: 9 January,all,*****Jack15,"How to explain this game..... Its like so..... Mesmerising. The gameplay is so fun but easy to learn that you feel like you are always accomplishing something. The music is bloody supurb, and I've only recently downloaded the game, so I'm only into summer, but damn when that music plays I need to listen to it fully, and the story isn't too intergrated into the gameplay, which gives you room to do your own thing, but you can sense that theres something more to it than just farming, fishing, mining and exploring, which is a good thing mind you! I would 10/10 recommend this game if you need some time wasted and need to relax after a full busting day."
76561198080064154,Recommended,413150,29194945,Posted: 11 January,all,chelekaz,"This game is amazing! A perfect blend of Farm sim and life sim, with a little bit of combat."
76561198306694285,Recommended,413150,29544603,Posted: 28 January,all,Velidreth,I really enjoy playing this game! At first I didn't think I would enjoy it but my friend recommended it to me constantly so I ended up buying it and dont regret it at all. You are constantly working towards something and there are often new things and places being shown to you throughout. I highly recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,413150,27999095,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Protons,"Even though this game has a lot of features inspired from Harvest Moon, it's incredibly original.From the new Farms Layout system, to the way you fish... the attention to details is incredible.Every small thing in the game, it's there for a reason, it's thought out.You will definetely have fun with this, and if like me you are maniac completionist, you will looseyourself in the game, trying to finish every little task.There's lots to do, and lots to explore. Definetely recommend it."
76561198097888913,Recommended,413150,32892148,Posted: 27 June,all,Daharpah,"Stardew Valley is one of the only farming sims that I have ever played. With that being said, it is a wonderful experience and fills that Harvest Moon itch that I didn't even know I had. This game is phenomenal. I would highly recommend to anyone!"
76561198054411194,Recommended,413150,23121900,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,egamflow (kinshen),"(the below is a old review before they did a few updates i may write something later main thing i wanna say is when i wrote it the finishing of the community center had no special thing npcs did nothing special it was as if i started the game basically... now its not)its a great gamefun to play if u like harvest moon type game and you want some combat involved(dont desire bosses if you want a boss go get a ds and buy rune factory)now for the problem i had with it....the balancing is needing work the blue berries are op so as cranberries for starters and for end game the ancient fruit/star fruit jam can b to good of cashthough what i msotly have against it is the lack of any event after you finish all cci had gotten all but one bundle done and the last bundle i had all but one thing turned ina  truffle (had it in a chest) waited two days suspecting a event or something to happen but i turned it in nothing happen im like okay maybe the next day the game seem to do that... next day nothing i talk to the townsfolk and they dont even acknowledge the community center is fixed fine and everything which led me to believe they will use it like its always beenso yeah its a big gripe it killed my buzz for it ill be returning to it later but they should really add a event or something i was half suspecting the mayor come in behind me after the sprites disapear and go ""good god! you been hard at work (name) MAN! I can not believe the hard work you put into fixing our community center!""or the next day i ride in adn mayor goes ""we dont know how it happened but the community center is fixed for celebration were having a buffet""or  ""we saw your list to do in the community center and all the stuff checked off thanks for your hard work (NAME)""but yeah sorry im griping alot about this but truth be told that is what making me step away from this game for now ill return when the co-op is added hoepfully get a friend to join =p"
76561198288676866,Recommended,413150,32898515,Posted: 27 June,all,Hermit,My only regret is that I can only give one thumbs up
,Recommended,413150,32901968,Posted: 27 June,all,Pandario,"A nostalgic hybrid of Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing, Stardew Valley is a nice pixel-rpg-farming-simulator (tad bit wordy) that will yield endless hours of farming fun... and mischief"
76561198047403950,Recommended,413150,32902161,Posted: 27 June,all,DjFiddleBiskits,"super addictive, good time sink and satisfying to play"
76561198240221676,Recommended,413150,25862850,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,LMwarie,"This game is fantastic. As someone who has lived with anxiety and depression for as long as I can remember, I can say honestly that no game has ever calmed me down and improved my mood as well as this game can. The music and sound effects are wonderfully balanced and calming, the art style is adorable, and the story is oh so heartwarming. The gameplay, in my eyes, improves upon the Harvest Moon style by eliminating deadlines and easily missed events. You can do things when you want, how you want, if you want to. There is no threat of the town being replaced with a shopping center, or something if you happen to mess up balancing your farming and social events.100/10 I'm in love."
,Recommended,413150,27752572,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,I is Bad,Just a great game. Very addictive.
,Recommended,413150,32894273,Posted: 27 June,all,iKCS,Why you should buy this game ...Awesome graphicsHot men to marry withHot women to marry withmore like WILFCan marry the same genderHave a love child with your hubbyWatch that love child growExpand your houseBuy some furniture for your house just like playing SimsHot menOk I'll stop with the hot menAwesome soundtrackFeels-trip storyline on each character :(You get a hell of a street fighter scene when you completed the community center and you pickedLets settle this the old fashion waySO BUY THIS GAME ..... PLS
,Recommended,413150,32895723,Posted: 27 June,all,Nimmy,"Great, relaxing, and calming game. You can have the worst day ever and jump into this and it will melt away that rough day. I'd recommend this game to anyone and everyone, something always new and interesting to explore and new features added often. Really enjoy, will play for many, many years to come."
76561197983688678,Recommended,413150,32899105,Posted: 27 June,all,Shnacks,great game. gotta get that♥♥♥♥
76561198314643076,Recommended,413150,32906276,Posted: 27 June,all,DXL,"While playing this game, I remembered the common saying ""Don't judge a book by its cover"".  When I first noticed this game on the market, I thought this game was just another Hay Day or whatever.  However, right after I started the game, I'm completely engulfed by the world of Stardew Valley.  Not only does this game have a pretty good storyline, it also is very interesting.  I can understand that some people would not like this game due to the fact that most quest takes a ton of effort to complete, but those are the kind of games that I enjoy.  I would highly recommand you give this game a chance because there is also a high chance you may be drawn into this game.Plus, right now the game is on a sale, so what's the point in hesitation."
,Recommended,413150,27787515,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheWojo,The best Harvest Moon game since SNES!
,Recommended,413150,26855400,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Infinityissue,This game should be classified as a dangerously addictive opiate.If you see me playing it ask me to stop playing it.I want to live.
,Recommended,413150,32904455,Posted: 27 June,all,apogood,great game
76561198185157021,Recommended,413150,29305879,Posted: 16 January,all,Rorikon,Rame siah XD
,Recommended,413150,21776999,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Spagooder Intruder,"Send help, the only reason I stop playing this game now is because of my job, but even there i only think about playing this game. Someone pls. help me"
,Recommended,413150,26849614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Datvax,Awsome Game!
,Recommended,413150,24019178,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,inFamous,"Best farming game I've ever played on PC, this is so much fun and I can't stop playing it lol. Highly recommend since it's on sale. Hurry and grab the game before the sale ends xD.Updated: Can't wait to have multiplayer option."
,Recommended,413150,24397440,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Doctor,"This game has everything. Farming, Fishing, Foraging, Monsters, Wood, People, and People who eat rocks. 11/10"
76561198165586652,Recommended,413150,25435268,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,JuleThief,surprisingly addictive
76561198052497349,Recommended,413150,21537331,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,boogster,"Updating because fishing isn't so bad once you've gotten the hang of it, and ConcernedApe is basically the best game creator of an indie game I've ever interacted with.Thank you!"
,Recommended,413150,30894779,Posted: 2 April,all,Tygar,"I originally pirated it but it was so good that when i had enough money i said ""♥♥♥♥ it. i'm gonna buy it."" spend the money. it's worth it."
76561198008681560,Recommended,413150,30953515,Posted: 4 April,all,Exile,"Absolutely brilliant game. A must have for retro-gamers. If you want a challenge, don't wiki anything. Ever."
76561198014112382,Recommended,413150,21612474,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Prodigy,"Great game with many activities to do besides just farming and raising livestock. Combat, exploring, artifact collecting, relationships...there is so much to do. Future updates to bring multiplayer and more content as well."
,Recommended,413150,21842947,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,r0b0st,"Pirated it, felt forced to buy it after nine straight hours. This pixel-art simulation game is somewhat more realistic than any other game in this genre i have ever played. It forms a 100% *organic* bond between you and game.  I write a review for the first time and i can't express how joyful i am to recommend this game to others.12/10"
76561198073295682,Recommended,413150,22231726,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Aislynn,"83 hours into this game and I hate it.....>.> <.< Ok who am I kidding..I mean honestly this game is AMAZING! As I said I've put 83 hours into it and there have never been a dull moment. This game is Harvest Moon heaven. I love how you collect, interact, have pets to tend, events to attend, and a family to raise. I really dont have a bad thing to say about this game. I get lost for hours in it.Several months agter my review and I am still loving this game. I stopped playing for a little bit but thats normal with all games. New ones come out, you go and play those you know the drill. Anyways I always seem to come back to this one. It's amazing."
76561198306226912,Recommended,413150,30253422,Posted: 28 February,all,Howling,"Really scratches that Harvest Moon itch, although caters to adults! The complexity of the customization, the more realistic characters, and the plethora of things to do really shows this genre isn't just for kids anymore! I think I put in 40 hours the first weekend I bought it (plz save me).Only complaint is the children aspect is very, very lacking. I always thought that then children you had with you spouse was one of the staples of the Harvest Moon-like games, so it's sad to see it completely lacking. You can't talk to them at all, which makes them little more than window dressing :/But even with that complaint it is WELL worth its price and hours of good fun. Happy Harvest!"
,Recommended,413150,21589789,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cool Blue Link,"Warning.... This game will consume your life.So stardew Valley so much to do ... so little time. So the idea with the game is that you make a farm and try to be successful. Now don't go thinking... Pffh it's gonna be like Farm simulator 2016... ... well in this game you can also go fishing, explore caves and fight monsters, Get married to someone and even have kids.So with that you can also help out the community by fixing up the community house which will unlock bridges to be fixed, Green house and many other useful things, The game also have a story to it to.Your grampa dies or... well goes into a coma (wow that was fast) and you get a letter from him that you will open when there is a time in the life you are tried of working for a company that has no care in the worlds. So you open up the letter and read that you have a farm over at Stardew Valley and then you head over there and find the farm.... has rather become a jungle... and it's your job to clean it up and get it going.Also the game has a bad ending where you become a jojo inc member and the mayor sells the town center to the jojo company and they turn it into a warehouse.So far of I've played I have alot more to explore. Oh yeah... all the characters are speical and unique. I highly recommand this game if you want to lose your life.This game ... is what harvest moon would be if it was combined with Rune factory =)This video shows you what to NOT do in the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXeE4Cl19pU"
,Recommended,413150,21559710,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Glennhs,"Been looking for anything like Harvest Moon since I was a kid. And now this popped up on Steam bestsellers. I got addicted right away! Beautiful game, reminds me of Harvest Moon but better in all ways.I found out that the whole game was made by one guy, I'm impressed and the pixelart warmed my hearth.Well ♥♥♥♥ing done, sir."
,Recommended,413150,27049722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OctopusPatrol,This game was charming and impossible to put down. Haven't played since the 1.1 update but I imagine it's even better
76561198106675493,Recommended,413150,29106045,Posted: 7 January,all,POTION SELLER,this game is crack 11/10
,Recommended,413150,25679843,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ThyNomad,Gameplay- 10/10Effort Put Into Making Game- 10/10Price- 16.99/16.99Soundtrack- ♥♥♥♥♥ why isn't this on the radio
76561198338243811,Recommended,413150,31145015,Posted: 14 April,all,Finn_Diggle,"Stardew Valley is a masterpiece.  Almost every aspect of this game is polished and feels great.  The farming, which is currently the best way to make money, is really fleshed out, as different crops take different times to grow, have different harvest conditions, and grow at different times of the year.  The social part of this game is utterly amazing, with each charater having their own unique personality and motivations.  Getting to know all the different characters, falling in love, and getting married was deffinately my personal favorite part of the game.  That, combined with the holidays and events, really make you feel as if you're part of a small town community.  I loved completing the community center bundles, and it gives an amzing feeling of satisfaction whenever one is complete, and I love the feeling that what you do actually has an effect on the town.   Though, despite the overwhelming success of what thi sgame does right, there are a few negatives that I feel should be aknowledged.  Such as, the other proffesions (mining, foraging and fishing),  feel a bit lacking in comparison to farming.  Another thing is children, they're born/addopted, and then they just kind of exist for an achievement.  I'd love to see more with the children, maybe with them helping around the farm, and possible movinng out to get their own house in town, or maybe leave Pelican Town altogether.  Concerned  Ape has aknowledged these issues though, so I wouldn't be surprised if by the time you read this, they're expanded upon.  Overall, this game is beautiful, and the community is amazing too, definatly worth the $15."
76561197993397458,Recommended,413150,25536887,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kouya,"Worth way more than $15.00, amazing game with more than 100+ hours of gameplay. Do yourself a favor and get it ASAP if you like a harvest moon type of games than pushes the genre forward and then definately kicks it up a notch!"
76561198098473931,Recommended,413150,24142282,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,[FLEX]TH3_SLAY3R19™,"I had many mixed thoughts about buying this game because i was scared that it would crash or it would not catch me. I was wrong about both of those things, I found myself emerged almost the first few minutes of gameplay with so much to do and much to unlock. The crashing part worries me 0% because I have a backup file just in case.  10/10 game plus it was published by Chuckle Fish which also published Starbound yet another super fun game."
76561198000652062,Recommended,413150,24695486,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,EndoNerd,"Remember the days of Harvest Moon SNES? How incredibly awesome the gameplay was? The graphics were spot on and soothing? If you are looking for a game like Harvest Moon, look no further. Stardew Valley takes everything that was awesome and makes it AMAZING! The graphics are perfect and compliment the story! I absolutely have no issues with this game. I have completed the story and saved the Community Center only to start a new game and try it over and over again. Every playthrough I discover new things! This game is amazing and I highly recommend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,413150,24875295,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Not your day :(  hellcase.com,this game its great10/10
,Recommended,413150,24899280,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,croyprym,"Simply put, Stardew valley brings back memories of playing other farming simulation games from my childhood, like Harvest Moon, while managing to add to the formula with longer days, increased options, and the promise of a future multiplayer mode.Recommended for those gamers looking for a relaxing collection game that moves at a slow pace."
,Recommended,413150,24432683,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ChuaDraws,Theres ♥♥♥♥ing people starving in africa
,Recommended,413150,24082344,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Decinym,"Beautiful.  If you're into any sort of game similar to Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon, this is it.  While the gameplay will eventually get repetitive, as long as you don't try to marathon it you will always be able to enjoy yourself."
,Recommended,413150,24769612,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Riven,"I'll start with the bad.This game doesn't do a lot of hand holding.  Veterans of the Harvest Moon series won't have any trouble with this, but I could maybe see the learning curve being costly to a first time player.From what I've read, there doesn't seem to have much to do once you're 4+ years in.  I've read about people who've played hundreds of hours, who have done everything and have a stable, practically automated farm, and they want more to do.  There is no endgame. yet.Now the good.This game doesn't do a lot of hand holding.  From the very beginning, you're free to do whatever you want, however you want.  If you ever feel overwhelmed by this, there is an active, online community of players who are among the most friendly and helpful gamers I've ever seen.It should also be noted that Stardew Valley's one-man development team is great at communicating with his player base.  He openly takes player feedback and suggestions into consideration, all while working to add more content to the game.  If that isn't enough for you, you should know that the modding community for Stardew Valley is also hard at work adding optional new content to the game.I got this game on a whim a week ago, and I'm about 40 hours in and still in Fall, year 1.  This game is somehow relaxing and engaging at the same time.  There is so much to do in this game already, and with more, free content coming in from the dev,  I don't see myself stopping anytime soon."
76561198202260896,Recommended,413150,24032885,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,xXx420MadokaxXx,abigail is love abigail is lifegreat game btwi failed college because of this game aswell
76561198131974934,Recommended,413150,24060817,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ori-chan~!,"Really relaxing.I love how much there is to do in this game. It's one of the games where I like to invest my time in.The characters are lovable, the atmosphere is pleasant...I like these pixels more than I like most people."
76561198081433263,Recommended,413150,24720649,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Little Kitten,i like the dog and also it lets me be gay for leah
76561198090421736,Recommended,413150,23825628,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,tubagznyven,"still building my farm,ill do my bestthis game really good"
,Recommended,413150,23864628,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Raxraus,Real life? Never heard of that server.
,Recommended,413150,23986444,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ChisnauChimp,"No other game has given me the opportunity to feel peaceful and engaged in another world. Stardew Valley gives you an unique experience of wonder, serenity, and happiness. I would reccomend this to anyone who wants a world to escape to. Also multiplayer to come?! 10/10"
76561198196977809,Recommended,413150,23988914,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MoldyLimburger,"I've been waiting for so long for a new Animal Crossing game on Wii U,(Never gonna happen, apparently). But then I found this game, and it's given me everything that I would want from Animal Crossing, and more!9/10 - No K.K Slider,(Sadly)"
76561198042435435,Recommended,413150,24049049,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Doctorthief,There is some creepy stuff in this game10/10 IGN1% Rotten Tomatoes - Was slightly worse than that other farming game i liked
76561198131222715,Recommended,413150,24051082,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Outlaw | Jinkskid,"If you like Harvest Moon, Old School-Like Character Design, Harvest Moon, Terraria, Harvest Moon, Farming Games, Harvest Moon, Great Story, and CAN YOU GET THE IDEA!?!As you can see there is a pattern if you love harvest moon, terraria or ANYTHING in that nature, And you Like Maru as much as i do?(my wife now)Then Stardew Valley is for you.9/10(10/10 when theres bosses and Coop)"
,Recommended,413150,24056319,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,sproutattaxia,"This game is absolutely addicting. Like I don't think you realize how much I've played and there is STILL so much to do, it especially reminds me of Harvest Moon, but with more combat and I find it much more addicting. 10/10 recommend"
,Recommended,413150,21635478,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,GoonyTunes,"Tripped green acid with a wizard, got shot down by all girls and boys at the dance.10/10 would do drugs and get rejected again"
,Recommended,413150,21637266,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sniper,Love this game to bits. Every last one bit. =)
,Recommended,413150,21638623,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DS2 is best Dark Souls,"I hate gardening.Thanks to this game, i love gardening.10/10 like Fallout 4 without guns"
76561198078654818,Recommended,413150,21639128,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,JellySand,I thank the heavens for this game
,Recommended,413150,21508715,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,No-Half-Measures,If you Loved 'Harvest Moon' or 'Rune Factory' you will absolutely love this.You can grow your farm and perfect its efficiency and/or Plunder the depths of the mines and mine minerals and ore's and kill monsters lurking on each level its all up too you.Just wish i could sink more time into this game it's just so dam good.
,Recommended,413150,21513546,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Trexx,Amazing - A mix of Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon.
76561198079961228,Recommended,413150,21515818,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Connor1468,"Leave that everyday 9 - 5 job and start a new life on the farm. Plant and Harvest tons of crops, raise animals, meet new friends, fall in love, fish, mine, fix the Community Center or join forces with Joja Mart! There is so much to do in Stardew Valley that will keep you entertained for days. All the original music is amazing, The graphics are great! And the game play is on point!"
76561198092187138,Recommended,413150,21518595,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DarklordZeromus,Wonderful game that will have you loosing many a hours as you work through one more day before turning it off.
76561198002581627,Recommended,413150,21518956,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gandie,- No Tom Nook.- ...- Profit!11/10
,Recommended,413150,21485872,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kinjael,It's like Starbound and Harvest Moon had a glorious and beautiful baby.
,Recommended,413150,21491696,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Starfox,"I love this game. Animal Crossing, harvest moon, and terraria all wrapped into one. The game iv been waiting for, for a long time. I wish there was a mini map or something"
,Recommended,413150,21667455,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kelemeneszekamatolikudabijeee,PROS:-Stalked girl for 2 years giving her the same flower every week. Getting married.-Stood next to fisherman and started to fish. He left and started fishing somewhere else.CONS:-Ice cream is expensive af10/10
76561198245426660,Recommended,413150,32934513,Posted: 28 June,all,✪Pukis14,I used to play Harvest Moon a lot. And then I found this game! Ahh those nostalgic memories :)
,Recommended,413150,21835574,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Rediz,"If you liked Harvest Moon and Rune Factory, then you will love this game!"
76561198279433277,Recommended,413150,32966762,Posted: 28 June,all,Oktoroc,It's like Animal Crossing with humans....I love it.
76561198070044725,Recommended,413150,32979014,Posted: 29 June,all,Armags,"Gives you a warm, fuzzy feeling inside. Great game!"
76561197976312122,Recommended,413150,32982767,Posted: 29 June,all,Joffin,So good/relaxing/casual/fun/challenging/addictive/etc/etcShould be experienced.
,Recommended,413150,32985465,Posted: 29 June,all,VinelxK,The characters and their story is very beautiful.love this game so much
76561198007430407,Recommended,413150,32978559,Posted: 29 June,all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,The Super Saiya form of Harvest Moon PS1.Did I mention it's modable?
76561198043953879,Recommended,413150,32975748,Posted: 28 June,all,Stargun5502,"Stardew Valley is a certainly unique game, I like it. its calming, yet also very time consuming. Its like animal crossing in alot of ways, such as making money to expand your house, or you fufilling other's needs for your relationship or to take advantage of them to get stuff. What was i saying again? Oh yes, there is farming, fishing, Mining, deforestation, I mean Foraging, and many other different ways to make money in the game, but then again, the game is meant to suit many styles of play. do I reccomend this game, yes. I do. Its worth 30$, I got it for 15$ totally a good deal, and you wont be seeing me complain."
,Recommended,413150,32978913,Posted: 29 June,all,HazzaRoy,This game is going to get multiplayer soon but the game is good enough already.
,Recommended,413150,32977386,Posted: 29 June,all,DavidStrides,"Stardew Valley is an interesting farming game, much like harvest moon games you get your own farm and have to upgrade it as you go with money you've made from farming, livestock, and other skills. There's much more you can do on Stardew Valley though, from mining and going through levels in the caverns to get better weapons and gear to going through character developing events, festivals, and secrets of the game such as finding out what's in the sewers, finding all the lost museum items, helping the forest creatures, and much more.When I first started playing this game I didn't think too much about it, it was a sweet new farm game that reminded me of my favorite childhood games, but as I continued further I found that I wanted to know more about the characters that live in the town, I wanted to make it a better place by completing the community center to bring it back to its original form, and to fight against the rising Joja corporation. It wasn't just a game that brought back fond memories, it was a game that was perhaps much better than the games I had played before. What I liked most about this game is that the characters almost seem to have legit emotions, as I became friends with them I learned things about them that were actually interesting and had me craving more, some characters even had dark secrets that surprised me and had me rethinking how I saw some of them in the beginning completely. Unlike my favorite childhood games this one is much more realitistic when it comes to life and how characters see it and act in real life situations. I was so tired of dealing with farm games that treated most of its players as children who may get upset over the smallest thing or may be too small minded to understand very simple things. Stardew Valley is a very refreshing farm game that treats its players with respect, so kudos to doing it right with that Stardew Valley.P.S.  I have to also say a big *thank you* to the devs for allowing marriage for all genders, this was such a relief to me as the Harvest Moon games always frustrated me when it came down to marriage canidates. I can actually play as a male if I choose to and I can marry the man of my dreams without worrying about the possibilities that I'll have to play as a female just to get the marriage canidate that I want to be with later on in-game.Pros:- Quests- Good dialogue- Amazing character development- Lots of things to do in-game besides farming- Marriage options are much more kind toward players of all likesCons:- Quests could be less repetitive- Possible loss of save files. When moving to other computers to play I'd lose weeks of play on my saves that were randomly deleted after I had played them on a different computer in my home.- Would definitely be even more fun with multiplayer options, though there are some mods out now a days to slightly bring in multiplayer features."
,Recommended,413150,32975118,Posted: 28 June,all,Luis-Sama,So far I have loved this game. The gameplay mechanics are very similar to harvest moon and brings back nostalgia to when i would play on my gameboy advance
,Recommended,413150,27903323,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ham Sandvich,If you like havest moon you will like this.
,Recommended,413150,26962965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chemic,"Stardew Valley creates such a quaint atmosphere, letting the player explore the world, build his own farm and interact with other characters, without noticing that hours have past since he started playing."
76561198031091999,Recommended,413150,27288224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zorkkan,One of the best game with pixel graphic
,Recommended,413150,27766691,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,자살,"One of the cutest games steam has to offer, just a happy little game you go and make relationships and farm in. There is no reason not to want this game."
76561198147648122,Recommended,413150,32743565,Posted: 24 June,all,Billy likes chilli,"Good game to play, it is a farming simulator that is a fun relaxing game. I just started and already like it so why not get it now?.7/10"
,Recommended,413150,32795347,Posted: 25 June,all,ranger,129h of gameplayStardew Valley is by far one of my favorite games and probably won't be replace anytime soon-------------------------------------prosgood character customizationlots of crops to farmMore then just a farming simulatorlots of people to meet-------------------------------------consthe game can be little bit boreing at firstnot multiplayer-------------------------------------I would recommend Stardew Valley for any type of Gamer and i think the game is worth 16.99 CAN
76561198114220341,Recommended,413150,32949200,Posted: 28 June,all,Wolverix,"I love this game, if you want a game to get away from everything this is the perfect game to play. It's calming and you can take it at your own pace. I love this game and can't wait for future uptades :)."
,Recommended,413150,32946622,Posted: 28 June,all,Owen Wilson says WOW,I bought it after a friend rocommended it. A LOT.I was expected just another farm simulator. Its not. This game does a lot of things and it does them all well. I can't put this game down. Do yourself a favor and try it out.
,Recommended,413150,21573973,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sunbro,You eat plants and exploit animals to survive and craft stuff to make life easier.So it's basically Far Cry Primal except it's better.And has better graphics. And it's cheaper.10/10 would stalk single girls again
76561198031525860,Recommended,413150,21574315,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ninstroyer,"This game is absolutely amazing, worth every dollar. I highly recommend it, especially to those who enjoy games like Harvest Moon, Rune Factory and even Fantasy Life.The creator, Eric Barone, created this game entirely on his own. That is genius.If you read the ""Features List"", you will find a complete list of what this game will provide you.It's difficult to stop playing!"
76561198043312767,Recommended,413150,21532664,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,♥oobeleydoobeley♥,"This job isn't for everyone but hay,it's in my jeans."
,Recommended,413150,21540001,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,JJB1981,"First of all, I have to say that in all of its retro glory, Stardew Valley is now one of my favorite games! Coming into this game, I wasn't even sure what to expect. I have played other farm sims but they became very tedious and unfulfilling. The first time I played Stardew Valley I was captured by the seemingly-simple-at-first mechanics. Don't let that fool you. The game has much depth and it is very easy to drawn into. I have played a little over 2 hours so far and I can say that this game is designed brilliantly. There is always, and I mean always something to do and work towards. The pace of the game works well with the day/night cycle. If you like any kind of sim games, I am pretty sure you will love Stardew Valley."
76561198054770128,Recommended,413150,21540846,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Onee-sama,It's the rekindled Harvest Moon I've been craving for years. It satisfies the effort you put into the game in a way that Rune Factory and recent Harvest Moon spinoffs fail to provide. Best game of the century
,Recommended,413150,21543308,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Look at me Chuck,This game is my life now
,Recommended,413150,21544466,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mystamous,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)So close
,Recommended,413150,21545254,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Tibbles,
76561198083450504,Recommended,413150,21554989,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Simtastic,Help.
,Recommended,413150,21555195,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Galbutorix,Got rejected by all 5 girls at the Flower Festival.Dating simulator 2016.11/10.
,Recommended,413150,21555448,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Horrorific,"Farmed some vegetables, picked some roots, adopted a doge, got rejected by everyone at the flower dance. Feels bad bro. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22112566,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,|JUGG|MPRF| Nova,F*cking game of the f*cking year f*cking love it
76561198322002626,Recommended,413150,31030219,Posted: 8 April,all,ItalianJackAttack,I love this game. So simple and so addicting! Great graphics even if they are lo-res. Definitely worth the money. Would buy it again in a heartbeat.
,Recommended,413150,27050478,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[I AM] THE SENATE,"Chuckle fish studios, you have done it again. love this game, from the peaceful game play, to the bueatiful art design and finally the relaxing music. This game is just amazing and im glad i finally got to play it.10/10 would recommend to anyone"
,Recommended,413150,22904464,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Conbombadil,I've failed my exams because of this game.. But that's ok :^)
,Recommended,413150,24450711,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Blankie,best money i ever spendbought it for my friends also they loved ithope multiplayer is coming soon
,Recommended,413150,23372592,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Asia is my city,"I dont think you can find another game that can give you so much play time at this price. The developer is STILL adding free updates to an already nicely polished game. Soundtrack is great, and game variation is great. Fantastic hidden gem."
,Recommended,413150,30926523,Posted: 3 April,all,TorielsPie (Kiki),Perfect game for relaxing and taking your mind off of other things.
,Recommended,413150,22271576,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,RedTurtle,I am ADDICTED....This game is awesome! My sister plays it too via family share. I had it for maybe 2 weeks!!! and I love it!!!
76561198072680595,Recommended,413150,28344686,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,benvlieg,"Short review:Great game. Lots of stuff to to with different styles of farming being possible. Great buy.Long Review:This is one of the best games of 2016. Stardew Valley is a farming game in the style of Harvest Moon. You create you farmer and choose a farm that fits your playstyle (Available since version 1.1). Afther that you are free to play as you want. You can focus on mining, on foraging, on farming with animals, farming with plants or fishing. There are farms for every playstyle. Every farm will require some animals and plants, but that doesn't have to be the main focus. Almost every action takes energy and if your energy is almost depleted you have to call it for the day or eat food. After a days farming you can go to town and chat with the locals. There's a bar that you can hang around in at night with a working jukebox and arcade machine. You can even help them with errands that's posted on a notice board. They are usualy in the ""need item X in a certain number of days"" category. Sometimes they are request to find lost items. You can befriend npc's and even marry one. Twice a month there is some kind of comunity evet that you can participate in. These range from a dance to a fair with games. There is also a community centre to restore. Restoring the centre is one of the overarching goals in stardew valley. Then there are the random evens and mysterious places/items. The random events include a random encounter with a witch, and NPC's talking to each other. Mysterious items include totems and a unexplained rock in the ocean. I have played 14 hour (According to ingame counter) and are still in year one. A great buy.P.S. Stardew Valley was made by 1 person over six years and I just want to say well done. Very well done."
76561198018818592,Recommended,413150,31083917,Posted: 11 April,all,MrDrProfessor4,"To me, it feels more like a playable Slice of Life anime than a farming simulator game, and it's not just because of the portrait mod I'm using. After all, the most memorable side of this game is the characters you interact with. That's the message of this game: getting away from the soulless machine of the big city to form connections with people and nature.Your farm is defined more by its steady evolution than by the work you routinely do on it. This game can be incredibly addictive, due to each day setting up the next."
76561198136227456,Recommended,413150,21870844,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Torix,its just as good as everyone is saying.... one more day... one more day .. one more day !!!
76561198057088375,Recommended,413150,22829645,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,jackta3.14,"This is the first game I payed full price for since 2003, and I have loved every second of it.  If you like crafting or Animal Crossing style games, then this is a must have for your collection.  The gameplay is relaxing, and the world is full of stuff to do (still haven't gotten half of the achievments at 50+ hrs).  Easy reccomendation."
76561197994629351,Recommended,413150,31093144,Posted: 12 April,all,Beans,Best £10 you can spend on Steam.
76561198368878154,Recommended,413150,30773230,Posted: 27 March,all,FeatheredPenguin,10/10very immersivewould play againgave Leah salad 2 times every weekmoney only going to salad and getting things that will get me more money for saladhas to buy pendant because what is a real proposal without a necklace bought from a shady dude at an unaccessable area who is only availible when it rainsrealizes after buying pendant that I literally have no moneyhopes Leah likes a poor person
,Recommended,413150,31101864,Posted: 12 April,all,Cocknocker,"wonderful little time killer, wish there was abit more to the story but i understand the idea of wanting an open sandbox world. The only downside is it lacks a multiplayer but i hear thats in the works"
76561198052280511,Recommended,413150,21544939,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bobleeswagger,Best harvest moon game to date..........thats pretty well all i got to sayExcept only being able to save by sleepingOther than that this game is amazing fun in ways i just cant descibe.If you loved harvest moon then the only reason you might not like this is due to being a ♥♥♥♥ headdont be a ♥♥♥♥ head.
76561198040928441,Recommended,413150,23560318,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MapleHero,"This game was a nice break from all the action platformers, hard core rogue games, and endless button mashers. Stardew valley is a very peacful game that pulls you into it's rich world. At first you might just focus on making money and building the best farm ever made. But as time passes you begin to fall in love with this small town and all thoes who inhabit it. You learn more about them as time passes and it almost feels like you are a part of this small town.I dont mean  to sound sappy but this is what I felt after hours of playing. I felt happy when ever there was an event or when ever I discovered soemthign new.This game is a gem that reminds us that video games dont always have to be about going form point A to point B. So I hope you found this revew useful and I hope you can see why I enjoy Stardew valley."
76561198094717802,Recommended,413150,23887004,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Omega,jesus christ
,Recommended,413150,21710156,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BaloneyFraise,It's like someone took everything that didn't make sense in Harvest Moon and fixed it.
76561198057192698,Recommended,413150,21709052,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mr Spook,It's one of the most chill games i've ever played and i love it.I also befriended a wizard because i wanted to shave my beard.It's not a game for everyone but in my eyes it's a straight 10/10.
76561198076365950,Recommended,413150,21709646,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,teoteul,"Hey, that's pretty good"
,Recommended,413150,21709790,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BigWiggy,This game is draining my life
76561198088100599,Recommended,413150,21709768,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mrmaximum - [ BunBun ],Relaxing and play!!!!!
,Recommended,413150,31494884,Posted: 1 May,all,fluxtra,Really nice game with epic background music!
,Recommended,413150,31629120,Posted: 8 May,all,stuntnuts,"I am pretty sure the amount of hours I have put into this game speak on their own, but this game is incredibly comfy and far more enjoyable than I anticipated. If you loved the Harvest Moon and Rune Factory series, you will definitely enjoy this game. It's got farming, waifus/husbandos, monsters, qtpi animals, and surprisingly touching characters and cut scenes."
,Recommended,413150,28338669,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Damp Towels,you can get laid in this game4/3
,Recommended,413150,31620115,Posted: 8 May,all,duruthegn,"My son and i are taking turns by days... He's 4Phenominal game. Where i was expecting something that attempted to capture the feel of Harvest Moon, i was greeted with a flawless extention of the feeling i got out of it playing on SNES (and had never experienced on any of the official continuations)  While the game does strongly seem like harvest moon... it's actually what i wish was to begin with.The game is stupid good, a hell of a deal, and is by far number one on my ""gaming with my kids"" list"
76561198052973516,Recommended,413150,22042464,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Tod2133,This game is really great. I usually get bored really quickly when playing one game for a long time. But I am unable to stop playing this for a week straight.The story for the game is great.And the music is even better.I have played a lot of it and I am still finding new things to do.And stalking people with berrys till they like me hasn't become repetative.I don't usually make a review so I give this game a 10/10.My personal game of year 3. I mean 2016.Edit: Still playing.Edit 2: removed double text.
76561198092441284,Recommended,413150,31590559,Posted: 6 May,all,Crywank,"Addictive, beautiful and heart-warming. This game is incredible. With hours of quests, dialogue and farming, you will never run out of things to do. GET THIS GAME NOW!"
,Recommended,413150,31591470,Posted: 6 May,all,niamarcelina,Super cute with so much to do
,Recommended,413150,28010084,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[TFI] Mereck,"The best ""Harvest Moon"" like game I ever came across. Nice feeling, nice atmosphere, I wish I could stay there forever..."
,Recommended,413150,31596118,Posted: 6 May,all,Miss Penelope,"Male or female protagonist, customizable; six male and six female romance options for both. Great game outside of that!I don't think there is a whole lot I can say aboutt his game that hasn't already been said. I think it's in general one of the best that has been released in the past few years - it has devoured so much of my time that it makes me devestatingly ashamed of myself. The variety of the gameplay is its best feature - if you ever get tired of farming you can go fishing, or mining, or foraging, or socializing, or decorating, or raising animals! AND the game is sold as an amazingly low price besides. Just buy it on that alone!I would however, like to give some very specific praise to the romances available in the game; though boiled down they ultimately just involve sneaking around and mutely pushing gifts in to your love's arms the dialgoue and scenes you are rewarded with are, to me, exceptional. While each of the singles is in part a sort of trope, the nerdy girl, the mature man,the loner guy, the hot airhead, and so on, when you get to certain levels of affection you rewarded with a peek in to their inner life that you'd never have an idea of if you didn't pursue it. You'll get to learn of their past relationships, secret talents, or the inner conflicts that strains against the exterior they've built up to represent themselves.ALL of the romances are good. I did them all both as a male and female farmer (except Shane and Emily, who weren't out when I did it) and was pleased to find the game wasn't actually a case of bisexuals with sex blindness that many other games with sex selectable protagonists and romance tend to have - there were differences. Though they were really minor dialogue changes they made a world of difference when it came to making it feel real. Many of the same sex pairs make some form of ""I've never felt this way about another guy/girl before"" sort of comments and in others it's suggested it's not a new thing to them. The sparse few comments from the comments from the community help a lot too - one that particularly touched me was the guardian of my male farmer's boyfriend who initially was rather terse about relationship until I befriended him and he admitted he had come around on the idea! These tiny little touches are great and make the gay pairings the more detailed and emotional. That is a breath of fresh air where usually the gay pairings end up just being identical to the hetero pairings. I think other game designers should take notes - little things can make a big difference, especially when it comes to romance."
,Recommended,413150,23589439,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Seanachian,"Absolutely love this game, it reminds me of Harvest Moon, but it is better (which is hard for me to admit with me owning a number of the Harvest Moon games). There is so much more to the game and it is far more interactive than I've ever seen with a Harvest Moon game. It has a bit of action when mining, but still a large portion is about the farming and trying to finish the main quest of the game. I am pretty sure this is one of the games that I will always come back to play more of and once I start to play again I don't like to stop either, even if my visit and palms are hurting from sitting on my keyboard or desk for so long."
,Recommended,413150,27456279,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,crazyLoudmouth,Awesome time waster
76561198164727984,Recommended,413150,31544546,Posted: 4 May,all,GymLeaderJade,"I don't know what I can really say about this game that hasn't already been said over and over. It's fantastic, if you love Harvest Moon then this game is a must have.The customization is great, even though your character is small.The other characters are super fleshed out and dynamic, each leading their own lives and schedules depending on the day and/or season.Got bored tending to your main source of income? No problem! You can create sprinklers to water your plants for you, and install automatic feeders for your animals.There are plenty of people to woo, and gender doesn't matter when it comes to romance. At first I was going to go for one of the girls because none of the guys available at the time interested me, though a patch was made later that made the guy I was interested in romancing, eligible. Which leads me to another great thing about this game.The creator not only updates the game, but listens to the fanbase. Emily and Shane weren't originally marriable, despite both being single and very interesting characters, and fans wanted them. So he updated so we could date and marry Shane or Emily if we chose to, as well as now letting us choose where in the town we want our farm to be.You can choose to have children. If you want them, you can have more than one. If you don't want kids, you don't have to have any.It's available for the PC, PS4, XBox1, and will be coming to the Switch. You can bring this game basically anywhere, and it will give you a reason to want to."
,Recommended,413150,31533868,Posted: 3 May,all,Vante,"A real labor of love. If you're thinking to yourself, I wish I could play a farming game in a quaint setting with quirky design asthetics and a handcrafted storyline, look no further."
,Recommended,413150,29556946,Posted: 28 January,all,cakeiscoolio,"game of the year 2016 honestly im going to c r yif you liked any of the harvest moon games but thought ""man i wish i could fight things and/or be gay"", WELL BOY, DO I HAVE THE GAME FOR YOU"
,Recommended,413150,31550161,Posted: 4 May,all,Gloria,Played over 200 hours. Never gets old.10/10 ! Amazing!
,Recommended,413150,27774601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,1 9 6 6,GOOD GAME //waiting4coop
76561198079468637,Recommended,413150,28152654,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Freezerater,"I love this game, I love waking up every morning and walking into the town. I love going through everyone's trash and then occasionally getting told that that's ""gross"", but what do they know? I find perfectly good cookies and bread in there. I love going to see Linus. He always talks about trees, I'm slightly concerned about how lonely he might be. I love going home and seeing my bats, they bring me fruit sometimes, but it's always the cheapest freaking fruit they could find. I love going to see Leah, my girlfriend in the game, she talks a lot about salads. I think she likes her salads more than me. I love my chicken and my cow that live on my farm. I think they are the only characters in the game that appreciate me interacting with them. This is a great game, except for those darn crows that ate my crops the first year. I wish I was smart enough to have realised that scarecrows aren't just a decoration. 10/10 I think I'm addicted"
76561198152227202,Recommended,413150,25936392,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DC^ skinsjar.com,"Haven't played all that much, but so far it is really good. Stardew Valley is fun, unique, and there's plenty to do- and can run on pretty much any computer. The only downside is that I find myself constantly looking at the wikis because there's no way to remember which villager likes which gift."
,Recommended,413150,26365276,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,9tIX,"Fun retro styled farming game that brakes the stereotypes you would expect from both retro and farming games!  Stardew Valley includes not only aspects of farming but also a wide variety of other things including livestock management, foraging, caving, fishing, side quests, character developement, crafting, design, and much more!  I heavily suggest this game, especially if you are a casual gamer (as the game is much more laid back).  Stardew has an interesting story and can be played for hours on end without becoming boring."
76561198169879115,Recommended,413150,27389357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kajo0710,Best game ever i can't stop play it bought it three weeks ago and have played it for 37 hours i think i have an addiction.There is a good story in the game.You are free to explore everything in the town and it is just so fun.I recommend this game it's a very good experience to play it
,Recommended,413150,27147345,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dire,"When you start this game, you are guaranteed to lose atleast 50 hours of your life. It's a very relaxing and chilled game for those who grew up playing similar RPG games on the game boy, etc, it's more than a Harvest Moon clone in my opinion, it has its own identity, it feels completely different and in a good way.I highly recommend this game, even if you aren't a fan but enjoy pixel graphics and need a break from life.100/10"
,Recommended,413150,23285554,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Einstein's bipolar nipple,An easy description for Stardew Valley is if you mixed every drug into a super drug and made that a game.No but seriously don't buy this unless you have a lot of time on your hands because you are going to lose hours of your life while enjoying every minute. Truly a great.
,Recommended,413150,22115821,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Del Mingus,"TL:DR Stardew Valley is a Harvest Moon/Rune Factory clone that is actually better than the games that inspired it. Its a really relaxing yet addictive experience that I loved. Only minor downside is the late game content is a bit weak at the moment.Full Version:For anyone who's always wanted a Harvest Moon game on PC this game is as close as it gets and is actually a lot better than HM. The game starts off with you inheriting a farm from your dead grandfather. You can clear the land on this farm to grow crops, with the option of building and crafting more tools and buildings as you gain more money and level up your skills. You can also do other activities like fish, forage for supplies, visit the mines or go chat♥♥♥♥♥♥with the locals in the nearby town. If you've played Harvest Moon before you'll be familiar with how things work but if you havent the game is still easy to get into.Its a really chilled out game to play as you cant technically ""lose"" in this game so if your fancying a game that you can play to relax,this is it. The retro style graphics and great soundtrack gives this game its own unique character and charm. The Dev is still polishing the game and adding stuff to it and he deserves a lot of praise for what really is a fantastic game.Good points:- Takes all the enjoyable stuff from Harvest Moon and adds more good stuff that HM never had but should of had. Stardew Valley is effectively a fans vision of what a great Harvest Moon game would be.- The retro graphics are great and give the game a lot of its own unique character. The soundtrack is great too.- Theres lots of little secrets and hidden surprises in this game and its enjoyable trying to find them.Bad Points:- The only minor problem with this game is that there isnt a lot of late game content. The first year of the game is the most enjoyable part as theres a lot going on but later on in the game when you've advanced enough to have most of the farmwork automated theres not a lot else to do as most of the games content can be done in the first couple of years. However its worth pointing out that the dev, ConcernedApe, has said that he wants to improve the late game content so fingers crossed he does."
,Recommended,413150,21913260,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,NoiseHERO,"I have been so addicted to this game. Games like this usually are boring, but this one is just fun. I am not even sure why."
,Recommended,413150,22407154,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,hafxrx,This game is worth more than 15$
76561198010813059,Recommended,413150,22522474,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ferr3t,"Everything you could want from a game like this. Everything you do makes you progress in one way or another, and there are several things (farming, ranching, crafting, building a perfect farm, fishing, spelunking, tycoon-style economy) you can focus on, or try to do everything at once.There a few choices to make when planning your progress, and a few non-intrusive skills that will underline what you're interested in becoming efficient at. You never feel like you're losing out though.Very charming art, music and overall gameplay. Not to mention - what I'm most looking forward to - the way the game is structured, its got a great base for modular expansion. If thats not going to be a thing, well, then there's always modding, which some people have already gotten on.I hardly write any reviews ever, but this game and developer deserves it. Its a great game, made by only one person to boot. Harvest Moon really blew a big chance here, and finally someone stepped up to the plate to deliver for those who don't want to cash out for a DS just to play this style of game. I'll be supporting this Dev within reason for any related content when I can."
76561198293756928,Recommended,413150,22827510,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,leo,very good
,Recommended,413150,22367757,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Sky President,"If you want a game that will utterly captivate you in every way without explanation for a couple of weeks, buy this.If you want a game that will keep you entertained for months on end, I suggest you look elsewhere.Perhaps it's just my unique experience derived from playing 48 hours in two weeks, but it only stayed fun for that long. After that long, you've practically done everything (excluding some major tasks) and seen everything. It's a wonderful game with some depth to it in the choices you can make in how to make money (or how to live your life in general) but it gets very repetetive.Pros- Farming simulator II- The world feels more 'lived in' than some other games- LOTS of stuff to do- Will dominate your gaming hours for a good while- You always know what you need to get done next- You don't even have to farm, if you like fishing or mining better- A HUGE amount of gameplay for the priceCons- Characters are devoid of personality for the most part, and you are normally restricted to one dialogue option, as there is often one that adds friendship points (so it's impractical to explore the conversation options). But then again, npc interaction was not the focus of the game- The game sometimes gives little to no information on a feature, so the wiki is almost required for some items/eventsSide note: I'll probably put several more hours in once the officially announced multiplayer is released, so there's that to look forward to. (If you're like me and rarely play SP games)Tl;DrGreat farming/mining/fishing game for the money. The best singleplayer game I've played in a while. You'll put 10 hours into it before you realize.9/10"
76561198003230792,Recommended,413150,31447933,Posted: 29 April,all,Reginald VelJohnson,Well thought out and fun. Waiting on multiplayer.
76561198048275183,Recommended,413150,31778139,Posted: 15 May,all,RockBiter,"I own this on PS4 as well.You guys are killing me.My wife and two of my daughters are horribly addicted!!!I am too, thats why I got it on PC as well, so i could play in peace!!!Great game!!Looking forward to updates!!!"
,Recommended,413150,31776173,Posted: 15 May,all,Kitty,"Its everything you expect it to be and more. Strangely addictive, I love it!"
,Recommended,413150,21512985,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,OrderGear,9/10Would definetly suffer in agony while not being able to dance with Emily againeverything else is lovelybuy the gameprotip: you can't date ugly people
76561197979534681,Recommended,413150,21737567,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,98% jabroni 2% baja blast,"Very addictive game; so much to do.  If you were/are a fan of Harvest Moon, then you will love this game."
,Recommended,413150,22469508,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,jay,where did my life go8/8i will 100% this game before i die
76561198018583868,Recommended,413150,26944610,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Red,Riverland!
,Recommended,413150,31780043,Posted: 15 May,all,Arashu Defend Me,I love this game! First few days and I've already sunk 14 hours into it. Really addicting!
76561198061040734,Recommended,413150,22424458,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Millie,"Pretty chill game, iv'e maybe spent 20 hours fishing and im alright with that.Now i just want multiplayer so i can fish whith my friends."
,Recommended,413150,27968243,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Baemax,I have 64 hours of game time and still no woman loves me. Just like real life.
,Recommended,413150,27531488,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ItsSteve5,awesome game here. reminds me of playing HM growing up
76561198010127431,Recommended,413150,31534061,Posted: 3 May,all,Oshkell,"Anyone who has played Harvest Moon will instantly recognize the premise.  Inherit a remote farm, move in to the community, plant crops, raise animals, make a difference in the scope of the game.Stardew Valley takes it a step further with interesting and dangerous mines, a well-thought out combat system, RPG-like elements, and some surprisingly deep backstories trailing behind the inhabitants of the town.The gameplay is fun and addicting, and frequently you wind up feeling like there is simply not enough time in the day.  There is always so much to do, the game is practically bursting at the seams with activities.  The replay value is there, too, in that you can choose different settings for your farm, (and only your farm; the rest of the town stays the same) choose a different path of development for the community, and pursue marital relationships with different people.A bargain at any price."
,Recommended,413150,25023801,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,AthenaLovesCoffee,"Stardew Valley is a great game for anyone who like relaxing sim/strategy games. It's fairly clear that the game was based off Harvest Moon, but it does bring more to the table by filling in missing gaps from the game. The best part about SDV is that there isn't really any mandatory need/time limit for different challenges, so everything is in your controll.It's highly addicting, beautiful, and overall, well made."
,Recommended,413150,22071274,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Soldier Dude,I play this game almost everyday until 12am. Then I almost died.12/10 Would nearly die of sleep deprivation again.
76561198307066035,Recommended,413150,25042378,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,AkkiGinryo,I absolutely love this game. I cannot wait until multiplayer comes out.
76561198162171547,Recommended,413150,31366810,Posted: 25 April,all,abbeyelise20,"Wonderful game,Kinda like liquid eyeliner; hard to get into at first but once you master it, it's fun to build a routine.Excited for mulitplayer"
,Recommended,413150,31919448,Posted: 23 May,all,thiefste,Great game well worth the money for any gamer
,Recommended,413150,31808418,Posted: 17 May,all,krosser26,Simply the best casual farming game! Great for fans of this genre and also a great start for newcomers. Totally recommended!
,Recommended,413150,31367761,Posted: 25 April,all,AnesthesiaCG,Love this game. Over 80 hours in. Occasional game breaking bugs (certain saves stop working). Otherwise perfect farm simulator.
,Recommended,413150,31923734,Posted: 23 May,all,Sushi Shyhara,"This game is amazing! While it currently has some issues with saving and loading, not to mention crashing, I still love it with all my heart. It has such an amazing community that I'm glad to be a part of, and a wonderful modding community as well. I love the style of the game, the pixel art is such a welcome difference from the 3D direction that Harvest Moon has taken. I'm normally all for 3D graphics, but there's just something about Stardew Valley's visuals that is absolutely lovely. I can't wait to see what lies ahead for this developer and the potential games of the future."
76561198087500714,Recommended,413150,21578562,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,MaddAddaM,"Come on ConcernedApe, I got kids. Gave up binge gaming years ago.But here I am at 12:30 a.m. chanting JUST ONE MORE DAY !!!"
76561198083565767,Recommended,413150,21779580,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Terraxx,"Buy this game its great. Great colors, great sound and music, just overall great and in my opinion better harvest moon. Thanks for making this game."
,Recommended,413150,21516430,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,litty,"if you like harvest moon, I find no reason for you not to like this.11/10 time waster"
,Recommended,413150,21532561,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Geckone,"This game took my back to the time when I first started original Harvestmoon game on SNES. Natsume got lost somewhere on the way with their game. Despite few bugs like cursor running away while fishing (especially when you play on borderless window mode) or sleeping dog blocking partially entrance to your bed this game is enjoyable to play and it will steal your time before you will notice. Stardew Valley will take you back in time with all the new ideas which you wanted to see in HM series. If you have never played Natsume's farming simulator but you wanted to see how farming life could look like, choose this one instead. It has everything that Harvestmoon lost in time. If you loved it though this is a must have in your library."
,Recommended,413150,21536553,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Koichi did you lay this egg,"Stardew Valley is like a modern day Harvest Moon, if you have ever played it odds are Stardew Valley will be filled with nostalgia. You run your own farm, you socialize with the townsfolk, you explore the mine. It's an all round relaxing experience and honestly, I can't think of anything negative to say about it. Buy this game."
76561198036209822,Recommended,413150,21555000,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,freblaze04,"When you start the game ask you ""whats your favorite thing?""I said ""Strippers""Later in the game I read this line.""Your mind is filled with strippers!""Great game.  Buy it."
76561198042150715,Recommended,413150,21557377,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kroznick,Cat got stuck on the front door and I was forced to sleep outside.10/10
,Recommended,413150,21558460,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nazz,"It took but 5 minutes of playing this game to bring on the nostalgia of playing the Harvest Moon games I had on GBA and playing Animal Crossing since the Game Cube.  Stardew Valley is a very well done idylic farming/life simulator that is filled to the brim with people to talk to, things to do, and responsibilities to keep track of.  The artwork for this game is amazing and the freedom you have in Stardew Valley is really refreshing.  I rate this a solid 9.7/10 Highley Recomended"
76561198049790982,Recommended,413150,21698678,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Jamez513,"> Starts game> Plants parsnip> Finds attractive girl with a good personality who happens to be single> Gives her flowers every chance I get and talks to her every day> I'm informed of a flower dance event> Goes to flower dance and asks girl to dance> Declined, heartbroken, sits in corner while she dances with some random dude, cries self to sleep that night> Makes it a personal goal to dance with her at the flower dance next year> gives her loads of presents> gets to max hearts with her (10)> decides to get married> Ceremony takes place 5 days before flower dance> Hyped because she can't refuse her own husband> gets to flower dance, talks to wife to dance> ""Are you enjoying yourself dear? It must be nice taking a break from the farm work""> doesn't get the option to dance> sits in corner while wife dances with random dude, because shes too entitled to dance with her own husband> Cries to sleep again.>Has wasted a whole year of my character's life to accomplish absolutly nothing13/10 Would cry to sleep again."
,Recommended,413150,21701302,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Terra™,"I. CAN'T. STOP. PLAYING.I used to play a lot of Harvest Moon and this is just as addicting. The game autosaves every night when you go to bed. I've said ""One more day"" about 40 times last night."
76561198010443997,Recommended,413150,21712208,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Iain Mc,Nobody would dance with me at the festival in this game...10/10 for realism.
76561198073987650,Recommended,413150,21720186,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,★Matsy★,Happiness Simulator 2016
76561198018873842,Recommended,413150,21722525,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,zleipzig222,I am living off of nothing but cave carrots
76561198001736949,Recommended,413150,21493231,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Aerillious,She hated my present. :(I returned to my farm and farmed until it didn't hurt anymore.Turned out I grew some potatoes that the next girl didn't mind so much.
,Recommended,413150,23541860,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Blondy,Cant stop playing... im addicted. Hours can pass then you wonder why and how that happened?!Would totally recommend this game as it defiantly a big pass time
,Recommended,413150,24026797,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Row,"Good game, very well written and developed.My two fav things so far are being able to get pizza in the mail and this exchange:>Get Shane a beer for Winter Festival>He absolutely loves it>Oh look Jas is my 'Secret Friend'>What did I get>It's a piece of clay>Clay.>""I'm glad you moved here, Farmer Row"">T-Thanks.My friend got a Iridium Bar and I got Clay. Merry Winter Festival.10/10 GameWould reccommend"
,Recommended,413150,24029751,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,╳ Jas Gripen ╳™,"This game is really fun to play overall with all the activities (farming, fishing, mining and much more) and with the cutscenes. You can also start a family with kids and such.I think this game will be better with more updates, I have some ideas, They could add a more villagers or maybe more to the story?But really my only problem i have is that you can get into a ""rhythm"" when you feel that nothing new is happening but they did a good job with keeping that feeling away with all the events and such."
,Recommended,413150,24037928,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cutternut,"you could actually be out there making real money, but instead youre running a virtual farm that makes no impact on your life what so ever. Fun game though."
,Recommended,413150,24051041,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,antman,its alright
76561198076457084,Recommended,413150,24060858,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,momzilla,"This game is addictingly fun.  If you like to mine, or farm, or wander around and talk to people, you can do all that.  Once you've done all the obvious stuff and made tons of money, you can focus on finishing up the collections, so there is replayability.  Overall worth the money!"
,Recommended,413150,21831350,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Riki Nurhaliza,"*30th day Spring Year 1*not bad,i should stop now.........just one more day*go to bed*did i forget to go to mines?*continue playing**Few hours later,2nd year winter*oh god,iiiiiiiiiiiii mustttt staphhhhhhhhhhhhhhhfor god sake ill stop after this effing character go to bed*continue playing*rate 24/10 would get insomnia"
,Recommended,413150,21833846,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,JupiteL,"Despite having clunky control and menu and missing minor feature here and there, the game offer so much things to do. The reward system is also a great addition that is so satisfying to complete.9/10"
,Recommended,413150,21833917,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,please clean my beakers,Have you ever played Harvest Moon? Yes? Then it's all you need to know. This game is even better.
,Recommended,413150,21834899,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,coffeeandsconestime,"I watched two different Let's Plays on youtube that showed maybe the first... 5 days of the game? And I was kind of 'eh' about it. Honestly it just struck me as a slightly more scripted RPG version of Terraria at first. Or a less open-world version of Minecraft. I never played the Harvest Moon games that everyone seems to compare it to, so those were my best frames of comparison, and at a glance, that's what it looked like to me. But I figured hey, it's only $15 and I could use a new time sink, so why not...Now I have an addiction problem because I'm struggling to put the game down for any length of time. This town and these people have grown on me remarkably fast, because there's a real story here. They make you feel invested in what's happening and that's not what I was expecting at all. There's so many things to do that it doesn't start to feel like the same old thing over and over, between events, necessary chores, the quests, and even just going out around town to socialize. Or wooing a villager like I've been trying to do for a whole season. >.> So close, so very very close.This isn't at all what I thought it would be from the first glimpses I got of it - it's far better, and I'm so glad that I gave it a chance."
,Recommended,413150,27400101,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NightfallAli,"This game has so much amazing effort put into it. The addicting content to this simple yet heartwarming story is very fun to uncover your first few years, and after you do ""complete"" the story there's still plenty of after game content to try and accomplish or build up to. Grinding may get a little boring after a while but you don't always have to go down and mine or farm, you can run around the town and do some random things. The upcoming of mulitplayer will make this game all the more fun, even with my cons I highly recommend it.Pros:- First two years are filled with many options of exploration, this is where your hours will go.- Every character has a story you can uncover more about if you gain hearts with them, which means you always have the drive to involve smaller things in your daily life.- Four seasons which provide rewarding yet interesting farming, as in most crops are not multi-seasonal and they die if they are planted/growing in the wrong season. This prevents huge method of easy money grinding until around your third year when you unlock the greenhouse, as mentioned in my cons.- Buildings that you can house animals in, which are upgradable and provide profit on top of your crops. This also helps you complete the town's community center later on.- Your first mine, which always rewards you every few levels deep, meaning there's a drive to go further down to get better loot/discover new monsters and the second which provides an even harder challenge with no end and bigger reward.- Daily quests every one or two days means you always have something small to do.-  Interesting events happen based on progress and time in-game.- Soundtrack that doesn't get old to listen to.Cons:- Some places don't have much to them, such as the spa and sewer, meaning you rarely go into them.- After marriage, your husband/wife's storyline falls off and dies.- Greenhouse makes it way too easy to grind out huge money making crops and get rich fast.- Some tools are useless, AKA the pan, which doesn't give you enough for searching out puddles every time.- Animals barely play any part other than collecting and petting every day.- Eventually, far enough into your years, you stop getting the need to go down into the mines or collect from the beach, so the game seems to have less content. (Although this is a personal opinion.)- Same events happen year-round with no difference.- Map is rather small.- No mod support.Overall:This game took away 150 hours of my life and probably will take away even more. I can't really say the cons affected me any because hell, I still play this game daily. They were just small things to note. I highly recommend this as said earlier for any old Harvest Moon player or just somebody looking for something new and time consuming fun game as I did and as I definitely got. Love this game, love the developer, and it's got an amazing soundtrack to boot. Nothing else to it."
76561198092337140,Recommended,413150,27920872,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Parishnakov,"This game motivated me to quit my job of corporate hell to go live on a farm. Remembered no one left me a farm, now have plenty of time to play between shifts at the coal mine."
,Recommended,413150,28695901,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,telewizorr,cool so far
76561198294216394,Recommended,413150,26534347,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sir Ragealot,"This game is so good, that i felt guilty pirating it... now i'd bought it.10/10 would be guilty for piracy again"
,Recommended,413150,26788909,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spero_Mcgee,"A farming simulator game in the vein of the classic Harvest Moon but with its own distinct style. Starting off with turning an empty piece of land into a triving farm, this game will give you the same feeling of just 5 more mins like other excellent simulation games."
,Recommended,413150,26791075,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Forest_King,an exelent game that made me lose my sense of time
76561198048113836,Recommended,413150,26487474,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,PanchomanJuanSavage,>fresh game>adopt cat>work till exhaustion in fields>cat body blocks me from sleeping in my bed>passout from exhaustion in doorway10/10 irl cat simulator
,Recommended,413150,26961125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bbq dad,great gamea classica good one
,Recommended,413150,26968155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,El Jefe Máximo,"relaxing and quite fun game, would recommend if you want time to go by fast. Easy to play and to get addicted to."
,Recommended,413150,26840988,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ Mojojojo ☪,"I nominate this stardew as ""GAME WITHIN A GAME” because there are plenty of things you can do inside the game. This is the best!"
,Recommended,413150,27606289,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,woolfoma,"Amazing game, simply one of the best games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Would reccomend to anyone, period."
,Recommended,413150,27608037,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cjwprostar,Stardew Valley goes far beyond a simple Harvest Moon clone and carves out a place of its own in gaming history.
76561198085457726,Recommended,413150,27526508,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dawn666,dis gud
,Recommended,413150,26837626,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Picosaurus,"Awesome game that will run on almost any pc. Has enough of a story to give you a goal, but no negative consequnces if you just want to grow a hundrethousand parsnips instead."
,Recommended,413150,26845178,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MIBarth,"This game has something for everyone.  You can plant things, search for things, fish, fight in a dungeon or just hang out in the bar and play with an old arcade game.  Don't worry about the plot; we're all a disapointment to our grandparents."
76561198207623051,Recommended,413150,26804974,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BakedKarma,Highly addicting!
76561198044589924,Recommended,413150,26814056,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Glop,"It's like harvest moon, but with active patches. Fantastic game, 5/7 perfect score can't wait for co-op."
,Recommended,413150,26815206,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maze,Love it
76561198059030385,Recommended,413150,26126278,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,kingant5009,"Words can not simply express the amount of joy I get playing this game. The soundtrack is amazing, the characters and their personalities are incredibly charming, and the amount of things to do keeps on climbing. Overall, probably of the best games I've played in a really long time and definitely worth the price."
76561198040883451,Recommended,413150,26051045,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Athlov,Easy to get startedAddictingThere's something for everyone.Family friendly.
,Recommended,413150,27081435,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gman,One of the best farming simulator game. Can't wait for the multiplayer.
76561198009521840,Recommended,413150,27101518,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moonshiner1985,"Fun game, so many hours of play.Good for a relaxing time"
76561198056087903,Recommended,413150,27108073,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jeranttheman,Literal digital cocaine
76561198041777129,Recommended,413150,26930290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wolfy217,"It's kinda like Animal Crossing, but you don't have to be in debt"
,Recommended,413150,26934584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scott,"A relaxing game of farming and relationship building, and perfect for any fans of Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing."
,Recommended,413150,26940037,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keindorfer,"A modern and expanded Harvest Moon, I can't stop thinking to myself ""Okay, just one more day before i stop playing"" and so the seasons pass by ..."
,Recommended,413150,26484064,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mr. Luggy,"Pretty fuccin cool, just gimme co-op though for ♥♥♥♥s sake"
,Recommended,413150,21560289,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Valrion,"So while going about my own adventure I stumbled upon a homeless man in the middle of the night eating trash he found outside the residential homes. Upon seeing this I was met with a few dialogue options1. Eww You're Disgusting2. At least you aren't letting wasted food go to waste3. Its okay that you're doing this -- But Get a job and stop leeching off of other people.(options 4 and 5 were present but irrelevant to me *somewhere inbetween all these)AndI'LL BE DAMNEDIf I tell some hobo to get a job and then watch as he actually does and then ends up making more gold per day than I from said job. It will be a cold day in hell before I put myself in this completely hypothetical situation. SO HELL YEAHLinusKEEP EATING THAT TRASH BRO GREAT JOB!!Also early on in the game there was this egg festival which has a mini game involving an egg hunt around town, lets just say the first run didn't go my way so bending the space-time continuum (aka RESET) I was able to keep going and win the contest. My Prize for all the attempts made?A Straw Hat with no statsWORTH IT.This game is addicting even after a few hours into it I find myself thinking about it already when im not playing it.  Runs very smoothly for me, loving it.   It gets an 8/10 from me. I'd give it a 10/10 if days in-game didnt pass by so quickly-- but still you get used to it. Worth the $15 I spent.Edit:Hoping they let you change your outfit and hairstyle later on in the game but still too early to know for me~"
76561198070090079,Recommended,413150,22098925,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,♋Kuriza♋,Went to the wizard and gave myself a beard best 500G i have spent11/10
,Recommended,413150,21616685,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kotl of the Light,A perfected Harvest Moon clone under a hilarious and actually compelling story
76561198255337283,Recommended,413150,25990436,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,CoffeeCat_,FAVORITE GAME 10/10
76561198110039295,Recommended,413150,26002273,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mad_phoenix,"This game is amazing. If you have ever played Harvest Moon, then you will enjoy this game even more. For those who haven't, however, this game could be a very different experience from anything else you have played. Most people compare these kinds of games as real-life simulators, country life simulators, or games about chores. Although these accurately describe the game, it is hard  to say this captures the entertainment that these games can offer. Planting parsnips and nurturing animals may not sound like a game that would be entertaining, but once you start playing on your farm in stardew valley, or romancing one of the villagers, or fighting your way through a mine while drinking your homemade pale ale, you will reallize what fun these kinds of games can be."
76561198206761983,Recommended,413150,26005142,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Theglassmudkip,best game I own 10/10
76561198329272767,Recommended,413150,26008581,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Fox,"I was so excited to finally see a Harvest Moon like game for PC because the titles I was playing were growing stale and stagnant and I was tired of using an emulator just to play Nintendo geared products. This game is executed wonderfully and it surpassed my expectations.At the time I purchased the game, it already had an amount of content that would keep a person occupied for hours without the game play growing mundane. This is possible because of the versatility that the game possesses which combines crafting elements, simplistic combat, cooking, relationship building, mining, basic puzzle solving, animal husbundry and of course, farming.The last element that I must rave about is how fast and efficient the creator is when releasing updates to not only fix bugs but add substantial amounts of content in a timely manner. I also feel that he really listens to the community which is something that I value in high regard.Oh, and this is a given, but the pixel art environments that Eric Barone has created are absolutely stunning and mesh perfectly with the soundtrack."
,Recommended,413150,26013616,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,enthirty,it' Harvest Moon smuthered in crack cocaine.
76561198002024935,Recommended,413150,26021805,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Cucco Lion,The best of the genre.
,Recommended,413150,21498409,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Miss.Nikky,"This is a truly wonderful game from what I've experienced so far. The developer has been great with the bug fixing (first one within 24 hours of launch) so I really feel it's going to be well supported and the community will be listened to very much.So far I have reached the end of the first season and it has been an absolute blast. I've really loved every moment of the game and the very well done visuals that have been applied to it. The story so far has been interesting, and it doesn't take an overly pushy front seat. It starts you off and then lets you choose your own path. Sink or swim without a huge amount of hand holding.If you like Harvest Moon's farming style and progression then you're in for a treat. The game balance is very closely related and that makes it that much better! The dev has definitely learned from them what makes this genre good, and has applied it masterfully, and made it their own.Pros:FarmingRPG-esque miningSmooth, simple gameplaySpeedy updatesHuge amount of possible things to do each dayCharacter Customization is pretty well rounded, gives a lotIt feels like a wonderful tip of the hat to Natsume""Cons"" (More like requests):The initial time/action blanace seems a bit off. I don't always get as much done as I'd like.Running speed. I just wanna go a little tiny bit faster. Relates to the time/action balance really.Overall, I'd give this game 9/10 Parsnips."
76561197977096151,Recommended,413150,22117746,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Jonas,why did i just play this for six hours straight. why.
,Recommended,413150,27748001,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Koriana,Because it is awesome. That is all.
,Recommended,413150,23735261,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dabbo,"A great game, I would say a better take on Harvest Moon which it borrows heavily from. Lots of surprising depth to the game - it's not all farming."
,Recommended,413150,27395383,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dragon Lilith,"Do you live a stressful life? Do you find comfort in mindless tasks so you don't have to deal with the crazyness of the day you just had? Do you enjoy exploring, and experiencing countless options and dialogues? This game has taken over 200 hrs of my life because it lets me go into a simpler world, and make my own story. There are so many different love interests, trade focuses, and places to explore that each time I hop in I find something new. The stories are endearing, and very realistic in some sense. I've started 3 different games because I want to learn more about the various people in stardew valley, and have something to come home to and relax to. Such a great game, I highly recommend it! You'll get lost for hours!"
76561197998295186,Recommended,413150,23059282,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,kristin_05,So relaxing and pretty fun. Can get slow at times but still love it.Can't wait for new updates and to marry Shane <3
,Recommended,413150,26008726,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,silentdrew,This game makes me feel some type of way.
76561198329246754,Recommended,413150,26016003,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,abu3li-,good game
,Recommended,413150,25992151,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,TOMahwk,I waited 2 hours outside a man's bedroom so I could say hello to him.
,Recommended,413150,26016946,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Razeral,Harvest Moon all over again
,Recommended,413150,21822913,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bout73Ninjas,I love this game with all my heart. 45/10
,Recommended,413150,21838702,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Zoom In,"Stardew is love.Stardew is life.EDIT:On the topic of the Steam awards, this game definitely deserves an award. It's a fun way to waste time!"
76561198084463436,Recommended,413150,21932453,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,KUBRICK WITH 2 BRICKS,please help i have exams to study for why did i get this game
76561198150024574,Recommended,413150,21933840,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Troy Marshall,its a really fun game bur it would be even better if you could play multiplayer
76561198139543799,Recommended,413150,21935341,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,tinyguitarplaya,"Similar to Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing, Stardew Valley is a farm/life simulator that is addicting and can truly take over your life. It seems harmless at first, but by the time you're in Year 2 you're too far down the rabbit hole to return to everyday life (not that I would know this from personal experience or anything)....."
,Recommended,413150,21937512,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,NoMansKitteh,"I haven't been addicted to a game in a long time! Most games I play nowadays are just Play, Beat, Repeat. Stardew is different, however. I feel there is a reason to keep playing, keep upgrading your farm, getting animals, Etc. I absolutely love this game! It has a certain charm that very few games have now.GetThisGameNAO.Elebenty/10"
,Recommended,413150,21938082,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,N'abu,10/10 would farm again
,Recommended,413150,21938234,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,rob,"The past 14.5 hours have been the best 14.5 hours i've ever spent in a long time. And I mean a long time. This game is literally my favorite game that has ever been introduced to me. The style of the game is outstanding, the fact that it's an agricultural based game is amazing, the fishing is just wonderful. I got this game mainly to build a farm, grow crops, have a relationship with a cizizen, and explore the town. When I first saw the gameplay of it I quickly fell in love with it's graphics. Yes It's not Far Cry Primal graphics but It's even better. It's honestly better than real life. I can't wait for the countless amount of hours I will be putting into this game, nor can i wait for fall or winter, and exploring the entire mine. This game is perfect. Everything about it is perfect, even the worms that you can dig up and somehow find books in or clay. I cant wait for mods for it, or for new updates. This game is the best game.I highly recommend this game to anyone who just loves farming games, simulation games, and indie games."
76561198091164817,Recommended,413150,22036108,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Timez II,Fun Fun Fun
76561198249656014,Recommended,413150,22045346,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,earth12345thananan,The best of the best game.
,Recommended,413150,21787176,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,morfay,"Stardew Valley is a great farming game that brings back games such as Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon, but better.Pros:- good game- good soundtrack- good game- very good gameCons:- my back hurts- i have no more friends- god has abandoned me- helpjust buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game"
,Recommended,413150,21791160,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Plan C -inw #RyderNigga,"At first sight- Oh, this looks kinda like Harvest Moon. It's probably not as good though. Let's try it.After buying8.00 - 9.00AM - This is quite good!10.00 AM - 6.AM- JUST ONE MORE DAY............11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,413150,21672087,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Johnny Magma Cum,Very well optimized. I have a 980 ti and it uses a steady 2%10/10 Would buy another game that uses less power then Windows desktop while Idle:)
,Recommended,413150,21673043,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Just a Sandvich,"Let's make this simple, if you like Harvest Moon AT ALL, you will adore this game. If you don't know what Harvest Moon is, get it anyways."
,Recommended,413150,21675838,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,NefariousXIII,I found a whole cake in a trash can.Gave it to this cute girl in town.She loves it; says thank you for remembering her birthday.I didn't know it was her birthday.
76561198061123570,Recommended,413150,21679506,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,bmnccrazed,I have a crippling addictionI can't stop playing the gameI need help
,Recommended,413150,21679638,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,wcchristian,This game is phenomenal. It has been quite a while since I have been able to sit down and play a game non stop for 11 hrs straight. I cant wait to see what else concernedape has in store for us. Great Job!!! 10000000/10
,Recommended,413150,21699111,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,WhoLance,"This game is amazing so far! I love the feel of the game and it's ""chiller"" than the other games that are coming out. 10/10 would play again. Oh wait, brb let me get 20 more hours on this game."
76561198034153948,Recommended,413150,26912731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kaylock,"Para um bom fã de Harvest Moon ou Simuladores, este jogo tem de tudo.Cuidar de Fazenda, interagir com os moradores, metas (objetivos, quests, etc), combate e entre outros.O Criador inclusive está interessado em colocar multiplayer em 2017.Recomendado."
76561198067732254,Recommended,413150,26923652,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MaxInsanity,EXCELLENT 10/10 GAME I LOOOVE IT
76561198081337241,Recommended,413150,26957567,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iClassy,""" just.. one.. more.. day.. """
,Recommended,413150,26961000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[2.FJg]Krunch,"Very simple, yet addictively fun."
,Recommended,413150,26573923,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sammich,gg tons of re
76561198334889269,Recommended,413150,26608879,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,L16HT,such a good game tbh <3
,Recommended,413150,26544188,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Fat Seinfeld,This game is so goddamn relaxing. What's better than farming and chilling?
,Recommended,413150,26545495,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Louie.,"Slightly more addictive than crack cocaine, but with less withdrawrals."
,Recommended,413150,26740058,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,viri,s'beautiful
,Recommended,413150,27436456,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,❦ Piggy Pie ❧,"Ever wished Harvest Moon was on steam? Well. How about a BETTER version of Harvest Moon on steam? Here it is! so many different path choices you can go. Minning, tree choppin, socialise, harvesting, making gadgets, making your farm look nice, building stuff, getting married, having kids, helping people out. Its all here! BUY IT NOW!"
76561198023623792,Recommended,413150,27444246,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chitter Nodrey,This game is delightful. If you loved Harvest Moon- this game IS for you.
,Recommended,413150,27340402,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jim Rutt,Sick game.
,Recommended,413150,27343033,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zapp,This game is amazing. It is very addicting and well worth your money. Also there is tons to do so it will last you a long time.
76561198046114285,Recommended,413150,27348800,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anthler,Has captured more of the charm of Harvest Moon 64 in its first iteration than the developers of Harvest Moon/Bokujou Monogatari have been unsuccessfully trying to capture for the past 16 years. Highly recommended.
76561198062575170,Recommended,413150,27318742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FeltAphid,"""Oh I'll just play this for an hour or so.""Later...""What do you mean it's 2 am?""One of the most simply enjoyable games I have ever played."
,Recommended,413150,27323948,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Irow,Did to harvest moon what cities skylines did to simcity
76561198044002249,Recommended,413150,27369510,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mannu,"I am big Harvest Moon and Story of Seasons fan.  I have played them years already.So farming games are very close to my heart.  So buying Stardew Valley was natural thing to do.I was waiting medicore game with couple hours of fun While I wait next game to play.Oh how wrong I was. From the start with theme song and  intro. I was slowly sucked in. It was nothing new to me. You get a farm, its messed up, here is couple seeds and tools. No off you go and meet the villagers.Controls take no time to learn, faring mechanism is easy and anyone can handle it.I am not a 'social'  in these type of games. I talk people if they cross my way. In this game, the villagers surprised me. They are still evolving, but. One of them playing handheld, smoker. I even got invited to play game's version of DnD. I was hooked.  Visiting people, bringing gifts and learning the hard way what goes and what not. (I like fist to learn by hard way, keeping lots and lots of notes and discover stuff. Second time I go with internet)This game keeps evolving. And It has hooked me in. Growing my veggies and handling animals.This game is already good. And it is getting better and better.Just play it. You wont regret it."
,Recommended,413150,27374734,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Monsieur Gramen,"Harvest Moon 64 is still the best game ever, but this game tries to replicate that and does a pretty good job!"
,Recommended,413150,27377005,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Storm,An amazing and nostalgic farm management sim. cute and warm with adventure and msytery.
,Recommended,413150,27552290,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hiccupheadphone,"This game is probably my all time favorite of these time management games. This is everything you loved about games like Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing with better mini games, heartfelt and genuine story elements and balanced farming elements. Every update seems to improve upon the game with more content and I love how smoothly the game runs on both Windows and Mac.10/10 game, highly addicting and great soundtrack."
,Recommended,413150,25082126,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Beverage,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Got high with a wizard and talked to some apples. 420/10 Would blaze nature again.
,Recommended,413150,25619185,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Schnidel,"Wow. Just wow.I am impressed. One guy managed to create such a beautiful and huge game? Damn.Stardew Valley is probably the biggest love-letter to Harvest Moon, which obviously inspired the game and the creator ALOT. What was bad in Harvest Moon has been mostly fixed in Stardew Valley, plus on top of that, the creator searched far and wide in his skill-pocket and threw in a bunch of more mechanics from other games, successfully creating what is probably the best combination of farming-sim, exploration, resource gathering and more today.Hell. I was so inspired and impressed of this awesome work, that I even offered concernedApe my support and help for free (do I still need to mention that I am a hobby programmer? It already feels like I'm shoving it down people's throats lol), and I got turned down. lol.Nonetheless, I highly recommend this game, to ANYONE. Not only to those who are interested in these type of games, but to everyone who likes games in general, because it is the best example of how good a game can be, if the right time and skill is put into it. Yeah, take that EA. A single guy managed to pull off something this great, while you still enslave devs, thinking that they are able to create masterpieces in only  a few months. heh.I wish ConcernedApe would have accepted my free help tho :("
,Recommended,413150,23670646,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Professor Kansai,"So far my experiences with this game are incredible!The atmosphere is great, and in general, makes you want to not waste time you have. Wasted time equals less profit, which could hit you in the long run. Of course, you may heard of that Stardew Valley is similar to Harvest Moon and I totally see that. Tghis game could almost be a revamp.Building relationships are fun aswell as iot engages you to become closer as the YOUR story goes on.Overall great game, Would not trade in my soul to Joja-Mart/10."
,Recommended,413150,26989320,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZombiePickle,"This game has taken up a terrifying amount of my free time. After several hundred hours I eventually had to just put it away, as I couldn't keep myself from playing non-stop. Definitely worth checking out, assuming you like Harvest Moon style gaming and don't have an addictive personality."
76561197999562678,Recommended,413150,23829448,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MSG,"Bought this game Friday night, it's now Sunday evening and I've played 27.3 hours. I've barely eaten, I've barely slept. I'm trying to choose between being well rested for work tomorrow and trying to collect a little more Iridium. I'm not ready for adulthood."
,Recommended,413150,23830107,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,typervoxilations,10/10 would waste 70+ hours on to get married to a 2D character and adopt babies with againand againand again
,Recommended,413150,23830615,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nadrox,This game is epic ._.
,Recommended,413150,29448508,Posted: 23 January,all,King_Davion,"Stardew Valley is my second favorite game to this day. Personally I would recommend this game to anyone who has ever played any of the Harvest Moon games or even Animal Crossing and other similar games for that matter. As far as, the story goes the game does an excellent job of portraying events that occur in game. It also does a good job of giving the player a variety of tasks to do on any given day. These tasks vary from fishing all the way to killing living slime in the caves. Just like the Harvest Moon games there are a wide variety of bachelors and bachelorettes for you to marry. There are some places in and outside the town that are worth visiting, one of these places is accessible by the bus you take to your grandfather's old farm."
,Recommended,413150,29368670,Posted: 19 January,all,Tatooroc,"I never got to play Harvest moonas a kid, simply because I didn't think I'd enjoy it. Then I started playing terraria, minecraft, creativerse, a bunch of crafting games. Fun and all, but I still eventually got bored with them quickly, and repeatedly got frustrated when I either didn't get what I needed, or just didn't get any satisfying building. Whats more, I couldn't choose when or how enemies appear, so they always get in the way. (I'm looking at YOU, Terraria's Wyvern!!!)Then my friend recommended stardew valley. (She pirated it, naughty naughty, but then she bought the real game, so it's all good.) I was honestly suprised how entertaining the game was at first, experiencing the satisfaction of harvesting and selling crops, and eventually completing the community bunle ( and gaining major gains from pierre lol.)Ultimately this game is very fun and relaxing. Thereare a few bugs, like picking up an item while you open a chest can overite te chest item. (That turned the dark talisman into bug meat >.>), but the devs seem tot ake bugs seriously- no pun intended.My only complaint is that winter can be SUCH A BORE. Seriously, I know that you take this time to do some mining, but it doesnt make it any less painful."
76561198090448555,Recommended,413150,29369013,Posted: 19 January,all,Schmuckalow,iz gud game
,Recommended,413150,29268920,Posted: 15 January,all,Sang-Fantôme,A breathe of fresh air and a long awaited entry in PC gaming.
76561198139274457,Recommended,413150,29449416,Posted: 23 January,all,EJustBetter,It's super fun and totally worth every penny.
76561198124049766,Recommended,413150,29394750,Posted: 21 January,all,Partyowls,"Awesome game, really fun and addicting. 10/10 would most certainly recommend"
,Recommended,413150,28957593,Posted: 2 January,all,NyxieTheWolfayfay,"I would very much recommend this game!Although it gets a bit tedious with the weeds in spring and such, I love what the game has to offer!1) It has a playable quality>> Many games I play I usually can't sit and play for hours on end. This game, I can. It's very easy to get into the mood to play this game unlike many others for me. I'm very picky.2) This is like Harvest Moon <3 >> The farm, animals, how you can give affection to your farm animals, someone passed down the farm, thre's an inn, there are events, you can have a pet, etc. The thing that's the best so far when comparing the two games, YOU DON'T RUN SLOW!!!!!!!!!! <3 <33) It's price is very cheap for the great gameplay you get. I've seen games more expensive that suck, unlike this affordable and amazing game O.O <34) Although the deweeding process is a bit annoying, it's very easy to keep up with working on your farm as long as you have food. I love how easy it is to get great food such as Sashimi (Sebastian <3) when all you need to do is get Linus to three hearts which is also very easy. Making money and getting house upgrades are a lot of work, but in the end, it's worth it.I could go on, but I want to get back to playing XD I just thought I'd let everyone know that it is very much worth it!!! <3(I hardly write hearts XD)"
76561198114291250,Recommended,413150,28890390,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jerella,"Very relaxing to just dip in and out of, but so tempting to do just one more day before closing the game down - and there goes another hour!"
,Recommended,413150,28896280,Posted: 1 January,all,Xiao_Ho,A perfect harvest game
,Recommended,413150,28897895,Posted: 1 January,all,Nixcholas,"I'm not normally the type to write reviews..but for this game I just cannot help it, man..where do I even startThis game is perfect for anybody who is into progression, storytelling, and relationbuildingStardew Valley has been the game I have been looking for.. I was first considering Farming Sim 17 but stumbled across this game in the process, and boy I am very grateful for that. This is one of those games that I thought was going to be a 2 hour sort of game and never pick up again..but I just bought it the other day and haven't been able to stop playing..I definitely...definitely recommend this game to anyone out there who is looking for a good way to spend the day at the computer.Pros --Progression-Replayability-Artwork-Relationship building (Friendship, Marriage, etc)-Intermediate difficulty (Combat)-Easy to strategize and plan ahead-Reasonable pricing at $14.99 (Would buy at $40-$60 after playing)Cons --NO Multiplayer (Yet?)-Music (Very repetitive, had to turn down)"
,Recommended,413150,28832744,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,"Harvest Moon meets Animal Crossing. Yes, this is fun."
,Recommended,413150,28855069,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Marche,"Great romance game, has a bit of farming to fill in the gaps, definitely pick up if you have the spare cash"
76561198043545281,Recommended,413150,28966162,Posted: 2 January,all,VenomBoy,i have a fulltime jobits called stardew valley
76561198121334319,Recommended,413150,29327040,Posted: 17 January,all,Lurker,Good game
,Recommended,413150,27914740,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,That One Gay Swordswoman,"Stardew Valley is worth the pick up trust me, if your a fan of sandbox games you will feel right at home with this little gem"
,Recommended,413150,27671616,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tidda,"If you enjoy games like Harvest Moon this is right up your alley. If you've never played a Harvest Moon game before it's a wonderfully cute and chill farming sim. There are relationship elements as well as fishing, mining and battling if just farming isn't enough for you. I managed 100+ hours for under $15 so I can't really fault it."
76561198113319878,Recommended,413150,25890928,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,timid4949,amazing
,Recommended,413150,26518726,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,nicozhenxi,I love this game!
,Recommended,413150,27104585,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[CMPR]Sgt.GrandpasSon,"It's not a game. All the time when I log in, It feels like I'm home. I recommend it..."
,Recommended,413150,27063213,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Malhyun,I want Harvest Moon for PC all this time.What i get is more than Harvest Moon.Thank you ConcernedApe for developing this game.
,Recommended,413150,27065578,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Unknownfool,Harvest moon type game thats more fleshed out then harvest moon has been in years.
76561198038252695,Recommended,413150,26987985,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bozz Liteyar,this game will eat your soul
76561198043647981,Recommended,413150,26907330,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tissa,"Great game, for those who used to love and still love being able to create, develop and evolve your own farm.Harvest Moon lovers will absolutely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,413150,26909009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pols,give me my ♥♥♥♥ing badge
,Recommended,413150,26916856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JPSallaberry,"Harvest moon player? Animal crossing lover? Then take it, you will love it"
,Recommended,413150,27082358,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sinatra,"It's very rare in this day and age of videogame design (quick production turnover and the industry moving towards massive studio efforts) that you can find a game like Stardew Valley. It is better than any AAA title I have played in a LONG time and  refuse to believe that it was made by just one developer. This is what happens when a passion project shines! <310/10, time to get addicted reader!"
,Recommended,413150,27090433,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Donkin,I'm writing this review for the stream awards.
,Recommended,413150,29095829,Posted: 7 January,all,123Weeaboo.eu,"Great game, would recommend"
76561198150558726,Recommended,413150,29100560,Posted: 7 January,all,ikbengeengeit,"I was doubting between recommending and not recommending, but I chose to recommend. However, I do think the controls of this game are terrible, and make the game very frustrating. How often I've picked up my mayonnaise machines or furnaces when trying to gather their product, it's immensely frustrating. Or how often I have destroyed crops by accident when trying to cut a tree that happened to be close. Or how often I have wasted energy when watering the same tile five times because I somehow couldn't manage to let the game know I was clicking the tile next to it. Or how often I have milked thin air because my cow was just a millimeter in the wrong direction.I must say, the system that makes it impossible to save any time else than at night has prevented many rage quits.Great game, would recommend if you have a calm mind that can handle frustrations."
,Recommended,413150,29127217,Posted: 8 January,all,Lhmen,"If you don't like farming and slow paced thing like that you will still like this game, I thought it might be boring until I played it and got sucked into it."
,Recommended,413150,29608506,Posted: 31 January,all,Dark Willow,"This game is frankly wonderful. You can play it however you like, farming, fishing, ranching, and you meet a charming little group of people in this little village that makes up stardew valley. The game is in a sixteen bit art style, and is an extremely colorful game. For me it is a slow burn, with me still having things to do at a hundred fifty hours in, but others seem to get through it in sixty hours or so. The soundtrack is wonderful, the sound effects, while simple, are great, and the game has a depth to it that I would not have expected out of a game like this.The characters are also extremely interesting with their own little schedules that change daily with the days and seasons, and they all have individual personalities that you get to learn as you get to know them.The downsides to the game is that the people's responses pretty much never change, and you will get tired of them after a few years of in game play. The controller support is also a bit dodgy, but has gotten a lot better since I got it almost a year ago. The game is improving all the time, and definetaly worth the price of admission. Also get the soundtrack if you can, it is a wonderful little piece.Overall, I give it a nine out of ten."
,Recommended,413150,28040360,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pieter™,It's good.
,Recommended,413150,28854206,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,S4D TURTL3,"I remember when i was a kid, i used to play Harvest Moon and always fail in my farm.This game was my revenge, 12 of the 18 hours spent on this were from the first time i launched the game, it is a beautiful game, the way fishing works, the way you can explore the mines, the combat system it all works so fine.It's not only the nostalgia factor from Harvest Moon, the game is just so great, i am very excited for the hours i will continue playing this game, totally would recomend this, you will enjoy it if you played harvest moon and even if you didn't."
76561198058599109,Recommended,413150,28893384,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nuka Cola Ice Cream Float,"This has a learning curve that is vastly helped by using google and reading the steam forums. I really love this game, except for the deeply frustrating fishing mini game, which I just can't get to work even some of the time, Since there's a disproportionate amount of things that depend on fishing, it kind of hobbles parts of the game. Otherwise, it's really addictive and fun. Something about the retro graphics and the fun storyline just sucks me in and doesn't let go."
,Recommended,413150,29289192,Posted: 15 January,all,Dizzy2D,"More than a Harvest Moon clone, this game is everything I always wanted Harvest Moon to be."
76561198084049349,Recommended,413150,29307337,Posted: 16 January,all,gobig0,I have to say this game has lived up to and surpased all of the hype. A truly enjoyable game and a wonderful soundtrack.
76561198119135774,Recommended,413150,29231926,Posted: 13 January,all,Zethareos,I named a cow Big Bertha. 10/10Best relaxing game whenever you're stressed out.
76561197992860944,Recommended,413150,27788192,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AzzKikr143,It's the kind of Farmville you can play and not hate yourself for after.
,Recommended,413150,27562415,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,memory castle,"Some of my earliest and fondest gaming memories are of Harvest Moon and the Nintendo 64. Since that game and console I haven't had the same childlike wonder. I imagined this was due to getting older and more jaded as the years and games passed by. Stardew Valley turned assumption on its head. I feel like I'm 10 years old again; farming in my pajamas all night. Micromanaging crops, animals, and love meters with a healthy dose of adventure thrown in. The visuals and soundtrack make you feel warm and cozy through every season, in game and out. I can't wait to go back."
,Recommended,413150,27563365,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snow Leopard,"Good gameGood+ nice music+ freindly UI with easy mechanics+ farm, animal, town, events+ lots of things to do in game apart from farming+ HaleyBad- a bit repetitive- contents which will start to get bored after 30~40 hours"
76561198294300895,Recommended,413150,27080708,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,殺せない,Pixel art + farm life = great game
,Recommended,413150,27932402,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IamMortui,"Nominated the ""BEST USE OF A FARM ANIMAL"" This game is amazing."
,Recommended,413150,27595418,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anfia :3,The best Harvest Moon lookalike RPG Farming game...Still... waiting for Harvest Moon - Seeds of Memories :'')))))
76561198337758779,Recommended,413150,28218713,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ThatGuyWasHere02,This game is so fun  i spend 50hours in no time!
76561197981588360,Recommended,413150,28239841,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,40GallonTophat,"This game is a great time-sink.  There's not story to speak of and once you've gone through the handful of secrets in the game you really have to be self-sufficient on keeping yourself occupied.  Great modding suppoo learnrt as well.Ps & Cs:+ Easy to learn+ Tons of mods to tweak the game to your liking+ You can really dump time into this+ Lots of little secrets to keep you exploring- Not much story- Not much in terms of big secrets (until the end game)- Relationship ""mini-game"" is very shallowtl;dr: If you're looking for a place to dump your time, you've hit pay dirt."
76561198171908939,Recommended,413150,26932166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Era,Y'know how sometimes you just want to runaway from your stressful urban life and go stand amongst a bunch of fully organic produce? That's what this game is for.
76561198241435830,Recommended,413150,29929923,Posted: 14 February,all,Star~Verse,This game is amazing a great buy the life feel of the game makes it fun but my only problem for you players is that the game dosent have a zoom in out out option *that ive found* so my game has a little mouse issue and it zoomed in and now i cant close out of notes and etc so i may have broke my game but it is the best game ive baught.Run on sentance
76561198039521771,Recommended,413150,27254425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tyschab,"Definitely deserves the ""just 5 more minutes"" award."
76561198013362335,Recommended,413150,27305174,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arstotzka,"If you've played any of the Harvest Moon games or if you want a Harvest Moon equivalent for PC, this is the game to buy"
,Recommended,413150,26939025,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LearnToFly,"Great game, tons of fun, lasts for a long time - what else could you want? You can mine, farm, build things, customize your farm to your liking, there's plenty of things to do. And once you get into the groove, it's extremely hard to break away from wanting to keep on playing."
,Recommended,413150,26964428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord_Syn,"This game is pretty cool, im not much for Harvest Moon type games but this one is different and pretty interesting, i would recomend it"
76561198202407209,Recommended,413150,27351667,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Merlinidas,Stardew valley is the cozyest game I have played in a long time. This is a game I would sit down to enjoy as well as getting lost in the bay of Pellicon Town. This game sends you far into the deepest depths of lore and story.
,Recommended,413150,27367988,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Panda,"The most satisfying, soul building game I've ever played. All it needs is multiplayer so I can farm with friends."
76561198014671953,Recommended,413150,27372453,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gatlingbluelives,great game
76561198090548217,Recommended,413150,25823242,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,RockerMichael,"Funny and heartwarming, yet it has a secret dark side, and I can't stop playing this game because it reminds me so much of Harvest Moon"
76561198015499042,Recommended,413150,28302153,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Pythagoras_1985,A true work of art. That is exactly what this game is. The detail in all aspects of this game are just presented with such care and heart that I feel like I am playing a masterpiece for the Super Nintendo that would have held it’s own against the great game titles of the early 1990s. I have been playing video games for almost 30 years and this game will go down as one of my favorite games of all time. Truly a fun and amazing experience. We can only hope for other developers to deliver games like this more often.
,Recommended,413150,27859140,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheGodEmperor,"This game is simple but dangerously addictive. First you are just clearing your farm and planting crops and then the next thing you know you are cave diving for loot and trying to be the best villager in the town. I can't tell you how many times I thought I would just play for like 30 mins and end up playing for hours. This game has a solid story and great characters. If you have the 10 bucks to spare, it's a must buy."
76561198049554314,Recommended,413150,27861230,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PEaK88,Rebirth of Harvest Moon : Back to Nature (Pixels kind) on PCLove it!   (^_^)b
,Recommended,413150,27864896,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DayNife,Fun game but eventually you get to a point where you've done everything and there's nothing more to do. Story aspects were its strongest points but it could do with some expansion.
,Recommended,413150,23402319,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,RetroLegend,"Great game. There are many friends to make, many enemies to find, alot of pets, and SO MUCH CUSTOMIZATION!!! The only problem is that it's not multiplayer. when will that be coming out? IDK! but untill then this is a game for people with no friends."
,Recommended,413150,25839715,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,hopelle,"I loved Harvest Moon games as a kid, and this game lets me get back to that world -- except with more features and a more modern outlook. At last I don't have to decide which candidate I want to marry before picking my game character! Add to that the combat, mods, and other lovely things, and I have spent far too many hours on this game -- or perhaps not quite enough yet."
,Recommended,413150,22010360,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Sawer,Amazing !
,Recommended,413150,22076917,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mikeyspinkick,"Like Harvest Moon, only better"
76561198058643014,Recommended,413150,22306589,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Sup Gamers,Honestly it's amazing just get it
76561197975572679,Recommended,413150,22308831,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,NaRXs|sT,That Havest Moon feeling with extra and more....cant beat that
76561198074936332,Recommended,413150,22333797,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Wanderer🌻,I love this game.
,Recommended,413150,22350156,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,milo0221,this game is amazing i highly recomend it to anyone althought this year isnt done yet im pretty sure by the end of it this game could potentially be on my top 3 favorite games of the year its really a great game. The only thing i dislike about it is that ive done most everything there is to the game now and its starting to get slow. I know the maker is working on more stuff so im excited for the futre of this fgame so i can again have as much fun as i did for my first 70 hours of the game
,Recommended,413150,28839988,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,dek,Great game
76561198164915858,Recommended,413150,28841188,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,masterflannel,"I wasn't a huge fan of pixellated video games before this, I had watched some like To The Moon, Pokemon etc, but never found any of them interesting. I've even watched gameplay of this game, and found it slow going. But I had some extra money to burn for the steam sale, so I figured I'd buy it and see what happened. Right from the start the game has heart and a cute, quaint storyline, that takes you from the hustle and bustle of modern life, into the slower pace of countryside living. From then on you're set to your own devices, not many stupid tutorials, just get right down into it and start building. To be honest, if there was one word to describe this game it would be addictive, you start getting into the game where you feel almost like a townsperson yourself, with aims and goals that you work towards. Personally I'm actually enjoying this game immensely and plan on purchasing more titles from this developer in the future (shameless promotion inserted), but if you enjoy crafting/farm games that have a storyline to them this is the game for you. If you're not, I'd still recommend trying it out, who knows you might just enjoy your stay in the valley."
,Recommended,413150,28843202,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,goathead,good game
76561198245540366,Recommended,413150,29105428,Posted: 7 January,all,ThrowbackNerd,"Super cute, I love it! Very easy to get lost in the game, it's like Harvest Moon + an RPG game. More goal oriented, very feel good game! Every character has an interesting backstory."
,Recommended,413150,29109959,Posted: 8 January,all,PUϟϟY,"literally the best game i have ever bought, at first you're gonna be like overwhelmed by all the possibilities that you can do at the early state of the game, but later (couple weeks in game time) you will start getting what's going on and start making plans and that's when this game getting SO MUCH FUN. I'M NOT KIDDING THIS MAKES ME STOP PLAYING DOTA AND I CANT BE HAPPIER SINCE THEN. NO MORE SALT IN MY LIFE."
,Recommended,413150,21959630,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,eggsword,Dug in Sam's trash.Found Joja Cola.Gave Cola to Sam.Sam liked.
,Recommended,413150,21966983,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kaizen,I have potato blood in my veins.My life is potato.In your work live and you're living its always potatoes.I dream of potatoes.When we are going to harvest in your hart and in you're mind you feel hat you are going to export the potato and you are not going to see it anymore. That hurts.The family thinks always from morning to evening about the potatoes.
,Recommended,413150,22818696,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rei-chan,"Game's really cool. You can do whatever you want. Do you like animals? Sure, you can raise chickens, cows, goats, ducks, even dinosaurs and slimes, if you want. Do you like fighting and searching for treasures? There are The Mines and one different, special place, where you will find those things. Socialising? Go ahead - giving gifts to people or just talking with them is the best way to become everyone's friends. And in this game you have some other ways to spend your time. Stardew Valley makes you thinking: ""Fine, just one more day and I'm done for today"". And then week-in-game passes and you realize that you should stop. But you can't go back. Not anymore."
,Recommended,413150,22821356,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,SciKhonsu,"This is my official favorite game of all time, next to earthbound and some other shooters ETC. srsly iv had it for about a week and a half, almost 60 HOURS im addicted, best game of all time srsly, i pretty much wasted a week and half of my life, and havent done everything to do in this game, havent even completed it, 10/10 WOULD WASTE MY LIFE ON THIS AGAIN P.S. im goin to :P"
76561198073329606,Recommended,413150,21678677,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,YungUrg,Gets tired at 11 AM goes to bed untill 6 AM next day. Gets tired at 11 AM again 10/10 simulator
,Recommended,413150,21680140,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kat,I've never been so infatuated with farming in my entire life.
,Recommended,413150,26821149,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Antedeguemon,10/10 would play again
76561197991143168,Recommended,413150,26843873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Admiral Mudkipz,This game is great if you want to just relax and have fun.
76561198311595400,Recommended,413150,26858199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lightside61900,If you are a fan of the old harvest moon games this is the game for you.
76561197992318249,Recommended,413150,24664033,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Edgelord Dankmeme,"So, I bought Stardew Valley during the summer sale.I apparently played nearly fifty hours in about two weeks.I forgot what the sun looked like, but hey, I gotta make sure I have kegs to make beer so all the villagers loved me.If you like Harvest Moon, you'll like this, it's really that simple.If you like a bit of Slice of Life, you'll probably like this.If you like to take things at your own pace, you can, the game really doesn't rush you on anything, all of the events happening in the game will happen again, you're never forced to actually have a certain amount of money or a certain level of farm stuff like that, you can really play it however you want.Hell, if you wanted, you could completely avoid farming and make all your money by fishing or mining.Or, you can be a humble crop farmer who wakes up in the morning, waters his crops with a watering can and checks on his barn animals, and goes about his day.If you wanna play super efficient and have an industrialized ""farm"" that makes you more money than God before the end of year 2, you can do that as well. Key to that woud be Kegs. Lots and lots of kegs.There's a lot to do in this game, you won't be running out of things to look for or finish for quite some time."
,Recommended,413150,23661194,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,King Koopa,"If your a fan of animal crossing or Harvest Moon, this will be the best $15 you will ever spend in your life. This game will get you addicted like if you were taking some strong crack and steroids. This is one of the best games of this platform and it will promise to keep giving you things and never get boring through all the possibilities this game has to offer. You will soon find yourself throwing dozens even hundreds of hours playing this brilliant made gem and soon to come. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,24342192,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,trakasis(~˘▾˘)~,"If you enjoyed theHarvest Moongames like I did, you'll love this game. It's an extremely relaxing and realistic (kind of, you can't grow dinosaurs in a ranch) farming RPG thing. You can fish, forage, farm, mine, and do all kinds of stuff. There are 30 people you can talk to, can marry 10 of them, gift them things, the whole shebang. The fact that one person did this over four years as well is pretty crazy.Only two bad things with this game (out of 10,000!): it's a rather slow start, so the first month (Spring, in the game months are seasons) will feel like a little bit of a slog. Second thing is that it's an extremely steep learning curve, like Kerbal Space Program. There arelotsof things that aren't explained, like how to feed animals, how to obtain specific items, a lot of trial and error finding out what people like, how bait works, etc. It's almost as if the developer wanted you to rely on the wiki (which is an extremely helpful source!). Still, it's afantasticgame. Definitely worth buying, even if not on sale."
,Recommended,413150,24355568,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,miau,"I could not believe, that a single developer made this game. The elaborate details, dialogues and cut scenes harmonize with the atmospheric soundtrack making this game a great country-life-RPG. If you like Harvest Moon, you will also like this game.10/10 Would rummage waste bins again."
,Recommended,413150,24366569,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Actual Downey,Hey Thats Pretty Good!
,Recommended,413150,24367861,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,KatHat,You get to farm and be gay.
,Recommended,413150,23461827,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Elfinlocks,"So, it took me over a hundred hours but I managed to 100% Stardew Valley. So now I'm obligated to give you my opinions on it!PROS:-Lovable Characters-Charming gameplay-Simple yet visually pleasing graphics-Goals to work towardsCONS:-You either love or hate fishing, there is no in between-Completing the museum, much like in Animal Crossing, is a ♥♥♥♥♥-If you're a baddie like me, dungeon delving is tough-If you want to 100%, Fector's Challenge/Journey of the Praerie King in general is a ♥♥♥♥♥Regardless of the downsides, this game is very reminiscent of Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon as I'm sure you've heard already if you're looking over reviews, which is very accurate. I was generally more reminded of Harvest Moon than Animal Crossing, however the characters are more fleshed out and realistic than what I've seen from either series. Also something to keep in mind - don't take this game too quickly like I did; I was in a bit of a rush to 100% complete it, and kind of missed out on the joy of taking my time in the game and enjoying it, which I regret. You can easily spend over 200 hours on this game when taking your time, and I recommend taking full advantage of that."
,Recommended,413150,28530191,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Arc Ignis,"Wanted to relive Harvest Moon when I first saw this game, got 1,000x more in return."
,Recommended,413150,28854008,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,elemlo,'S a good game
,Recommended,413150,28717407,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Half W0lf,I started playing a few days ago and been hooked. Looking forward to any dlc that will come out for this game.
,Recommended,413150,28711308,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NATILO,"With 90+ hours in the game, and 65% achievemnets earned, I think it's safe to say that I love this game. It's easy to get started with, immersive enough to not get boring and the possibilities are almost endless. GG to the ConcernedApe and Chucklefish for one hell of a game!"
76561198284547290,Recommended,413150,28764695,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PandaWarrior,"What a amazing game this is! I have been wanting to play this since I heard about it, and since it went on sale, I could'nt resist. Knowing that I loved games such as Harvest Moon(back on my ds), I knew that this game was very similar in ways. After 10 hours so far, I say do not regret buying the game. This game is perfect for those who loves Harvest Moon, the only elements of this game that I say are not quite on par is the story(as of right now) and the lack of interesting characters. Other than that, the game is amazing. This game is meant to be very casual and a game where you unload hours of playtime in a soothing matter. I'd say get it, if your into these types of farming games. P.S This game was made by ONE person, and so that says alot when he put tons of work into this great game!"
76561198129703372,Recommended,413150,23935561,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,meggierilakkuma,"one of my very favorite games! steam says i have 33 hours on record but counting what i've played offline I've played over 44 hours of this game. it's so worth buying especially now when it's on sale.you can work on your farm (very harvest moon-like) or go in this cave-like place and fight enemies and get rocks and stuff, or you can focus on your animals; it's really a good game for whatever you like.  (plus it's full of cuties who you can marry!!!)"
76561198295089369,Recommended,413150,23847354,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,natehicks02,I do not recomend this game if you do not like good games that are amazing and fun.
76561198166356558,Recommended,413150,23880932,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,¸.•*´ MasterCreator64`*•.,Hey this game is amasing terraira like but instead its not in the wild and its a great game!!!
,Recommended,413150,23969172,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,KAKASHI NARUTO DESU,finally. my dream of becoming a beekeeper can be achieved 10/10
,Recommended,413150,24013086,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ღゝ◡╹)ノ♥,"> Found a NEET> Found lots of things in common with him> Marry him and feed him Sashimi everyday> He now can make games and thank me for that9/10 only fishing is so annoying2016/11/24 update:Relaxing and Stressful at the same time.I enjoy the game, but want to make as much money as I can, do everything as much effective as I can. This game is consuming my life.Best farming game ever. 9.5/10, until I get all the achievements."
76561198117015908,Recommended,413150,24019176,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,finoma,"This game is like Heroin, if heroin was brightly colored, pleasantly peaceful, and full of charm. This game is pretty enough to eat, the game play is intuitive, and the stories that unfold unexpectedly are engaging and manage to strike a great balance between cute and slightly emotional. Especially in the earlier part of the game, each season brings something new and fun, and watching the game change slightly as you build relationships with the townfolk is extrememly satisfying. This Harvest-Moon esque game has so much going for it, and I've split 240 hours between two save files.The Negatives:+There are a few wobbly mechanics, mostly involving where the tools that you use fall. You can turn on a detector that will outline the square you are about to strike in a red outline, and that helps,  but it can still be tricksy. It gets frustrating when your farm starts to get big and you have to spend so much time replacing sprinklers and fences and scarecrows and crops you accidentally hit. Additionally, I feel like your swordswipes are just a bit off from when you press the button. I got used to it, but it feels slow.+I sort of wish there were some hints in the game about how to progress relationships with people and where to access cutscenes. I did not read any walkthroughs or spoilers for this game when I played, and it took me forever to find some of the cutscenes.+The biggest issue with the game is how easy it is to get your farm completely automated. Once your farm does everything but harvest itself, there is suddenly nothing else in the game to do except go into the minds and the desert cavern, which gets old.+The festivals being exactly the same every year. They even have the same items for prizes, with the exception of getting the hat for the fishing competition the first time.The Positive:+Literally everything else. Atmosphere, pacing, music, palette, gameplay, hidden items, quests, farming, the hidden Dwarven items, hidden characters. It's all good and worth the time this temptress of a game wants to steal from you."
,Recommended,413150,24188417,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,@pitiksumbo,"> arrived at farm> greet everyone> met this lady south of my farm> her name is Marnie> she's in charge of the ranch> start giving her random gifts> became friends> I can go to her room> found a ""purple short"" belong to 85-years old Mayor on her roomBest Game 8/8"
76561198088246226,Recommended,413150,24103574,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Plinko,"Undeniably the greatest farming simulator game I have ever played. Not only does it have a deep farming system where you steadily progress with farm upgrades allowing you to make more money,  various other facets of the game such as mining and building relationships with your neighbors elevates this game from a solid purchase to a must-own. Do yourself a favor and buy Stardew Valley for the low price of 15 bucks (a complete steal by the way). I literally played this game for six hours in a row last night and didn't get to bed until 5:00 AM."
76561198062775179,Recommended,413150,24405661,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,slowpoke,My dog survived two years without water.TWO. YEARS.
,Recommended,413150,22291760,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,MattBrant,It's nice.
76561198051964011,Recommended,413150,22320317,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,M'aiq the Liar,Most addicting thing since crack cocaine.
,Recommended,413150,21777373,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Shadow,Simply excellent.
,Recommended,413150,21801313,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SirSleepzAlot,Kinda regret buying this for my wife on my account.. now i can't get on my steam account lol
,Recommended,413150,28425526,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,r0land,The best game of 2016. Nothing to say more.
76561198137179339,Recommended,413150,28356341,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,蜀山大头鱼,"Dear gamedeveloper,there are quite a few people liking and playing this game in China, and we are eager to have a Chinese-language patch."
,Recommended,413150,28791470,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,NovinChaos,"To be honest, Stardew Valley is the game that made me stop downloading pirated games. I realized that the developers deserve all the credit for the quality, effort, and love that was put into this game (and all the other games I bought afterwards that I previously pirated).Yes, please get this game. Please enjoy it as much as I did, as evidenced by the hours I spent in this game. And please, support the developers, especially ConcernedApe, who had created a wonderful game that brought back childhood memories. :D"
,Recommended,413150,27960273,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bluebolt88,"A fantastic indie game from a lone developer. Brings harvest moon style gameplay to the PC, in a gorgeous pixel art way. Manage your farm, grow crops dependant on the season, gather resources, dare the mines and dungeons to get minerals, make friends with the locals and even find a wife. This game has a lot of variety and allows for creativity. Be careful though, it has tendancies to swallow hours of your life whilst you keeps hearing yourself say...""I will play just one more day"""
,Recommended,413150,27963335,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Praeses,Took me back to the Harvest Moon Days.
76561198268673611,Recommended,413150,27968608,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,UndyneLove,"I nominated this game for the ""Game within a game"" award because of all of the hours I've sunk into playing ""Journey of the Prairie King"". And the scene where you play it with Abigail to get past the first level made me so happy.I could have nominated this game for so many other awards but this is the one that personally stood out to me for Stardew Valley."
76561197985812540,Recommended,413150,27941448,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheMisterCrispy,VEry nice got al lot a ho's ye
76561198243065112,Recommended,413150,28093448,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,redhedredemption,"If harvest moon and ruin factory had a baby this would be it, highly reccomend Stardew Valley to those who enjoy those games."
76561198066436011,Recommended,413150,28040494,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,melody78b,"I've spent a lot of time in this indie game; I love it!  There's lots to do, explore, grow, gather, make, catch, find, and conquer.  You can design your farm and make a living in so many different ways. Great game Concerned Ape, thank you!"
,Recommended,413150,28044057,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PanDaran,"I really addicted this game about several months, and can explain it..... gives us a mood of healing.Farming , Sounds, Fishing, and much of things were fantastic.Talk about a little bit of fault , for me was a tiresome mining system. Some constructions or items were need a lot of ores and it gave me some stress.BUT except that, I cant find any flaw."
76561198031221645,Recommended,413150,27060731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Puddings™,Easily one of the best games I have played so far on Steam. Relaxing environment with great backstories for each of the NPCs.
76561198007278249,Recommended,413150,27062204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Khezgaan,"If you like harvest moon, you will like this.You will lose hours of sleep because of this game."
,Recommended,413150,27070953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TeX,"This game is a work of art, I highly respect what the creator has done to create this game after so long"
76561197991981121,Recommended,413150,27282774,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,crumpetsatdawn,Absolutely brilliant. A labour of love. Utterly charming and endlessly entertaining.
,Recommended,413150,27039134,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,seakae,Probably the game of the year.
,Recommended,413150,27054261,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,a_ile,▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓███▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▓██▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▒▒███▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓███▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓███▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓██▒░▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓░▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒██▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒██████████████████████▓▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█████████████████████▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░. ▓█▓▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█████████████████▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████████████████▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████████████████▒▒▒▒▓██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░▓█▓▒▒▒▒▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒██▓▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒██▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓██████████████████████████▒▒▒
,Recommended,413150,27307171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RyeCreams,one of the best games on the steam market
,Recommended,413150,27244888,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YXCSPR.YASS,Bought 2 chicken.It gave me eggs.I made mayonaise.Im satisfied.10/10
,Recommended,413150,27245221,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Altodurrgon,"I haven't played this game in a while but I still think this game is good so bear with me on this.Stardew Valley is an indie game focused on giving you a modern day experience of the times of when games like Harvest Moon were the rage cause it draws a lot of its inspiration from the series. You decide to start a farm bored of the monotony of modern life and decide to take up residence on the farm your grandfather left you in his will.How you go about your way in this game is up to you. Plant crops, raise livestock, become a fisherman, become a hunter as you take on the monsters that roam the Valley's mine or help the mysterious creatures that roam the town's community center to help restore the town to it's former glory, it's all up to you.The game's modding community is pretty strong too with various mods for you to use within the game to change the look of the game or it's characters, give extra features and so on (though to date most require you to run the game outside of the client but can always readd the modded client back into steam).If you are looking to relive the nostalgia of games like Harvest Moon or just wanted a game where you get to live the life of a farmer then this game is the one for you."
76561198039672149,Recommended,413150,27719841,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsey,"Concerned Ape put a lot of love into making this game and continue to make updates. Fun, relaxing, and at the same time complex. Great value for the money."
76561198045492271,Recommended,413150,27143827,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cpt.Digo,"Very well done, reminds me of the old times when games used to be simple, even though this indie game is made by a single person, It's better than many others nowadays. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,27229457,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AlayenEisenfell,Better than what Natsume is making these days.
,Recommended,413150,27232795,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pipbutt3000,Fills my need for Harvest Moon.
,Recommended,413150,27568189,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,J.KE,"As you can see I've clocked a few hours into this game, after 3 in-game years i'm a Millionaire, I have all the best gear you can get, and have a wife and two kids.When I got this I played for hours on end, from waking up in the morning to going to sleep. Now I have a job and still try to find time to play it. The recent update really helped with that.10/10 recommend to anyone"
,Recommended,413150,27597734,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,trashmeister,"Stardew Valley is one of the greatest life simulation games I've ever played. And I've played a lot of life simulation games, Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, Animal Crossing, etc. It does so much right in terms of the farming, relationships and how you can handle your life. You are set free to do whatever you want right at the start of the game. You can become a fisher, or a miner, or farm, or do everything! And there's so much else I haven't talked about. I whole heartedly recommend you pick up the game."
,Recommended,413150,27576439,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dark,10/10
76561198051130471,Recommended,413150,27578430,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spenace the Menace,Very gud feel like really farm gud
,Recommended,413150,27541969,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hatredy,Best game ever
,Recommended,413150,27542429,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Bobbat,"I can't recommend this game enough.It's the most theraputic, chill game ever.I was very unsure about buying this originally because I wasn't sure if I would get into it. Next thing I knew it was 3am."
76561197987237290,Recommended,413150,21633090,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SnakesBox,"got potatoes, got a dog, got laid.  10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21652833,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,", the creator",Best game
76561198062263314,Recommended,413150,21565773,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nerf Me Plenty,This is the Harvest Moon game we all needed.
76561198143610786,Recommended,413150,21567428,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mikelod12,Animal Crosing + Harvest Moon my 2 childhood favourite games :D
76561198025867941,Recommended,413150,21570316,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Creed Braton,Game took my childhood and updated it! Spent hours playing and love it! Can't wait for multiplayer!
76561198162794571,Recommended,413150,21576337,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,salad🥗,Waits 12 Days for crops.Earthquake.Lose crops.10/10
76561198118928458,Recommended,413150,23938159,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ChickenNooblSoup,"Hey, that's pretty good"
,Recommended,413150,24362312,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Toria961,Absolutely love this game. Reminds me of Harvest Moon. 10/10 would farm again.
,Recommended,413150,24401186,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Sheriff Woody,Yes
,Recommended,413150,24423925,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,B0T 007,best game and where is coop mode
76561198082397479,Recommended,413150,24455779,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,O1,"I bought this game during the Steam Summer Sale that just ended. I've been looking for more relaxing gaming experiences like walking simulators and I stumbled upon this. I've eyed it a couple times because it looks like an old-school SNES-type game with sprites and a top-down view.Based on the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" community review I decided to pick it up. It was like 12 bucks or something. Well, I love this game. It is so full of charm. The visuals are nice with a huge nostalgia factor. The music will bring you right home if you're a fan of SNES Midi type music.This is the first farming game I've ever really played and it is really fun and super addicting. I find myslef continuing to play late into the night because I want to do just, ""One more day"".I highly recommend this game if you're looking for something that is fun, relaxing, and is filled to the brim with charm. I couldn't recommend this game more.The game works with an Xbox One pad just fine if you prefer to use a controller vs. mouse/keyboard."
76561198156823240,Recommended,413150,25614380,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Gero_timo,"This game never stops entertaining me...I mean, I started playing a couple a days ago and had to stop so I could write this review...Oh well... it's written now... back to me ol' farm then!"
,Recommended,413150,29461213,Posted: 24 January,all,Rayeness,"I got this game to relax and chill, a simple sorta peaceful Harvest Moon like game. I wasn't let down in anyway what so ever. It's a peaceful, relaxing game that I recommend to all the boys and girls."
,Recommended,413150,27504887,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ShadowCid,"There's always something to do in this game, even if you think you've done it all. Little extra tasks and secrets are hidden everywhere and are a joy to discover."
,Recommended,413150,21726567,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sira,There's cake.
,Recommended,413150,21569375,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mr.Grape,"Had my eye on this game for a few months prior to its release, decided to buy it on release day. (Which is saying something, as I almost always wait for games to go on sale!) No regrets. Fun, lots of activities to do, and addictive. You -WILL- lose hours playing this game. Be warned. There is so much to do that the in-game clock is probably your biggest enemy, I'm always racing to try and get everything accomplished before its time to sleep. What could possibly take up your entire day?- Tending Crops- Tending Animals- Cleaning up your farm- Keeping up relationships with NPCs- Fishing- Exploring the caves for ore- Cooking- Monthly events- Smelting, crafting, decorating... I could go on.There is a lot to do, and some catchy dialogue as you play as well. What the NPCs say change pretty much every encounter, and of course as your relationships grow. I am still only half way through my second season but I'm enjoying my time in this game. A few words of caution: The game only saves when you sleep at night, and the in-game clock ticks away unless you're in the menu or during an event. So if you need to step away, don't forget to bring the menu up. Staying up past bedtime can be very costly..."
76561198009624182,Recommended,413150,21757418,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Chilli Dog Dave,"The overwhelmingly positive rating is defo real.As a fan of the Harvest Moon games growing up and most games of a similar brand, i am proud to give this one a thumbs up.Positives;Updates are quite regular.Many ways to make money.Play the way you find most entertaining.The characters are rather interesting (ok that's personal opinion.)The map is really pleasing and interesting.Quite a few customization choices.Easy to learn and enjoy.Cons;As with most games of it's type NPC quantity is kind of lacking.Monitor resolution has a big impact on game detail.My conclusion is this is well worth the price, really well made game, captures the Harvest Moon theme nicely and really hoping to see extra content in future :)"
76561198035409915,Recommended,413150,24067566,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,beridanwen,"Got this game and immediately put 40 hrs into it in ~7 days. It's basically the best full time job I've ever played. The music is wonderful, your choices have consquences without any single one being ""correct"" and anyone who says fishing is too difficult is wrong."
76561197989749529,Recommended,413150,27352482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eggsalted,"This game is a time sink. A lovely, enjoyable time sink."
,Recommended,413150,21592677,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,american_thong,Amazing successor to harvest moon. 10
76561198093455473,Recommended,413150,24357414,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,tynaut,"All the nostalgia I have of growing up playing computer games and console games, is triggered by Stardew Valley. It reminds me of my favorites from my childhood, but also incorporates elements of the kind of games I like to play today. By far one of my favorite games of all times."
,Recommended,413150,21796166,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Moose,Highly addicting.
76561198036318755,Recommended,413150,27112194,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Briefkasten,Like Harvest Moon only better
,Recommended,413150,22206210,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,BeardedSausage,I've never had so much fun doing mindless tedious tasks. What is this game
,Recommended,413150,22279269,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,It's Your Boy,"As a long time fan of the Harvest Moon series and the ocassional purveyor of Rune Factory, I was excited to delve into the world of Stardew Valley. I definitely was not disappointed by what I got either, especially at the price. Stardew Valley is a game that isn't afraid to intimidate you by the sheer scope of tasks to preform and goals to accomplish straight out of the gate. Farm, mine, explore, befriend, or fish, there is something for everyone to dip their toes in early and slowly ease their way into the rest of what the game has to offer. I have been captivated by this small gem of a game and only continue to fall more in love with it with every update. I can't wait to see how this game continues to grow and evolve over time!And oh yeah... JojaMart is for losers."
,Recommended,413150,21979482,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,emmybeeze,"This game was a real big deal for me, since I LOOOOVE Harvest Moon games, but I've always felt out of place in them!  I always wanted to marry a woman, but given that HM doesn't allow you to be in lesbians with any of the bachelorettes, I couldn't do that.  And then all the men were Weird and Creepy or Mean, so it was ""alright let's pick the least weird and mean dude so he can water my plants"".And then this game comes along.  The marriageable candidates are all really nice (I... I kissed 8 of them in my file before marrying Penny...).  I actually CARE about the people I can't marry, because they have that much personality (SHAAAANE).  The writing is Great, the characters are all Fun, and then-- AND THEN!!!!  I get married and I'm pronounced Wife and Wife.I didn't think it would make me emotional?  But it kinda did!  Rarely do I have my sexuality validated like that in media, and never in life sims: it's either a ""uh yeah gender neutral u marry this person, doesn't matter what sex u r I guess"" kind of deal, or it's very rare to come across (THANK U BIOWARE).  To have it be There and acknowledged in a game like this was so nice. ;v;Oh yeah and then the rest of the game is relaxing as all hell.  Give this guy your money, this is a Great Game that I had personal Feelings about."
76561198050599010,Recommended,413150,21686190,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Sir Seal,One more day.
,Recommended,413150,21687912,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Smooth Criminal [Light],Time machine confermed!!
76561197970540184,Recommended,413150,21692434,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Brasscasing,Never had so much fun working harder than my real job. 10/10
76561198014461842,Recommended,413150,21694968,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dresi,Dont buy this game if you have plans.. I just bought it and ended up playing 9 hours straight !
,Recommended,413150,21798613,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Dexios S. Divine,"I didn't get the hype for this game so i bought it to see if this was gunna be crap. Thought the same about Undertale and had the same effect. This game is very addictiing, and in the good way. I bought it 3 days ago and already have 20+ hours in it. No microtransbullsht, no wait to play. just a good genuine game with alot of love put into it by just ONE dude. Buy this game, even if you think this isn't the type of game for you like I did, just fcken buy it."
,Recommended,413150,21809417,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,down with mao,The Queen Of Sauce (Re-run): Coleslaw!
,Recommended,413150,21623072,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Koop,-Given dog.-Named and Cared for said dog.-Dog disapears for a while.-Dog barks.-400% louder than any other sound in game.-Dies from heart attack.10/10 would ruin my underwear again.
76561198096363152,Recommended,413150,21642737,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ursarctos,one...more...day...10/10 would get addicted again
,Recommended,413150,21569409,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DashCancel,"First time i write a review, first time a game is so good that i feel the need to write a review.Great in his genre, with a developper (yeah, one man game) that listen to the community and repair the bugs at an incredible speed."
,Recommended,413150,28177004,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Krizshtun,Forget Rune Factory — this game is the true spiritual successor to Harvest Moon.
,Recommended,413150,28974795,Posted: 3 January,all,Smite Gank Tax,11/10don't hesitate just buy it
,Recommended,413150,28754408,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,machogriz,Can't recommend this game enough. I've already put in over a 100 hours. 100 HOURS! For $15 at full price. That is some definite entertainment value.
76561198128106363,Recommended,413150,28454993,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,gengelbart,"I've got around 1000 games I've bought in bundles for multiple steam accounts where I got 8 games for a buck.   I paid full price for Stardew Valley.     Stardew was the best deal of them all.    Many games are stressful, or a pain to fire up and get into.   This is as relaxing as a casual game but much more fulfilling to play.   Hoping for steam workshop and multiplayer.  This game is like Minecraft in that after the first time you play it, everything you thought about what a video game can be changes."
,Recommended,413150,28459439,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SnootBoot,"Stardew Valley is a wonderful game.  I love all the different things you can do instead of just being a green thumbed farmer.Pros: Differnt jobs that can be done for money,  different people you can marry,  a lot of puzzles you can sovle, even when all is finished you can still play the game (kinda like the ending of Minecraft), and many moreCons:  Not much attention to solving the Community Center,  not much interaction with your children, children don't age after toddler stage"
76561198077502687,Recommended,413150,28850405,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pete Sahut,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.
76561198225105112,Recommended,413150,22850655,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,StetsonSuave,Great game!
,Recommended,413150,22467242,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Frogs are People Too,i feel more at home in pelican town than i do in my real townhelp
,Recommended,413150,22477628,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sassi_Girl,"I love this game so much. It's so easy to just lose yourself in it. I feel compelled to meet and befriend every NPC in the game because they're all so interesting. This is the only game I've played for about two months now and I have zero regrets. I will probably play this game until I die. Plus all my friends play it/are obsessed with it as well so we have Skype calls where we're all just playing Stardew. It's amazing. Best game ever. 10/10, will play over and over again."
,Recommended,413150,22488344,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Mae Hemm,"Wanted Harvest moon, got this.Was good at fishing in Harvest Moon......Terrible at fishing in this.Downloaded easy fishing mod.Still bad at fishing.7 hours later, still bad at fishing.Forgot to make friends.No friends and no fish.At least I got my dog.11/10 will git gud."
,Recommended,413150,22540012,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Floki,"Leah:,,...Yes?""--> (Ask Leah to be your dance partner)Leah: ,,I'll be honest. I don't want to dance with you.""*crying a lot*This game is so realistic!10/10 would refuse (me) again! :'("
76561198057355327,Recommended,413150,21878451,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,The Great Uniter,"One of the best games ive played in a long time. Extremely addictive with fun and relaxing gameplay, you can play for hours and still have so much to do. This game may seem small and boring when you first start playing, but when you start playing through your first year you realise that you have only begun a long and treaturous journey.10/10"
,Recommended,413150,22185180,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Milky Oni,"I was kissed by a guy, under the moonlight, while my wife had just given birth to a baby girl. And I couldn't say no.10/10 Best troubled marriage simulator~Too bad you can't cheat on your wife without mods anymore :( ~~Still 10/10 tho~"
76561198026450978,Recommended,413150,21979543,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SerSarcasm,LEAH WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU
76561198113121551,Recommended,413150,22013655,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,greatbigsquirrel,"If you like Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon, you NEED to buy this game. It takes all the annoying things about both, throws in some dashes of Minecraft and Terraria and makes something SO MUCH BETTER. It might take over your life- but it's worth it. Sit at work thinking about farming and mining all day. Strategize what aminals to buy next. Come home from work and start working on your farm. It's really rinse and repeat!I'd even advise to buy it full price. You'll easily get 60+ hours out of this game and not be bored. I love how open it is."
76561198084709126,Recommended,413150,22017816,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,FAITH,Everyone thinks this is a farming simulator game but after I heard a creepy sound during the night and saw a green guy at the sea I WILL WARN YOU THAT THIS IS A HORROR GAME !!
,Recommended,413150,22017942,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jesus Senpai,don't play dis if you still want a social life
76561198076879600,Recommended,413150,22111080,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Schlosserr,Like Harvest Moon but better. 10/10
,Recommended,413150,22118155,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,lemon mobile.com,"in this game I can take care of nature, raise animals, build, make friends, and explore all kinds of caves to fight and earn things, while in real life I'm too lazy to actually put the toilet tissue on the toilet roll holder.GOOD GAME, love that sense of false productivity."
76561198031867441,Recommended,413150,22134191,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Oldman,"I grew up on Harvest Moon and thought it was great, but this puts it to shame. This is the best game I have played in a very long time. It is absolutely fantastic.+ love the quick pace. No excessive animations that take up time. It flows really well.+ Lots of cutscenese and dialogue+ Sooooo much to do :)+ I like that there are some themes for adults"
,Recommended,413150,22262042,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,『1-MMR』,"BEWARE!! SUPER ADDICTIVEThis game will surely make you lose your life miserably.+30 hours on DRM-Free version of this game.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~If you love harvest moon, you will love this game even more!"
76561198084966349,Recommended,413150,22267533,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,LiLith` <3,It's really fun and time killer. I feel like I play about half hour but it's turn to 4 hour and I still wanna play it!
76561198066487051,Recommended,413150,22275894,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Hotshotnate,One of the best games i have ever played and I enjoyed doing everything and there is so much to do and everything seems important so you dont know what to spend your time on and i am still not bored becuase there is so much to do.
,Recommended,413150,22276624,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Crystal Rose,"A retro twist to this game, making it truly enjoyable. I was surprised and loved the way Stardew Valley is fashioned after the classic 80's and 90's arcade video games! The game runs very smoothly without glitches or lags. The sounds are clear and crisp. To be honest, I was a little hesitant about getting Stardew Valley. After all, with the realistic gaming technology we have now, we've come so far from the 80's/90's concept of gaming. We've become jaded to the idea of 'turning back the clock' with long forgotten and antiquated games and their generes.There's only one 'Con' that comes to mind. Get whatever needs doing, done before going in-game. Feed the dog. Grab a bite. Say ""Hi!"" to the family or wave at them...Because you'll become so lost in this little world, you'll totally forget time and space!This game ROCK THE HOUSE! Great game, Dev's and job well done! Throwing something in a bowl to munch on and heading back in-game!"
,Recommended,413150,22279954,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,•cC• Cookie,"Possibly the most addictive game on steam.Harvest Moon on PC (without being emulated!) with a surprising expansion of game mechanics, taking inspiration from all kinds of sources- You'll find a notice board with quests, straight out of theWitcherseries, a storyline that evolves as the game progresses, and a bunch of cute bells and whistles.This is a game where you can get tired fishing, stumble home and fall asleep right outside your house, forcing you to lose a chunk of your wallet because some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ charged you for moving you 8 feet.10/10"
,Recommended,413150,21989629,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BT ♥ Akino,แทบไม่ได้นอน
76561198045225788,Recommended,413150,21948032,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,peter_121_,If you are a fan of the Harvest Moon games then this is a must! It's a real retro throwback - but with even more things to do! I've played for hours and I haven't even begun to scratch the surface of everything that this game has to offer.
76561198002201234,Recommended,413150,22023555,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Kolhu,I'd play it
,Recommended,413150,21961007,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,RuneXa,"One of those games that can made me totally forgot about my assignment...10/10 will make you do ""one more day"" until you realize it's already 2 A.M. IRLTotally worth it though.."
,Recommended,413150,21965836,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,KingdomofNerdum,"Earthbound and Ruin Factory had a baby and its name is Stardew Valley!(i know everyone compares it to Harvest Moon but i feel its more on the Ruin factory side of things with the combat and marriage/relationship system)One man team creating a wonderful, farm simulator + rpg + dungeon crawling + life/dating sim with pretty much unlimited gameplay and if you havent put atleast 20 hours into this game you're doing it wrong.I've personally put 23 hours into the game and barely scratched he surface and am thouroughly enjoying myself all while concernedape continues to release updates and adittional content, so literally hundreds of hours of gameplay + continued updates and the game only costs $14.99. If that isnt a steal i dont know what is.I will say farm sims/micro management games aren't everyones cup of tee but for the price you really gotta try it out and see just how fun the game can be for how simple yet dense with content it is plus i've seen plenty of people that are't usually into this type of game but still got into it just because of how different it is from the standard.Lets just say i think this guy deserves to have a real life scrooge mcduck moment but instead of being family guy style where he is jumping into a pile of gold and breaking all his bones he is jumping into a huge soft pile of large bills, which he has rightfully earned through the success of this wonderful game. :DAll will know Haley is the true waifu. #Tsunderestatus20/10 would ship again."
76561197994502411,Recommended,413150,21969802,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,AloofTrashman,"This is the best Harvest Moon / Animal Crossing / Rune Factory stew I've ever tasted.Expressive sprites, just-one-more day syndrome, fully-realized characters. Not to mention a developer that just keeps adding more and more to this game.Get it. No rating necessary."
,Recommended,413150,21971788,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mitchfynde,"Stardew Valley is pure magic. It's the farming life game I've been looking for since Harvest Moon 64. It was developed by one man who goes by the name Concerned Ape. Now, I don't know Concerned Ape, but after playing this game I feel that Concerned Ape knows me. Imagine playing a game in 2016 that gives you the same feeling you felt when playing the SNES as a child. Stardew Valley isn't only that good, it's better.The stuff you loved about Harvest Moon is all here. You start off on a busted up, overgrown heap of a farm with nothing but some tools and a small amount of money to buy seeds. You slowly meet all the people in the town while exploring all the areas. You clear your farm, you plant your few seeds, you forage and you fish your way to victory. After you make enough cash, you upgrade everything you can and you get some farm animals. On your time off, you make friends with the people in the town and possibly even find a love interest.One of the big things that differentiates Stardew Valley from Harvest Moon is the mining. There were forms of mining in Harvest Moon, but this is different. When you enter the mine, the first thing you will notice is you suddenly have a health bar. That's right, there's combat! The combat feels much like A Link to the Past, but maybe even more simplistic. The simplicity is not a problem, though. The variety of enemies is pretty good and your positioning is more important than your method of attack. Getting yourself stuck between a lot of monsters is where you will find defeat.One thing that invested me in this game more than anything is the mystery of it all. There are roadblocks and broken bridges leading to new areas. Which one will you prioritize reaching first and what will be there? What are those noises I hear in my bed every night? There's some strange things going on in Stardew Valley.Another thing that seperates it from Harvest Moon is the writing. All of the characters seem to be stereotypes at first, and you wouldn't be totally wrong in thinking that. After befriending people, you will realize there is a lot more depth to who they are and what made them who they are. There are some really funny, cute, and sometimes surprisingly dark cutscenes that unfold. These are some of the highlights of the game.I think I've ranted long enough. If you enjoyed the oldschool Harvest Moon games and you want to relive that nostalgia, this is the best game on the PC market. If you just want to try out an awesome retro farming life game, this is probably the best game to test the waters. Make the best of every day, make a ton of money, get married, or none of the above! In Stardew Valley, you decide what kind of farmer you want to be.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,413150,22070426,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Your local drugdealer,This is my life now. I do not need a social life anymore. The closest outside I'll ever be is this game. This is probably the last time anyone will hear from me. Goodbye.
76561198070100954,Recommended,413150,22077171,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CodeCass,"Coming from someone who's never played any kind of farming or day-to-day life sim, this game really took me by surprise. Everyone always compares it to Harvest Moon and/or Animal Crossing. Having never played those games, I had no idea what I was in for. Being 18+ hours in now, I can honestly say this is one of the most addicting games I've ever played. It's amusing that doing what boils down to day-to-day chores and labor is so engrossing at fun. From it's simple structure to it's crafting system and animal raising and social interaction with the townsfolk, there is ALWAYS something to do.It's a simple game that's a great departure from typical games on the market, and a great way to relax. Just be warned it's very easy to become addicted to this sucker! Whether that's a good or bad thing is up to you!"
76561198302325423,Recommended,413150,28934621,Posted: 2 January,all,Soft bum bum,THE BEST GAME EVER!!!                                                                                                                                                                                      It is a relaxing and realistic game. I like how u get to get married and have a baby also i like elliot he is so freaking handsome (I'm not Gay) recommend this game if u are looking for a relaxing game or if u wanna just waste your time playing games this is the game that u should get.
76561198363723223,Recommended,413150,30063791,Posted: 20 February,all,Robby Wang,"If you're any kind of gamer, casual, competitive or you just like to come back to gaming once in a while, Stardew Valley is something you must play. This game has major potential to age incredibly well with the pixel graphics. The soundtrack is the best I've ever heard in a video game and is extremely relaxing and soothing. The game never feels boring, and it lets you choose what YOU want to do. There are goals and side quests in the game, but Stardew Valley never makes you do it right away. You can take your time, and do it whenever you feel like it. The gameplay is simple yet addictive, and the people are without a doubt the best part of the game. By the time this review is up, there are eleven bachelors and bachelorettes (With more on the way)to choose to flirt with, and eventually marry. All are interesting in their own way, and have their own dreams and issues they face every day. Occassionally, cutscenes will trigger if you are friendly enough with someone, and it showcases the peoples' character and so much more about them. The game is just overall relaxing and fun to play. The game is primarily a country life simulator, but offers so much more than your standard game. Within my first few hours of playing, it became one of my favorite games of all time. By the time this review is up, I'll have been playing my first six days of Stardew Valley, with already 30 hours into it, with more to come. (Wait what? Multiplayer Co-op is coming? AND new features and content?! It...I..screw it, next few years of my life, here I come!)10-Masterpiece+Amazing Music+Charming and Magical Atmosphere+Constant Sense of Wonder+Sweet and Simple+Brilliant NPCs+Stunning Pixel Graphics+One of my Favorite Games of All Time"
76561198299777987,Recommended,413150,30319251,Posted: 4 March,all,Jasponz,Stardew Valley is a great farming game. There is so much to do in it besides farming!!! Great Game
,Recommended,413150,30347797,Posted: 5 March,all,egg salad,haha i'm not obsessed with this gamei am justuh...crap
,Recommended,413150,30346399,Posted: 5 March,all,Stickasensi,Wasted too many hours on this instead of studying for my exam
76561198354438432,Recommended,413150,30346766,Posted: 5 March,all,BAGONK,I ♥♥♥♥IMNG LOVE DIS GAM
,Recommended,413150,21621457,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Undadstone,Do you like the Harvest moon series? or Maybe the Rune factory series? Then this game is for you!
76561198087863925,Recommended,413150,21840142,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Danger Girl Forever,Normally I get into killing zombies and that's all I am really interested in but when I saw this in the store on release day I was intrigued. I loved Harvest Moon back in the day and it reminded me so much of that game that I wanted to at least try it. Money is real tight and I want the best value (at the very least replayability) for my gaming dollar and I must say I am totally impressed with this game. It's hard not to refer to Harvest Moon and to compare this game to that one. This seems to be more in depth. What sold me on purchasing was it's already being modded so even if there is a time limit like HM (haven't confirmed yet) I am sure the modders can fix that. The time limit was my only gripe about HM. AND mutiplayer is being worked on so theres that. I don't see this game collecting dust in my virtual library anytime soon. If this game interests you in the slightest bit just buy it you won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,413150,22697814,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Zezima,Harvest Moon + Terraria + a bit of Animal Crossing + lots of personal charm = this game. I really can't recommend this game for HM/AC fans enough. The social and relationship building of this game is amazing. Always lots of things to do to run out the daily clock and the town and villagers really feel alive. Easily a 10/10 for me.
,Recommended,413150,23403304,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,kori_pooh,i like to do the farmjk i literally fish all day every day someone help me dear god
,Recommended,413150,21711710,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TopFurret,This game restored my faith in humanity.20/10Loved it so much I bought it twice. One for me one for a friend. Dev deserves every penny keep making great games!
76561198351113808,Recommended,413150,31305796,Posted: 22 April,all,xWolfRebornx,This game will literally control your life. You have been warned.
76561198048929027,Recommended,413150,28159305,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,One Ring,"AMAZING, BRILLIANT, ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT! 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,31324373,Posted: 23 April,all,SubsonicDust,Introduced this game to my wife.10/10 would never get my PC back again.
,Recommended,413150,28932433,Posted: 2 January,all,PocketPootis,"how to be rich in this game:step 1: wait until you're told to get your fishing rodstep 2: fish then sell itstep 3: fish then sell itstep 4: fish then sell itstep 5: it's now summer, and the fish are worth a lot more. fish and get more money.step 6: fish then sell itstep 7: fish then sell itstep 8: dienow buy it dumbass"
,Recommended,413150,31349255,Posted: 24 April,all,Dragonling,"""You've played 822 hours""...*looks at PS4 download version, the fangamer guidebook, and the Physical Collector's that came in recently as well*^.^ Need I say more?"
,Recommended,413150,27361186,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Od Nua,Harvest Moon for PC 9/11
,Recommended,413150,26776737,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Purple Monkey Dishwasher,"Man, if you would have said that I would have played this over 1 hour I wouldn't have believed it. Just play it. Enough said."
,Recommended,413150,23974077,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Alone Wolf,its a good game what i got so far is:> farming for first week> my frist fish> my frist friend> make me enjoy to play
76561198070896784,Recommended,413150,31324082,Posted: 23 April,all,Theo672,"Few games have captured my attention and love like this. What starts off as a simple farming sim has so much more beneath the surface. Mining, fighting monsters, making friends, marrying, having a wife, playing arcade games, unlocking new areas and many more secrets.So much love for this game!!"
76561198097617859,Recommended,413150,27562851,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Skeletontoes,"I can't quite explain why it is I love this game so much, it's just so relaxing to play and I can get lost playing it for HOURS. It's   great if you want to relax and de-stress after a taxing day at work or when you're fed up with some bad mojo from the day. I usually get bored of games after a few playthroughs or if I finish the storyline, but I always seem to come back to this one after a short time. I love my cat, my horse, my spouse, my friends, my neighbors, my livestock, my slimes that try to kill me every time I try to feed them, the fun little special events and cutscenes, and most importantly, I love letting this game just suck my time out of the day."
76561198042049644,Recommended,413150,27563114,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kortech,"I really love this game, a lot of freedom in creating your farm with out making to overly complicated."
76561198095345433,Recommended,413150,27563355,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jye Jye,"Stardew valley, a slow paced farmville game. Listen, i see huge amounts of people LOVE this game, and i personally see the game as 'too slow' having to spend like half your day watering plants then having a short time to socialize with the neighbors and i know you can purchase sprinklers, but they cost quite alot of money and making the money is super slow. I see this game is a time based experience. I understand that, but i wish the time in the days were a bit longer than 10 minutes per 10 seconds.Not much time to do anything. I enjoyed the fatigue factor, being exausted in work. Immersive experience.I would rate this a 7/10 for mechanics 9/10 for artwork and 5/10 for time to do stuffoverall rating 7/10"
,Recommended,413150,27574470,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Heretik Virus,This game is absolutely one great game to lose track of time in. Absolutely love it!!
,Recommended,413150,27605997,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gloomspew,"Really, you can't go wrong with this game. Best $15.00 I ever spent!"
,Recommended,413150,27645045,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MrLuciferous,Fun reminds me of harvest moon. Good times!
,Recommended,413150,27062030,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gaunter O'Dimm,"The Game is worth the money...Good Music, Fun, Relaxing, and lastly ONE MORE DAY..."
,Recommended,413150,27273367,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Treapy,"This is the kind of game I would like to see more on steam. You start of on a small farm and then you are free to do whatever you want. The way this game plays is so relaxing and overall amazing, you don't have urgent needs or stress. When I started playing it i wasn't sure if I wasted my money or not, but only five minutes in the game changed my thoughts already.I would totally recommend this game to those who are in need of escaping the competitive games for a while.Thanks for making this game."
76561198037122427,Recommended,413150,27363104,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SFM James,This game is the definition of a game that makes you always need to play for five more minutes. It's a really great relaxing farming game.
,Recommended,413150,27372300,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sasuke's left nut,It's a good time sink. Say goodbye to your friends and family.
,Recommended,413150,27316668,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Redsnorlax42,Best pixel farming game in the store right now. So fun!!!!
,Recommended,413150,25889176,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ChinchillerPillar,"I stinkin' love this game so much. Just, buy it."
76561198033807829,Recommended,413150,25849735,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dr.Acula,"consuming, in a good way. meditative."
,Recommended,413150,25977928,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Arkane,Very enjoyable and a good game to play while watching a stream! GG!
,Recommended,413150,26150296,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,King Izzy,"I love this game so much. I was hesistant to pick it up, because I remember Harvest Moon making me feel really rushed. Stardew Valley doesn't have that problem. I've also done some reading/research, and it's wonderful how active and attention the developer is with the community."
,Recommended,413150,26880010,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xxxaziexxx,Stardew Valley is what I've been waiting for on PC ever since putting hundreds of hours into Harvest Moon as a kid.Nuff said.
,Recommended,413150,27007054,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vidiotsavant,this game rocks and i get an event badge:p
76561198059410176,Recommended,413150,26828957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wilald,Words can not describe my love for this game.
,Recommended,413150,26948011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hedrino,"This game is perfect. It's fun and beautiful, and addictive (in a good way)"
,Recommended,413150,25745339,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Geeguz,Just another positive review. What do you want me to say? theres like a million reviews xD clearly its a good game and theres nothing I can say that hasnt already been said.
,Recommended,413150,23861515,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ros Majoor,One more day...
,Recommended,413150,24738732,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,she looked 18 to me :/,"highly recommended for people who want to chill from the cs grind and play something so addicting its almost worse than pokemon go. well worth its price, bought it 5 days ago, already 40 hours logged. loving it, you will too."
,Recommended,413150,24717807,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Erno Cor,"Got myself some of dem pumpkins growingForaged some horse radishesFell a few treesFought some bats in the cavesTook part in a town fairMet a girlSocializedNow datingIs a gamer girl!!!Play games together""You sure know your way around a Joystick!""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)10/10 having an affair with a lady in a game irl waifu doesn't need to know shhh"
,Recommended,413150,24679737,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Christhefer,"- Got on the farm- Planted my crops- Went to sleep from low energy- Woke up to rain- Went to talk to the townspeople- Met Haley- Told me my shoes were dirty- Gave her a coconut- ""OMG! This is my favorite thing""- Went to talk to her the next day- Asked if I had a pony on my farm- I didn't- Two years later we are married- I now have a pony- 10/10 would dirty my shoes again"
,Recommended,413150,24833631,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,stormiejed,"Stardew Valley is honestly the best game I have ever played. It has taken hours of my life and I am not the slighest bit concerned about where those hours have gone. If you like organising things, this is for you. If you like order, this is for you. If you like making friends with cute characters, this is for you. If you like fighting monsters, this is for you. You dont even need to like all of them, you can just focus on one at a time! If you haven't got this and played the crap out of it, I am wondering what is wrong with you at this point. Buy it. Now."
,Recommended,413150,25502165,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Greed,"In recent years, the Harvest Moon series has died down some over the course of several new games, where the next one does not really add anything new to the last. Until now, the only alternative to the series has mostly been Rune Factory, which is also a very good series. This game, however takes the good from both series and breathes new life into the formula.It has many elements that any player of either series would be more than familiar with: farming crops, raising livestock, fishing, and mining. And everything is timed with the daily clock and monthly calendar dates, with special events happening every so often. These categories work the same way as their inspirations for the most part, however there are some key differences. A big over-arching change is that your farmland is almost completely customizable. Other than your house, there is nothing that is pre-placed, and your land area is gigantic. This allows for a fully customized farm that is unique to you. Fishing has a minigame instead of automatically catching whatever you hook; at first, the minigame is extremely difficult, but it does not take long to get used to. Farming also comes with conveniences that never existed before, such as upgradable sprinklers that water tiles of your crops for you (the amount depends on the level of sprinkler) as well as several kinds of fertilizers that have different effects on your crop. Raising animals is mostly the same, however the range of animals that you can care for is vast, including chickens, ducks, goats, pigs, and cows. All of these areas of the game work well, and as one would expect, with there being plenty of variety in all three. Any of these elements can be completely ignored if desired and the player can still make a profit. There is no rush to get to anything at a certain time (for the most part) and the game can be played at your own pace.Mining can be best described as a combination of Rune Factory's combat and Harvest Moon's cave systems. Each floor has a ladder that needs to be found to move on to the next floor, with there being better ore, minerals, gems, etc to mine the deeper you go. Inside the mine are various monsters that can be killed, sometimes even required to kill. The combat is simple, where LMB swings your melee weapon, holding LMB charges up a slingshot, and RMB does various special actions depending on the weapon. However, the simplicity works for the game, as you are always on the clock, and if it were too complex there'd be too much time spent fighting. There is something special at the very bottom of the mine, giving even more reason to explore it.Of course, a Harvest Moon inspired game would not be complete without interactions with the townsfolk. The system is the same as it is in Harvest Moon, where you can talk with villagers and give them gifts to get them to like you more. Unlike Harvest Moon, you can only give two gifts per week, meaning the progression of affection is a lot slower unless you complete quests or special interactions with each villager. So long as you give the right gifts and complete the special tasks, it still will not take too long before your chosen bachelor or bachelorette can be married.Despite everything the game does right, there are some issues with it. The running speed is atrociously slow, especially with diagonal movement. You do eventually unlock a horse, but the horse only speeds up diagonal movement; the vertical and horizontal run speeds remain the same. In addition, the bachelors and bachelorettes vary from each other with personality, however they are fairly two dimensional with their personalities. The developer also apparently had a stroke at one point because if you look at the progression of their appearances, there is a point where they gradually become worse and more same-faced, losing some uniqueness to them. There is also a very unfitting anti-corporation message in the game that could have been left out. The overall graphics style is up to personal preference, but I personally like it and think it does a good job creating the comfy atmosphere these games are known for.Lastly, the game is capable of being fully modified due to how simple the engine is made. Every pixel can be changed, and mod tools are in the process of being created to add extra content. There is already a mod that changes the appearances of the bachelorettes to an earlier time, as a result of many individuals wanting them altered. So who knows what the developer and modders will add to the game in the future.In conclusion, this game has just as much if not more content than any of the more modern Harvest Moon games yet is half the price. There are some aspects that I did not even mention such as the sewer dungeon and what is basically the Harvest Sprite tasks because I am 18 hours in and still haven't finished either of those things, nor have I seen everything the game has to offer yet. I highly recommend it"
76561198331080705,Recommended,413150,25626900,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Trosky,Come Inside and Join the stardew valley Best game of ALL time
,Recommended,413150,21594637,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,not Lumi,"Farming all day.Mining all day.Got addicted.Found out there is craftable Mayonnaise.Found out you could make a living off it.Mayonnaise.10/10 would produce Mayo again.Going to bed, playing Harvest Moon on 3DS.Getting up early, playingHaStardew Valley on PC.Buy this. Really."
,Recommended,413150,23091647,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Namdaets,Harvest Moon + Animal Crossing + Terraria = Yes
76561198066656360,Recommended,413150,23118209,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dreams,"As a long time Harvest Moon lover, I absolutely love this game.  It has a lot of the same attraction, but stands on its own.  The mechanics work and the game really sucks you in.  I always find myself saying - just one more day - and then its 3am..."
,Recommended,413150,23136221,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Gravität-Smasher,Amazing game! Almost didn't make it through the school year because this game is addicting.
76561198170033247,Recommended,413150,21740082,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Harmless,Harvest Moon: Who are you?Stardew Valley: Im you but stronger.
,Recommended,413150,21742343,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Punkit,Amazing game!
76561198026681984,Recommended,413150,21752660,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Hugshot,Sooooo errhmm... let me see98% Positive - CheckSold 425k copies on 14 days - CheckDoesn't cost a sh*t ton of money - CheckHas really great Art style - CheckWell there you go :D You got yourself a new great game! Have fun!
,Recommended,413150,21756612,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lex Marston,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47mlE94T0G8Stardew Valley looks like a game from the Super Nintendo era, and there’s really not a whole lot of action packed into this game, but that’s why I love it. Had this come out back in the Super Nintendo days, this would have probably been my favorite game. It’s not as cute or funny as Animal Crossing, and it’s not really a pioneer like Harvest Moon was, but Stardew Valley takes most of what made those games great and deep, and puts it all together in an awesome package. That’s not to say Stardew Valley is without it’s faults.There are a few bugs in the game, but not too many. I saw items being incorrectly represented (a piece of coal showing up as a strawberry, for example) and I did have the game carsh on me once while playing the Robotron-styles arcade game in the Saloon. The combat is something I can do without, and after 12 hours, I did start to feel a strong repetitiveness with the game, overall.However, if you’re someone who likes to take how much time you can get out of a game into consideration when you’re looking to spend your money, then there’s no question that Stardew Valley is worth the small $15 asking price. It would take me another 30+ hours to get to Year 2 in the game, and even then, the game foreshadowed stuff that would happen in Year 3 of the game. Obviously, the developers put a ton of time into making sure that Stardew Valley is a game you’ll be playing for years to come. And even if you get all the way to the end of the game, which I don’t even know if there is an end to the game, you can always start a new character and do everything differently. The mysteries of Stardew Valley lurk under the foliage of the farmland, under the salty seas of the ocean, and deep within the caves. The game is absolutely mindblowing when you try to think about how many hours you could put into the game. Some people prefer a more compact, action filled 6 hour game, and Stardew Valley would not be for them. However, Stardew Valley is a great game to play while you put on a podcast or some music. I found it very easy to switch between my browser and the game at will, something not every game is great for. There are also a spread of options that will please most everyone.I honestly could keep going on and on about Stardew Valley. 12 hours is a good amount of time to put into any game, and I’ve seen so much in Stardew Valley, but I also feel like I have barely scratched the surface. You can raise animals, cook meals, watch TV, and there’s even some otherworldly stuff that happens that I won’t spoil. And that’s why I’ll be revisiting Stardew Valley in a few months to update this review. There is apparently going to be some multiplayer added in the future, but I’m not sure exactly what that will be. For now, Stardew Valley reminds me of so many great games from the past, and yet it is really the complete package I’ve been seeking all this time.The game even reminds me of The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, which is my favorite Zelda game, ever. It’s charming as heck and incredibly deep. Hopefully, this game will come to consoles and handhelds soon, because it’s really a game that everyone should check out, and I think this would really be nice on my PS Vita. Until then, if you have a decent computer at home, I highly recommend taking a look at Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,413150,21759956,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,mercy pog,farming
,Recommended,413150,25586849,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Lil Thermostat,"As you can see, I've purchased this game not to long ago, I've now racked 15 hours on it. This game is very well made and give off a nostalgia vibe. The game's mechanics are well made, and the NPCs are solid. The game is also friendly to all computers which is amazing! Wonderful game to stream as well!"
,Recommended,413150,24597209,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mark Kohle,"As a very general gamer. Stardew Valley is the most-outstanding farming/pixel game to hit the platform. I'm commonly found to play games like; GTA, Rust, Skyrim, ATS.. and then Stardew Valley!To be very clear, I was a huge Harvest Moon fan. I'm not sure what it is about farming Fruits and Veggies, but it's like f***ing heroin to me. To prove it's addictive and immersive gameplay, allow me to timeline my first 24 hours of buying the game...~Buys Stardew Valley because it looks like Harvest Moon re-vamped.Gets 4 hours into the game, Girlfriend proceeds to ask, ""what is that you're playing??""I retort with ""Stardew F***ing Valley. Play it""I get up and make some Coffee.Watch the news.Watch a movie.Make some more Coffee.Play some PS4.Notice several hours have passed, Girlfriend is still playing Stardew Valley.~What I've learned after buying Stardew Valley...1) We plan on getting a second copy so we can both play together :32) I have a severe coffee addictionAll-in-all, If you haven't bought Stardew Valley, then you're doing it wrong.20/10*best time-buster on the market.*"
,Recommended,413150,25625093,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Shibby ツ,"Well.. I think this will be the only review im going to write and I do it mainly for the Community Ambassador badge but,if a game deserves a positive review then its Stardew Valley. The fact that this game is made by only one person is simply amazing!One dude.. for Grapics, the Textures and Artworks, all the Cutscenes, Soundeffects and Music plus the whole coding...THATS JUST AMAZING!..aight?So, with now almost 60 hours of gameplay I can honestly say that this game is definitely worth its price and I absolutely recommend it....to those of you who like a chilled but yet deep story with alot of great characters, different locations and atmospheres, exploring and gathering stuff, upgrading and destroying s***.And just live a good o' farmer life.<3"
,Recommended,413150,22134804,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,"Where's the leak, ma'am?","I've never hated watering so much in my life.11/10 I grow pixels, just to sell pixels, in order to buy more pixels."
,Recommended,413150,22151676,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Colorado,I love this game. Incredibly high quality for being made by one person.It really does a good job of making one feel peaceful while racing the clock to do what was planned for each day.
,Recommended,413150,21907564,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Thetom5000,just get the game
,Recommended,413150,21913589,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,frod,11/10 would farm all day and night again
76561198104305641,Recommended,413150,21926813,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,sycosymatic,This game is the best thing that has ever happened to me
76561198101646249,Recommended,413150,21951589,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Agent Orange,Game did not include 1960's era herbicide.Dissapointed.9/11
,Recommended,413150,22078013,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,please keep it PG cs.money,"this game is very calming and is fun.Prosgreat pixel art sceneryvariety of charactersremastered Harvest Mooncalmingchallenginga good game to play when you are bored (or angry)Cons(if there are any)We need to have options to change sound, graphics etc. in the startup screenhappier malesmore places to exploreall up, this game is VERY GOOD: a good spend of money.I recommend this game to everyone who has played and liked Harvest Moon."
,Recommended,413150,22093935,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Cozmox,"A great game that has hours upon hours of things to do, whether it's mining, farming, fighting, fishing and more! There isn't much of a story other than you have inherited a farm and have to build it to greatness. There are many people that you can meet and interact with that all have unique personalities. This game can be very fun but you need a lot of patience, so if you have that then I would highly recommend this game to you"
,Recommended,413150,22095759,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Postlord of the Mainelands,"romanced a guy solely through giving him mayonnaise, 12/10"
,Recommended,413150,21987556,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,JoshDJX,If you liked old Harvest Moon games Stardew Valley is perfect.Also addicting.Very addicting.Send help.
,Recommended,413150,21992266,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ch3dd4r_Ch33s3,Best vitural reality potato growing simulator!
76561198134287836,Recommended,413150,24724239,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Xxx_360_Pope_Scope_xxX,Nice game for old school gamers.
,Recommended,413150,24705851,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,(autistic screeching),"In an industry filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC money grabs and never-finished early access garbage, this game is genuine. It's simple, fun, and it comes from the heart. Though it seems too basic to have a lot of gameplay, there's probably at least 50 hours of content in one playthrough. It's honestly one of the most fun and relaxing games I've ever played."
,Recommended,413150,24746651,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,OrganicCat,- Tried to woo Sam- Got caught rammaging through his trashcanThis game is addictive.
,Recommended,413150,23681491,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ZellTik,"Okay first I want to say that this is by far the best RPG country life simulator that I've ever played. If you are thinking of buying this game, go ahead! It has amazing music that gets stuck in your head it also has memorable characters, cool artwork, cute little pets that you just want to hug. This game also has quests that will keep you playing this game for a long time! I really recommend this to players who like harvest moon or players whose interested in trying out a fun RPG."
,Recommended,413150,23835767,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,alyssasmile,"As a huge, huge veteran fan of Harvest Moon (I think I was nine when I started playing) I was really expecting to either LOVE this game or hate it.Luckily it was the first option. Such a good game. It's not just lay down crops, buy animals, get married, end game. Stardew Valley takes other aspects of farming life and turns it into an enjoyable simulator. The artisan goods crafting, the fact that you have to build all of your buildings one by one, the socialization system, the mining and enemies, the fantasy aspect.. Everything about it comes together so beautifully to create a truly enjoyable game that I just keep coming back to."
76561198104409981,Recommended,413150,23836449,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,EpicGuitar64,"This is a great example on how a slow paced game should be! This surpasses Animal Crossing, because it goes at your pace and not any real-time junk. Pick up a copy, and you won't be disapointed."
,Recommended,413150,23837405,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Frysedisk,Pros:- Good story- Lots of things to do- High quality visuals- High quality sound and musicCons:- Poor explanation of some of the mechanics
76561198081312716,Recommended,413150,23846849,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jpid,Worth getting it's a solid rpg with limited capabilities.
76561198168984747,Recommended,413150,23861036,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RipLa,I love it!
76561198191473497,Recommended,413150,22166396,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Elran,"Eat, Sleep, Defecate, Play stardew...cons.bad for my personal health, social life, and sleep schedule."
76561198126606926,Recommended,413150,23787885,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,happiness++,Harvest moon version.Nice gameplay with crafting feature as harvest moon.Recommended for harvest moon and rune factory fans.
76561198158612611,Recommended,413150,24165925,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Librarygirl79,"Loved Harvest Moon; really, really love Stardew Valley!! So many things to do and places to explore. But yet, it doesn't feel overwhelming. I definitely recommend this game."
76561198074900833,Recommended,413150,21973877,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Romanmystery,"Stardew Valley is a fantastic game with an impressive degree of polish and a whimsical plot structure. It is definitely a Harvest Moon clone, so fans of the HM series will rejoice. However, Even though it reverently calls back to the HM series, it does so much more with the genre.I'm certain I'll be putting in a 100+ hours into this game and you probably will too. Pick up Stardew Valley, it's worth it."
76561198141806587,Recommended,413150,21489168,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,PepperSpanish,Give a man some jelly and he just may love you one day.10/10
76561198036824635,Recommended,413150,23181441,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Crafty_fire,Very good game with tons of replay ability !
,Recommended,413150,23235458,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Dannsbago,My wife eats rocks.10/10
76561198052770227,Recommended,413150,22291888,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Literally Heejung,">Courting a strapping young lad.>Make him his favorite dinner as a gift.>See him outside his house tossing a football to himself.>What a stud.>Approach him and strike up a friendly conversation to break the ice.>""If you weren't a girl I'd ask you to play catch"">Realize he is the patriarchy.>Eat the dinner in front of him and give him a broken CD.>Go and marry the pasty emo kid who lives in his mom's basement.>ProfitFor real though, amazing game. I'm one of those who torrented it first then loved it and bought it. I've read some of the negative reviews on here and from what I can tell those people either want an easier game or just haven't explored it enough. Yes the game can be repetitive at times, but it throws you enough new content and challenges to keep it interesting. One of my big problems with some games like this is that I stop having a goal. If I'm just mindlessly making money with nothing to spend it on but more crops to make more money, what's the point? And maybe this game will reach that point but 70 hours in and it still hasn't.PROS:-I'm so emotionally attached to this game that I feel actively guilty when I forget to feed my animals.-I can play D&D with my pasty emo boyfriend and his buddy-Tripping off mushroom soup with the wizard and seeing floating trees.-Cat requires an unrealistically small amount of care. Pls release merch than includes a real cat like this.CONS:-Misclicking...takes me 15+ clicks to milk 6 cows.-There's not enough hours in the day for the amount of stuff I want to do. In real life or the game.-Getting amnesia after an adorable slime cuddles me a little too hard.-Having to kill the little dust balls :("
,Recommended,413150,22258008,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,NL Frenky,"I pick this game up for fun because i liked the looks.At first I thought it would it was a litlle bit slow paced with a lot conversations and little cut scenes.But then after a little tuttorial i was set free and went fishing, what i liked a lot a kept doing straight to lvl 10.i did a bit dungeon exploring what was fun.I not realy far yet, still in the first year but it big fun for sure!!4/5"
,Recommended,413150,22330173,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Butternut the Squash,Game owned: 4 daysHours played: 41 hoursHelp.
,Recommended,413150,22336399,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,gleebi,It's sort of like Harvest Moon meets Animal Crossing except you can be gay and use swords and really that's all I've ever wanted. 10/10
76561198081945261,Recommended,413150,22307640,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MythicalSkrub,its so good i played it for like 5 minutes
76561198047496741,Recommended,413150,22307975,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,HunterN,Gameplay is so addicting with so much to do. Game is so fun can't wait for future updates.
,Recommended,413150,22309073,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡W8.,I love it!!!
,Recommended,413150,21826380,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Fiftytoo,I've been sitting outside this girl's house every day for the past week to learn her daily routine so I can throw berries at her until she loves me.10/10
,Recommended,413150,21828356,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sui Venereous,Like Skyrim but with guns
,Recommended,413150,21839927,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,hundvalpp,i bought this yesterday and nearly have 10 hours alreadysend help1 sec need to check my potatoes
,Recommended,413150,21841732,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ChipWhitehouse,"I HIGHLY recommend this game. When I first saw this I was completely turned off by the ""graphics"" and style of the game. But after watching a lot of people play it on Twitch, I decided to give it a go. I am SO HAPPY I did! I can't stop playing it! So dynamic and so much to do! You will never be bored... The only problem with this game is that it is TOO ADDICTIVE!!! <3 ;P"
,Recommended,413150,21843176,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,nevangelko,"I cant stop playing/thinking/planning about this game, what have you done to me ConcernedApe? x3But in all seriousness i love this game, its hard just enough to be enjoyable without being tedious, graphics are perfectly remniscient of the snes era, the best era in gaming, a large cast of funny characters and tons of secrets to find.I always was interested in the Harvest Moon games and sadly could never play one aside for a few hours of trial of the snes game on emulator so in a sense this is my first such game and in the future i will not refer these types of games as Harvest Moon clones.....but as Stardew Valley clones <3"
,Recommended,413150,21877129,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,mechamorbo,This game made me excited to see cauliflower
,Recommended,413150,21908479,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Slav,Brings me back to Harvest Moon! Stardew Valley is one of the best games I had! And my cat loves me! <3
,Recommended,413150,21648730,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Donald,This game is incredibely unrealistic. The weatherman is right every time. 63/71 would buy again. and again.
76561198074084469,Recommended,413150,21667597,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,kittybubblez,"Really love this game.For Harvest Moon fans you get the familiarity of farming, improving your crops, cooking, improving your home, and meeting up with other villagers for friendship and love.Animal Crossing fans have the simplicity of doing whatever you want with your day. If you want to ditch farming for a week and go fishing the whole time, you can. Place cute furniture within your home to make it yours, and even run errands for fellow residents.What I really enjoy is the individual aspects of the game. The machines you're able to build to improve your farm are awesome; such as poles to gather lightning to make batteries. Being able to build your own furniture, or even having the new character who joins the town participate in the town events. What I am really impressed with is the same-sex ability. Harvest Moon may have had that availibility but they never brought it to NA, so to have the option feels quite modern.The only problems I have had in the game is; Animals not producing products if allowed to go outside, weather forecast for lightning not coming true, fishing game at carnival freezing, and Shane not being a bachelor. (I didn't realize he wasn't one so for the longest time I was trying to woo him >_<)"
76561198031787540,Recommended,413150,27318807,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paul Sack,Leah=best girl
,Recommended,413150,27493573,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Patshep,Stardew Valley manages to be simple at the core but can become a complex game as you built your farm up.
,Recommended,413150,27275168,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tsunamiix,"If you loved Harvest Moon, you'll love this game"
76561197975012684,Recommended,413150,27406226,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,noctrine,"I dearly love this game. It is somehow tranquil and engaging--there is so much to do and it just oozes charm. All the glowing user and professional reviews are on point. So satisfying. This is a rare gem, a labor of love that became an exceptional product that is complete, polished, and ""just clicks."" Everything, from the mechanics to the graphics to the sound and music, is delightful. The game is basically therapy because of that combination of ""calming yet captivating."" There is an enormous amount of content -- 200+ hours easily. You can pick your areas of interest; the game rewards perserverence but doesn't require grinding. I never played any of the ""spiritual predecessors"" of this game so I can't compare it to those. Buy without hesitation, you won't regret it."
76561197971428711,Recommended,413150,30223841,Posted: 27 February,all,Vault Boy,I somehow spent more time playing this than all Fallout games in my library.
76561198064379384,Recommended,413150,30249077,Posted: 28 February,all,KaYbE,Lots of fun and so much stuff to do.
,Recommended,413150,30194872,Posted: 26 February,all,sovietsalzig,"I bought this game in the Steam Winter Sale a little over 2 months ago. I never really got into it much and only played for 1 hour. Then about 1 week ago I thought I might as well get my money's worth and decided to play it. Well what can I say. This is in my opinion one of the best games on steam to come out last year and by far the best indie to of come out last year. I decided to look further into the after about 6 hours of playing and realised this was developed by 1 man! 1 man! He did all the art, the music, the programming and the story so I give my congrats and thanks to him. Now onto the gameplay. Well I mean it is impecable! the only only think I would say is the aiming system with tools could of automatically used the square thingy to tell where you are pointing (I dont know the name). The soundtrack is amazing perhaps even as good as Hotline Miami's which was also incredible. The story is great as it is a sandbox and therefore you can do whatever you want and not just do what the game tells you to do.Overall Score: 9.5/10"
76561198324784932,Recommended,413150,30047454,Posted: 19 February,all,SepticLover,So very much fun! But I reccomend that you put the prices a little down when you want to upgrade your house a second time.
,Recommended,413150,21649480,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MattModsPCs,Incredible game. Very impressive that one developer has been able to add so much content to the game. I'm 14 hours in and I have barely dented the gameplay.
76561198085352259,Recommended,413150,21874406,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mr. Moen,It's okay.
76561198025106133,Recommended,413150,30258637,Posted: 1 March,all,Spitfire,"This (indie) game is simply amazing. It was developed by one man and easily tops many AAA games.Probably the best 15$ I've spend in a game for ages.It's way more than a farming game! Possibilities are countless, there is always something to do.In addition, the replay value is huge considering all the choices we could make: skill ""tree"", marraige candidates, joja/community center, farm maps, specialization in farming/breeding/...)Can't wait for the co-op mode :)"
,Recommended,413150,21594212,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,iEpicsaurus,"With all the new games such as Farcry Primal releasing which are very similar in nature, Stardew Valley is a breath of fresh air.One of the best games I've played in a long time and easily keeps me engaged."
,Recommended,413150,21625245,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,FoolyCooly9000,"This game... I can barely even say how much I like it. It make have its ups and downs, but it's a fun, very nostalgic experience. Not only does it remind me of the old Havest Moon games, but with the inclusion of the mines where you can fight tons of monsters, it also makes me think of Rune Factory. For those who don't know, Rune Factory's a fantasy Havest Moon where you can fight monsters and develope skills much faster. The game has a lot to offer in way of story, design and all around feel, though... I do have concern.I wish there was a way to get around faster, like a bike or something. No, I don't want it to come out of your pocket at random, I just really want to be able to get from point A to point B faster. Heck, I'd even love to do that magical teleporting the Wizzard did, that's be cool, I haven't played through the entire game yet, so if this is already in the game, that's fantastic."
,Recommended,413150,21649681,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Betatross,Remeber when games came out and they were actually done being made? this is a example of that.
,Recommended,413150,21914280,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Trash King™,"This game is just...wow. I'll start off by saying I have NEVER played Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, or any game like this or those. What I have played is a lot of different games from different genres to try new things. I am used to shooting games and MMORPG's. The game can be broken down into this, live your life. I bought this game just because I saw the positive reviews and said to my self, ""Welp I got 15$ to blow if I hate it so be if I don't yippy!"". I started off with an open mind, not any expectations what-so-ever. You start off with this dinky little house and not much instructions but the basic how to plant this or how to chop that. I invested a few hours and found my self bored and not understanding why people enjoyed this so much, until I turned it on again.This game is the most relaxing, enjoyable, and outright amazing game I have ever played ( Excluding Dustforce don't get me started ). There is so much to do with 40+ hours already on the clock I haven't even come close to doing 100% of things to do in the game. It keeps you hooked either with someone needing this vegetable form your farm orThe Wizard needing yet ANOTHER rabbits footyou will be playing for hours on end not understanding where the time went. As I said I went into this game with absolutely zero expectations. That was one of the smartest decisions I have EVER made. There is a quote on quote ""end"" to this game whereGrandpa isn't dead and he comes back to say 'Good job laddy'!but even after that there are more things to do and more fun to be had! The possibilites are so high in what you want to do. Oh, you want to raise sheep and sell wool for a living while hunting out bounties to slay monsters while mining for Rubies? Go ahead! You want to be a peaceful farmer who likes potatos way to much? Go ahead!What I am trying to get at guys is this game is a lot of work...when I say a lot I mean it too. Your farm is FULL of logs, boulders, rocks, and so...many...trees. However it is all worth it. Once you get that work going you don't want to stop. So if you do or even DON'T like this type of game, or have never tried one like it before like me, buy it. $15 can be earned easily and if you truly don't like it after a few hours, while I feel bad for you just return it! This game is an awesome way to have a blast while feeling like you are accomplishing something.11/10 Would yell at a Dwarf for talking to me funny again"
76561198025569181,Recommended,413150,21613795,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,PixelFlows,bought it days agostarted to really play todaywhy cant I put this down?watercan/10 would plant more crops.
,Recommended,413150,21634424,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,"Potatoman, Robot Master",Ask all the hot singles in my area to dance.All of them said no.It's ok. My parsnips don't judge me.Oh and this game is ok too I guess.
76561198043493312,Recommended,413150,21819227,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Longriis,Help me I can't stop
,Recommended,413150,21701494,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,That's So Regis,"Ultimate throwback. Adds a lot of depth to the Harvest Moon formula while tossing in some pretty great surprises. Progression can take some time, but that isn't a bad thing. Especially if you want something to hold on to for a while."
76561197987486987,Recommended,413150,22861760,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,hawaiihatch,"I love this new trend of smaller studios making superior clones of classic games than the major developers.Colossal Order did this to the SIm City franchise with Cities: Skyline, and now Concerned Ape has done this to Harvest Moon with Stardew Valley.Great dev, community, and game."
,Recommended,413150,22925258,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,The Pyro's Pocket,Blacksmith gave me geodes for Christmas.I paid him to break them open for me.Rocks.10/10
,Recommended,413150,22562105,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,eekinxiaomao,Love it. :3
,Recommended,413150,22745746,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BadNetCode,"So fun! So comfy!This game satisfied my need to abandon everything and raise goats in the countryside.Do yourself a favor and don't read too much about events in the game before playing them.Dungeon delving is as difficult as you want to make it for yourself. It's easiest if you stock up on cheese and bombs.A ""season"" is 28 days. Screwed myself early on by not knowing that.Wife has moods, gets angry just like my real wife!You can just ignore your baby until they're old enough to interact with!Con: I like the pixel art (reminiscent of Chrono Trigger, et al.), but I find it off-putting that a lot of objects animate by smoothly growing/shrinking, which creates ""pixels"" of varying aspects and sizes. Fishing line also appears as a thin, 1 *real* pixel line from the bobber to the pole, something that mars the retro feel for me since it wouldn't be possible at a low resolution."
76561198093158366,Recommended,413150,21874837,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,TheFireNathan,Iz good.
76561198025306420,Recommended,413150,25421674,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,posburn,"Love this game. Everytime I start it up and hear the title track playing, I just feel good. Such a relaxing game but always something to do. Love the art style. So much detail - it seems like I keep finding little things that surprise me. I can't recommend this game enough and would like to thank the developer for all the love and care that went into this game."
,Recommended,413150,25900614,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,darknessflowers,I've put a lot of hours into this game. Thought I was 'about 30 hours in'... so it was a shock when I realised I was 80 in. It was worth every hour and the new maps seem cool. I'm looking forward to what other future updates there are.
,Recommended,413150,27040027,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pizzadude,Its a good farming game.
,Recommended,413150,22823753,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Anaïs,A great game. Very rich on detailed animations and sounds. The theme escape the city life and enjoy farming works good. You'll get lost in time playing this game.
,Recommended,413150,26970974,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AnjelusX,"I've invested way too many hours into this. The only thing I could wish for is other travel destinations with more marriage candidates, like a city to visit or a vacation spot LOL. Also CA should work with Chucklefish to build a futuristic version set in space as a follo wup game."
,Recommended,413150,25183754,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TenmaTheGod,I was so in love with this game. Haven't picked it up in a while but man oh man was this game lovely! It was like Harvest Moon and LoZ had a love child that didn't give you any trouble. Just grew up to be a cool kid that you could always relax and have fun with.
76561198241999144,Recommended,413150,30690621,Posted: 23 March,all,Robbie Rotten,"The game is endless. you think ist just farming, but ist much more! you can fish, Mine, Explore, Do quests, and much more! I really recommend!"
76561198044546165,Recommended,413150,27558216,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lannister,The spiritual successor of Harvest Moon.  Highly addictive 16-bit style farm management game designed by one man as a labor of love.  Will you be one with nature or side with the mega-corporation?
,Recommended,413150,24598000,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mozillo,"Stardew Valley is a delightful throwback to the great farming games, such as Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town. It's colourful pixel graphics and delightful soundtrack add a pleasant ambience to the game, with each season having its own unique feeling.There's lots to do in the game ranging from plain old farming crops and rearing animals to going fishing and spelunking through a the dungeon and mine in the search of ores and artifacts. There's a great sense of community within the game as each character in the town has a few scenes that take place as you get closer to them and these can be really heartwarming as you interact with some of yoru favorite characters, alongside the annual events that take place each season where you see these characters interacting with one another.There's plenty to do within the first two years of the game as you work towards rebuilding the community center and trying to grow at least one of every crop and catching those seasonal fish you may have missed the first time round. You'll be surprised at how quickly you get engrossed in the game as you start meticulously planning out your farm, and not just the crops and where to plant them, but where you've put the paths and walls as well as chests for storage or your barrels for fermentation and various other buildings. It's just... a fun and simple farming game that's got a good sense of charm to it.(Morehere)"
,Recommended,413150,21586169,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Crocodile Dendi,"No russians, no hackers and I learn how to farm.- den outta den"
,Recommended,413150,21587070,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Riako,"[SPOILER-FREE REVIEW]This game covers the best of Harvest Moon - and more:FARMING: You start with a huge land that you can shape and customize in whatever way you like (and by large I mean it's *gigantic*!). Plant crops, build barns for animals, place decorative items (paths, fences, ...) in a very easy way. You are given incredibly much freedom in your decisions on the farm and a large enough (unlockable) variety of items to craft and decor.At the beginning your farm is full with trees and stones, so first you gotta do some work! By the way, remember the annoying times in Harvest Moon where you only were able to cut around 10 woods a day? Well, not in this game! When you decide to cut some wood today, cut as much you want - there are trees, stumps and stones EVERYWHERE!THE VALLEY AND ITS RESIDENTS: I gotta say, I love the valley so much, it just feels like home. One of your first tasks is to explore the town - and trust me that is extremely fun! The developer put such a huge amount of details into this pixelart game; there is new things to discover in every spot. Oh, wow, what's that telescope? These flowers look beautiful! And what is that stone blocking there? I wanna find out! ... You get the idea.Every villager has their own unique personality, their own background story and a connection to the other villagers. Whenever you talk to them, they tell you new things either about themselves, their relatives or their friend. (And that is also a huge pro that needs to be underlined: The villagers have SO much different text that it varies almost everytime you talk to them. Sometimes they are in a bad mood, sometimes they have chitchat about other people, or sometimes they also involve you in the discussion and ask you questions.)Plus, and I love this tiny feature: The villagers sometimes talk with each other with small speech bubbles!MINING: Oh. my god. I love this feature! I already was a huge fan of the mines in Harvest Moon DS, but this one is even better! ... Every level in the mine looks different - and by that I don't mean that it simply randomizes the tiles, no! In one area everything has stone walls, the next one is filled with grass, then comes one with a lake - and suddenly you land in a very dark level! The mines are very entertaining and always fun to explore (plus, you don't ""start over"" everytime you enter the mine. It's more like you can continue where you last stopped thanks to... well I'm not gonna spoil that here.)I'm really interested to see how deep the mine is going to get.FISHING: I heard some complaints about this on the Stardew Valley forum, but actually I love the fishing minigame very much. It really feels like you are actually fishing: You have to pull back the rope when a fish bites, and then the minigame starts. Pull the pole, then release it a little again, pull again, release... and if you are doing well enough, you catch the fish! You really get used to the game very fast, in my opinion.MY ONLY COMPLAINT: Watering crops. Gosh! This really requires patience; one that you don't really have every morning (in-game). The controls are a bit difficult and I often water the wrong plant (twice), which results in them being hyperhydrated and growing slower.  I wish the game wouldn't allow me to water a crop twice instead (why would you anyway?), because it's really easy with the controllings to miss the plant. You have to control WASD, mouse and mouse-click at the same time, which is sometimes a bit hard.But apart from that... the game is super awesome and I definitely recommend it! The price is extremely cheap ($15 atm), this game is definitely worth $40 or more. There's so much detail, so much story, so much items, so much unlockable stuff... I really wonder when the ""I discovered something new today"" comes to an end.(By the way, my review only covered the very basic features of this game. There is at least 10-times more stuff included in this game, but you might wanna find out about that by yourself!)"
,Recommended,413150,21590885,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Boogiewoo0,"This is one of the gems.One of the gems that happen once every few years and NEVER come from triple-A studios.Stardew Valley does a lot of things right. Every element of it indicates to me that it was a pet project for the developer.  So much effort was put into making this game amazing. It was released on a Friday and by the time I went to bed on Sunday, I had 30 hours into it already.I can't reccomend it enough.The developer is doing a great job of responding to bug complaints and fixing them. He put out 4 patches in 5 days, demonstrating that he is dedicated to making this game as good as it can possibly be. I am eager to see what content he will add to the game in the future.Start a FarmBuy Some SeedsGrow Some BeansBuild a BarnBuy a CowSlay some MonstersFind Love"
76561198062566883,Recommended,413150,21759495,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Santa Klawz,Oh man... 58 hours so far?  How is this possible?
76561198123540511,Recommended,413150,21760137,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jessperk,awesoooooome
,Recommended,413150,21763401,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,🌸༺༺FrozenTEARz༻༻🌸,เล่นตั้งนานพึ่งรู้ว่าระเบิดใช้ระเบิดเหมืองได้ด้วย 5555
76561198182474753,Recommended,413150,21765776,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Homecoming,Is a good game.
76561198057949228,Recommended,413150,21738986,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,LongWongDong,"*gives girl 6 diamonds over 22 days**asks said girl to dance at flower dance festival*""ew... no""10/10 real life simulator"
,Recommended,413150,21771195,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Corey Taylor's Neck,One of the best games i've played in a long time. Get this if you enjoy Harvest Moon or any similar games.
76561198023989888,Recommended,413150,21776511,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Eternal_ashes,I love this game sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much.
,Recommended,413150,21779190,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Schlangus,"Buy this game as soon as you're able to. I promise you will love it if you love not only farm simulation, but also extremely admirable and deep characters, a beautiful yet pixely world, and a decent story."
,Recommended,413150,21780154,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,H3O+,This game might as well be titled addiction simulator. 10/10send help
76561198044787353,Recommended,413150,21780260,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,bgabeler,This game teaches invaluable moral lessons. For example...Got quest to give a gift to someone.Ferreted through some garbage cans.Found a loaf of bread.Gifted bread to mayor.Mission accomplished.10/10 #begenerous #recycle
,Recommended,413150,21732606,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Tux,Seeing all these people with massive farms and I'm sitting here with a small patch of melons.
,Recommended,413150,21736672,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cipriani,Asked every girl to dance with me got rejected by every single one of them . Just like real life  foreveralone/10
,Recommended,413150,21653120,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tembro,I have all ready put 31 hours of gametime into Stardew Valley and I'm sure there will be a lot more.
,Recommended,413150,21779132,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jon Lee Pettimore,"At the time of writing this review, I have approximately twenty five hours logged in the game.Stardew Valley is a spiritual successor to the Harvest Moon style of games, the core of an often neglected genre of time management/farm simulation games that have had a cult following since the inception of the original Harvest Moon on SNES.A cursory overview will show a game about farming in the aforementioned flavor with a Terraria/Starbound graphical style. But it’s more than that. At its heart, this game is about time/resource management, making sure you allow for the proper allocation to ensure you accomplish your goals, which you have the luxury of defining yourself.Add on to this management a simple relationship system with your neighbors/villagers, and include the varied actions of farming, fishing, mining, dungeon crawling, wealth building and exploration.And to top that all off, add in a single developer who has been working on the title for four plus years and has managed to churn out five significant patches in less than two weeks and has stated his serious desire to release further content (end game expansions, multiplayer, ect.), and you begin to understand why this game has captured the imagination of not just Steam, but gamers everywhere.I’ve included a brief Pro/Con list to follow.Pros;The game is a fantastic spiritual successor to Harvest Moon and other games like it.This game is as challenging as you want it to be; spend all day fishing and relax. Or figure out how to maximize profits on your farm and juggle those demands with a social life in the village.The game has an addictive play style that will have you saying “One more day” more often than your favorite Civilization game.Cons;The game offers little in the way of tutorial or assistance for players brand new to the genre. The learning curve can be step.Going along with point 1, certain item descriptions lack uniformity and clarity (sprinklers, fencing, advanced tools, ect.)While the early part of the game is content heavy, there have been consistent reports that late game is feature light (cannot personally confirm, but it is worth noting).TLDR; If you’ve ever enjoyed a Harvest Moon game, you should really give this one a go. If you enjoyed the game play in Terraria or similar games, you should play this one, too. If you’re brand new to the whole idea of ‘farming simulation’, do some more in depth study, but keep this one on your follow list until you’ve made a decision."
,Recommended,413150,27441891,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(> '.' )>,"Better than Harvest Moon. If you want to use custom/anime portraits or any SV mods, check this outhttp://community.playstarbound.com/forums/sdv-mods-art/"
,Recommended,413150,31200637,Posted: 17 April,all,Paxx,"Do you hate the huge workload of real life? Do you hate impossible goals? Do you hate relationships driven by only gifts?Then come on down to Stardew Valley to spend most of your natural life working on your farm, building towards impossible community bundles, and giving people gifts to make them like you! It may sound horrible, but its a lot more fun than real life - and I have a life!It would be my game of the year if it weren't for Super Mario Brothers 2 always winning! 10/10"
76561198305461205,Recommended,413150,32009747,Posted: 27 May,all,Synchronize,Over all this game is fun if you enjoy spending hours of your life doing the same thing over and over again.
,Recommended,413150,30661804,Posted: 21 March,all,Jamal Alekwachamka,Best time waster
,Recommended,413150,27178284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vanix,"Stardew Valley is so relaxing and an absolute joy to play, it helped me deal with depression and it made me just a bit happier. For that I cannot thank the develeoper enough. It was also made by only one guy, so please support him. He deserves it, Stardew Valley is made with a lot of love and care.Some extra details I love in the game:-Same sex marriage in the game is considered completely normal-Mod support-There will be multiplayer added soon"
76561198028276176,Recommended,413150,27399811,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Daniel,"This game has well earned it's reputation. I always wanted to try a Harvest Moon type game but never decided on which to get -until Stardew Valley. This was everything I wanted and so much more; farming, exploring, combat, looting, community, and more. I would recomend this to anyone, it's that good."
,Recommended,413150,32123340,Posted: 2 June,all,Cosmofluff,Manual labour has never been more fun!
,Recommended,413150,28883417,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Graham Crackers,"I knew this game was good my first time playing it, because when I looked up at my clock it was already 3 in the morning.There's nothing pretentious or revolutionary about Stardew. It's simply a cute, enjoyable time waster that's way too good at its job. It's never frustrating or boring and there's always something for you to busy yourself with. It's just a straight up good video game.Honestly one of the best casual games on Steam right now and a great way to kill a few hours. Or days."
76561197998412508,Recommended,413150,24222943,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,kmsparklin,Great little game.
,Recommended,413150,32375346,Posted: 12 June,all,Your Uncle,Prepare to lose hours of your life to a virtual farm- while loving every second.
,Recommended,413150,32399118,Posted: 13 June,all,Poll Josoph Whatson,"Really triggers my anxiety, and I think I developed chronophobia whilst playing. Pixel art and music are really nice though. 10/10"
,Recommended,413150,25793647,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gwarnine,"i have put some time into this game, and have just fallen in love like countless others. it took a while for the controls to feel natural due to a strange farming tools control scheme, but other than that, the game feels wonderful. i've played a bit of starbound and terraria, and these guys need to look at the way this game works because the level of engagement when it comes to working your crops is grand, and the paceing feels really good. one big question i will leave you with is this: Why the HELL is this not on the 3DS?"
76561198132829668,Recommended,413150,31564337,Posted: 5 May,all,Owl King,"Honestly, thought the game looked childish. But damn I invested so much time into this game. Great game."
76561198254341787,Recommended,413150,30267118,Posted: 1 March,all,BaDtF2pLaYeR,"One of the best farming games i've playen(because its the only) but its kinda laggy because of the amazing graphics, which is good!"
,Recommended,413150,27957928,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Furious half inch,"Great soundtrack, fun to play when you've got nothing else to do.also wrote this so i could get the Steam awards nomination badge"
,Recommended,413150,30793651,Posted: 28 March,all,Mr. Tsukuda,"As a fan of Harvest Moon, with over 1000 hours put into the series in general, I can say that this game sure competes quite well, especially compared to newer entries in the HM series.If you wish for a laid-back & relaxing game, that still gives you quite nice goals, or at least subtly urges you to set goals for yourself, this is it. Absolutely great, 10/10, this is the game I'll start judging new HM games to, instead of Friends of Mineral Town, my previous favourite game in the genre."
,Recommended,413150,30452539,Posted: 11 March,all,Loxis,"Never played harvest moon or animal corssing or any game like that before playing this game so no nostalgia was involved in my recommendation. This game is honestly one of the best games of 2016 and I am surprised that it didn't win indie game of the year. The actual gameplay is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ it literally consists of watering plants and watching it grow, but the events that happen nearly every day and the need to grow your farm, make relationships with the villagers, explore the world and finish the bundles makes it absolutely worthwhile. My only negative is that I need to go to the wiki every 5 minutes but I guess there's nothing the developper could really do about that.P.S. Do not watch videos about this game as a large part of the enjoyment is the suprise associated with the amount of content."
,Recommended,413150,32419525,Posted: 14 June,all,JustinKappa,"Great game, very chill,♥♥♥♥♥♥ton to do, cauliflower."
76561198003223723,Recommended,413150,32422686,Posted: 14 June,all,Clobiant,Very fun game.  Highly recommend.
