user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,413410,32497777,Posted: 17 June,all,X3NPAI,"Welcome to Hopes Peak Academy where theUltimate's hope falls into despair.Traped and forced to play a murdery game.Let's begin with the simple rules of explaination:Live forever in a peaceful life within the school.Inorder to getgraduatedstudents have to murder each other without being caught.Game is divided into 2 sections:Daily live:Story continues as usual and player got the opportunity to know their classmate better.Deadly live:Murder occours and player are forced to investigate inorder to survive.DuringClass Trialplayer has to represent evidences, argue a lot by findingcontradictions. Alsosummarizingthe case is the reward to close it once and for all !ProShows a perpective from an ordinary boy.Can tell how the charactersreacttowards despair.The dialouge offers player many positiv adjectives, interesting quotes and humors that can either be:Irony or sarcasm.Offers you to think instead of sitting there and read.Highlightsthedefinitionofhopeanddespair.Offers analternativemode.The soundtracks are indeed fitting into situations that players are confronting with at the spot.ConSome achievments requires you to grind a lot.The character's audio speaking is somehow irritating.No alternative scenes.Conclusion:This game is funny and got indeed lots of mysteries which are waiting to be discovered to enjoy but after you've reach a certain part, it can be boring."
,Recommended,413410,21340949,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Malkiax,Much like group projects at normal high school. I ended up doing all the work while everyone else tried to ruin it
,Recommended,413410,21302908,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,aerolyt,"""But I watched the anime, I don't need to play this, right?""Let-Let me stop you right there.The anime is trash*, plain and simple, but this... this is another matter entirely.Danganronpa answers the age old question of ""What happens if you let a mechanical bear with a despair fetish capture a bunch of highschool students with extreme proficiency in one field and force them to kill each other?""The answer, of course, is one of the most incredible visual novel experiences I've ever had. Danganronpa takes everything up to 11, shows you what it would look like if you went to 12, and then skips straight to 15. Everything about it is enthralling and horrifying all at once. I lost a lot of sleep thinking about this game.Do yourself a favor and just sit down and play it straight through. Don't read anything else about it. Don't risk ruining the experience for yourself, because hot damn is it an experience. Everything after like the first 30 minutes is a game changing spoiler.I can come up with about 11037 more reasons why this game is great, but I'll spare you my ramblings. Just... just play it.*This is called comedic hyperbole. Please read my edits.EDIT 1: In response to some of the comments on this review, let me expand my discussion on the anime a bit. The anime is a direct adaption of only the most essential elements of the plot of the original PSP game. The result is next to nothing as far as character development, and the suspense and thrill of solving the crimes is completely eliminated by the investigation/courtroom montages that sort of just... exposit, with little of interest otherwise. I have absolutely nothing against the adaption as its own work or even against anime in general. It's just that when compared to the extremely detailed characterization every single character gets in the game and the satisfaction of actually having to solve all the crimes yourself, the anime falls flat.In short, the anime is definitely not a substitute for actually playing the game. I hope this helps!EDIT 2: Well... yes, if you've watched the anime you'll have the plot spoiled for you. However, like I said, you still only know the gist of how each crime happened. You still have to actually do all the legwork to prove it, which is still a lot of fun in and of itself. At least I think so. Plus, there character events and bonus scenes that can't be seen by just watching the anime. So if you have any attatchment to the characters, then yes, I do think there is value in playing the game. If you just wanted the plot, well... you got it."
,Recommended,413410,23493047,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,NPC_Name,"To whoever plan on playing this gem of a game, a word of advice: do NOT look up anything about it online before you've finished it. Once you get spoiled there's no going back"
,Recommended,413410,21301682,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Evil incarnate,"SPOILER FREE REVIEW -- [I have beaten this on Vita]Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a deceptive, mystery-driven variety adventure title with visual novel, horror and romance elements. Sounds like a mouthful? But this game manages to split these elements proportionally to make them enjoyable and add fuel to the evolving, amazing, storyline that will haunt you for years to come.Originally a PSP title, with multiple ports for years to come, the PC version is more akin to a straight-up port than a HD remake. Which is fine, and understandable, because it isn't the games' aesthetics which make it one of the best adventure games I've ever played; but its story, characters and setting.Again, spoiler-free, but you play as Makoto Naegi, an average high school boy finding himself trapped in a mysterious building one day with other students; aptly nicknamed given their personality and fashion. Not long in, there's been a murder and you are put in charge with finding out who murdered said person, by learning about the other characters, finding clues and going into a trial with them ala Ace Attorney. Speaking of - I feel Danganronpa is a strong franchise which can be compared to the Ace Attorney series as there are identical gameplay elements and quirky design choices.Moving on though, general gameplay consists of room-to-room movement, talking to characters in visual novel-esque, with their beautifully drawn portraits to keep you distracted from the text. During the trials, there are well-placed, reasonable and sensical QTEs that tie-in with how both the story and gameplay present themselves up until that point. Your quick fingers, your own intuition and feelings for the characters will make you feel confident, or weasel out of wanting to press those button propmpts.Anyway, for me personally, one of the best portions of the game is its atmosphere: its forboding, compelling, repressive and tense building was mostly on my part because of the direction the game goes. It... isn't your typical raincoat detective story, there's nicely used humour, a strange but loveable villain which is introduced early, whacky, bizarre, creative yet at the same time, reverse-stereotypical characters. But what did it for me... was the way the game progresses, what happens when each new day passes... what your consequence is for not finding the murderer quick enough. All the dread, mystery and tension is added as layers of fear, heh. At one point, I felt legitamately frightened to continue, but I did anyway knowing what would happen next was going to blow my mind.I can't say enough good things about this game, BUY IT. BUY IT NOW. It will be one of the best adventure games you'll play, there is something for everybody in this game, big and small. This game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,413410,21647446,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Heliotrope357,"If enough people purchase Danganronpa: THH, the developers will create Danganonpa: Sakura's Revenge"
,Recommended,413410,21308189,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mugisnarky,All of my friends are dead.
76561197999405062,Recommended,413410,21341788,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Methellus,"On the surface, this game is just a big bunch of stereotypes put together. However, this turns out to be one of its biggest strengths. The game strikes a good balance between rolling with the tropes and subverting them, constantly leading you into an 'obvious' conclusion and then pulling the rug from underneath you. Then, as soon as you start accounting for this, the game once again switches gears to keep you guessing. I encountered quite a few unexpected plot twists during my first playthrough of the PSP fan translation a few years back, which was a pleasant surprise given the predictable nature of most video game stories.While the story is still pretty fun even if you do know what's going to happen, if you are currently unspoiled, I suggest you try and keep it that way. Stay away from forums, don't look online for fan art and for God's sakedo not listen to the soundtrack until you finish the game(I managed to spoil myself by reading the tracklist during my first playthrough).In terms of replayability, I consider the game to be worth at least two playthroughs: there is a lot of clever foreshadowing that you will simply not get on your first playthrough hidden throughout the game and focussing your gift-giving and free time activities on different characters will reward you with additional backstory for them. As such, I'd say the current asking price is very fair, even for a six-year old port.Aside from buying the game based on its merits, if you are at all interested in seeing similar games get ported from Sony's ill-fated handhelds to Steam, buying Dangan Ronpa is a good signal to companies like Spike Chunsoft that there is, in fact, a market for them. It's unfortunate for Sony, but thanks to Spike Chunsoft, I won't have to consider buying a Vita (TV) anymore to play the second installment of this series and I sincerly hope that other hidden gems will eventually make their way to Steam as well."
,Recommended,413410,21308875,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Zlandael,"Think of Ace Attorney, but full of fast paced and action oriented arguments. As a person that finished it on the PSP (through unconventional methods) I am very satisfied that it's on steam so I don't have to feel guilty!Also it's another game that isfullof spoilers, so Googling is very, very risky. Wanna search up your favorite character but without spoilers? Good luck. Searching up fanart? Goodbye."
,Recommended,413410,21328977,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DialTheDude,"There was a character that I really liked.I hung out with them, gave them a present, learned from them, and we both became better people afterwards. We were best pals.And then that character got killed. I am now filled with despair.10/10 Would feel despair again."
,Recommended,413410,22359484,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Roquen,"Danganronpa is now one of my favorite games. After sinking in 40 hours (completionist) I regret NOTHING! Even after beating the game I chose to play part of it over again to befriend different people (thus changing my skills, which effects my ""spec"") to see how a new spec would affect trials.It should be noted that this is NOT a visual novel. The community and even many professionals have that wrong. A visual novel is a game where it's ALL narration, with the occasional ""choose what happens next"" selection. This game is an ADV (Adventure Game). It has MANY gameplay elements including walking around the school, discovering new areas, befriending different people, giving them gifts to make them like you more, getting skills from those friendships and utilizing them in trials. And then within the trials themselves you play several mini games as well, including a DDR-style press the buttons to the rhythm, hangman (with a gun), and firing truth bullets to bring to light contradictory logic (so basically a logic mini game). You can even get a game over if you fail in the trials, not something you'd see in a visual novel. For completionists there is a full list of gifts you can get via an egg machine in the school shop and it's based on probability of repeat percentage which can be lowered by inserting more and more coins (which are found by uncovering secrets throughout the game - completely optional).Anyway, again, it's a GREAT game that's very fun through and through. There is humor that will make you laugh, interactions that will warm you, and events that will brutally break your heart and make you cry. It's an emotional rollercoaster!"
,Recommended,413410,26537406,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,RetroFuturism,Just don't watch the anime first man...
,Recommended,413410,32188708,Posted: 4 June,all,catnaps,"+ cute grills+ evil, ♥♥♥♥ed up perverted bear+ presents u can give to ur friends who are 99% probably gunna die+ catchy music+ cool art style+ again, cute grills- some of the action-ey parts of the class trials are a little tedious and ""meh""- can't change the language without restarting a chapter so if u chose the slightly cringe english setting ur somewhat screwed there- the blood in this game is pepto bismol pink due to censorship which is kinda lame but you'll probably get used to it after seeing it onceif you like visual novels, characters with colorful/extreme personalities and murder/mystery stuff (like ace attorney) you'll probably enjoy the game, to which I suggest getting the 1+2 bundle like I didTL;DR - just buy it"
,Recommended,413410,32875395,Posted: 27 June,all,O'Laf,"INTRODUCTIONDanganronpa: Trigger Happy Havocis a Japanese detective murder mystery Visual Novel about a group of trapped high school students killing each other and bleeding grapejuice.PROSStory.The set-up itself is pretty simple: there are several students trapped in prestige high school. In order to get out, one must kill another student and remain unknown. But the story goes deeper, leaving us clueless about many (but not all) plot twists up until the end.Characters.Even though some of them look like walking anime tropes, (almost) all of them are interesting characters with their own, unique story and personality.Gameplay.Both the ""Investigation"" and ""Class Trial"" parts are well made. In the ""Investigation"" part, you collect information about murders, ask people information and move aroung school, clueless what to do next. The ""Class Trial"" part is really similar to the ""Court"" part in Ace Attorney, if you include a lot of mini-games. There's also a ""Hanging Out"" part, which is a lazy excuse to throw the dating mechanic in it. With it, you can learn more about characters, their backstory and motives.Atmosphere.Be it cheesy fanservice or intense moments, this game nails them both. Combined with good soundtrack, you will be really invested with the story and its flow.Port.It's an incredible port from (I presume) PS Vita. Even mediocre computers can handle it pretty good. Kudos to Abstraction Games!CONSSome of the mini-games in ""Class Trial"".They keep introducing new and new mini-games, when you barely learned how the previous ones work. It can be overwhelming for a person who just started playing this game.Difficulty.Even if it's your first time playing Danganronpa, you should still choose the """"""hardest"""""" settings. Not only they are much more rewarding, the game does not become much difficult. As long as you're paying attention, you will be fine.Some of the plot twists.Sometimes you'll know who the killer is before the ""Class Trial"". It did not ruin the overall enjoyment of the game for me, but I did say ""OH COME ON"" several times while playing it.CONCLUSIONNot only Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc itself is a good game, it's also a surprisingly good port. Some of the cases are (MUCH) easier than others, the humor can be too cheesy, but overall I had a great experience playing it. If you're a fan of Ace Attorney, you'll probably enjoy this one."
,Recommended,413410,21413698,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Suavek,"I went into Danganronpa not certain what to expect. The only thing I knew was that it's an anime-style murder mystery visual novel with some social interactions and Ace Attorney inspired investigations and trials. I didn't even watch any of the trailers, to be honest. Perhaps that's the reason I was so invested when I've started playing the game for the first time. Because even though the story setting seems quite absurd, it's the overall presentation and a bunch of well-written characters that make Danganronpa so unique. Even when you're able to predict what will happen next, or who will die, there's a chance of a clever twist occuring in the meantime or afterwards, either changing your perception of some of the characters, or deepening the overall mystery surrounding the whole killing-game.Truth be told, Danganronpa is quite linear and there's really only one solution to any given mystery or puzzle. That said, the game hides it all well and allows the player to make some choices of their own during free time, and offers some optional conversations or activities. Plus, it's the overall story and the characters you interact with that are the focus here. The investigations are quite easy, while the trials themselves require either a bit of logical thinking, or just a couple of attempts to get it right (when the logic fails you...), but they're all presented in a very appealing style, which also involves some really awesome and varied music.I've played the game for the first time on the PSVita, but I got the PC version anyway and I can safely say that even though mouse+keyboard controls may seem weird at first, the port as a whole is quite good and should run on a potato (i.e. I'm running it fine on an ancient rig, 60fps, no issues whatsoever).Strong recommendation on this one, if you're in any way interested in murder mysteries with some grotesque anime weirdness. Just do yourself a favor and play with the original japanese voices, and not the awful english dub..."
,Recommended,413410,23318550,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Left Shark,"The only game I have found that is a mixture of Battle Royale, Ace Attorney, and a sheet of acid."
,Recommended,413410,27648483,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hyouka,"I decided to nominate this game for the ''Just 5 More Minutes Award'', simply because it keeps you entertained, and it is hard to find a suitable moment to stop playing.First off, play the game before you watch the anime!I. STORYThis is one of the few VNs (Visual Novels) that has managed to keep me entertained for hours upon hours. You play as Makoto Naegi, one of many students who have been imprisoned in their school, cut off from the rest of the world, and subject to the horrible acts of the evil mastermind, Monokuma. The only way to escape, is to kill one of the other students without getting caught. After every murder, a classtrial will be held. If you fail to find the correct killer, everyone expect for the murderer will die. However, if you unmask the killer, only the murderer dies, and the rest are free to go.The story may sound a bit weird, but trust me, the developers have done their utmost to create an interesting plot. The end-result is a story that keeps you entertained for many hours.II. GAMEPLAYDanganronpa's gameplay is seperated into two parts, Freemode and Trials:FreemodeFreemode Part 1 - Solving a murderIf a murder occurs, you and your fellow students are given the task of finding enough clues to solve the crime. Sometimes, the game will force you to pair up with another character, other times, you are by your own. For the most part, you are free to explore the school as you wish (keep in mind, some areas are locked, and can only be unlocked as you progress through the game), but there are a couple of checkpoints you must complete in order to move on to the next segment in the story.Freemode Part 2 - Bonding with your friendsThe game invites you to learn more about the characters through ''Freetime events''.  These events do not affect the story. If there is a character you wish to learn more about, you can give them a present. Depending on the present, your relationship with a character may be strengthened even further.TrialsThe trials are where you are supposed to show off your skills. Your goal is to unmask the killer and find out how he murdered his victim. There are different interactive mini-games that you must play through in order to find the murderer. The games keep you entertained and can be quite challenging at times (you are free to choose your own difficulty level, so do not worry if you suck at games like I do).It is important to stay focused during the trial. You must listen to what each of the other characters say. If the content of their message does not add up, it is your task to bust them. Do note, your life is at stake. If you fail to unmask the murderer, you will die.III. CHARACTERSIt is quite evident that the creators have done their utmost to create an outstanding cast of characters. None of the them are alike. Each of them have their own individual stories, which make them incredibly interesting to talk with. The voicing is also astonishing. These are the types of characters that you will treasure and not easily forget about.IV. ACHIEVEMENTSThe game rewards you with achievements as you progress through the story. Some of the them are harder to obtain than others, but that is what makes them rewarding. If you are an achievement-hunter who is looking for an interesting game to 100%, this is the perfect game for you.Please note that you may have to play through the game more than once in order to get all of the achievementsV. TL;DR/Summary/ConclusionDanganronpa: Tripper Happy Havoc is one of the best games I have ever played. The story is interesting and entertaining, the gameplay is fun and challenging, and the characters have so much depth. All in all, this is a game that deserves a 10/10."
76561198090544180,Recommended,413410,21313056,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Luke who leapt through time,I can now feel despair in 60 FPS !!!!!!!!
,Recommended,413410,21384266,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Рустем,"Buy it, so we could have Zero Escape on PC."
76561198043910845,Recommended,413410,21310173,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Last_Sinner,"It has been a pleasant surprise to see a game of this level reach Steam. Don't judge it by the anime adaptation, don't judge it by other Japanese games you've previously played, don't judge it by the stereotypes you're used to within anime/manga/games from Japan.There is something complex and daring here. Something that consistently pulls the rug from under your feet. Willing to achieve something unique with its characters while most titles would resort to the same old archetypes. Willing to push you and the participants to near breaking point but keep hope within a tantalising reach.Memorable cast with an astounding level of depth, very clever story/plot, smooth gameplay with minimal issues, very refreshing visual design, brilliant soundtrack. And the original Japanese voices are included - such a relief.And what do you know...they ported it properly! Unlike the shambles of ports like numerous Final Fantasy installments, Tales of Symphonia, Arkham Knight, etc. - Danganronpa plays pretty damn well on PC!Don't wait for the seasonal sales like you would with most games. Buy it at this very fair and deserving  launch price. Show the developers, Steam and other companies that we do give a damn about games like this and that we will support them when they are willing to give us good games at fair prices that are ported properly!Kudos to you, Chunsoft and Steam."
76561198229756516,Recommended,413410,34305457,Posted: 17 August,all,Kate,My boyfriend told me about Danganronpa. Now Danganronpa is my boyfriend.
,Recommended,413410,21358618,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,"Disregard women,acquire money","Imagine if you took the best parts of Persona 4, Ace Attorney, and Zero's escape to make the ultimate game.That's what Danganronpa is.10/10"
,Recommended,413410,23934475,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Duskyui,"If ""Ace Attorney: All My Friends Are Dead Edition"" sounds like a fun experience, this is the game for you."
76561198014351776,Recommended,413410,23548723,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Felathal,This game is psychological torture. And I want more.
,Recommended,413410,23391759,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Box man,"If you like Zero Escape, Ace Attorney, or the Visual Novel genre in general, you should give this game a shot."
,Recommended,413410,21469969,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ティアラ μ's,"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, developed by Spike Chunsoft and published by Spike Chunsoft Co., Ltd. themselves. Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is not your typical visual novel where you where everything always goes smoothly where no one gets into trouble or anything, it has the touch of mystery, horror, point and click and detective work all in the mix of this visual novel not to mention the story is very rich.The StoryHope’s Peak Academy is home to Japan’s best and brightest high school students. The protagonist, Naegi Makoto (excels in Luck) arrives on the first day of class only to fall unconscious after he steps through the gates. When he wakes up, he meets up with 14 other students who went through the same experience, and they find that all possible exits have been sealed shut. Makoto Naegi and his classmates find themselves imprisoned in the school, cut off from the outside world and subject to the whims of a strange, murderous little bear named Monokuma a black and white robot bear who appears to be behind the whole affair, that they are playing a game and the only way for them to leave the school is to “graduate”. To do so he pits the students against each other, promising freedom to anyone who can murder a fellow classmate and get away with it.It’s up to you to find out who Monokuma really is, and why you’ve been taken from the world you once knew. But be careful what you wish for—sometimes there’s nothing more deadly than the truth…Characters all of them are interesting in many ways. Personally my favorite character in Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is Kirigiri Kyouko, she always has that mysterious and cool yet mature aura around her while always being level headed and face problems calmly that always seem so charming to me personally.Audio and Visual ElementsVisual Elements –Many things to note here is that the backgrounds, CGs and character sprites used in Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc are very consistent with each other in turn made the whole visual novel as whole looks smoother. This is really a huge thing for me overall I absolutely adore the artstyle used in Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc. I have played many visual novels where the character sprites are not consistent with the backgrounds at all and then in turn they do not blend in nicely causing them to not look nice and “smooth” at all.Audio Elements –Music is a very important factor to consider in a visual novel because music has a great ability to set the mood and make things flow from then on and Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc definitely has this executed perfectly. Each time the “phase” of the story chances, the BGM would change with it to set the mood and tension around the characters. Lets take for example in trial room where they would start the arguments to prove their points I absolutely adore what the BGM did there where it changes the atmosphere in a split second just with the power of music.To sum upWill I recommend this visual novel? Simple answer yes, I would definitely recommend this awesome visual novel if you are the type of person who looks for gameplay in a visual novel as this definitely has loads of gameplay to offer and loves detective work with dark mysteries waiting to be uncovered and solved. Honestly I am not a fan of having gameplay in my visual novel I am more of the typer of person that prefers to just click on my mouse all day long, but Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc has so much to offer, it has a rich story interesting and fun to read through, has great music to offer and gameplay [If you like gameplay in your VN]Click here for the full review with more details."
,Recommended,413410,21305350,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Durante,"It's a solid port of an interesting and innovative VN.What more could you want?Well, what youshouldwant is not to read anything about the game online and do your best to avoid spoilers, since quite a lot of the enjoyment of this kind of game comes from story twists and revelations.(Also, disregard my time played, I completed the game on its original platform)"
,Recommended,413410,22820397,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,zerox102,The game is good and the reviews are spoilers.That's all you need to know.
76561198055944865,Recommended,413410,26895487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FatalFox337,Do you like murder?Do you like best girls?Do you like trials?Do you like bear puns?Do you like mass amounts of crippling deprssion that will stick with you for the rest of your mortal life?Then this is the game for you
,Recommended,413410,32705057,Posted: 23 June,all,Brisbe,"If you like games like Professor Layton, Phoenix Wright, or other story-based puzzle-solving games, then you *have* to play this, full stop."
,Recommended,413410,21364971,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MAGES,"""This game looks boring.""*fires truth bullet*NO THATS WRONG!!"
,Recommended,413410,21437066,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Arcanon,Everyone I loved died.
,Recommended,413410,24503109,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Friendly Caique,"Having one of the most thrilling and ""Oh-I-Never-Thought-Of-That"" story plot, combine together with very detailed and fruitful character settings and excellent voice acting, plus pretty interesting case solving mini games, and you got Danganronpa!"
76561198133230864,Recommended,413410,21647205,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TechnoShindo,Psychotic bear [✓]Intense music [✓]Dead Waifus [✓]Intimate Despair [✓]No Danganronpa 2 tho 10/10
76561197996989835,Recommended,413410,21387888,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BrokenCrown,"WARNING: Go in spoiler FREE!Very story heavy, once you know the story, play value drops significantly.WARNING: LOTS of reading!If you're illiterate, get headaches from prolonged reading on screens, or are just lazy, you may have trouble enjoying this game. Although I'd still recommend you play it in chuncks. There is voice acting, but only for select parts.PLAY ON MEAN SETTINGS!Game is not very hard, it's very forgiving, bringing you right where you failed. Game just feels like it was balanced for mean settings, while the easier settings just remove ""wrong"" options, making it feel less like YOU figured it out on your own.Don't worry about 100%ing it on your first playthrough, it isn't possible, but is made easier with additional game mode after regular mode is complete. Focus on the story, figuring out mystories, and trying to get close to the characters. It'll make their impact more meaningfull. I found myself falling in and out of love with every character as the story developed.I do have one complaint, but it's a little spoilery, so I'll keep it vague. It involves the illusion of choice.I recommend this game 100% but I know it may not be for everyone. I was unsure about it myself when I first got it, but after the very first case, I found myself marathoning it for the next couple days."
76561198050949460,Recommended,413410,22266163,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,♔Monochrome,Everything i love is dying
76561198212021892,Recommended,413410,23414761,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Riley,I fell in love with a man who had a corn cob for hair.He then murdered the innocent cinnamon roll while his boyfriend cried in the background.I don't know who to trust anymore.
,Recommended,413410,22518144,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Evtrai,"AMAZING GAME, I'm not quite a fan of visual novels but this game was amazing, hard to stop, hard to even go to sleep thinking about what will happen next.+ Great Story+ Great Characters+ Great Gameplay+ Great Art- Sprites can sometimes be low quality looking, this is understandable however given that this game was originally for PSP then ported to Vita then to PC, at first it's very noticeable but then you forget about it, this is mainly a problem for 1080p and above resolutions but not really a significant one.An advice and word of warning though, DO NOT GOOGLE this game, not even the name, not art, no wiki page, not the steam comunity art section, don't even look at the steam cards, because is incredibly easy to get spoiled for this game, don't look at Danganronpa 2 page screen shots, don't look at Danganronpa V3 anime trailer, trust me, thank me later."
,Recommended,413410,23517257,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dandekku,"great game, but the bear puns are...unBEARable"
76561198131236321,Recommended,413410,22228542,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,animeisgay,Gave a girl a bandage for a present and she loved itTried it in real life and she thought i was stupidReal girls have bad taste\\10/10
,Recommended,413410,21339552,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Rokoshy,"Remember that time, when watching GoT, that you said ""Oh boy, I love the Starks, specially Ned""? Remember your reaction?Prepare to feel the same thing again. Several times."
,Recommended,413410,29457652,Posted: 24 January,all,Anime Intimate Defense Squad,"Picked a waifu, waifu died, found out waifu was actually a guy. No regrets.10/10 All my friends are now dead"
,Recommended,413410,24802773,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Beatrice,"StoryProsConsMain StoryYou got accepted for a elite high school, and now you are a prisoner trying to survive a psychopaths' murder gameCharactersExtreme character personalities that actually go through some character development as the story progressesTheir reactions to events that unfold are somewhat predictableConceptProsConsMurder MysteryAbsurd circumstances allow for a interesting murder mystery gameYou never have the freedom to try and creatively kill someone yourself to escapeClass TrialsGather clues to solve each murder that occurs, failing them will result in everyone but the killer dieing!Sometimes characters repeat certain facts too much, or act extremely stupid to something that should be rather obvious.Twists & TurnsThere is enough twists in the class trials to keep each murder interesting and engaging to figure out who did itCapsule MachineMonomono machine makes shopping far less complex, and makes everyone happy!The ability to be able to spend coins on items you have previously gotten to stack them as gifts would have been niceGameplayProsConsClass TrialsClass trials are fun and engaging featuring tons of different mini games to help solve the mystery of the murder caseSome of the mini games can feel extremely unnecessary (looking at you hangman)Free TimeFree time to spend with other characters and learn more about themBeing unable to max a relationship because they died can be annoying at timesCan build relationships after you beat the game so you can finish finding out more about them"
,Recommended,413410,28497135,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,MolSno,This game changed my life.
76561198186166665,Recommended,413410,21411674,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,WALUIGI,"I 100% recommend that you buy this game! Absolutely in the top 10 games I have ever played! This was my first VN that I've played, and it won't be the last once Danganropa 2: Goodbye Despair comes out for PC."
,Recommended,413410,32549650,Posted: 18 June,all,*^SaoSin^*,"So here I am telling you why you should buy the game which you probably bought or knew waaaay before me. I was avoiding this one a lot just because I didn't know to which shelf it goes. I was mistaken by thinking that it looked somehow silly for murdering game. Yeah mistakes were made.Anyway Danganronpa is an exceptional VN I guarantee. Why is that? Simply - it is not just reading. It has some of the most deep gameplay I had pleasure to try in any reading game. It contains 4 elements: Daily Life, Exploration, Murders and Judgements. We are entertained all the time. It is almost impossible to create such tension and evolving mechanics during Class Trials, hours flee one by one.One problem which I found with this game is that it is linear, offering only illusional freedom. We really are guided through the mysteries by the designers. No room for failure or not finding a clue except Class Trials. Well that was to be expected I hoped for more choices and that could've been done and branched, 3 endings are enough though. Anyway the game is amazing, even if you don't like VN's Danganronpa can change your opinion, increasing your heartbeat.PS: Monokuma sucks I hate this annoying teddy bear."
,Recommended,413410,28265264,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,TommoT,"I saw this game back when it first came out on the PC. I went and watched the anime (bad idea) and then came back to play the game. All I can say is wow. wow. WOW! This game is one of my favourite games thanks to it's rich story, energetic soundtrack and half decent english VA's for the first time in however long.Pros- Great voice acting for Japanese and English playthroughs- Likeable characters who aren't all complete jerks- Free time to learn more about your classmates- Different difficulty options for different level players- Un-bear-able bear puns from our main antagonist- Visual novel parts and also gameplay parts (class trials)-HOPECons- Most of your favourite characters will die- I found the hard difficulty sort of easy, but I do play quite alot of games so it might just be me- DESPAIRNotes- DO NOT WATCH THE ANIME FIRST! The anime spoils everything and the game is better to be played first. If you have watched the anime, don't let that stop you as the game IS a lot more detailed."
,Recommended,413410,21754929,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,JimTheCactus,"Danganronpa is a highly stylized point and click mystery game set entirely in a single school, filled with a diverse cast of exceptional characters, decent game mechanics, an engaging story, adequate character art, great backgrounds, not quite enough different music, and astonishingly good localization.Game mechanics: 4/5Danganronpa is best understood as a mix up of four major genres: point and click adventure, visual novel, 2D shooter, and rhythm game. Moreover, gameplay is broken into two segments: free roam and Class Trials. During the free roam segments, you explore the school looking for clues in the style of a point and click adventure, or use the time to pursue deeper knowledge of the individual characters in the manner of a visual novel. The Class Trial segments, however, are more action oriented and have you either using a cursor or matching rhythms to make/refute statements.I found the free roam segments to be very well laid out, with important information well placed, but not spoon fed to you. I never really felt lost as for where to go next, and only rarely felt as though I’d been forced by the story to go somewhere rather than being allowed to find it myself.The Class Trial segments were a lot less comfortable, however. Mystery games in general have a problem where you have to select what the scripter felt was the correct item to indicate a contradiction, and Danganronpa was no exception. It performs comparably with other games in its genera however, though that still left a few awkward moments where I was left trying permutations of options till I found the one they wanted. Similarly, the sync between my monitor and my sound is not especially good and the game does not have a mechanism for compensating this. As such, the rhythm sections were quite difficult, especially when they hid the visual cues.Characters: 5/5Danganronpa is like most mystery games in that it’s highly focused on the characters, since “whodunnit” and why is crucial. To that end, Danganronpa has interesting, dynamic characters, and gives you lots of opportunities to explore their individual personalities though the main story line as well as the free time segments. All in all, the only character that I didn’t really feel stood out much was the protagonist, which is consistent with visual novel-style games as they’re necessarily a “John Everyman” so that you can relate to them.Beyond that, the characters stay in character. In mystery games it often happens that smart characters miss obvious things, or dumb characters suddenly reveal complex clues that would have required deep knowledge. Danganronpa does a good job of remembering who’s who, and the writers did an excellent job in making sure the right mouthpiece was used for each line of dialog.I’d go deeper into the specifics of the characters (as some are better than others,) but given the mystery nature of the game, you’ll just have to take “Overall, I quite liked them” as my answer and play the game to meet them yourself.Story: 4/5Danganronpa does a great job with it’s story. Each chapter feels complete and does a good job of giving the various characters their chance to shine. Moreover, the metaplot of the game is equally well told, and is introduced just fast enough to keep you interested. It does suffer somewhat from some brute force exposition issues at the end, but these are extremely minor and the rest of the game is exceptionally well paced.The only real gripe I have is that the end left a couple of loose threads in the plot. That said, I know Danganronpa is actually just the very first game in a series, so I have good reason to believe that this is intentional, but given the poor access to Danganronpa games at the moment, this has the chance to be a problem in the long term if they choose not to port the other games.Art: 3/5Danganronpa has a very unique style that suits it’s storytelling very well, and overall the art is solid. However, it is not as stellar as many other elements in the game. The backgrounds were indeed stellar, and really showed off the game’s style, but the character art was a mixed bag. Several of the characters were highly stylized, and looked amazingly good. Others felt like they were done by the interns and some of their poses had fairly blatant anatomy errors or style violations. Overall it’s not bad enough to kill things, but it was enough that when I first saw them, it was somewhat distracting.Sound and Music: 3/5Point and click adventures, especially long ones like Danganronpa (~40 hours for me,) can easily suffer from music overuse, and sadly that is the case here. I enjoy the themes, and the strong use of style dissonance (switching between morose and upbeat, nearly playful styles) does help to offset some of this. However, by the 20th hour, the main themes are starting to get pretty tired as there’s really only 4 or 5 of them. The switch up during the class trials is nice, and does help offset it.The sound effects themselves are pretty much stock, and don’t stand out positively or negatively, which I usually consider as a vote for them since they’re largely used as background.Dialog and Localization: 5/5To start with, I played through the game with the voices in Japanese because I’m a horrible hipster like that. With that said, the localization was astonishingly good. I’ve played a lot of ported RPGs so I’ve come to be used to certain problems with localized text, but Danganronpa was different. To start with, I didn’t see a single spelling error, bad text item, or piece of poorly translated text. That would usually be enough for me to consider it an excellent port. However, the localization team for Danganronpa has clearly gone above and beyond.Normally I have to depend on my study of Japanese culture and editor’s notes to infer what certain symbolism means in role playing games, and this can be especially important in games that depend deeply on cultural context like mystery games. However, the localization team adjusted just about everything that could possibly have required me to have prior knowledge, or embedded the necessary explanation into the text. Despite a few uniquely Japanese situations in the game, I never once felt that I missed something important because of something like misplaced chopsticks, or different fortune telling rituals.Final ThoughtsOverall this is a solid game that will require a substantial investment of time to beat and rewards being thorough in your investigation. I’d recommend giving it a play if you’re into murder mysteries with a mixed up-and-down tone."
76561198020365632,Recommended,413410,25338528,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,dougtulane,"Just phenomenal.Lovable/Hatable characters, some very inventive misleading of expectations, and Danganronpa 2/3 just continue to expand on the events of this game, while making it even better in retrospect.Tawdry and intelligent, outlandish and heartfelt. This really is a series that fearlessly revels in itself.A+, the best visual novel (plus some light gampeplay.) You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,413410,21881485,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Grub,"A game that gives a solid B in all areas of gaming, Danganronpa is a game you need to try out if you haven't forgotten how to read.First things first, this is a game where you read. You need some level, I would assume about 7th grade level, of reading skills. And, as reading goes, some people may get bored because reading is boring. If you think reading is boring, run. Run far away and live back into despair (see what I did there people who have played? Aren't I just magical.).With this game, you will take part in a school life with a radically changing number of classmates. Why is it changing? Because a bear named Monokuma is dangling you and all your classmates lifes and reputations out the 30th floor window. Once murder is committed, it is your job to found out 'whodunnit' and use a very unique way of pushing your point.The main feature here is the trials where you have to find out who killed who. Instead of choosing evidence and saying something is wrong, the game chooses for you by picking relevant evidence and having you shoot the contradiction. With a gun. Sounds simple? It gets more complicated but those are spoilers, but it does get more intense as time goes on.Characters are tight as a simile. Unique characters all around, but I'll let you discover them for yourself. You'll get used to them in no time, as they are your classmates.Music is kickass, just don't buy the soundtrack. It's all sorts of messed up. Although the FLAC is nice.Overall, I give it a solid number out of a larger number."
,Recommended,413410,21680302,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Lawbringrawr,This game is very addictingPros- Great Story- Fun Characters- Funny Jokes- Deep Mystery- Intense debating- Amazing mock trial gameplay- Sense of Horror- Hote grills- Creative World- Isolation Simulator- Can give grills presents- Funny bear guy- Refreshing unorthodox art style- Boys and Grills share a bath houseCons- Killed Off Hote Grills- Looking at the interwebs can spoil the story- Can give fat guys presents- I played this late at night and couldn't sleep- Won't let you enter the grills bathroom- Played this all weekend instead of practicing Mount and Blade NW and probably lost us an NANWL match- I probably am going to fail my calculus test on monday because I played this instead of studying10/10 would get trapped in a killer school where the only way out is to kill your friends and get away with it again
,Recommended,413410,21357131,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Sl33py [Riju],"Spectacularly thrilling game. But as a tip: I'd play it on the hardest difficulty(Mean I believe) because sometimes things were a bit too easy(until the last few hours of the game, might I add.)Overall: 9.5/10PROS:-Great characters, each with different personalities that get to shine.-Great suspense/mysteries.-Creative blend of Visual Novel and RPGCONS:-Glitches, glitches, glitches. If you've visited the discussions or read up about the port, you should know there's a few... quirks. I only experienced it in the last hour of the game, where the text went all wonky and flew all over the place, but I've heard there's more. I just saved, exited, and re-entered, and it was fixed. But still.-Risk vs Reward? As a minor spoiler, characters die in this game. A lot. Sometimes you might get attached to a character and spend more time with them-- Then they're gone. And you've essentially wasted your time, unless you plan on revisiting the game to make sure you unlock everything for each character for the sweet achievements before they beb.Overall, the only cons I found are miniscule at best. They definitely weren't the things that stopped me inbetween my 3 6 hour sessions to complete the game(in roughly 19 hours, which is apparently a fairly fast playthrough despite me not rushing.)Should you buy this game? Hell yeah! And the sequel is coming at some point in the near future to Steam, so you've got that to look forward to! Just make sure... You don't watch the anime. That stuff's awful.ALSO: I'd recommend using a controller. It feels a lot better, especially when aiming during a majority of the game's gameplay segments.(Also Chihiro is best girl. Kappa)"
76561198158309410,Recommended,413410,23995964,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"As for this day, this is my favorite visual novel and I don't praise games like that lightly. It's been recommended to me by so many people, that I was actually afraid to play it, because of possible disappointment, but despite all the hype, Danganronpa managed to surprise me only in positive way.Good things?The whole story is great, including concept itself and payoff. Music is amazing and partial voice acting very well done (I was playing with original voice acting, not English one). Great plot, solid writing, no issues with translation or anything like that. Characters are all well designed, not only in terms of look, but also their personality, past and goals. There is gallery, extra modes, chapter selection - all additional little things, that should be basically part of every visual novel these days.  Solving mysteries (which is the most important part of the game) is pretty fun, since all the cases are unique and interesting. Art... Art is just great. Animations are beyond awesome. So many CGs - almost every important scene has it's own graphic, which doesn't happen that often with these sort of games. It's long, absolutely worth the full price, considering it's value and deserve every recommendation.Anything bad?I have some issues with this game. First of all, it's a game with almost no replayability. I cannot imagine feeling even similar sense of excitement while playing it again, when you know exactly what is going on. This isn't necessary a flaw, there are many great linear games and Danganronpa is one of those, but a lot of people (including me) associate visual novels with important choices that affects the plot and/or the end result. If you are looking for something like this, you may be disappointed.Everything I wrote above also means that if you read any spoilers or even accidentally encountered something that could be consider one, the game may lose a lot of it's uniqueness and charm. It's basically an experience - a great one, for sure, but the less you know and expect, the better it is.The thing that annoyed me in terms of writing was a great deal of recap within the narration. Not only during trials/investigations, where it can be explained, but at almost every step - protagonist just revise over and over again things that basically just happen. This also has a slight impact on lack of replayability - everything gets so obviously stated that playing game again, with this knowledge, just to see what sort of clues you've missed is pretty pointless. Those clues will be specifically mentioned to you at the end.I think the biggest flaw for me is that  sometimes game gets too obvious and, via protagonist, explains everything to you, like you just couldn't draw your own (usually pretty obvious) conclusions by yourself and after someone stating ""Oh, so it's 1+1, huh?"", protagonist gets on: ""1+1... Hm... 1+1... This must mean... 2! Right?!"". There were moments when it was getting really tiresome.Still, with so much amazing content, these flaws are almost non existent. I sincerely recommend this game for every fan of mysteries/visual novels/good stories/anime out there."
,Recommended,413410,31856020,Posted: 20 May,all,Chihiro the Programmer,Your waifu is probably a boybutit's not gay if it's cute
,Recommended,413410,23945045,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Izzy,"Do you like murder? Check.Do you like brain melting puzzles and mystery? Check.Do you like waifus? That's a big check.Do you like years of psychological torment after finishing the game due to the effect it has on you? Check.Then Danganronpa is for you.In all seriousness, great game with interesting plot and characters, deep and involving gameplay and excellently crafted graphical and musical design. I'd reccomend it to fans of Zero Escape or even anime such as Death Note or Mirai Nikki."
,Recommended,413410,21347610,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ｎａｇｉｔｏ,"it's kill or be killedjk.gr8 game, wasn't expecting this much sheer volume of content after watching the (EXTREMELY) watered down anime.oh yeah.. Pretty good characters too"
,Recommended,413410,32825330,Posted: 26 June,all,Killy,Don't buy this game if you're not prepared to see your waifus/ husbandos die in the most horrible way possible.
76561198037317998,Recommended,413410,28966281,Posted: 2 January,all,Fz Dynelight,"I'm going to put this very simply.Today, I played this for thirteen hours straight."
,Recommended,413410,29548173,Posted: 28 January,all,Atarun,"DescriptionDanganronpa is a mix of visual novel, action mini-games, murder solving deduction game with a sprinkle of dating simulation thrown in as a bonus (especially inSchool Mode which is unlocked after the main game). It looks and plays like the child of the Phoenix Wright and Zero Escape Games franchises. It has all the humour, crazy turnarounds, over-the-top ludicrousness and objection gesture of the former and all the claustrophobia, tension and mystery of the latter (note that both the Zero Escape Games and the Danganronpa franchises are developed by Spike Chunsoft).The premise is this: you are Makoto Naegi, an ordinary student randomly selected to enroll in the most prestigious and extraordinary high school, Hope's Peak Academy, where, besides you, are found only ultimate people who are the very best at what they do. As your school year starts, however, you faint and wake up in an unbelievably creepy game whose cruel rules will have you solve murders to save your own life.Gameplay-wise, the game alternates between story phases where you discover more about your situation and can learn to know the other characters better, investigation phases where you collect clues and trials choke-full of mini-games that will tax your deductive mind as well as your reflexes.ProsIntentionally ludicrous writing nonetheless filled with good twistsGood murder mysteries with reasonable explanations and a nice amount of fake leadsOver-the-top manga art style that helps alleviate the gruesomeness of the proceedings (bright pink blood is ridiculous, but some scenes might look more disgusting without)Characters clearly look like huge stereotypes, but getting to know them will reveal some depth to each one of themUI is stylish (a bit reminiscent of Persona)Impressive amount of contentConsNo way to miss a clue or pick the wrong culprit (except inKyoko's framing case, but even then the game throws you a fake epilogue picture and forces you to retry), which ruins the tension a bitLooks like a regular visual novel (with different paths to explore), but is actually kinetic (only one story possible, save for the thing mentioned above), hence zero replay valueGetting all achievements requires A LOT of grindingThe mascot's English voice will grate on the nerves of many (if that's your case, try Japanese voice acting instead)VerdictDanganronpa is very weird. Whether you'll think it's weird in a good or bad way will depend on your taste in many of its components: over-the-top anime characters, murder mysteries, battle royale situations, quirky evil mascots, expected plot twists, unexpected plot twists...While I cannot say that any part of this game felt exceptionally good, it was clearly better for me than the sum of its parts. I enjoyed my time in that weird and cruel world, with those tropey characters, crazy situations and good mysteries.If you've tried and enjoyed Phoenix Wright, Zero Escape or Persona games or if you're way into murder mysteries or anime, you should probably try this game. Otherwise, you might want to check some gameplay videos (at the obvious risk of spoilers) or wait for a sale before diving in.As for me, I will gladly go back to this eerie creepy funky world in Danganronpa 2 (and soon Danganronpa V3)."
,Recommended,413410,30855293,Posted: 31 March,all,Iamdeadlyz,>plays the game>gets attached to a character>character dies>attached again to a character>character dies>repeatdespair/10 would like to see the world burn :)
,Recommended,413410,21365346,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Punch Ghost Dolphin Man,"I bought this on a whim, which is weird because I'm usually stingy about game purchases. I had no idea what I was in for. Holy hell, did I not regret my purchase! Go in unspoiled, get the soundtrack while you can, and get ready for the Ultimate Despair!"
,Recommended,413410,22655348,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Basic,"Waifu is murdered.Turns out he's a guy.Proceed to mourn sweet, innocent husbando.10/10Would question sexuality again."
,Recommended,413410,21388419,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,D.Rabbitz,better than animation 100% lol10/10
,Recommended,413410,21411948,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Royek,"*Whispering to self* The anime didn't happen, the anime didn't happen..."
,Not Recommended,413410,23961161,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,charliewaffles,"I 100% get why people are in love with this franchise, I really do, and this review is not meant for that crowd. I'm just gonna write the review I wish I'd seen on Steam earlier, before I purchased this game.These are the things I wish I'd known beforehand:- This is a game strictly for anime fans, especially if you're into high school themed anime.- It's NOT meant for the vast majority of adventure game lovers out there, like the Monkey Island Series, King's Quest or the latest Telltale games. It's an entirely different beast, the dialogue and plot are VERY Japanese (which is not a bad thing necessarily) and all the characters, especially their looks, are extremely anime inspired.- Every single character is basically a by the numbers, personification of an extreme type of personality, with a few exceptions (You got the angry, loose cannon type character, the extremely cute and popular high school girl, the posh kid that everybody hates, the fat nerd who writes fanfic and so on...). There are some twists and turns here and there but I'd say that, for the most part, the characters are pretty cut and dry and in no way represent realistically anyone that I've ever met in real life, they're all pretty exagerated.- There's little to no actual gameplay, which wasn't all that surprising considering it's a visual novel type game. However, I wasn't expecting the first three hours of the game to be basically one, big cutscene. You gotta be ready to read A LOT, and the game expects you to pay attention to every single bit of dialogue uttered by these characters. It even goes as far as to literally point it out at the beggining of the game.- Now this is probably the most personal out of all my gripes with this game, but if you're not the type of guy or gal who has an easy time feeling sexually attracted to anime characters, this is DEFINITELY not the game for you. Not that there's a lot of sex in the game or anything, but right off the bat, the game throws this cute female character your way and expects you to feel some sort of physical attraction towards her and it just didn't happen for me. More of a personal gripe, but I feel it's worth mentioning anyway.- If you're like me, and you don't have a lot of patience for literally thousands upon thousands of lines of dialogue, and LOTS of reading, I'd say you'd have a pretty miserable time with this game. The dialogue is decent, but like I said before,it's very Japanese, and very anime inspired, so be prepared for a lot of outbursts and stereotypes.Like I said before, this is just a heads up for people who aren't particularly into anime and were perhaps recommended this game, like I was, after showing an interest in the Telltale games or in other western adventure games out there. So if by any chance you agreed with any of the points I made in this review, then I'd say skip this game and spend your money somewhere else. Not a bad game by any means, it's just not for me."
,Recommended,413410,28804173,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kurenaioto紅音,Dont even bother watching the anime. Play the game version. Trust me XD
,Recommended,413410,23928585,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TheRealLeet,If Persona and Ace Attorney had a love child...
,Recommended,413410,24770048,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"I’ve played this game before, but when I heard that Spike Chunsoft was releasing DGR on Steam, I decided to get it as well! This is definitely one of the best VNs ever made, the story is really good, the characters are amazing, and of course, the soundtrack isawesome. I got the mini ost with my purchase, and I simply love it!The gameplay is addicting, especially during class trials; you have to pay a lot of attention because just one wrong word, and your argument will fail. The investigation is nice too, sometimes it might get repetitive, but it’s okay. Trigger Happy Havoc is my favorite title from the franchise and one of my favorite games ever, and I highly recommend everyone to at least try out, even if you’re not a fan of visual novels: give it a chance, this one deserves!10/10."
,Recommended,413410,21607943,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Velgroth★,"What do you get when you merge Corpse Party, and Phoenix Wright? You get Dangan Ronpa, a Horror, Mystery Visual novel set in Hope's Peak academy, where 15 High Schoolers must fight to graduate, each death, each tril, every moment of this game will leave you on the edge of your seat, will you fight and win to graduate, or will you die trying? See you in Hope's Peak Academy. Upupupu."
,Recommended,413410,25587266,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Strafe,"To me, one of the best things a story can be is unpredictable, which is probably why I love this game and its sequel so much. I played through both games without knowing anything about them other than the premise, and it was an unforgettable experience. If you’re a fan of Phoenix Wright, you’ll definitely love these games. They’ve got fun characters, engaging stories, and the gameplay (which is similar to Ace Attorney) is entertaining and, for the most part, makes sense. Please try not to look anything up about this series, as it’s very easy to spoil."
,Recommended,413410,27939464,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Doppelganger4827,"A thrilling story of lies and deceit that you'll enjoy riding along with for a good chunk of time. Get to know your classmates and search for clues, all while the looming presence of despair joyfully reminds you that no one is safe. Being one half an interactive visual novel with 3D elements, and one half shooter with minigames, with it's large story and cast of voice actors, Danganronpa does a great job of showing what can be done with the visual novel platform and how it can be improved beyond it's genre. Upupupupu!"
,Recommended,413410,22265910,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Randon,All my friends are dead
,Recommended,413410,21780904,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cyril,"Danganronpa, it's basically halfway between Phoenix Wright (murder mysteries and trials) and Zero Escape (trapped in a school, some horror elements, lots of death). Though the gameplay is decisively closer to Ace Attorney than Zero Escape, no escape-the-room puzzles here, one single story path, no real branching narrative choices. I'm fine with that though, since the story as-is is quite good, both the murder mysteries themselves (well, most of them) and the overarching story.There's a few characters, however, that are not so good. Won't say which ones I dislike to prevent any spoilers, but it's pretty obvious that they're scrappy characters. Not a huge deal, there's still plenty of good characters here, and there has to be since the drama relies on tension, worrying about who's going to die next and all. And yes, your favorite character probably will die. Tough luck.One thing this game has that neither AA or ZE has is the free-roaming movement in the school, which is a pretty nice way to get the player more immersed. Hope's Peak Academy feels like more of a real place than the ship in 999 or the various locations in Phoenix Wright because you get to see all of it, every last bit. The art style is also pretty nice, the paper-cutout characters and the colorful scenery.Really though, it's hard to say more without ruining the experience; definitely check it out if you're a visual novel fan, especially if you like mystery and intrigue."
,Recommended,413410,21302855,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,冬彦 九頭龍,"Danganronpa is a great blend of genres which goes beyond your average Visual Novel. With an immersive story, memorable characters and great features. The music is great and it's good to see this amazing franchise bear fruit to Steam. This will not only open it up to a larger consumer audience, but it enables more people to have the same good experiences.Hopefully the 2nd game will come out soon as well. There are flickers and some graphical errors that can be fixed easily however but other than that, great job Spike Chunsoft!"
76561197986902042,Recommended,413410,25961444,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Stormo,"The Short of It:While not absolutely flawless, Danganronpa is a truly special experience full of THRILLS, CHILLS and KILLS! The 'visual novel' tag might scare some people off (like me initially) but believe me, the story, writing and characters are too excellent to let 'visual novel' keep you from enjoying it. It grabs you from the small intestine right at the first murder, and doesn't let go!IMPORTANT:if you intend on playing this game,do notgoogle any character names. Even Google's search suggestions can spoil the entire game before you can even finish typing!The Long of It:Fifteen students find themselves trapped in a dark, twisted version of their school, kept prisoner by a bear with a long list of personality disorders. The rules are simple: no one leaves, ever. The only way to get out, is to murder a fellow studentandremain undiscovered. Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is, at its core, a murder mystery game which has the player combine pieces of evidence, contradict statements and sometimes even shout over others to identify the true murderer.Gameplay in Danganronpa consists of two elements. One, the so-called ""Daily Life"", is the phase where you discover the school, interact with your fellow students, and make friends. These friendships will net you skills and abilities that give you a small edge in some aspects of the trials. The second element, ""Deadly Life"", is when you attempt to solve a murder mystery.The stakes are high, if the ""blackened"" (i.e. the murderer) is identified, (s)he alone will be executed. However, if the murderer remains undetected, (s)he will graduate (be allowed to leave), and the other students will all be executed. You will have to gather evidence and then combine that evidence during the Class Trial, eventually reconstructing the entire murder and identifying the true culprit.The Right of It:Danganronpa has one clear strong point: its writing. While the multitude of characters may seem a bit overwhelming at first, they are each memorable, well-constructed and very recognizable. They may look like walking clichés at start, but as the story moves forward, it's clear that they weren't just written with the basic archetypes in mind. The murder cases, as well as the story itself, will keep you on your toes, and even if you're a jaded reader who thinks he knows it all, the game will still throw you curveballs and catch you unaware more than you'll care to admit.Same goes for the characters. Unlike in most murder mysteries where the culprit turns out to be some illogical character, purely for the benefit of catching the player unaware, here the surprises all make sense. As the story progresses, you'll find yourself thinking ""please don't let it be X or Y"" as victims and killers are revealed. And you'll often think you have it all figured out and can see past the red herrings, and you'll still be proven wrong. Even the most genre savvy player will be caught flat-footed several times.The Wrong of It:There's only so much you can do in the way of player independence when it comes to a video game adaptation of a whodunnit. Concretely, you'll simply have need of characters making some deductions for you. While this is necessary, it does happen, diminishing the player's joy of putting things together him- or herself.Also, there's one slight annoyance in the game, and that's Kyoko Kirigiri. While not annoying as a character, far from it, she does have several times where she Ben Matlocks a piece of evidence, suddenly pulling it out of her♥♥♥♥♥during a trial, pushing the proceedings in a different direction without the player having the evidence beforehand, slightly diminishing the fairness of your chances to unravel the mystery yourself.The Last of It:Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is an amazing ride that will have you second-guessing yourself at every turn, even if you think you've got it all figured out, and even if you're aware of the classic storytelling plot twists. It's truly a jewel of a game, and this is coming from someone wholoathesvisual novels!"
,Recommended,413410,21517623,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Battlechili,"You might be surprised to learn that this visual novel is an extremely wild rollercoster ride of twists and turns clocking at around 25 hours in length (maybe a little more, maybe a little less, depending on who you are).Danganronpa is a fantastic little gem of a game, and while I say its a visual novel and its genre is listed as such, its so interactive that the term feels almost disingenuous to what the game is actually like. Its true that you'll spend a significant portion of your time just reading text on the screen while looking at character portraits and listening to music, but the game is so much more. A good meat of the game involves class trials, where, in a sort of Phoenix Wright fashion, you participate in lengthy debates where you find weak points in people's arguments and present evidence you found to support your claims in an attempt to determine who the killer of each case is. This is done through various different logic minigames, some taking more thinking than others, but most of them basically requiring you to aim the appropriate truth bullets (evidence you found in the case) at contradictions that people say when they say them. Its a really interesting approach to how an argument is treated, and it makes the already fun idea of debating and presenting evidence even more fun. It can especially get rather difficult at times, as sometimes discerning the correct contradiction and why is difficult. Plus people's thoughts fly around the screen while they're talking, which sometimes try to distract and/or prevent you from taking aim at a person's contradiction. Its quite interesting.Outside of that, before trials you'll do investigating, finding clues that you'll use as evidence during these trials. And ignoring that, there are also moments of ""free time"" where you just spend time exploring the school and building relationships with other members of the game's colorful cast of characters.Did I mention the characters are great? Because they are. Undoubtedly, you'll probably have a favorite character or two die, and maybe have a character or two that you loath, but surprisingly even characters you might not like you might like later on as the game progresses, because the characters DO grow and change over time, something I find very appreciatable. Its somewhat sad that this is a game about killing though; a lot of character development in a way goes to waste so to speak, as you'll just end up seeing such a character die. Still, this also means you'll care all the more when it happens, which I think strengthens this game. Which is good, because when you have a game that's as story oriented as this one, its important to have a strong cast of characters to follow and keep the story moving forward, all while throwing a few surprises in its midst, and that the game does.The fact of the matter is is that this game has a really strong story, and its all well planned out and uses details all throughout the game even from the very start with regards the direction the story goes in. I might recommend that players pay attention to EVERYTHING that happens in the game, because it might come up later, even if you don't think it will. In that sense, the game is very well written, something that Spike Chunsoft has always been good about doing.Disregarding all that, I think its also worth noting that the art style is both unique and appealing and the soundtrack is pretty pimpin', full of fun drumbeats and synths and even the light incorporation of vocals in some tracks as instruments of their owns (not for singing). Its fun to listen to, and helps set the mood.All in all, this is a great title and you really should try it out if you want."
,Recommended,413410,23935860,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Blazegod4444,"1. Don't watch the anime before getting this. The anime is literally the entire storyline of the game and is practically the biggest spoiler setup. I had though, and yet the game is still super fun. By having known every peice of evidence it still took me 18h to complete the game. Very rich story and honestly really nice gameplay. 10/10 recommend it"
76561198024055942,Recommended,413410,23102167,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,follon,"I have a weird urge to leave this game a positive ""review""(rating rather), even though I never do this.This may be the best non-competitive (story-based) game on steam. Definitely worth giving a try.Not going to explain anything about it, since I only want it to have more positive ratings.10/10 thoughDon't watch an anime adaptation, it is actually meh.upd cuz I need that steam achievement, ayyy"
,Recommended,413410,25247972,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Dikami,"A good review?Naegi, tell them!"
,Recommended,413410,34242579,Posted: 14 August,all,Nayuta,"I really like the way this game connects perfectly to the second one, in every single detail.So I recommend not only this game but the franchise.The game is about some students who are forced to kill each other in order to survive/get free, and your role in this history is to unravel the motives and culprits behind every murder. Featuring anime characters, betrayal, lots of plot twits and some waifus <3Enjoy :)"
,Recommended,413410,21740433,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Nano,Fell in love with cute girlCute girl turns out to be cute boyI continue to love said cute boyCute boy is murderedFind AI that resembles cute boyFalls for AIAI is murdered0/10
,Recommended,413410,21763797,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jötunn,One of my favourite visual novels. Extremely happy it made it's way to steam.Recommended for anyone that enjoys murder mystery/visual novel style games. Although it might be a little weird for those who aren't fans of anime or similar.
,Recommended,413410,33958646,Posted: 1 August,all,Собачий человек,"I am dying of old age. I have lived a full life. I am laying on my bed surrounded by my children and my children's children. A photo of my late brother lay next to me. I have spent many years thinking about what I will say when I pass. I want nothing more than to comfort those who were a comfort to me in my greatest years. In my final words, I tell them what I have known all my life. Knowledge I had acquired through experience. I tell them simply""Chihiro deserved better."""
,Recommended,413410,21301492,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Tsundere Supp,"It's a game that draws you into its world of crazy characters and pepto bismol blood and then makes you sad every time a character you dislike dies.Dangan Ronpa is a Visual Novel game with more gameplay than you'd normally see from a visual novel. Each chapter is composed of 3 parts. You have your 'Normal School Days' your 'Abnormal School Days' and your 'Class Trials'. The first part is always more of a storytelling part. You walk around the school and watch/participate in predetermined events and sometimes you get free time to ""hangout"" with whichever character you want where you'll learn more about them and maybe unlock a cool ability. If you've read the actual game description it won't surprise you that at some point one of the students ends up dead. That is what triggers 'Abnormal School Days'. This part is mostly an investigation and also where the more gameplay elements start to peek its head out. Now you need to search around the school (specifically places pertaining to the incident) and find all of the evidence you can as well as a few testimonies. You can't really fail this part as the third part of the game won't trigger until you have all the evidence, but running around finding the pieces to the crime and trying to solve it as you go is always pretty cool. Then once you have all the pieces it is the 'Class Trial' part triggers where you get to set abilities (which are things you might have gathered through your free time events with other characters) and then you play a few different minigames to try and solve the case. You'll shoot people's wrong claims with bullets and then solve a few other word puzzles. Eventually you'll find the killer (or get a game over and have to try the class trial again) and that's the best part of the game. Their execution. The moment that you watch something super crazy pertaining to their character's title, come up and kill them...and then you feel bad because if you're like me your favorite character always dies first.You do have to go back and do free time events after passing the game to 100% it because obviously the killed person and the killer in chapter one aren't going to be around long enough to finish both of their paths and you probably won't finish any character's story unless you happen to start with one of the ones who die closer to end game or survive until the end. But it's easy enough to get their free time events without replaying the whole game.I'd definitely recommend this game to anybody who likes mystery, story based, visual novel, or darker games. Anybody who knows me will know I've been recommending this game since the fan translation came out and I even chose to get a PS Vita over a 3DS just for these games.As a bit of history about this game, it was originally released in Japan in 2010. A few years later some guy played it and thought it was ""the best thing since sliced bread"" or at least thought it was good enough that he was willing to translate the whole game for us as if it was a movie script. He put the screenshot of their face to the left, what they said to the right. Translated the whole game for the western audience. Dangan Ronpa got a pretty big cult following and soon after got an anime (don't watch it follows the story plotline but very bare boned and 100% spoilers) and then an English translation.Which it deserved. And the Steam port, which it really deserved (because seriously most people weren't going to buy a PS Vita just for Dangan Ronpa).This game is the reason I really enjoy visual novels, a very interesting story, with some pretty fun blood and gore, it was easy to get attached to the characters even though they were all based on some over the top stereotypes. The gameplay was fun, the story was what really held me in.Pros:-the cast is very lively-the executions after the class trials are a lot of fun-the blood looks like pepto bismol-the class trials are fun to play out-the art style is interesting compared to most of the other games we get from Japan-there will be trading cards and achievementsCons:-you need to replay stuff to get all of the free time events-there is only one path the game takes so for most people there isn't a lot of replayability-your favorite character is going to die-Monokuma's voice in English is pretty weird (one of the few characters I only like their VO in Japanese)"
,Recommended,413410,31251124,Posted: 20 April,all,MaTrix PouYa,If you've never tried any VN before it's the best time to give it a shot. Altough it was my first VN game it brought me one of my best and unique experience . Here are some reasons why you should buy this game :- Amazing and mysterious puzzles that represent great story line. No one can guess what's gonna happen next !- Great characters with unique characteristics- Great music and voice acting- Long gameplay- MONOKUMA !  \o/- Cons :- Nothing !10/10 Totally worth it.
76561198072292702,Recommended,413410,28239325,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,dm08plyr,"Wow. This was probably the most addictive game I've ever played. I would have played for 30+ hours straight if I didnt' have work and graduate school. As it was, I stayed up late, neglected homework, and ignored my boyfriend for about a week.I was worried that the storyline was going to be a bit cheesy and hard to swallow, and it was to an extent. However, I liked the characters so much that I overlooked most flaws and became invested int he story. The mysteries were so much fun to figure out-- even if the first couple were just a bit too easy. The storyline is linear, and it would have been very cool if there were multiple endings, or character choices that could influence the outcome. However, I am totally happy with the game and highly recommend it if you like murder mysteries!"
76561197971532050,Recommended,413410,30895437,Posted: 2 April,all,Conditional Love,"Danganronpa is a cartoonish and depraved Visual Novel and it is genuinely insane. But it is that fun kind of insane which only the Japanese can do well.  The story begins with 14 Ultimate Stereotype students - and you, the average nobody, in a school turned into a murder-mystery complex of wackiness. Each chapter features a student murdered which them the rest of the class conduct an Ace-Attorney like investigation-trial to figure out who the murderer is - or they are all executed instead of the murderer.The gameplay is basically: read story, walk to the next room, investigate a crime scene, get stuck in a room until you have clicked on the last important but hidden in plain sight object, walk around some more - repeat each step as necessary. Then you have the trials. The trials are a pain to decipher, to be honest. Sure the trials are the highlight of each chapter, with everyone getting together to figure out what happened and the misinformation like Agatha Christie's ""Murder on the Orient Express"", but the way the actual gameplay works is the annoying part. You have to figure out exactly what button combination to press and which exact statements to counter. Surprisingly, it's not much fun to figure which combinations work and fail. I suppose that's my problem, whenever I failed I had to go through the whole round all over again. Failing is seriously annoying.The game itself is a no-effort port from a handheld console: the art is amazing, the 3D graphics are horrible, the music is repetitive but OK.Depending on how much you can love a crazy high-pitched robot bear is how much you will like Dangonpa. I thought Dangonpa was silly and slightly amusing but also annoying which = OK. At least it is a worthwhile purchase when it is on sale."
,Recommended,413410,21307315,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,LiK,"Tested out this port and it plays fine. This is my review from the Vita version.So do you like the Zero Escape series? How about the Persona series? Or how about the Ace Attorney series? Ever wondered what would happen if someone combined them together? It would be DanganRonpa, yo!The story was simply incredible. It was full of twists and unexpected moments. You play as one character who is trapped in some weird school and must work with a cast of characters to escape. I won't get into details but there are also trials where you must win to survive. The main plot was simply riveting from beginning to end. What really grabbed me was how much risk it took with its characters and setting. You just never seem to know what will happen next. The game plays around with your expectations all the time. Even when I figured out who the suspect was or how someone was murdered, the game would throw in multiple curve balls to screw with you. It was a lot of fun and kept me entertained. I never got bored with any part of the game. I was sucked into its crazy world. Some of the things that happened was incredibly morbid and disturbing. It definitely made me felt uneasy at times. There is a lot of dark humor that some people will enjoy. When the game wanted to be funny, it was funny. When it wanted to creep you out, it was pretty darn creepy. So good.The characters were incredibly diverse and fun. They took your typical archetypes and totally messed around with them. I was continually surprised at how well developed and written they were. Most of them weren't what you'd expect from how they looked. Although, there was one stereotypical geek/otaku/nerd fat guy who encompassed all the negative sides of that trope. At least he wasn't dumb, sorta. But anyways, I really liked most of the cast. Most of them were very smart and very clever. In fact, some of them are even smarter than your character which was refreshing. I need to point out that it was very bold of NIS America for them to keep the original Japanese names. They could have gone the other way and made up English names but they didn't. I liked that.The dialogue between the characters were very well written. I have to give NIS America HUGE props for the localization. I was super duper impressed! The dialogue was extremely natural and flowed really well. It felt like how people would speak in real life if they were put in these situations. Even the jokes were super well written. The lewd jokes in particular were funny as hell. I'm not sure who was in charge of them but they were biting and insanely well timed. Hell, even the cursing felt right for whoever was saying it in their situations. I laughed out loud quite often. I also liked the multiple references to other games and other forms of pop culture. Some are quite subtle while others blatantly mention specific product brands and/or names of real world people. It's a bit jarring when that happens but they don't date the game or make it feel awkward. If it weren't for the strong translation, I don't think I would've liked the game as much as I did. So once again, kudos to NISA for a job well done.The visuals are absolutely stunning all around. Both the 2D and 3D art are super colorful and sharp. The 2D character art in particular is gorgeous. The character designs themselves are very attractive and well defined. There are several art styles that pop up but they're all beautifully illustrated. The character sprites don't have actual animations like with the Ace Attorney series but they are well drawn and very expressive. The event art (the painted scenes) is stunning and the occasional pixel art is cute as hell. The 3D parts of the school are also beautiful and very detailed. The FMV scenes are a mix of 2D/3D and really interesting. I really love the look of this game.I also want to point out the gore in this game. The blood has been colored pink for some reason. I assume they were done to stylize the murder scenes or make it less gorey for anyone squeamish about blood in general. Personally, I think it took away some of the horror of the crime scenes. I wish there was a toggle for it. Just a minor gripe.The audio was equally outstanding as the art. I loved all the music in this game. The trials in particular had several tracks which pumped me up. Great soundtrack all around. I also need to point out the English dub. IT WAS AWESOME. Yea, I'm not even exaggerating, it's just that good. The voices felt shaky at first when I started the game but they only got better and better as the game progressed. I didn't really fall in love until the first trial where it was fully voiced and you could really admire their performances. Everyone matched their roles and they did a great job making all these characters come to life. They read their lines with gusto. If it weren't for them, I wouldn't have liked the characters as much as I did. I became a fan of several voice actors simply because of this game. There was one character that totally floored me with their performance in particular. I won't spoil who though. *grin* Once again, great job NIS America.Overall, DanganRonpa exceeded my expectations even with all the hype from its fans. I loved every minute of it and was compelled to keep playing all the way to the end. Great writing, great story, great characters and great VO with fantastic art and music. It's a complete package and anyone who's into games like the Zero Escape and Ace Attorney series MUST play this. LOVED IT"
,Recommended,413410,24201141,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cocoabine,"8/10 - I don't normally go for or recommend visual novels, but this would certainly be an exception. It's like Pheonix Wright meets Persona 4 meets.. Saw?! *shrugs* Anyway the premise, 15 students are trapped in the school and the only way to leave is to kill someone and get away with it. Fail and the murderer dies, succeed and everyone else dies instead. The game is packed with interesting twists and turns and the characters are a veritable roster of fasinating freaks. The game is about 40 hours playtime for avid completionists.So buy it.."
76561198028795504,Recommended,413410,30488315,Posted: 13 March,all,Puzych,"When you present multiple undeniable evidences, identify the culprit and construct chronological order of events, but in the end exposed culprit calls you STUPID, dumbass, no way!, No-uh, F*CK YOU and everyone vote against you. 9 out of 10 whataverthe♥♥♥♥thatwas!"
,Recommended,413410,22647977,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Octobig,"This game was one wild ride! It combines solving murder mysteries with high school shenanigans and horror, accompanied by an awesome soundtrack, dark humour, and an insane teddy bear.InDanganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, you are Makoto Naegi, an unremarkable, completely ordinary high school student. By a stroke of pure luck, you get selected to attend Hope's Peak Academy: a high school where only the best of the best students with extraordinary skills attend, representing our hope for the future. But as soon as you arrive, you and your fellow classmates get caught up in straight-up murder, violence... and despair. It's up to you to find out what the truth is behind Hope's Peak Academy, but who amongst your classmates can you actually trust?The Good+ The huge cast of well-developed characters, all with their own backstory+ The overall sense of dread & creepy atmosphere+ Monokuma+ The thrilling, action-packed class trials!+ Lots of twists & turns that are good at creating wrong expectations+ Solid voice acting (both Japanese & English)The Bad- Some of the controls are pretty clunky if you play with a mouse- The mini games during class trials can be VERY frustrating- Some things are left vague in the ending, which can be disappointing- The pacing is a little off here & there, with things unnecessarily dragging onIt's a combination of an adventure game and a visual novel, allowing you to freely explore all the nooks and crannies of Hope's Peak Academy, to interact with the stuff around you, and to try & get to know your classmates better. With a character cast as big as this one, you're bound to find a favourite character or two -- though there's no guarentee that they'll make it through...As a long-time visual novel andAce Attorneyfan, I absolutely adored this game and its varied cast of characters. It was a lot darker than I expected, but managed to play up the silliness & humour enough to create a balance. The trials are fantastic and keep you on the edge of your seat. Every murder and mystery you solve gets you a little bit closer to the real truth...Great, exciting game overall & I'm very much looking forward to playing the second one!"
,Recommended,413410,34464945,Posted: 24 August,all,ShadeNyite,"Absolutely loved this game. Loved every moment of it.Even after finishing the game once, there is lots to do as far as achievements and extras go. I can see myself going back and playing this multiple times, which I rarely do. This game is definitely worth the price. There is a 'mini' game that unlocks after you finished the main game, which is very fun and kinda feels like a whole other game. Having it as an addition to the main game is super cool.The story is amazing, though sometimes the protag can get annoying and repetitive, but in this situation I can understand. The characters, although 'cliche', are amazing and great. Each death is a sad one...for the most part. I swear Monokuma is my spirit animal. Probably the best antagonist I've ever seen. The art is amazing and super fun to look at. Music is great. Honestly not alot bad about this game...Monokuma's english voice is horrid....at first but you'll get used to it.10/10 would get trapped in a school again.p.s. this game makes me feel smart."
,Recommended,413410,21482437,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Subhuman Filth,I was told that there would be murder mysteries and bear puns.I was not disappointed.
,Recommended,413410,21397999,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Akka,"Dangan Ronpa costs 24 bucks and lasts 26 hours. Strengths are a twisting, clever narrative featuring a diverse cast, mutliple murders enshrouded in mystery, intense courtroom drama, and a fascinating setting.Firewatch costs 20 bucks and lasts 4 hours. Strengths are looking at trees, talking to one person you never see, and one anticlimactic dead kid.I will never forgive Firewatch for being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.Refund that kusoge and buy Dangan Ronpa."
,Recommended,413410,27754274,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spooky Kyle,"One of my favorite games in my library. This port is amazing. The story is great, the characters are great, the art is great. This game is a must buy."
76561197993914688,Recommended,413410,21512827,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Gugeifer,"Felt despair only once - when the game ended.Great ride, interesting cliche characters, lovely music, fantastic bizarre feel of everything and excellent port.If you ever played Phoenix Wright games or heard about them and wanted to try - this would be an interesting and fresh experience for you.10/10 can't wait for sequel"
,Recommended,413410,21511037,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Andrew 林,"First, I would like to state that you may only save your progress anytime you want after you get your student handbook in-game (which is sometime after the Prologue).Anyway if you have played and enjoyed the Phoenix Wright series, get this game. Even if you haven't played Phoenix Wright, but you like crime/mystery/detective themes, get this game.I got hooked after the first murder case."
,Recommended,413410,34561980,Posted: 28 August,all,Iekie-Chan :3,"I completely love this game! The storyline is brilliant.But er, I should warn you:Do not get attached to the characters.I repeat.DO NOT GET ATTACHED TO THE CHARACTERS!!T-T"
76561198067850081,Recommended,413410,25499274,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,AppleJacksson,This is a masterpiece...
76561198100887629,Recommended,413410,21953999,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,créмepιe❤ raffletrades.com,Kirigiri with ramen on her head 10\10 would play again
,Recommended,413410,29626090,Posted: 1 February,all,silentthievess,I finished this 33-hour game in three days.Best game I have ever played in my life.EDIT: The sequel is just as amazing.
76561198079519492,Recommended,413410,24607747,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,:thinking:,The goal of the game is to not like anyone so you don't have an emotional breakdown when they die.10/10
76561198076552542,Recommended,413410,29426896,Posted: 22 January,all,~Nutkun7993~,"What is Danganronpa? *Spoiler Free*Danganronpa is a Murder Mystery Series developed by Spike Chunsoft, it used to be just an adventure game with little visual novel aspect, but now it has expanded into more than just a adventure game, it now has anime adaptation, original standalone anime, light novel and even action game. However the real masterpiece is a game, forget about anime adaptation, don't judge this game by other japanese game/anime full of fanservice with little story and gameplay, don't judge it by some new modern japanese contents you within like anime/manga/games because Danganronpa is not something like them. If you watch anime adaptation, then you saw a ripped version of it, and you missed every other aspect things that make Danganronpa masterpiece in the first place. What I'm trying to say is, Danganronpa is not just adventure with visual novel features full of texts, it has actual gameplay Involving rebut a debate directly with a choice of wordsLet me warn you. You must start on Danganronpa by not google any of it and just buy it to find out yourself or read spoiler free description/review to help you consider. Every moment in danganronpa are spoilers, the moment people talk about characters, there're always spoiler in there, when they talk about story, it's 100% spoiler, you must finish Danganronpa without any internet explore or it will ruins you completely especially in steam community hub.Danganronpa 1 is the very first Danganronpa ever existed since 2009. It originally a portable PlayStation now it got remastered and returned as a Danganronpa 1+2 reload for PSVita, PS4 and PC. This steam version is a newest version of Danganronpa 1. Just like every Danganronpa, it's a visual novel about Mystery Murder. A Students with extraordinary talents titled with ""Ultimate"" are forced to murder each other, they must not let anyone find out that they did it so they can win a ""Killing game"" and escape Hope's Peak academy, a school turned prison that started it all.You play as one of extraordinary student titled with ""Ultimate Lucky"", your job is to live a normal life, talk to a friend, build up relationship and trust with everyone else. Live as much as daily normal life as possible. Then, you realize you're forced to escape deadly life situation when someone decided to start a killing game. Your job is to reveal who did murder your beloved friend, you’ll have to investigate an incident, search for clues, and talk to your classmates to try and get to the bottom of it. A mastermind, who promised freedom whoever success in murdering friend and not getting caught, will hold an event called ""Class Trial"", it's a trial that hold all students all together so they can debate at each other to figure out what's going on in each murder incident and find out who did it, if they fail to find a murderer, all of them but murderer will be executed and survivor of a game get a promised freedom, but if they success in finding out who did it, then only murderer alone get executed and everyone else lives for another day, and a killing game continues.When a Class Trial starts, the game will put you into a main aspect of it. It's a series of questions and problems you have to solve, every clues you found matter. Your job is to find contradiction in the line of texts, and shoot it down with your Truth Bullet (a clue), if your clue and what they say are connected, it will break a mystery and thus another step close to the true, there's several other gameplay aspect in class trial that involving a usage of clues to solve mystery one after another until you can actually find out who murdered your friend, until they admitted it themselves. You have to put your brain into use, try to guess or figure it out as a class trial process with time limit, you have to put everyone thought/hint into consider, put it together to find an answer, find all contradiction and shoot them down, solve the mystery of murder and this whole madness school itself.The stories behinds these are all twisted and insane, the murder incidents are all executed in flawless and very interestings, all of them also have reasonable motivation, there's an astounding level of depth, it's not some standard killing game plot you can find elsewhere, Danganronpa puts it in another level. The story also has sense of humor, funny scene that actually brings you some lighthead laughing despite all the tension and claustrophobia. Characters are all well characterized, all of them have unique settings that lead to many different individual personality and all of them are remarkable, even male characters. The game has such a perfect way to keep people engaged in which not many VN can do that, it's not just a bunch of wall texts for sake of texts, it's a bunch of wall texts that keep people curious and interesting to find out even more and more, it's pretty hard to find a suitable moment to stop playing a game.All in All everything about this game and the franchise itself are just perfect, it shows that the game with great stories and with a perfect way to narrate them truly looks like. Hating japanese anime style or not, you're missing out one of masterpiece of the world by not getting to know this series."
,Recommended,413410,28895496,Posted: 1 January,all,KHFan20,"Wow. This game falls nothing short of ""utterly fantastic.""You play as Makoto Naegi, a boy who gets trapped in a school with fourteen other students, and they're forced to live their entire lives there forever. The catch is that any of them can leave anytime they want... if they murder another student without getting caught. There are multiple rules and twists over the course of the game, but that's the main premise overall. Just know that the story has EXCELLENT pacing.When an inevitable murder happens, the gameplay has you investigating crime scenes, questioning students, and searching for clues for the class trial, which is where the meat of the game lies. There's three different minigames that take place during a trial, all of which are fun in their own way and make perfect sense storywise.Whenever you're not trying to solve a murder, you're building friendships with the students, which unlocks skills for the trials (and learning the backstory of the characters in the progress).ABSOLUTELY worth the hype, and EXTREMELY recommended. A must-own."
,Recommended,413410,21405098,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ecchigoya,"I already played this on the psp 3 years ago and GodD^&#!!! it's one of my favorite visual novels ever played and would love to play it again here on steam.I bought this game to support Spike Chunsoft Co., Ltd for more hopes that they'll release the 2nd one here at steam.Totally recommending you guys to buy this game you won't regret.PS: The Bonus Soundtrack is so freakin worth it!!!"
,Recommended,413410,21501286,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kyoko ♛,"Here's my spoiler-free review for Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc.The game is pretty damn great and you can probably tell by my name that I enjoyed it so much. I will go into detail without spoiling anything so don't be scared to read this review.In Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, you play as Makoto Naegi who has won a chance to become a student at the nation's school for the very best students in the country. In this school you'll find other students that excel in different things such as being a national idol or being the ultimate biker gang leader. With your fellow students you will have to uncover murders and go to a class trial where you all together have to come up with a decision to who you think is the killer.The class trials are sort of like Phoenix Wright in a way? Just more dramatic.When you're not uncovering mysteries, you're hanging out with your fellow class mates. You can choose who to hang out with and uncover their story about them more and more. Maybe find yourself a waifu or husbando. You do get to walk around the school like...If you've played it, Hotel Dusk. Hanging out with certain characters can get you skills related to them that you can use in class trials.Pros:1. Interesting characters.2. Good humor.3. Very good balance between reading and interactivity.4. A fun 'what-if' mode to play after you beat the game. Go after your waifu!5. Kyoko6. The music is great. I believe you get a soundtrack with remixes if you buy the game right now.-------------------------------------------------------------Cons:1. There are a few typos in the game. Only a few and they may have been fixed now.2. Hanging out with students in the main game, doesn't exactly change anything in the story. I'm fine with this but I noticed some people were expecting something to change from hanging out with their waifu.3. There was a graphical error that I think has been fixed now?4. While I loved the game, it is a bit pricy for what it is...--------------------------------------------------------------I commend you if you read through my wall of text of a review. I hope you found it interesting and if you're curious about anything then be sure to simply ask."
76561197975677086,Recommended,413410,34198187,Posted: 12 August,all,Xinffert,"I had this on my wishlist forever because I never tried a ""visual novel"" and the story sounded appealing. I did not expect much gameplay wise, but that part turned out ok. Actually more than that as it made the game far more than a read-through.Why I highly recommend the game: The story with its twists is extremely well written. Going into detail would lead to spoilers so I'll just stick with that. The story is awesome and I immediately got the sequel after finishing this one."
,Recommended,413410,34636445,Posted: 31 August,all,PhyreMatrix,"I cringe a little bit calling Danganronpa a visual novel. Partly because VNs have a sort of stigma to them and also because this game is so much more. There's a lot of interaction that goes on in Dangaronpa with both people and your environment. At it's core this is a murder/mystery adventure... with visual novel elements. You play a young teenage boy, like most games who happens to be put in a precarious murder game situation. The theme is certainly not something you see everyday and the mystery surrounding the school and other students is a compelling story which takes some time to unfold.The game plays out in roughly 3 phases. The first being the social element, where we build friendships with other students, buy them presents and get to know all their personal secrets. I know what you're thinking, sounds pretty VN-like to me but I assure you that you only do this in order to gain special abilities in the class trial portion of the game. So if you want to be an anti-social loner you can do that too.The second phase is the investigation portion. This is where you talk to other students and gather evidence to solve cases. This usually happens after a murder. Then things get serious, actually things are always serious. It's just when you throw in the idea of getting to know your classmates and buying them gifts you kind of forget that you're locked in school with a murderous talking bear with no hope of escaping.If that hasn't sold you on this game just yet then maybe the third phase will. This is the class trial phase, which is perhaps the most dynamic portion of the game where you decide among your peers who's a filthy murderer. This section is presented in a series of time sensitive minigames forcing you to deduce whodunit. Generally it starts out fairly easy but to perform well you actually have to pay attention while gathering clues. I will give this game props in that it doesn't always go for the clique answer and there were a number of times I was genuinely surprised at the outcome.On that note though this game is terribly linear but because it's such a well thought out game you won't even care because you're into the mystery of your situation and the school. Also that really creepy two face bear. The only way this game could have been better is if there was an option for you to be a killer. However the game works so that the idea of losing is an all or nothing gambit. Still I had fun. And after the ending there's a little side management game. Overall I enjoyed this game so much that I bought the second one without finishing the first. Solid story, mechanics and characters make this a game you'll be satisfied playing to scratch at that murder mystery adventure itch."
,Recommended,413410,21607877,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,-Aria-,9.8/10 they killed waifu
76561198062301493,Recommended,413410,29581998,Posted: 30 January,all,76561198062301493,"At first I was hesitant because of the ""visual novel"" label and the anime characters that looked very over the top. I have watched some anime, like the bigger movies such as Ghost in the Shell, but the too zany TV series with high schoolers and their wacky hijinks are not my thing. Luckily after playing for a short time, I found that while the game has visual novel-like elements, the overall gameplay appealed to me just fine. The game can for me be best described as a detective adventure-lite, meaning that the adventure elements are not very hard to get through and it focuses more on having you experience the story and characters. It is not a game you really get stuck in.Now about the characters. While the characters are certainly very anime-esque, I found that really liked how they were written into the story and had fun interacting with them. It seems that dealing with them in video game setting made all the difference for me. If this story was told via an animated series -- which apparently does exist -- I certainly would not have had any interest in them.  won't really go into the story and the various cases, but I'll just say that I had a blast all the way through. There are some really great moments to experience and the story is lengthy enough to not make you feel that the game should be cheaper."
,Recommended,413410,24891123,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Mini Runner,"A wild ride!No, seriously.  This is 100% good, old-fashioned shonen mystery-solving and drama in VN form, but avoids the usual VN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t by actually including game mechanics.  And they're GOOD game mechanics, meant to confound the truth of the mysteries and actually physically and mentally wear you down so that your mind is clouded.If you like mysteries ,this game is worth it.  If you like mind♥♥♥♥s, this game is worth it.  If you like trainwrecks, this game is worth it.  If you like personal drama, this game is worth it.Honestly, I feel like most people should give this game a try.  It's got plenty of difficulty settings, so those who want a challenge can recieve a fair challenge, but those who want their hands held don't get gated out by content."
,Recommended,413410,24173318,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Van,"Random, unsorted thoughts on the game:Danganronpa is like Ace Attorney on drugs, LSD to be specific. It takes the general, for lack of a better term, havoc of the courtroom sessions from that and ramps it up to incredible portions while adding some new things in. The game itself is much more brutal than any AA game with its crime scenes, with you actually observing bodies instead of just recieving an autopsy report and the scenes themselves being pretty gruesome at times. The game is styled off of carnival shooting games, hence the subtitle, ""Trigger Happy Havoc"". Personally, the way the gme was presented initially gave me a headache, but I grew to enjoy it; especially within the cutscenes.The game has three sections: Daily Life, Deadly Life, and Class Trial. In Daily Life, you have around four ""sessions"" between cases to spend with others and learn more about then while gathering skills to use in trial such as increased time per testimony or more on your ""Focus"" gauge. In Deadly Life, you go about the school investigating the current murder; if you get lost, pull up the map, there will be an exclamation point wherever something important is. And finally, the Class Trial is the main reason you're gonna want to get this game, as it's where the majority of action takes place.The Class Trial plays out like a regular Ace Attorney trial session if the judge had gone insane. You are timed on presenting evidence, you can only object to certain statements, you can't press statements, and you seem to have been hit over the heads as words are spinning everywhere. However, you are given the ability to use previous statements in testimonies against later statements and your health is replenished whenever you correctly answer a multiple choice question.Though, this is best classified as a Visual Novel, so a basic explanation of the plot is mandatory. Basically, you and fourteen other students of various likability get trapped inside of a school with no way out but a strange bear name Manakuma's ""Graduation Clause"": If you can kill someone and not be found out during the Class Trial, you're free to leave and everyone else dies a painful death. So now, it's up to you, the ultimately average boy named ""Matoko Naegi"" to uncover the truth behind the murders that take place and find a way out of the school because everyone else is an idiot who couldn't find their way out of a shoebox.Except Kyoko and Byakuya, but they're not main characters so it's up to you.The soundtrack is phenomenal, ""Danganronpa"", ""Box 15"", ""Box 16"", and ""Discussion - Heat Up"" being my personal favorites.I'd recommend getting the game, though when it's on sale may be the best time for it.And now a list of messages I sent my friend while playing through this:""I have just realized a pop star is this game's Maya.""""There people mistook obvious letters for numbers and I'm supposed to believe one of them orchestrated a murder.""""What is up with games and gay bathouses?""""AHAHAHAHA. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME, ♥♥♥♥ EVERYTHING. AHAHAHA.""""Whoa, an actual plot twist, that doesn't belong in this game.""""What is this game.""""WHAT IS THIS GAME.""""SAVE ME.""""Aaaaannndddd the ""WHAT IS THIS GAME"" award of 2013 goes to: Danganronpa!""And if you're still reading this, pick ""Pursue Lie"". Enjoy the fact that that path exists."
,Recommended,413410,23326822,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Tim The Fiend,"The best Ace Attorney game for the PC.Colourful and interesting characters.Interesting overarching story where you\'re introduced to everyone within the first \'mission\',Really fun trial mechanics."
,Recommended,413410,26737914,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ikävä,"I never thought I could put more than 40 hours into a visual novel, and I don't think I could do it for other one either(exept other Danganronpa games perhaps)... It's just an absolutly brilliant game."
76561198055631052,Recommended,413410,34955235,Posted: 14 September,all,Rafalo15,"To prepare for the Western release of Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony, I have spent the last week (82 hours!) playing both Dangaronpa 1 and 2 back to back, there is also the spin-off Ultra Despair Girls, which I aim to get round to at some point. A friend insisted that I play the games, so when I saw the bundle on the Steam summer sale, I figured why not?Now, I am quite fond of visual novels but I did not expect the games to be so long. But is it oh so worth it, the Danganronpa games are among some of the best visual novels that I have ever played. Danganronpa is not your usual fare of just talking to people and making different choices/using different items to affect and potentially change the branching storyline(s).There is no branching storyline in these games, it is always the same result: the same people are murdered, the same people are the murderers and the executions are the same. Considering the length of these games though, thats a good thing.Somewhat akin to the Persona games, you can hang out with your friends and bond with them, learning more of their backstory and gaining abilities from them, sadly there is no proper romance option, even if characters flirt with you. Its easy enough to bond with them, wait until you have free time, then track them down, occasionally answer a question from them and then give an item they like. Don't go expecting to max everyone's bonds in one run though, its impossible and thats what the post-game School mode is for.Each classmate has their own unique personality and backstory that is fleshed out more with each conversation. Some are sad, some mysterious, and some are humorous, these changing how you view them. Sakura for example initially comes off as intimidating due to her size and how ripped she is, but as you get to know her she turns out to be a gentle soul who only wants the best for everyone.The premise of Danganronpa is as follows: you play Makoto Naegi, a simple and average student who was chosen at random in a lottery for a place at Hope's Peak Academy, a school for the elite of the elite. Home to students who are the ""ultimates"" in their particular field, Makoto is known as the Ultimate Lucky Student and is thus looked on down initially by his fellow students.Makoto meets up with the 14 other students that round out the cast, such as the Ultimate Martial Artist, Sakura Ogami, Leon Kowata, the Ultimate Baseball Star, and Chihiro Fujisaki, the Ultimate Programmer. However, shortly after meeting them, everything goes to hell, the school is sealed in, you are told to go to the gym and there.... you meet Monokuma, the villain of the game. Did I mention that he happens to be a robot bear?From here, the core of the game is set out. Monokuma sets up a motive to get the students killing each other, which they then have to investigate and deduce the correct killer through debate and clues, but if they get it wrong then he executes all of them instead. But Monokuma doesn't want a straight up bloodbath where just one person murders a bunch of people, he has rules in place to make things more interesting, at least for him. The killer (s) can only kill a max of two students, accomplices will not ""graduate"" if the killer is not identified, these are just some of the rules he has in place, adding more as the game progresses.Class trials are divided into a variety of mini-games. For the most part you will be using ""truth bullets"" which are made from the clues you gathered during the investigation phase, and are used to shoot down others statements to prove them wrong and advance the trial. You can also absorb statements for a new truth bullet unique to that particular debate.At certain points you will have to battle someone in a rhythm based section where you have to time a button press to the beat to shoot their statements down to the point that they agree with you. Later trials up the difficulty by throwing in white lines, which cover up statements and can be shot down for bonus time, but are removed on the lower difficulty.Upon voting for the killer, and assuming you were correct, you are treated to a cutscene in which Monokuma executes them, gloriously themed to match the killer's talent.After each class trial and the subsequent execution of the blackened (what the killer is referred to in this), another floor of the school is unlocked for you to explore and find clues about the whole situation.  I liked this way of unlocking the map as it rewarded you for successfully beating a class trial by giving you more lore and items to unlock.Musically, Danganronpa is brilliant, Monokuma's theme in particular is great. The voice acting is excellent too, with the option to have Japanese audio with English subtitles if thats what you prefer.Danganronpa was initially released for the PSP way back in 2010 and got a PC release last year. Which means that the graphics obviously aren't cutting edge but it does the job. What really shines in Danganronpa though is the writing."
,Recommended,413410,21918403,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kenyo,You get panties for becoming good friends with the girls. 420/10
,Recommended,413410,22847714,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,upd🌀g,"Recipe for some delicious, home-cooked Danganronpa:- 1 cup of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney- 1 cup of Battle Royale (avoid inferior substitutes like Hunger Games)- 15 gallons of PCP- 1 pile of salt- 2 tablespoons of Mondo ButterSixteen and a half rapples."
76561198087138680,Recommended,413410,21334369,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Grim Sylphie,"Yes, It's Danganronpa, best detective story. Here, on steam. Miracles happen <3"
,Recommended,413410,26124173,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Ehn Jee,"A great visual novel/investigation game in the same vein as Phoenix Wright. The basic premise is 15 students get trapped in a school and the only way to escape is to murder a fellow student AND get away with it. This is all antagonized by Monokuma, a mascot for the series who has a personality that clashes with the game's circumstance and his appearance. There's an overarching mystery as well and a colorful cast of characters to participate in the trials that get you invested in the story. Every character is an ""ultimate"" being the absolute best at something which adds a lot to their personalities from the beginning.Most of the game is exploring the school and developing relationships until a murder takes place. The exploration then becomes more focused and directed in looking for clues at the crime scene and related areas. The trials themselves play out as various minigames involving using clues from your investigation and matching the right clues to the right statements to prove logical inconsistencies and slowly corner the killer. The trial has a certain style to it that many fans appreciate and get attached to. And every trial is lenghty with plenty of twists to keep you off balance, it's certainly the meat of the gameplay.The game is very anime (and has an actual anime which is a consice version of the game without the relationship building), so as long as you don't have any major issues with the style, I highly recommend this game. Also the music is boss. And I would consider a playthrough of this game mandatory is you're considering playing the sequel as there are significant links."
,Recommended,413410,21690382,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,GLC | Sharer Shadow,My old review was pretty bad so I had to make a new one.The light novel revolves around 1st year highschoolers being stuck in a mysterious building after they were going to their school for the ceremony. then Monokuma shows up and tells them they can't leave unless you kill and won't get caught in the trial. When that happens you have to solve in order to leave because if the culprit doesn't get caught everyone is executed.This is a big yes If you like mystery games. You can also use your freetime to talk with characters to be able empthasize with them more. This review might be slightly biased because I love the game series but I can't give them a thumbs up without making an review so this is all I got.
76561198115527524,Recommended,413410,32898411,Posted: 27 June,all,Freshie44,"Met some cool people, watched each one get killed, now I have all the feels."
,Recommended,413410,33201157,Posted: 3 July,all,Atua,"Never have I been so extremely pleased with a video game series other than Danganronpa. Truly an excellent game that makes you use logic and puzzle-solving skills to develop relationships with many of the unique and talented students show to you. Danganronpa is a mystery game about 15 students trapped in a school: how do you get out? By killing a student and getting away with it. What happens if you get caught? A cinematic execution regarding your talent of course! This game uses horror, psychological, and emotional dialogue to its advantage alongside a humorous antagonist known as Monokuma. Although I am biased I would recommend this game! Even if you do not like it to its maximum potential, the second game is a large step up in difficulty and story with possibly the most complex yet intriguing baseline I have ever experienced. Pros: Art Style/Puzzles/Gameplay/FreeTimeEvents. Cons: Sometimes the answer is extremely obvious while other times it is too obscure for words. What would I rate this game? I would give it a 7.9/10 Is it worth the money? In my opinion yees, replayability is high and fun. Hope this helps!"
76561198345540472,Recommended,413410,31024475,Posted: 8 April,all,Ouma's Hoe,"This game is so gucci,, Junko is best waifu"
76561198197302835,Recommended,413410,30460281,Posted: 11 March,all,fitey384,"The only negative within this game is that occasionally, conversations drag on unnecessarily long. Other than that, if you like quirky jrpgs, creative mysteries, and dark stories, this is a game for you. It is perfect for the niche it fits but is not for everyone."
,Recommended,413410,31072702,Posted: 10 April,all,Bwettfett,"A solid visual novel. I loved the Ace Attorney franchise all the way back when it was Gyakuten Saiben, before any localized releases, so a game as similar as that series really hit the spot.Dangan is a PSP game originally, and it shows a bit. The game feels alittle lower budget than alot of stuff out there but that adds to the charm in my opinion. The music is good, the characters are fun and the trial gameplay is a really unique way of handling court room drama in a game.The Japanese voice cast is worth noting, there's some big names here.  Yugi's Japanese voice actor voices the protagonist for starters.   The game features dual audio which as a giant weeb I appreciated quite a a bit.Game is around 20 hours long, give or take a few. It's not an agonizingly long VN like some others out there.Pick it up if you enjoy the idea of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child of Battle Royale, Persona and Ace Attorney."
76561198025485950,Recommended,413410,24745902,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Smug,A waifu death simulator...10/10 BEST GAMEBEST GAME100/100
,Recommended,413410,30143431,Posted: 24 February,all,C;2b,10/10 would be driven to despair again!
,Recommended,413410,21450083,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Seraph,"You can catch the more in-depth video review below or read the short summary:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uDyT1qwGg4I really enjoyed playing through Danganronpa. The visual presentation was well done, the music is catchy, the story I felt was well constructed and the trial mechanics make the game well worth playing. I felt a majority of the issues I had with the game such as the chore of collecting, how the screen can get convoluted and the monotony of School Life mode, was more or less me venting and if you don’t have a Vita or PSP, give the game on PC a shot (pun unintended). I have high hopes going into Danganronpa 2, so here’s hoping they can keep the momentum going.If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Original_Curators_Group"
,Recommended,413410,22049221,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DeckeЯ,wrong! wrong! wrong! wrong! wrong!No that's wrong! simulatorwrong wrong! wrong! wrong! wrong!
,Recommended,413410,21962323,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,sup bitch?,"The game is really good.Watched the anime first and now playing the gameAltough I knew the solutions of the first case , I really struggled because you really have to focus on so much things in the so called class trials.Someone who really loves the anime , surely has fun with this game"
76561198202193776,Recommended,413410,24895237,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Jack's World,Was worth ever dime it costed!  It has become my new favorite game!  Play this before you watch the anime!  Trust me!
,Recommended,413410,30119625,Posted: 23 February,all,Tenorilove,Battle Royale but with a lot of talented animu characters and a sadistic bear.((Your waifu will probably die))
76561198022456064,Recommended,413410,22794651,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,BiggerBoss,"While it would be easy to constantly compare this game to the Ace Attorney series, I feel as if this game deserves to be enjoyed and praised in it's own right. There is much thought put into Danganronpa's story, as it is very fascinating in it's murder mystery plot and dark humor. If point an click adventure/visual novels are your thing, along with an Ace Attorney style court drama where you present evidence and do fun little mini games is exciting to you, then I recommend this game to you. It even has an optional ""dating sim"" type mode called free time where you can unlock more about each character to find out their information and backstory. They may seem like stereotypical tropes at first, but later on you find there's more layers to who they are and you'll get very invested. Again, if this type of game is your thing, then I highly recommend this experience to you and guaruntee it's worth your time and money."
76561198218458060,Recommended,413410,25622588,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Om3ga-Z3ro,"I simply love this game, the characters were all so unique, the murders were clever, the music is what kept me on the edge of my seat and the story itself was filled with so many twists and mind blowing moments that it blew my mind to peices. I highly recommend this game, this is a VN I enjoyed so much in a long, long time. To all the people that is still confused into buying this, BUY IT and support it so they can make more into the PC platform."
,Recommended,413410,24402558,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,John,"A visual novel that's like Ace Attorney, except you get to befriend, form bonds and memories, and feel things before their murder rips your heart asunder.Seriously, the first trial was a ♥♥♥♥ing gut punch. I was not prepared."
76561198236605580,Recommended,413410,33998881,Posted: 3 August,all,Poharan,Now I know what people who watch game of thrones feel like
76561198127121613,Recommended,413410,21947031,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Blamblegam,"Danganronpa A great PC Port from the original on PSP, An excellent soundtrack and story, Characters are funny and rememorable, both English and Japanese audio are included for those who like the option. The Game is like a mix between the Phoenix Wright series and some ""horror"" elements from Corpse Party although not as graphic. It is a Visual Novel so you will be doing Alot of reading.The only thing I found bad was using the mouse to navigate the menus (having to use mouse wheel to go up/down without using keyboard felt akward) but understandable as the gameplay section involves moving in a first person perspective, this gameplay element is also the reason for your mouse being locked to the window unless you alt+tab or close the game (even in windowed mode)Although it might seem pointless for a Visual Novel, it does run 1080p 60fps, the resolution upscaling is impressive without any (or little loss) in the quality dispite originally being on the psp's small handheld screen. Many options for window sizes and other graphic options.If you have watched the anime already play this anyway trust me, its a much better experience and in my honest opinion much more enjoyable as nothing is left out (anime just kinda skips ""little"" details and skips right to the point)If you dont watch anime I still recommend this game if you like the mystery/murder solving genre although liking anime may (or may not) make the experience more enjoyable.All in all a great addition to your library and the good news is if you find yourself wanting more, Spike Chunsoft has already confirmed the Sequel: Danganronpa 2:Goodbye Despair to release on April 18th 2016!TL;DR: Its Good buy it!"
,Recommended,413410,29070844,Posted: 6 January,all,PresidentBJ,"Consider this review a first impression as I have not finished Danganropa.Prior to playing this game I had  loads of people comparing it to The Zero Escape series in order to try and get me to understand what the games like... After playing a while I gotta say I see where the comparison comes from, but in execution and style they are significantly different.I'd much rather compare this to the Ace Attorney series as it has an investigation and a trial where you point out contradictions in an argument. Story wise yeah there is someone keeping you captive, but I think every single plot beat other than that shows no real comparison to Zero Escape.Regardless of whether it's like Zero Escape or not I enjoy this game immensely, heavily stylized art is a big strong suit for me and I feel the game does a fairly good job getting me to interact with the other characters with Persona esque social links.So far the game's got high marks from me...Continued...At this moment I'm nearing the end and everthing previously stated holds true."
,Recommended,413410,22788001,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Southern Poverty Law Center,"I quite enjoyed this game.Something you should know up front about this game, however, is that part of the enjoyment comes from the surprise you get when playing it.  And people are especially terrible at keeping the secrets of this game...secret.  If you have any interest in playing the game, I highly recommend steering clear of discussion forums, comment sections, YouTube thumbnails, Wikis and even other Steam reviews.  Imageboards are also a no-go, spoilers will show up in /v/ threads even when you're not looking for them.In any case, the game is a ""Whodunit"" visual novel in the vein of games like Phoenix Wright and Zero Escape.  The conceit of the game is spelled out in its Steam store page, so I won't repeat it here, but if you've never played those types of games before, the experience is much like reading a good Sherlock Holmes or Hercule Poirot murder mystery, except you play as the detective from a first-person perspective.That's not to say that it's just a read-along story - this game gives you some autonomy.   In between murders and major story beats, you can choose to hang out with any of the remaining students and try to get to know them better.  But when a student is murdered, you also have examine the scene of the crime yourself, gathering as much evidence as you can by looking around the various crime scenes, and then debate with your remaining fellow students over ""whodunit"" during the class trial.  The debates are where most of the actual gameplay comes in - you must suss out contradictions in your fellow students statements based on your knowledge of the case though a variety of mini-games.These games are kind of famous for having absolutely crazy stories with lots of twists, and this game doesn't disappoint.  There were a few things that I figured out ahead of my player character, but just as many things took me completely by surprise, a few even catching me completely me off guard.  The game is not short - Steam says it took me about 27 hours start to finish, but I was so fixated on the mysteries of the plot that those 27 hours flew by.The art-style might lead you to believe that the game is aimed at anime or JRPG fans, but I enjoyed the story despite not being either - there were one or two scenes that were kinda ""fancervice"", but not enough to detract from the overall game.  The soundtrack is fantastic too.If you're still not sure if you would enjoy this game or not, what I would recommend is reading or watching¹ a Let's Play of the game.  Reading or watching up to the end of the first chapter should be enough to tell you if this is the kind of game you would enjoy or not - there is enough to tantalize, but no major plot threads are resolved, leaving you to experience the best parts of the game yourself.¹ If you're watching, be careful to avoid spoilers in YouTube comments or thumbnails, and also ensure you're watching a play-through of the US PSVita or Steam release, so you get fully voiced class trials."
,Recommended,413410,25045514,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,h0tsp4ce,"What can I add to the already vast repetoire of reviews for Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc that hasn't been said before? An interesting VN based off of mystery, including enough side content and gameplay to keep one occupied. While I felt it lost steam midway through, it definitely picked up at the ending.Also, the second game is said to be much better. I would suggest this game if you enjoy horror/mystery and something more challenging than your run of the mill kinetic VN ^^8/10"
,Recommended,413410,29726712,Posted: 5 February,all,sergy,おしおきタイム！！！
76561198014064287,Recommended,413410,26555984,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[Templar] Storm,"Time for a little review.I- STORYYou probably already have sen this type of story.15 students locked in a abandonned high-school, are forced to kill each other if they want to escape.But, after each death, the remaining students will have to determine who the killer is, or all of them are going to be killed by the judge (aka, a little bear, I am not kidding), except for the killer. If they unmask him, he's going to be the only one killed.It's not incredible, but it's original, and full of cool twists. 8/10II - CHARACTERSWow, I never thought someone could make some characters so dense, even more in a killing game, mostly thanks to the dialogues who can have with them between the murders.Some of them are serious waifu material, and even the first ones to die have some depth. Only the first one is really more flat than the others, but you won't like him anyway after what he did, so it doesn't really matter.While we're at it, let's talk about the voices (played with the japanese voices). They were forged to fit with the characters. Like really, I cannot detatch one character with his voice. You may recognize the voice of Makoto, the voice actress is the one who dubbed Shinji from Evangelion. Kyoko's voice has done a whole lot of acting too, from No Game No Life to High School DxD. Asahina's is Senjougahara fron the Monogatari series, Monokuma's voice is amazing... Good♥♥♥♥♥♥right there 10/10III - GAMEPLAYClearly, two different gameplays : In the first one, you walk around the school, talking with your friends, giving them presents for learning more about them. After the murders, you'll try to find clues to find who the killer is.While this part is really repetitive, the next one isn't at all.The Trials. 6 trials in total, and each one of them are different. It's like Ace Attorney, but with more betrayal and dead waifus. You'll shoot ""Truth Bullets"" at false statements, answer questions, and try to compose small sentences with letters. Truth be told, those are the best moments of the game.The difficulty isn't that hard, but it's for the better if you want to focus on the story.TOTAL : 10/10I watched the anime first (please don't judge me too hard), but some reviews said that it was lacking a lot of developpement from the game.So I played it, and I wasn't disapointed.You MUST play this game, if you like the whole Dectective/Mystery type of game."
,Recommended,413410,21318319,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hubert C. (✿◠‿◠)󠀡,phoenix wright for hip teens
76561198036434142,Recommended,413410,21372454,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,S3ooD,I never feared dual-colored bears like that before!10/10
,Recommended,413410,30185029,Posted: 25 February,all,Dolomen,Had a hard time putting this one down. Can't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,413410,22475058,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Chan,"After earning my last achievement, I finally feel qualified to write something about this game.I first came across Danganronpa when I was looking for some anime to watch. I watched the whole series and adored it. After looking up info about it, I found out there was a game, too. I immediately wanted it, but I had no PS Vita or anything + I'd have to ship it from Japan, which was too much work. I abandoned it after watching some gameplay videos.When I opened up Steam for the first time in months and saw that the game was available, I dressed myself and ran to a store, bought a PSC, returned home and purchased the game with its mini-OST. I started it up and that nice feeling hit me again.After watching the anime (and a little portion of gameplay), I thought I would not like the game as much, but boy was I wrong... This game is so much better than the anime!Pros:+ Awesome story+ Feels fresh, even after watching the anime: I found myself being surprised even when I knew what was going to happen+ Large variety of characters+ Awesome artwork+ Plot twists+ Great mysteries+ MonokumaCons:- School mode (a special mode unlocked after finishing the game) gets boring after the second gameplay- That freaking Monokuma machine made me have to replay the trials too many times to get coins- Too little tracks, but then again, it's a mini-OST, so it's kinda expected.I'd give Danganronpa a solid 8,5/10. I recommend it to everyone.Two more days until the second game comes out and hopefully I'll get to play the third one someday!"
,Recommended,413410,33294800,Posted: 5 July,all,SnakesBandana,"Nihilism: The Video GameCome for the waifus, stay for the despair."
,Recommended,413410,34766651,Posted: 5 September,all,Repugnant Weeb,"IntroductionI originally played the PSP version of this game in 2013 (around the time the anime series aired) patched with a fan translation. The gameplay between each version is obviously the same, but this version includes both English and Japanese voice acting as well as a localized script for the game rather than a more direct translation often used in fan translations. It's been a long time since I've played the fan translation so I'm not sure how the two versions compare to each other, however I don't think the localization present in this version of the game is bad at all.GameplayThere are two game types in this game ― the standard mode and ""School"" mode (which plays like a regular life-sim and is unlocked by completing the main game). The standard mode follows the events known in game as the ""Killing School Life,"" where 15 ""Ultimate"" students are trapped within their school and forced into a killing game where the only way to escape the school is to commit murder without being caught. This is the story mode of the game, so besides the basic plot summary, I don't want to go into too much detail about the events of the game because it is best to be discovered by playing; what I can go into detail about is how the game is played. The game consists of three phases:Daily Life ― this phase plays mostly like a Visual Novel. You can (and will have to) explore the school. During free time you can interact with the other characters and grow closer to them to gain special abilities that give you bonuses in other parts of the game. During this phase fixed story events can happen instead of free time.Deadly Life ― the game enters this phase after a murder occurs. It consists of an investigation into the murder. It's up to you to find clues and talk to the other characters for their own accounts (both clues and testimonies are known as ""Truth Bullets"") to use during the next phase of the game.Class Trial ― this is the action-oriented phase of the game. There are multiple minigames that take place during Class Trials that involve you needing to use the right Truth Bullets to advance the trial and find out who the murderer is.Class Trial Minigames""Nonstop Debates"" the goal is to shoot down weaknesses and contradictions in the statements made by other characters with the correct Truth Bullet; if you use the wrong one, your influence gauge (health) is reduced. These get more and more complex as the game progresses.""Hangman's Gambit"" requires you to fill in the missing letters of a word in order to reveal the correct piece of evidence. Shooting the wrong letter will also reduce your influence gauge.""Bullet Time Battles"" are one-on-one debates between you and another character where you need to point out the flaw in their argument. You do this by shooting down their objections through a rythmn game where right-clicking locks on to a statement, and left clicking shoots it. Shooting down their statements reduces their influence gauge, while letting their statements reach you will reduce yours. These also get more complex as the game progresses.The final minigame type is the ""Closing Argument."" In this the goal is to piece together the sequence of events in a comic book style, filling in the blank panels with the correct event. If you put the wrong event in a blank panel, your influence gauge goes down.There are three different difficulty settings for the game and the difficulty for action and logic are set independent from each other (much like the seperate combat difficulty and puzzle difficulty settings in the Silent Hill games) so you can change them to suit what's most fun for you.SoundLike I said earlier I orignally played this game using a fan translation, so I was already used to the Japanese voice acting for the game. The Japanese voice acting is great and I would certainly recommend playing with that just from a purist's perspecive. When I replayed the game after buying it on Steam, I decided to play the game with English voice acting so that I could compare the two. For the most part, the English voice actors do a good job in playing their parts and I thought the voices fit the characters well.My only complaint is in the voice acting for Naegi and Monokuma. Something about Bryce Papenbrook's voice just bothers me. I feel bad, but I have yet to find a role he has played where I liked his voice. Brian Beacock as Monokuma doesn't feel right to me either. It's entirely subjective so maybe it won't be as off putting to someone else, but the biggest deal killer for me was his Monokuma laugh. I know it's an increadibly petty thing to dismiss an entire performance for, but Beacock's just does not come close to Nobuyo Ōyama's.The music in the game is fantastic, and Masafumi Takada did a really good job composing music to fit the various moods of the game. I don't really have much to say other than I just really like the music in this game.VisualsThe character art for the game has a very obvious Anime art style, however the game is presented with a sort-of cardboard cutout aesthetic. It gives the game a bit of interesting visual flair, however there is no escaping the fact that this type of aesthetic gives the game a somewhat flat look at times. This wouldn't be a problem (and most of the time it isn't), however sometimes certain objects can overlap when you rotate the camera and can make it difficult to spot or click on (though this problem is extremely easy to solve as all you have to do rotate the camera again).The dedication to the cardboard cutout look is stuck with throughout the whole game, with objects and characters falling into place when you enter a room. This can get very tedious, as you have to watch this everytime you enter a room. In cases where one room is only accessable from another room, you need to watch this 3 times ― when you enter the first room, when you enter the room you want to go to, and when you enter the first room for a second time in order to return to the school hallways. This can be avoided by fast traveling with the map screen, but you can only fast travel to specified locations.ConclusionDanganronpa is a great game. The music is great, and the gameplay is solid. Both the English and Japanese voice acting are solid for the most part, and the visuals are enjoyable enough. The story develops at a somewhat slow pace but the overall mystery kept me interested until the end. Some characters are more developed that others, resulting in some characters being two-dimensional and are only there to fill in typical anime-archtypes. The game is hurt by repetitive and tedious aspects, such as daily morning/nighttime announcements, loads of flashbacks, the room transitions mentioned above, etc., but overall it doesn't keep me from enjoying or recommending this game."
,Recommended,413410,30770576,Posted: 27 March,all,Wah!,"This game is for you when you have any of the following:-Wanting to debate but you are shy as ♥♥♥♥-When you want to know the feeling of pawning someone, resulting in their execution-Knowing the feeling of being an investigator."
76561198032287370,Recommended,413410,21395696,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,NerfedFalcon,"Occasionally challenging and thoroughly gripping, even to the point of inducing despair in the reader (possibly), this is an easy recommendation for anyone who likes visual novels or is looking for one to get into the genre."
76561198041314219,Recommended,413410,21380747,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dasbich,"The game so nice I bought it thrice, on three different platforms, with a sequel and a spinoff to boot.Edit: This game is probably one of my favorite games that I've played in recent years. A friend introduced me to the series years ago and now having played through the game multiple times on PSP and Vita I developed a strong liking to the characters and the story that was developing over multiple games. That being said this games story can be slightly predictable and can sometimes fall into obvious mystery clichés that could deter some from continuing onward with your school life. I urge you to stick with it as this game gets deeper as the story goes on and does a few original things that I haven't seen done in other mystery style games or books. The characters are the driving force of this game though and they all have interesting quirks to go along with them. Most players will probably find themselves liking some characters and disliking some others for varying reasons although I believe that each character is extremely well written and have their own unique characteristics that make the interactions between them fun.Next we have the gameplay which revolves around three distinct sections. Free time allows you to interact with characters and give them gifts much like in a dating sim. Each time you interact with them during this period and give them a gift that they like, they will tell you more about themselves. If you do this enough with any one character you get a skill to help you during the class trials. Next comes the investigation mode in whioch you search the school for clues in order to solve the mystery of whodunit and piece together the mystery of the school and its inhabitants. Finally we have the class trials in which you do several puzzles that lead to the eventual solution to the case. Most of the puzzles  are fairly simple so you may want to play on a harder difficulty from the beginning in order to get a more challenging experience although it does get a bit more challenging in the later trials.TLDR: I would highly recommend this game but be sure to not have it spoiled for you before you play it and be ready for a healthy dose of reading."
,Recommended,413410,21556238,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,forgottensome,"All my friends died and apparently I really like that.I mean,  I already beat the game and bought it again here so I must really love it.Downside: I cry when I eat pancakes"
76561197993808309,Recommended,413410,21373507,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,aaäá,"Experience the cult classic without having to read some goons thread about it, learning japanese, running unstable emulators, watching the 0/10 anime adaptation or buying a handheld device with 3 hours of battery life!"
,Recommended,413410,21307826,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Kaz's Backlog,"So I've been told many times to play the game and watch the Anime and so on. My PS Vita is broken so when I found this was coming to Steam I was petty excited even though I had no Idea what this game is. Well all I can say is, its well done. It starts off slow, but once you get to know the characters and the plot its pretty sweet. I know it's a Murder Mystery type of game os if your into Pheonix Wright this game is for you! And it runs very well on Pc! I even started a Youtube Playhthrough and I'm loving it so far. Highly Recommend.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8h4Fx_K_iA"
,Recommended,413410,21327673,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Caree,"This game is just amasing, I hope they will port the other Danganronpa games soon. When I heard DangaRonpa were comming to steam , I just had to get it!"
,Recommended,413410,22318089,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,EmberSH,"Played up to the first trial so far. Loving it, really enjoying how it has so many aspects to it. It's fun piecing together the crimes as well as just pointing out the killer. (Which is good, because I worked the 1st killer out really quick and got REALLY frustrated when everyone was like 'I wonder what this clue means' and you want to physically climb through the moniter and slap some sense into them. But it could be because it's your first case, so they wanted to make it easier on you. IDK)I was worried my favorites would die eventually. Half are already gone. I'm sad. On the plus side, I can now enjoy the detective aspect without those pesky feels.10/10 would form doomed attachments again."
,Recommended,413410,31024143,Posted: 8 April,all,Boggybean,"An absolutely incredible experience for me. The writing was impeccable, the characters were memorable, the story was gripping and tense and the gameplay as weird as ♥♥♥♥.This game came as such a shock to me, considering I'd never played visual novels or anime-themed games in the past. I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,413410,33294810,Posted: 5 July,all,Christmas is a way of life,"If you like the characters of Persona and the gameplay of 999 and Ace Attorney, Danganronpa is perfect for you."
,Recommended,413410,29595565,Posted: 30 January,all,Potatotime5,"This review may contain mild spoilers.Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, at its' core, is a visual novel. More than anything, you'll be sitting around clicking through paragraphs of dialogue. However, when you're not reading the dialogue, getting to know each character you'll besolving the murders of those same friends so that you can execute another one of your friends that killed them to save yourself.The gameplay varies between two phases within the game, Daily Life and Deadly Life. Daily Life is time you spend living normally, exploring the grounds of Hopes Peak Academy and spending time with friends building relationships with them. Deadly Life takes place after a murder has happened. This phase involves exploring the school, looking for clues and talking to people to get their account as to what happened. A flaw in the game is developed in the Deadly Life section, however. There is no way to fail at finding clues. No matter what, the game won't progress until you find every clue needed for that case (this may sound dumb, but it also leads to the fact that you KNOW you have what you need).This leads to the Class Trials. The Class Trials are a variety of minigames that use clues you found during an investigation phase. Here is where some of my grief comes in. During the first few Class Trials, it was really fun getting to play minigames to dismantle the arguments of other classmates to expose the killer. However, the later you get into the game, the less I began to enjoy the minigames. In particular, the ""Hangman's Gambit"" and the ""Machine Gun Talk"" minigames. ""Hangman's Gambit"" seemed pointless as the answer was always really obvious and resulted in me waiting for the right letters to flash by. The ""Machine Gun Talk"" minigame (the rhythm battle against other classmates) got annoying as it would interrupt the flow of the ""Nonstop Debate"". After the minigames end, youconvict a classmate and they get executed for their crime.After theexecution, the game goes back to normal, allowing you to explore and spend time with classmates.Finally, the story. The story is amazing. There aren't any plot holes that I can see, and the story keeps you gripped the entire time. At anytime of the game you'll be left wondering what's going to happen next, and how an event will be explained.TL;DRGameplay: 8/10 While the gameplay has its' lows, the highs of it make up for those lows.Story: 10/10 Gripping story, no obvious plotholes.Overall: 9.5/10 I kept telling myself that 9 was too low, so it gets a 9.5. The story and highs of the gameplay completely make up for the lows that the game suffers.Who this game is aimed at: People who enjoy visual novels, anime, and mysteries. Or anyone who likes the Zero Escape, or Phoenix Wright games.People who SHOULDN'T play this game: People who don't like reading/ are looking for a more fast paced game."
,Recommended,413410,22248667,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,NerdyBirdyx,"Very fun game.You play a high school student named Makoto Naegi. You get invited to go to a highschool named ""Hope's Peak Academy."" But soon after you arrive, you realize that you-- and the other students-- are trapped inside the school. The only way to leave is by ""graduating."" And in order to graduate: you must get away with murder.Like I said, very fun game. My favorite part is definitely the class trials in which you and the other students go over clues in a case to try and find out who killed the victim. The class trials are pretty long but very fun.The story and music are both great and I really love the art style. The Japanese voice acting is great as well (I didn't use English VA because I don't really like it). Also, there's quite a colorful cast of characters and I don't think there's one character that I dislike. (Kyoko = best girl)Unfortunately, I had already seen the anime series before playing the game so I pretty much knew who died. Knowing who died took out some of the enjoyment but I still had a lot fun playing the game. If I knew this game would be getting a steam release I wouldn't have watched the anime :/Overall, I love this game. If you like visual novels and murder mysteries then you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,413410,21630666,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Noodel,"Awsome Plot, ridiculous Gifts (Salt? REALLY?), some references to other detective stuff(case closed), awsome OST, bear puns, and 11037 for the Win.10/10 would 11037 again"
,Recommended,413410,21303150,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Gatsu,"TL;DR This is a wonderful and funny game, highly recommended.Danganronpa is one AMAZING anime/visual novel game and it is the best I have played in this genre. It's amongst my favorite games ever and is hella sweet to see it on Steam and PC port is excellent :). I already played it on PSVita before but had to buy again.In the story you play as Makoto Naegi, who gets a lucky chance to join Hope's Peak Academy, a school for talented people. Once he enters there, well he quickly notices that the place is pretty different than what he thought... Danganronpa has very likeable and funny characters xD. The cast will notice quite soon to be part of a crazy and dark game of survival. This game of despair is lead by a mysterious nasty and funny bear called Monokuma, who btw is one of the BEST villains ever haha :D! The only way to survive out of there is to kill another student, without others finding out that who did it.The soundtrack is really awesome with many cool songs. During the game, there is fps-freeroam in certain areas around the school and you can have conversations with the other characters a lot, to get to know them better.One of the highlights of the journey, are definitely moments called Class Trials. It's when you have to find out the murderer with the others, blaming and arguing against each other in intense word battles. Trying to find out the guilty one is never easy and I love this about DR. You have to search for clues and complete puzzles to clear them and the Trials can last for a long time. The game keeps you guessing and addicted to the end.A very nice bonus is that there is also the option to choose between English and Japanese voice acting, personally I looooove the Japanese VA it's WONDERFUL :D.This journey will make you laugh, feel sad, surprised and care about the fantastic, crazy characters.Everyone should definitely play this and Danganronpa 2 if can, because I think Danganronpa 3 releases this year and because Monokuma is beary awesome :)."
,Recommended,413410,21484758,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Moskeeto,"I'm not usually a fan of Japanese visual novels, but this one is an exception along with the Ace Attorney series. If you thought Ace Attorney was full of great macabre humor, then you'll love Danganronpa as well. This game takes the macabre humor of Ace Attorney and pushes it to its limits by killing off your friends rather than someone you've never met before. I haven't felt this invested in a story in a long time so I've been playing this every chance I get until I finish the game.Anyway, the story is genuinely creepy with its mature themes combined with Japanese weirdness and its amazing soundtrack that never fails to keep the atmosphere tense. I highly recommend you try Danganronpa even if you don't like visual novels. Don't compare this to all those crappy ""dating sims"" you've seen on the Steam store for the past couple of years. Give it a fair shake."
,Recommended,413410,33618789,Posted: 17 July,all,Zebulan,"As far as Visual Novels go, this one is a masterpiece.  You'll be on the edge of your seat as the story progresses.  It's captivating, the characters are well thought out and the murders have just the right amount of information to get your mind racing as you think through different possibilities.Some of the minigames could be done without, and the game has zero replay value in the end (When you finish the game, you are presented with a new game mode where you can do the friendship activities without people dying - so you can still see those player paths without replaying the entire game), which is a bummer.  Also only key areas of the game is voiced over - most is text, which is expected of a VN, so be prepared for reading - not listening.At the end of the novel, you'll be begging for more!"
,Recommended,413410,22017297,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ally,"As a lover of anime and mystery the trailer I saw for this game had me hooked! I purchased it on a whim(after watching the trailer) and boy was I happy!The art style was great, the occasional voice acting was stellar(and familiar if you watch dubbed anime), the music didn't feel repetitive which is a folly some VN's fall into.The story is where the game excels, I have not finished it yet and I've put a good 20 hours into the game, I have not once been bored. The mystery is still entertaining and the twists(whilst sometimes predictable) have been shocking and poignant.Its got plenty of hot anime grills to choose to love, its got your stereotypical anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to hate! Hell they even threw in a little phoenix wright-esque gameplay in there too.My only complaint so far is the word game part, it seems needlessly tacked on. Other than that everythings stellar.10/10"
,Recommended,413410,21570731,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Personα,-Fall into Despair !! -
,Recommended,413410,21313130,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Phoenix-san,"One of the best visual novels from consoles finally makes its debut on PC!I would not say much about story, but it is just amazing, trust me. The game itself is a visual novel with a little mix of social elements (kinda like two latest persona games) and Logic Debates (much like Ace Attorney court phases). You might not expect this from screenshots, but the game has a dark, sinister atmosphere, dont be fooled by its appearance.Speaking of appearance, it has unique graphic style, characters and enviromment kinda ""unfolding"" themselves, looks pretty cool. Music is nice, especially main theme, helps a lot to build a suspense. Game comes bundled with soundtrack for now too. Voice actors did truly amazing job, bring life to characters (especially Japanese voicover, the best imo, but English did a decent acting as well).Also game is pretty lenthy, expect 20+ hours at the very least, prepare for a LOT of text! Took me probably twice longer though, hehe.Also last but not least, by buying this game you are supporting developers and may encourage them to bring more of their titles to steam. Titles like Zero Escape series! So you might consider to get this even if you already finished game on vita :)Overall, this is TOTALLY worth its price, you get a long game with intresting story and bright characters."
,Recommended,413410,31808313,Posted: 17 May,all,gay ass,Chihiro is still best waifu
76561198161331485,Recommended,413410,21303057,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Vidya,"I've Already played through this game on the Playstation Vita.The Story is really great, full of plot twists, great character development, intense plot points etc.For the Steam review i'm mainly gonna judge how it was ported.Gameplay:Pros:The Mouse/Keyboard control's works surprisingly well.You can use a controller aswell.There is nothing negative i've encountered with the controls.I'd even say that they work *much* better than the PS Vita controls.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Graphics:Pros:Solid 1080p 60FPSCons:1080p is the max. resolution.In my opinion, the graphics are just as good as on the Vita.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This Game should really be 20$ at max.I feel like 30$ is way too overpriced, yet imo it's worth it.Dank game9.5/10"
76561198272009069,Recommended,413410,30482190,Posted: 12 March,all,Bobby,One of the best games I have ever played please play this game im begging you
,Recommended,413410,21667989,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gamer Girl,Puhuhuhuhuhuhuhu!
76561198068953669,Recommended,413410,21302685,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Yang,Always Love Danganronpa SeriesAnd The port was good60 fps?It just feel very smooth
76561198052946918,Recommended,413410,21302227,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Rundas From Halo,"While I have no hours on the PC  yet, I have played it on the Vita. This game is good to put it shortly. I will rank it on Gameplay, Story, Graphics, and Sound.Story: You are Makoto Naegi, a normal/average boy who got accepted into Hopes Peak Academy with the title of Super High School Luckster. You enter the academy and suddenly your vision goes black. you wake up in a classroom and meet the other students. During the confusion, a Black and White Bear arrives, calling itself Monokuma. The bear then tells the students that the only way to leave is to kill another classmate witout getting caught. While the format and basis for the plot feels very ""edgy"" it works well. the writers work these students into this out of this world experience very well. Combine that with the trials, which are very intresting and keep you engaged. It overall a good story, and highlight of the game.Gameplay: The gameplay is a combination of a visual novel and mystery game. You interact and hang out with students to learn more about them, and then the mystery  you search for clues in the school to find the murderer. Trials are almost half of the game, and this where you put all of your evidence to the test in finding out who the killer is. these segment can be at least an hour to two hours at some points. During the trials are minigames that i wont go into detail with, such as nonstop debates and panic talk. The gameplay is okay. It controls well, but not perfectly which can lead to mistakes that are not your own. the gameplay can also drag on for a while, as the game itself does.Visuals: Danganronpa takes things in an artstyle pleasing to the eye, with many character designs either fitting the character, look good, or both. the enviroments are a bit dark at certian points which can be bothersome. However, the most different change is the ""Pink Blood"" in which everyone has pink blood instead of red. It is really dumb and an excuse to make it so that teens could play it, which is very idiotic.Sound: Voice Acting, especially in english, can feel very dull at points. While some have good performance, others feel like they put no effort into it, which is heart breaking. The OST is okay, with some good tracks, bad tracks, but mostly average tracks that may or may not fit the situation. This is easily the weakest part of the game.Overall Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a good game, with fantasic visuals and story, with okay gameplay and sound. I'd reccomend you get at a sale if you can, $30 is a bit too much."
76561197996067981,Not Recommended,413410,29015648,Posted: 4 January,all,Jasz,"If you're reading this review then you're either rather lucky or you've filtered by negative reviews, because all negative reviews are immediately downvoted by all the fanboys. But in any case, I'll tell you why you should consider not buying this game despite all the positive reviews:I like gathering evidence, solving mysteries and exposing the culprit!Too bad, the amount of hand holding in this game is abysmal, there are but a few moments where you're not told where to go and where to look. That also goes for the trial, where player agency is limited to some action minigames (nothing special here) and answering rather simple questions. You'll never feel like being the one who solved the case.It's a visual novel, not a puzzle game! I just want an interesting story and cool mysteries!Well, the trailer didn't make it look likejusta visual novel, but whatever.There are only a couple of cases really and they're either very easy to guess (and I don't even read mystery novels or play mystery games, I'm generally terrible at guessing ""what happens next"") or impossible to guess because you're not given all the evidence (by that I mean it's not possible to get all the evidence, you'll have to wait for the trail). As for the story, there's nothing much, really. Don't expect anything rational, that's for sure.I don't care about the trials, I just want to see the final plot twist!I won't spoil anything, I'll just say that a part of it was actually quite coolJunko being the mastermindwhile the other was so silly I regretted all the time I spent playing this gamethe way the world ended... despair? Seriosuly?But look at how much time people spent playing this game, it must be worth the money!The gameplay time is so high only because everything in this game is so slow. Almost every line of dialog is repeated multiple times, there's an uncountable number of gasps and ahhs and ohhs and so on. There's one scene near the end that is later repeated at least four times like if the game wasn't sure if the player has even a bit of a brain. The controls are also rather terrible (played with a controller).I don't care about all that, I just want to see people dieI, uh, have no answer to that. Go ahead, I guess."
76561198054384503,Recommended,413410,22365071,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Dottoman,"It's fun solving a mystery, finding yourself two steps ahead of the characters, then finding an important clue that smashes your theory.  The game is very good at being aware that the player is probably smarter than the characters within it."
,Recommended,413410,30918486,Posted: 3 April,all,Waterlily053,"I really loved playing this game, it kept me on my seat during the trials since I stayed away from spoliers for the game I would really recomend buying this game"
,Recommended,413410,32974333,Posted: 28 June,all,Fear_Sku11king,"Pros--Story is really great-Characters are unique and interesting to interact-Trials are very fun with a cast of great voice acting-Every case is a huge mystery-You'll feel the pain of loss of characters-You can go on dates-there is a ""School Mode"" you can learn more about your favorite character-great soundtrack-can look at artwork/music/characters in the menuCons--Some investigations take some time/ the trials feels like a loop-The capsule mini game can be inserted one at a time and might take a while for the right gifts-Some of the investigation may make you feel stuck if you miss one piece of evidence and you have click everything before moving on-The controls may feel weird at the begginning but you'll get used to it-some of the mechanics keep on adding on every case and should have been done in the 1st caseOverall-Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is one of those underground games that needs to be played. This will make you make you fear in a way of trying to see who's going to die and who's going to live. This game deserves to be played if you like playing similiar games such as the Ace Attonerney series, Persona, and Corpse Party"
,Recommended,413410,33073040,Posted: 1 July,all,Mr Rustles,Worth it
,Recommended,413410,26945634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cystenn,"OverviewI'd rather cut this review a bit short, as I tend to write lots for games I heavily enjoy.Danganronpa is currently my favorite VN game of all time and has been since 2010. You play as Naegi Makoto, the Super High School Level Lucky Student. As you approach Hope's Peak Academy, the world begins swirling. The next thing you know, you're trapped within the school along with 15 other students. The game then further develops into a killing game. Students must kill each other in order to leave the school which they're imprisoned in. After each death comes a trial, where you must figure out the killer. If the killer is not found, everyone, besides the killer, will have to pay the price. However, the killer being uncovered results in their execution.Going any deeper than this will lead onto spoilers.I'd like to give this game a 10/10, just because it has continued to hold my attention for the past 6 years. However, don't watch the anime first (or at all). It doesn't include most of the important details or the excitement of figuring out the killer yourself."
76561198054979142,Recommended,413410,24334968,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Wildberry Jam,"While I enjoy the story of this game (particularly some massive twists towards the end), I found the gameplay itself very slow and tedious at times - so much so that I preferred to read a summary of the story of the current sequels rather than play through them. I like puzzles, and I like logic, but this game used them in a way that slowed down the story and made it less compelling. I've ticked that I recommend this game, but that is only true with the condition that you are okay with playing a slow-paced game, and playing over a number of sittings over multiple days or weeks (there are 6 chapters, so about a day per chapter would make sense). The pace is really more like reading a book than playing a game (it is a visual novel, after all)."
,Recommended,413410,33658302,Posted: 19 July,all,Host of the Nightmare,"I was a little nervous buying both games feeling I might not really enjoy them as others do. To my surprise, this game exceeded my expectations and I could never be more grateful for it.I am more of a story person when it comes to games, so the gameplay does not really affect me in any specific way. I can say however, for being considered a visual novel it really draws you into the atmosphere of disparity. It seems strange at first, but once you're into the story you find yourself immersed in the closed walls of Hope's Peak Academy. The music suits the theme perfectly, and gives a little touch to what true insanity really can be perceived as. The best part is the characters themselves. They all have their role and does not seem out of place (even with ridiculous hairstyles and outfit choices). I really liked how they were able to apply what humans would do in a desperate situation like that, and the thought of betrayal from someone you considered a friend is the true feeling of disparity. If you are looking for a game that likes to mess with your head and gets you thinking, Danganronpa is truly a masterpiece !"
,Recommended,413410,32978184,Posted: 29 June,all,The Mad Doctor,"In short, if you like Time Zero, Ace Attorney, or any other VN with Detective/Court, you will have a blast.Each character has its own characteristics and personality.The music is uptight.The court room ""mini game"" is awesome, or repetitive to others.Oh, it has a school mode where you can have all the Wafui (which 90% of them die) you want.If you are still craving for some Ace Attorney game, this game I highly recommend to anyone. Just make sure you put the difficulty to ""mean"" for the maximum experience."
76561198000378204,Recommended,413410,22765865,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kyp,"Clearly a very good game, but also clearly not for everybody.What's to like:+ Very good story+ Engaging characters+ A lot of personality+ I really like when there's some gameplay in my visual novelsWhat's to dislike:- The chara-design won't please everyone (it's not bad, it's just very original). A matter of taste, really- This is a visual novel. What it means is that you'll be spending the vast majority of the game reading. Again, some people won't mind, others will hate- The pace is a bit slow. There's a bit too many flashbacks to moments you've already seen- In-game explanations of the gameplay aren't always clear- Some useless fan-serviceIf you don't have anyhting against reading and japanese drawings, do yourself a favor and play Danganronpa."
,Recommended,413410,21908453,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ObviouslyNotAce,I keep drinking bleach to forget about Ch. 2        10/10 would drink bleach again
76561198282287064,Recommended,413410,21896202,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,chiskthekiller66,"I love the game it has a amazing plot and funny and amazing characters, the gameplay is not that hard to understand so its really helpful for people like me who have not played on a computer or laptop before, the story itself is great in my opinion the thought of trying to figure it out before the game tells you who killed this person is amazing and chapter 3 shows a lot of what i mean by that if you don't give yourself a headache trying to solve them like thatTo make things short its a good game, the gameplay is simple and easy and i cant wait to finish playing it then wait for the second one to be released"
,Recommended,413410,27298632,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lyca,Best murder mystery party ever.
,Recommended,413410,24755883,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Giddii,Tried shooting words in real life.
,Recommended,413410,22257429,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bleak Moonlight,"The fact that I can't praise this game higher than a ""Yes"" is very upsetting.This game is an absolute masterpiece, I can't get enough of CSI (Crime Scene Investigation) and this was such a great game to compliment my interest in that show. Danganronpa has a lot more story depth behind it and all of the events all lead to one canonical timeline which I found to be very pleasing.I enjoy this game so much, and you would be crazy not to give it a go yourself if you enjoy Murder Mystery or similar genres."
,Recommended,413410,34553994,Posted: 28 August,all,Jaedia,"Not perfect, there were a couple of story points that made me cringe a little, and some that I didn't feel were explained quite well enough, but on the whole Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a visual novel with an amazing story, and a bizarre but fun little courtroom feature. Personally, I give it 8/10 and would totally play it again."
,Recommended,413410,25680739,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Pixelbuster,"A great port on top of an already fantastic game, I'm not really into visual novel games but this is one of my absolute favorites.Tons of great characters, superb music and an engaging story and gameplay from beginning to end. So what are you waiting for? Pull the trigger and get this game already"
76561198050677594,Recommended,413410,21325165,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Bolognesse,"Not owning a ps vita myself, i first played dangan ronpa long ago on an emulator with an english patch and freaken enjoyed the hell out of it, now i can finally get to beat it all over again on steam!Best story ever and all characters are kewl"
,Recommended,413410,21374965,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"Forget about Determination, let's be filled with Despair instead!"
,Recommended,413410,21305854,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,｜Tiny Typhlosion Level 13｜,"I've seen this game before but It's wonderful to be able to play it myself.  But there is one little thing that bugs me.  I don't know if it's the game or my laptop but the text box seems to glitch some when charcters are talking.  But that glitch doesn't brake anything.  It's still a very wonderful game.Update: (After update where the text and such where fixed)After the game was patched the trails were fixed, stuff from the backdrop clipping on the text fixed, and the text flickering glitches were fixed also.  I was able to beat the game and enjoy it and it's amazing story.  If you like mystery games and like solving murderes this game is just for you."
76561198067942547,Recommended,413410,21303179,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ebravs,"This game... This game is amazing. I borrowed the vita version from a friend but I loved the game so much I had to buy it for myself. Well worth the pricetag IMO. Also I would like to add that from my experience with the game on vita, and on pc, this is actually a really well done port aside from the text being a bit blurry but I was able to overlook this. Lastly, I am playing with keyboard and mouse and I actually think I like it a bit more than the vita controls."
,Recommended,413410,21346937,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Headline™,"I've played this game since it was first released on the PS Vita a few years ago. Seeing it here on PC, gives a new and cooler look to the game. Not to mention, it seems to run much smoother on the PC then it does on the Vita.The storyline and amazing mysteries are amazing to follow as you go around and solve the murders at the academy. The 1st person walk around is sweet since you get to walk around the academy more and more as you solve more mysteries. You get to even build relationships with the other students in the academy and learn about there back stories.Those who've not gotten far and given up on playing it, have no idea what they are missing. A Superb story, amazing 2-D/ 3-D graphics, and awesome class trials. Can you solve the mystery of Hope's Peak Academy or will you fall and die in the death game of despair?10/10"
,Recommended,413410,21310125,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,kattobinguhope,"I've played through all three games available on the Vita and beat them all. I love them, so I was hyped to get this one too! The anime fails in comparison to the game. I'd recommend at least watching a playthrough if you can't afford the game before watching the anime. It's... okay, but nothing compared to the game. Great characters, great voice actors (both dubbed and subbed, I personally prefer dubbed, especially Monokuma's VA), great story, great everything! It got me into visual novel games, as well I usually don't like violent games like these. So that's saying something. 100/10"
76561198211672488,Recommended,413410,21669615,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,averycanada,Now remember guys the iron rule of Danganronpa series :1. Do not love any characters2. Do not make any ships
,Recommended,413410,28898231,Posted: 1 January,all,Brandon4108,"If you like the Pheonix Wright games and 999, you owe it to yourself to check this one out."
,Recommended,413410,21405335,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Acceptable Ghost,I can safely say you should pull the trigger.
,Recommended,413410,22068286,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Saberia.Aria,Kuma :3
,Recommended,413410,34717965,Posted: 3 September,all,videogame master,i've seen the true face of despairand it was absolutely nuts
,Recommended,413410,21373570,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,UnknownDepth,This game is life. It remind me of the days of playing Nine Door Person Live Doors.Plus it was cool people.11/10 it has a trap or does it.Just play it and enjoy it.The stroy is good so just buy it.The story pulls you in with it's great stroy telling. Keep you in the edge of the sit.
,Recommended,413410,21549686,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Shirsh,"*Ding dong bing bong*ehm ehm....this is a school announcement. It is now 10 p.m. that means officially NIGHTTIME.The doors of the dining hall will be locked, so the access is strictly prohibited.Sweet dreams everyone! Good night, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite.*Ding dong bing bong*a dead body has been discovered!"
,Recommended,413410,34989816,Posted: 16 September,all,Ruby ♥,"Well, hello there. Before we go any further i want to say that this is not a normal Review. It is a story. A story on how i became a hypocritical monster... And it contains spoilers for Chapter 1.And so it begins:I've been someone who just straight up hated Anime and everything that has anything to do with it. I've been laughing about friends who've been liking that and was disgusted just seeing Japanese Animations. Then i played a game named ""NieR: Automata"" And i really liked it. I was able to talk myself out of the truth being like ""This is not Anime...I'm only playing this one Japanese Game.""Couple Months later....Summer Sale. And there it was. Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc. It wasnt just any innocent Japanese or slight Anime game. It was that kind who seemed to be the worst of the worst: Visual Novels. But it seemed interesting. I bought it. I waited until it was night, made myself comfortable and turned on this game. And well, i didn't ♥♥♥♥ing like it at all...But i kept going for the first few hours to check if it would get better. That one Character, Sayaka Maizono was one of the Reasons i hated it at the beginning. She was so cute and being like ""AW I WANNA BE YOUR PERSONAL ASSISTANT"" i was about to puke on my desk. But then it happened....Our Protagonist Makoto Naegi checks his shower, and he sees Maizono with a Knife in the Stomache laying there. That made me interested. And then finding out why and how she got killed, actually made me sad. At the end of Chapter 1 i was completely enchanted.The End:This game changed me, and i am very happy i found this.Makoto is a piece of sh*t tho.Hagakure is the real hero, i'm sure of it."
,Recommended,413410,23930411,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dekudeku,"""Do you recommend this game?""Is space big?Just a heads up: Both games are on sale on Steam AND Humble Bundle (weekend of 9/23). Check the prices in both shops if you care about saving a slight amount of dosh."
,Recommended,413410,21845994,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Humasexuality,"Knew next to♥♥♥♥♥♥going into this and fell in love like holy Fudge. Can't wait for DR2 on pc in april. I loved the game so much i bought a monokuma kigarumi, dont read a lot of the reveiws, they are filled with spoilers, you will cry anyway."
76561198079765426,Recommended,413410,23945457,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shadowwzrd,"Just A Fantastic Game In General, Note It Does Have A Slow Start but Once You Get To The First Trial The Game Picks Up Pace, Also This game will Make You Think About What Move You Need To Make Next On The Highest Difficulty. Music is Great, Pick It Up And Support The Developers. Lastly Do Not Look Up Anything About Or Watch The Anime Of The Game As It Can Spoil Some Of The Major Plot Twists In The Game. WARNING: Be Prepared To Do A Lot Of Reading And Paying Attention, In Order To Recall Information Later In The Game"
,Recommended,413410,22343708,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Monokhrome,"What can I say that hasn't been said before abour Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc? What else is there besides the colorful cast filled with deep, complex, funny and engaging characters, the heavy atmosphere, or the perfect execution of the gameplay?  Not much really, besides pick it up and play it."
76561198104361836,Recommended,413410,22349308,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Inappropriate Erection,Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc story is very complex and compelling that it will draw you in and take you for a ride from the moment you enter Hope Academy to the moment you discover the horrifying secrets that the walls of the school holds for you and your fellow classmates/potential threats. Characters are very rememberable including Monokuma.
,Recommended,413410,22351452,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,OMNOMSUSHI,Had me hooked by the end of the first case all the way to the ending. Each chapter was more intense than the last as I prayed that my favorite characters would stay alive.
,Recommended,413410,30116007,Posted: 23 February,all,❝Teddie❞,"You know for a game with pink blood, a strange bromance, ""Truth"" bullets which would probably be concidered illegal in some countries and an animatronic bear with a tendency to kill people it's pretty nice and calm.Until someone dies... or something happens... I mean on the plus side someone gets slapped and that's always fun."
,Recommended,413410,31062259,Posted: 10 April,all,Barely Competitive,"In a lot of ways, It feels like a stripped down Persona and a stripped down Ace Attorney game taped together, and it works. It doesnt do either part quite as well as those games, but having the two pieces together does create something that captivated me for the most part. The game manages to be both serious and funny at the same time, has a great cast of characters and some interesting mysteries to solve.Its' biggest flaw would probably be that the game is too easy. The only really dificult parts are when you need to make a leap of logic that doesnt quite make sense - but even then these can be brute forced by simply repeating the section and picking each possible answer in a row.It's certainly a good game for anyone who is interested in a linear narrative experiance, or if you're like me and like trying to piece together the mysteries before the game gets around to spelling them out for you."
76561198130102465,Recommended,413410,21877841,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,CSGOnecro.com MrGetShook,Pros:donutsinteresting plotinteresting charactersgives me da feelsCons:anybody I care about diesno sprinkled donutsdrink bleach after each trial10/10 would give into despair again
,Recommended,413410,31840648,Posted: 19 May,all,Nagito's Unlucky Daughter,";The first VN I found myself actually enjoying, to the point where I was so invested in the story and the characters being thrust into our faceholes. From being pissy at someone that I don't necessarily agree with the ideals of to actually crying at certain characters' deaths.;The story itself is pretty simple, but the plot twist at the end was pretty obvious given how the game starts.;Dialogue is beautifully written, from emotional setpieces to monokuma using emoticons at one point. Has moments that made me bust a gut laughing, and moments where I wrenched in sadness crying. Truly the mark of somewhat good dialogue and story development, even if I do think the story overall is a liiiiiittle cliche.;Gameplay was surprisingly vast, with ongoing debates you have to interact with, minigames while solving logic puzzles and a very Ace Attourney ""present your evidence"" way of also moving on the class trial.;The actual killings in the game were very very interesting, save for the first one. The first was so obviously solved that I was legitimately facepalming at the stupidity of everyone in that trial room.;Interactions through Free Time were very fun, I loved getting to know the characters I hated and loved alike, it was a nice way to get myself more acquainted with them.;100%'ing this game actually wasn't that bad, save for the Monokuma machine. It's been a very long time, however, since i've actually enjoyed getting 100% in a game. Or even wanted to.;School Mode as an added bonus for beating the main campaign is a lovely addition to people who wanted more of the game itself. It lets you interact with characters and fill in report cards that you missed, as well as add new interactions through Trip Tickets and getting to play a dating sim with characters dead and living canonically alike.I played this game for 3 days straight once I first booted it up. I loved it that much, and I went so far as to 100% it. I'd say it's definitely worth your time if you want a story to play through, investigations to figure out and characters to get close to before they get mercilessly slaughtered one by one. :^)"
,Recommended,413410,31106098,Posted: 12 April,all,虹音|Rein,"Pros:-Extremely awesome gameplay-Awesome story-Awesome music-Long gameplay (Worth it for the price)Cons:-GraphicsOverall: 9.5/10This is my first game that was deeply involved into uncovering mysteries throughout the school. Also with the main objective of the game to solve murder cases within the class. The entire game is filled with tons of twists. If you are interested in in danganronpa, I advise you to play the game first than watching the anime. Overall the game is extremely awesome and would recommended it so much!"
76561198264106154,Recommended,413410,23917121,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,K.Carnival,"A friend and I joke that everyone has a favorite game which they have never played. For the longest time, Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc was mine. I'd watched the Let's Plays and seen the anime adaptation but never played it since I don't own a PSP or Vita. When It came to Steam, I was stoked.I simply love this franchise: the unique characters, thrilling story, and the art theme which the creators have described as ""psycho pop."" Fans of mystery and survival genres will expecially enjoy. The story keeps you hooked and interested in who will kill, who will be killed, and who will survive.  As a brief idea, most of the game is like a visual novel with point-and-click aspects and some problem-solving/puzzles and aiming during trials. The game plays fine with the keyboard and mouse but, near the end, I tried it with a controller and enjoyed it more, particularly during nonstop debates when manuvering with a mouse didn't seem all that smooth.No game is perfect but I enjoy Danganronpa enough to say 10/10."
,Recommended,413410,23903235,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DANNY,"Great story, characters, twists, thrills, and interaction.It reminds me of Ace Attorney except super twisted.Love it."
,Recommended,413410,24197922,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dreamcatcher,"Puhuhuhuhu! Hope or despair, which side will win?If you like some unBEARable jokes, mystery, investigating, murder, people dying, pink blood, a pervert bear, likeable (or not) characters (the variety is good), surprises, trials, solving things.... WHY HAVEN'T YOU PLAYED IT YET?Con: You'll keep thinking about bear jokes, hearing some sounds of the game and dreaming with it. At least, it happened with me.Important note(s): don't see spoilers or watch the anime before playing it, it'll make the game easier and less surprising. Well, but I watched the anime first and still loved the game. And I don't speak English. And watch the thing after the credits. Seriously. And I took too many unconscious screenshots. And this game is full of psychological horror being full of jokes at the same time. And you'll love and hate it. And it'll fill you with despair. Aren't you feeling it yet? Just keeping looking and hearing that strange bear and you'll be full of it. Despair will consume you. ♥(but seriously, if you like visual novels, anime/manga art style and solving mysteries, play it. you'll only have to BEAR with some horrific and disturbing things. like... the human beings.)"
,Recommended,413410,31850591,Posted: 19 May,all,An Anime Nerd,"I personally believe that this game has one of the most creative concepts that I've seen in a while. I got introduced to the game via the manga, so I just had to play it. I certainly wasn't disappointed. With beautiful music from Masafumi Takada to accompany a riveting story is just a wonder to see. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a visual novel rich in story and not overwhelmed by sexual imagery like a majority I've played. Only complaints are the PC controls are  a little weird and that Yasuhiro Hagakure is a somewhat useless character.As quoted from Twinfinite: ""Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is one of the best visual novels you’ll play.""http://twinfinite.net/2016/02/danganronpa-trigger-happy-havoc-pc-review/"
,Recommended,413410,29175279,Posted: 10 January,all,ANdre,"I really do recommend this game. If you're the kind of person thats into murder mystery genre or you're just weird and like seeing people die. I was one of the unfortunate souls to watch the anime first rather than playing the game, which of course was a big mistake. I highly suggest that you (pleaseeeee) PLAY THE GAME FIRST!! The anime leaves out so much information and details compared to the game that I think are really important on how everything is figured out, a perfect example are the class trials.The school mode is pretty interesting too. The mode starts the same way as the normal story but Monokuma's opening speech is a bit different since instead of talking about everyone killing each other, he forces you guys to help make his other models because apparently he forgot to make them. You basically have to assign roles to each of the students just to go gather materials to help Monokuma on his next model and if you don't do them in the timeframe, you fail the model and just move on to the next one. After every cycle of collecting materials, you get some free time just like the main story and that will help you build better relationships with the other students and it's a great help if you couldn't talk to the students during the story and learn more about them.If I had to say, I give this game a 9.5/10. I like games that have a very long story and take a while to complete since I'm the type of person that doesn't want to get bored of the game's story after like,a few hours. I love Danganronpa as a whole, what I mean by that I mean everything about Danganronpa and it's a really good way to pass some time. I was 17 hours in (with a few pauses in-game) and the game had the nerve to tell me that I was halfway through. Well that's enough for me, whoever got to this point, I hope you enjoyed my review and hopefully you decide to get this game. Only problem I have is that it's 30$ it should at least be 20$ with 25$ being the most but I got it when it was on sale for 17$ :p"
,Recommended,413410,32833741,Posted: 26 June,all,The Seth Rokage,Every woman i loved either died or had a weiner. 10/10 would blue ball again
76561198136027140,Recommended,413410,29402618,Posted: 21 January,all,RA Ranno,"First VN I ever played, and I beleive it's a good start.Gameplay: Danganronpa offers a few gameplay mechanics to keep it from being just a text reader (Though don't expect any challenge. You can litterly retry on the spot if you manage to fail on anything.) The game also offers collectible items through a currency. They are used in side events, but beyond that they're really just an excuse for a grindy achievement (I have all of them, so I am excused to dub it as such.)Story: Danganronpa takes a base of your typical horror murder scenario where evil bad guy traps innocent people in an enclosed environment and kills them off through out of the box methods (being the killing motives.) But it's the fantasy and colorful flavors that Danganronpa mixes in that make it as great as it is. Danganronpa will bring you through an odd adventure involving not just murder and drama, but also cheesy heroes and silly characters. The executions, the sudden character transformations, the humor thrown in at every corner, and the pink blood all sorta mix into a unique paint that's splashed all over the story concept. Though I will complain that the MC's thoughts tend to be drawn out for text count increase, and certain segements of some of the trials are a little too pointless (Even though characters make note of how pointless they are, pointless is still pointless.) But put aside the flaws, Danganronpa's story is a great one to take seriously, but also light heartedly at the same time.Side content: Danganronpa gives you chances to engage in extra scenes to learn more about the other characters. This was a great addition to make up for the lack of story choices in my opinion. It's also nice that the extra events will unlock skills to support you in the main story. And don't worry about not completing all the side events. Upon completing the game you will have the chance to see any you missed, as well as play a fun extra mode. But I won't get into detail on that for the sake of avoiding spoilers. However do keep in mind that if you plan on collecting everything or seeing every possible side event, it can get grindy. About half of my gameplay hours were probably spent doing all this.Price: Ehhh, 30$ isn't the worst price I've seen for a VN, but I would advise wishlisting it until a sale comes around for the sake of saving money. Especially if you plan to buy the 2nd game as well.Do I recommend it?: Danganronpa is one of those games where if you like the way it looks, you'll probably love it. If you dislike VN's, stay far away. If you want to give VNs a try, then I say go for it because it's a good game to start with it in my opinion. And obviously if you love mystery stories, then get it bro!"
76561197989607845,Recommended,413410,28957098,Posted: 2 January,all,{D}rag00n,"This game is basically THE game to the people that wants a story heavy game but isn't a only text game. But how can a visual novel not be a text only game? Well, thats because the game manages to fit so much story but at the same time so much tension, so much immersion, almost like a claustrophobic space where you feel like you are really trapped alongside the characters, making it the perfect game for who thinks visual novels are too slow or too text heavy to read. The characters are just ""normal"" enough for you to believe its possible to exist but so unique to the point u also feel like you really are in Hope's peak academy, the school for the ""ultimate"" students, where everyone has a special skill that surpasses any other person in the world, meanwhile you have to endure with the main character, who is much more on the normal side, this mysterious and envolving world filled with these colourful people, a colourful bear villain and a completely dark environment to discover the truth about what happened the moment you stepped in the school. PS: spoilers are everywhere, please dont search anything anywhere, i'm talking about even the music and the characters wiki page."
,Recommended,413410,23754782,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,grandpa genocide,"i highly recommend this game, as said by other people it is a mixture of the ace attorney games and battle royale, along with its own unique features, such as being able to walk around the map in a 3d environment rather than your average point and click game. the trial system is also extremely fun"
,Recommended,413410,23716558,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tallcat,"Good story. Good characters. I like the Ace Attorney crime scene examination stuff. I hated the court room stuff, but the cutscene at the end of each made it all worth it."
,Recommended,413410,21913030,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Lyralei,"I have watched the anime and played completely through the second one, currently working on Ultra Dispair Girls. When they say that the game adds so much more character devolpment than the anime, they are 100% right and inNO WAY should anime be a substitute for the game!To say Danganronpa is a visual novel is an understatement. I mean it is, but there is so much interaction than simply reading and making choices. The Danganronpa franchaise is a mystery itself, still being unraveled by the community (or at least the English part, anyways). If you've ever played 999 or Zero's Escape: Virtue's Last Reward, you will very much like DR:THH.Danganronpa is a cross between Battle Royale (if you haven't seen it, I recommmend it) and Pheonix Wright (again, I recommend the series). The included summary of this game on its store page is pretty much all you need to know without spoiling anything. I would HIGHLY recommend you play with the Japanese audio since, in my opinion, the English is like nails on a chalkboard, especially Monokuma's.Overall, I'm incredibly happy this got a PC port and I'm thrilled to play it on my Steam Link! Solid 9/10 game"
,Recommended,413410,22307168,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Kanaev,"The game is goofy with over the top humor and often forces something silly on purpose, but at the same time it dives in some dark areas which can make anyone cringe. It has clever and interesting story as well as great murder cases full of mystery and suspense.In some cases it's too easy, sometimes it's hard. You can solve everything by yourself, but even if you're lagging behind - the game will torrent you into the right stream of thought.It's a locked-room mystery in vacuum. We've got colourful cast, our ""locked room"" situation and means of killing, as well as motivation for it. Just what I love."
,Recommended,413410,34686129,Posted: 2 September,all,Funa,"Danganronpa is a game that is 95% reading, it's more like an interactive visual novel than an game, but if you're like me and does not care about that fact whatsoever, it's a very enjoyable game.It plays very similar to the Ace Attorney games, in case you don't know these, they are about a lawyer that has to solve a murder and find out the culprit, this game is almost exactly like that, only differing on the context and on the mechanics, i say it's  similar because it plays something like this: a group of people are stuck on a school enviroment and the only way for them to escape is to commit a murder and get away with it, the getting away with it part is where it gets complicated, because a trial takes place and all the other people need to find out who actually killed someone, of course, in the game you don't kill no one, you're more like an detective than anything else. There's of course, a plot behind the things that happen on the game and it's very interesting too. Overall, it's a fun, interesting visual novel with trial elements on it, and i liked it a lot."
76561198042153535,Recommended,413410,23073045,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,hlewolf,"An adorable mystery that is the spawn of Battle Royale and Ace Attorney with a lovable mascot to boost.Cute setting, Fun mysteries, Likeable terrible people,"
,Recommended,413410,29547392,Posted: 28 January,all,Ksempac,"Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney meets Battle Royale in this weird but good game.Danganronpa is a bonkers game, in both good and bad ways, but a style that immediately tell you it's a pure product of the Japanese game industry.On the bad side, like many Japanese games, it starts extremely slow, with dialogs that could be cut by 70% without losing a single important part. But on the good side, once the story finally gets going and you get control of your character, things take shape and the game heads for something awesome.15 students trapped in a school. The only way to get out ? Kill someone, without anyone figuring out you did it. And thus start the investigation aspect of the game. In a way reminiscing of Phoenix Wright, but that is much more mature, and has a much better execution, you need to gather clues, and then use them to win during a ""trial"" phase.I enjoyed theses trials which are way more dynamic and makes more sense than the ponderous Ace Attorney's story. They don't try to go for shock value, there is no unexpected turn around/hidden clue that is suddenly revealed, everything makes sense from the clues you get during your investigation.The one major thing that will surprise you is the way you will use theses clues. The trials are a succession of action phases that are weird mini games. It doesn't make sense at first, but once you get over your surprise and understand how they work, they keep things more dynamic than what the endless dialogs you usually get during visual novels.However, Danganronpa still fall into that ""endless pointless dialogs"" trap outside the trial. This is probably the major failing of the game, with the ""school life"" aspect of it trying to drag forever...it is however not critical as once you figure out how things work and how the dialog go, you can fast forward through most of the cruft and only focus on the good parts.Finally I want to give a big thumbs up to the English voice actors, who really flesh out their characters, with several of them giving top notch performances.So while not perfect, Danganronpa is definitely unique, fun and engaging, and I highly recommend you to play it."
76561198246740520,Recommended,413410,29729919,Posted: 5 February,all,germin97,"Danganronpa is a great franchise.I first discovered it on Youtube, and I watched a let's play of it from Cinnamontoastken. I immediately continued with his let's play of the sequel. Afterwards I watched all the anime of it, and then watched Minx play the games. When I saw this game on sale, together wth the sequel, I knew I had to buy it.The game has a great story, combined with great humor (mostly in the form of a certain bear). The game throws you around quite some twists, and can be very intense during class trials. The beauty of the game is that everything makes so much sense when you know the solution, but if you don't it all confuses you so much.The characters are great, if somewhat extreme. They fit together perfectly, and you will care about people when they die.I just love the art style, although it's a bit simplistic.If you're up for a murder mystery, combined with a huge amount of humor and a dating simulator (that's what people compare ""free time"" to), you should seriously buy this."
76561198131745609,Recommended,413410,35316094,Posted: 29 September,all,Fishy,Ruined my sleeping schedule. 10/10
,Recommended,413410,21428190,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,торенхайр,"Absolutely incredible. Easily in my top 10 games of all time. I don't think I've ever wanted to buy a game for every single person I know, quite like this one. It's like a Visual Novel mix and mash of Phoenix Wright, Persona, and its own variations and quirks on the genre. At first I thought the twists and cases would end up predictable, but once you get through the first case (basically an unlabeled tutorial case) things get way crazy, and crazier and twistier as you progress through the game.I thought the 5-10 minute choice timers were a bit on the long side until some of the later cases where I really had to sit there and think about it and work it out in my head for fear of losing one of my precious hearts.Basically, the more hours that you spend in this game, the more you will love it. It only gets better. On top of that, most people consider the 2nd game (coming out on steam as well, by the say) an improvement over the first and I can't even wrap my brain around that because I am totally in love with this game.Also, the music is pretty dang boopin. The OST included is typical of an OST accompanied release, it's missing a lot of the songs, so you'll have to find your favorites elsewhere, but wow they NAILED the soundtrack here.I'm sad that steam only lets me give one thumbs up and not two."
,Recommended,413410,31361612,Posted: 25 April,all,sammomy,"Look at the reviews, I'm clearly the outsider here which means I'm probably the wrong person to play this game.Danganronpa is a Visual Novel, it sometimes pretends to be a puzzle-game, an adventure or a thriller/horror game,but measured against decent games of those genres, it will fall flat on it's face.The game isn't coy about this at all. It will remind you again and again about stuff that happened and you willdarn well complete a room or you won't leave. And if the game tells you to go to place x, you WILL go to place xand don't even think about going to the bathroom first.You can't shortcut a ""puzzle"", which means that although you know how a crime was done from A to Z because you actually read all the bullets and thought about it before starting the trial, you will have to jump through the loops as required, which means sometimes picking choices you know are wrong and it choosing becomes hit and miss because the correct and shortest path is unavailable.At one point I thought I came across a bug as a characterasked me something and I had 2 equally valid choices (outside the trial, just talking), but the conversation only wanted to move forward until I choose the second and I wondered what was the use of giving me a choice anyway.But...Does Danganronpa suck ? Nope. It's sometimes hilarious, sometimes annoying, let's you play around as much as possible without giving you control. It has an enormous amount of content and is never, ever boring. The writing won't win the next pulitzer price and the characters are all extremes so unless you have special feelings for cardboard cutouts, any emotional attachement is buried safely. In the end, it's a bit like the muppets invaded the set of ""A few good men"".I'll recommend this one and ""not recommend"" the follow-up which has unbelievably sloppy writing and a plot/story that betrays a complete lack of imagination, writing talent or even character building. Yup, it's terrible and you keep hoping for something good to appear. I'm not wasting a review on that -censored-.Did I enjoy my time with Danganronpa:trigger havoc ?:yes. Do I think it is a good game ?: no. Does that make sense ?: no Do I care ?: read the -censored-"
,Recommended,413410,21466801,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,iLLness LiLin,lord of the flies : danganronpaul PC edition
,Recommended,413410,21506399,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Val,Despair.
76561198038530688,Recommended,413410,27933244,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DrunkDead,Chihiro Fujisaki best grill eva made.. 4
,Recommended,413410,22406170,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Elsie (LCL),It's a really good port.It's a really good game.Go buy it.
76561198213074832,Recommended,413410,23735293,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jaguar Potato,Danganronpa is a fun game about solving a murder that was commited by one of your friends after you investagate you will have a class trial where you find out who the killer is. Also did a mention your weapons are your OWN WORDS. It has not only fun gameplay but a intersting story
,Recommended,413410,23950198,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Hank,Murder Mystery game set out like a VN with point and click style investigations and other gameplay elements for courtcases.Solid writing with great antagonist characters you'll genuinely hate and some excellent swerves.Great soundtrack too.Definitely recommend.
76561198079061265,Recommended,413410,23655262,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ashcroft,Mix of Ace Attorney and Hunger Games. Simply Great.
,Recommended,413410,24163551,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Luminous,"Boy this is a hard review to write. I love this game but at the same time have so much wrong with it, even more-so than positives. (skip to the bottom for the Tl;Dr)Starting with a brief look at the positives, the art design is fantastic, like, really, considering there really isn't all that much variation in location, there is enough color and character that the game is just a joy to look at.The story is great, but the writing is awful (explained later on). They create the right blend of humor and progression keeping a pretty fluid pace to the game. Hell despite how much I hate the writing the way they make you care about the characters, even I can't fault thatR.I.P Sakura =(.MOST of the voice acting is pretty decent, which is quite refreshing to see for a dub (played in English not Japanese). That being said naturally there are a few voices which make you want to tear your hair out (though in comparison is flawless compared to the anime which is awful voice acting).The soundtrack is one of the best anime soundtracks I've heard and for the most part fits in well with each part of the story, even if it means putting in new music for just a few sentences.The game-play, again for the most part (I'll come back to this) is pretty solid, progressing through the story opens up chances to get to know the classmates more and allows you to have a stronger connection to the characters as it progresses. The class trials are a lot of fun too, usually keeping it quite high tempo forcing you to stay focused and offering plenty of variety adding new elements with each trial making it so the game-play doesn't feel stale.Now for the bad.The writing, holy hell is the writing awful. Which really isn't a good thing for a game that is very story/text heavy. For the most part the story is incredibly predictable (though I wont deny there are one or two curve balls that threw me off) making a lot of the 'who-dunnits' boring and obvious. For examplewhen Monokuma brings out money as a motivation for a murder its no surprise its the gambler that becomes the next murderer.At the same time its not just predictable it can also be absurdly stupid. One thing I was never able to let go with the first casewas when checking the crime scene your character finds some odd 'numbers' behind the victim when anyone with half a braincell can see its a name written backwards. They even ask the programmer what the 'numbers' mean but even they are like 'no clue'. I refuse to believe someone can be the 'Ultimate Programmer' and cant even see these 'numbers' is a flipped name.The poor writing leads the game to be far too easy for someone who's played plenty of murder/trial/investigation games and there was only one instance I can think of where I failed a trial but that was due to learning the mechanics as opposed to not knowing what to do/say. Though if nothing else the cliffhanger of an ending does pretty much force you to continue to play the second game to find out what happened.The characters are also incredibly generic. While they flourish in design due to their 'Ultimate' ability they are all given a stereotypical look for said ability. Hell I haven't played much of the second one yet but I've seen enough of the characters to know that a lot of them have far too many similarities to characters from the first (but that doesn't really belong in this review). Another issue is A lot of things that happen through-out the game make most of these characters hard to believe sometimes. Like how your character goes from a total dim-wit to a super-sleuth after just a few trials is ridiculous. Or how a certain characterYasuhiro Hagakureis easily one of the most stupid and aggravating characters yet somehow can survive this whole killing game.Going back to game-play, there are somethings which just don't feel like they fit. Like the gifting presents to class-mates to 'make them happy' is completely useless, only there for you to progress in their report card, which in reality might as well just be updated after each free-period 'hang-out' anyway.Even though it isn't bad per-say, the investigation portions of each chapter is dull. There are so many other better ways of making the investigation feel more engaging and actually feel like an investigation. To be fair its a similar investigation tool to the Phoenix Wright games only taking out the difficulty. By opening the map you can see the rooms with points of interest and quite often they won't even let you leave the room if you haven't done everything therefor making it impossible to miss something causing you to... y'know, investigate.As for the class trial, for the most part like I said its solid, however there were 2 parts of it which bugged me. The hang-mans gambit was stupid. It was painfully easy and provided no usefulness what-so-ever. The real kicker though was the 'Bullet Time Battle'. While the music to this mini-game was really good and the tempo increases the further in you got was fun, the main-issue was the talking. Oh my god its just nothing but that character saying the same 3-4 lines every second which no matter which language you used, is annoying beyond belief. The tempo itself didn't change enough for the mini-game to be fun in general however meaning the later the trial, the longer your sitting there hitting the same 2 buttons for too long as their voice grates into your ear.This ones more of a nit-pick but I personally wasn't a fan of the pink blood thing. I get that its in the art-style and it really does fit it well but honestly it just really didn't do it for me. Even more so when you come across a room smothered in blood, and its red. Like really come on please have some consistency if nothing else.Tl;Dr, So yeah, the game, for me at least has SO many faults, from bad writing to useless/boring game-play mechanics, hell, in reality to me there are far more faults than positives to this game for me but there is something about it, some charm that it has that makes me love it anyway.  I  seriously think that anyone who's into murder mystery games or anime in general should play it, otherwise you might have a hard time getting around the writing alone."
,Recommended,413410,23026003,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Wiggles,Masterpiece
,Recommended,413410,23213386,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,EVERfreeLIZZY,Definatly a game worth playing. a very srory based game with a fun mini game for the best fans
,Recommended,413410,23046356,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Burbs_,The best way I can describe this game is a combo between Ace Attorney and Zero Escape and even that doesn't live to tell the tale. Wonderful experience of a game. Pick it up if you can; it's worth every cent.10/10
,Recommended,413410,21340318,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,haku,"Thanks for bringing this madness to PC. Looking forward to playing the Super Danganronpa 2 on PC, too!"
76561198202097828,Recommended,413410,21340674,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DodieHuskyLover,Danganronpa trigger happy havoc is officaly THE BEST GAME EVER!!! 1000/10Danganronpa is murder mystry game and anime seiris. PLAY THIS BEFORE YOU WATCH THE ANIME. The anime did a good job at bundling this in to a 13 episode anime.But when you play this it anseres a whole lot of questions and is a great lenghthed game it has amazing plot twists and charater desiens and an amazing soundtrack devolped by the best people ever.This game was developed by Spike Chunsoft. There is a Japanese voice option and an English voice option with english subtitles. PLAY IT NOW
,Recommended,413410,21345728,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,üc207Pr4f5t9,Great story
,Recommended,413410,21356481,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Riley,My precious waifuLost her really good laifuTo a sharp knaifu
,Recommended,413410,28861038,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Putting fun in funeral.,"I teared up at the end of this.I've never cried during a game, not once, ever.A lot of games these days are just timekillers, and while that can be a good thing, danganronpa should go down as at LEAST a cult classic, somehing to show that storytelling in games isn't dead, and seeing the trailer for the new game in the series coming out in 2017 was just the christmas miracle I hoped for, please, do yourself a favor, and while it's on sale for about half off, purchase this masterpiece."
,Recommended,413410,29344692,Posted: 18 January,all,Orlanis (TARS),"Fantastic story and characters, although some were not as fleshed out as others. I beat the game in about 25 hours, although I did not use all periods of free time between narrative events.Fan service felt minimal and that made me pretty happy. All the artwork is really good, although the presentation of the interior of Hope's Peak (in the portions of Wolfenstein-like hallway navigating) lacked style.Overall: very much worth the time. It's a blast."
76561198041940108,Recommended,413410,32852726,Posted: 27 June,all,Monomaru,Despair inducingly good
,Recommended,413410,21631834,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dinoxe,10/10 everyone should play it
,Recommended,413410,21305251,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mew,"Danganronpa is a great game, and this port really does it justice. It looks great, it controls great, it plays great. If you enjoy stylish games with great stories (and maybe Ace Attorney series), you should definitely check this game out."
76561198061342438,Recommended,413410,21413456,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,jamesrg84,"Awesom story, trials are fun plus fully voiced. Loveable cutesy (albeit disturbed) mascot.  phuhuhuhu"
76561198037723085,Recommended,413410,21303819,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Rucks,"I already played through the game on pstv (psvita mini console)In short: Its a really cool fast-paced Ace Attorney.In not so short: Its a interessting written story which holds up with the amount of characters.If you read the description and thought the plot sounds like one of these battle royal games or films like Day-Z or Hunger Games, its not!Its more of a visual novel/Text-Adventure game with detectiv - point and click elements.It has some bare life sim elements in which you can interact with every character to learn more about them while the story countinues.If you like games like the new telltale adventure series, than you should have a look for this game.Although this comparison is pretty strange, if you liked the feel of these games, to interactivly play a story and experience the moments when♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real or when the heartbreaking moments appear, then this thing is for you. And i'm pretty sure you won't forget this game for a whileBe cautious of course that this game is a lot more dialog heavy/text based than these adventure games, and over the uniqe anime style which not everyone likes.Fully recommendation to visual novel - ace attorney fansWatch out that you don't spoil the game for yourself when you look it up on google or something. The fanbase is pretty big and you can easily be spoild by the auto fill option about which charakters dies or the diffrent ""Executions"".(Sorry for my weird english, my grammar is pretty bad)"
,Recommended,413410,21368127,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MonoKumani,ChunSoft did a great job transfering this over from the Vita...I would reccomend this to anyone who likes mystery!!!!!
,Recommended,413410,21380078,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Terramite,"This game ate up 21 hours of my weekend, it was totally worth and I'd love to see the rest of the series come to steam. Granted the port's not perfect but it's good enough, I didn't have many problems with it aside from one or two tiny graphical errors."
76561198207794685,Recommended,413410,21391273,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Xenobound,"Trigger Happy Havoc Dangan Ronpa is finally out in a way more people will be able to play it. I think this game is fantastic and deserves a playthrough. It is a visual novel, so don't think your going to be getting more gameplay then story here. But for what the game is, thats fine. Especially cause the story its telling is such an intersting one. I won't spoil much at all, but you are a highschool student who just got put into the most prestigious school basically ever. But things aren't as awesome as youd think, things turn for the worst withing minutes. And thats your setting for the game.The story is super intiguing and takes a ton of turns that I can, with 100% certainty say, you won't expect. The gameplay is also pretty fun to, though be it simple. This game is a point and click adventure, you click on an object, you examine that object, or talk to that person if you clicked on one of the very memorable characters in the game. The other part to gameplay is in (Slight Spoiler) the class trials. Their are a bunch of diffrent controls to the diffrent ways you have to play in the class trials, but you will never be bored. I'd highly recommend trying this game out, if you don't you might despair."
,Recommended,413410,32900891,Posted: 27 June,all,Comentarinformal-MPP,The punishment music got me hot and bothered.
,Recommended,413410,31811479,Posted: 17 May,all,Weavoo con V.,tell them naegi
,Recommended,413410,21305012,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mairo 🐻🎧,"Don't let my low playtime fool you. I know this game series really well:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=627228676Basically game itself is really good, so good actually that it was really good reason to go and buy vita for really long time. Though the game has been out for so long on other systems now that you most likely know at least something about that or can find information about it, so I won't waste time praising it.Porting job is so good that all of my complains are tiny nitpickings (no dualshock buttons, prompts are aliased, no rebinding, mouse cursor has problems highlighting object compared to controller, 60 FPS cap, Vita stylized saving with arial font and no animations, etc.) and of course as this was PSP and Vita game it shows in some assets, but nothing distracting.Updated PCGW article to have every information:http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Danganronpa:_Trigger_Happy_Havoc- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Älä anna lyhyen peliajan hämmentää. Tiedän tasan tarkkaan minkälainen pelisarja tämä on (katso ylhäältä^^)Peli itsessään on tosi hyvä, itseasiassa niin hyvä että se oli hyvä syy mennä ja ostaa vita tosi pitkän aikaa. Peli on tosin ollut jo niin pitkään ulkona toisilla alustoilla että todennäköisesti tiedät vähintään jotain siitä tai pystyt helposti löytämään siitä informaatiota joten en kuluta aikaa sen kehumiseen.Porttaustyö on niin hyvä että kaikki valitukseni on syynäämistä (ei dualshock nappeja, näppäinprompeissa on aliasointia, ei näppäinten uudelleenasetusta, hiirellä on ongelmia objektien katsomisessa verrattuna ohjaimeen, 60 FPS lukko, Vita tyylinen tallennus arial fontilla ja ilman animaatioita, etc.) ja tottakai koska peli oli aiemmin PSP ja Vita yksinoikeus se näkyy osassa pelin elementeissä, mutta ei yhtään mitään järkyttävää.Päivitin PCGW artikkelin sisältämään kaiken informaation:http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Danganronpa:_Trigger_Happy_Havoc"
,Recommended,413410,21306553,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,lando,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate that bear.10/10
,Recommended,413410,25655132,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kianotorious,"!!!Only recommended who haven't seen the anime of this.!!!It's a very great story, I cannot decide to you to play this or watch the anime instead yet.I've already seen the anime, enjoying this game is at my least since I know the story."
,Recommended,413410,21303126,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Aramiyo,"One of the reasons to own a Vita now on PC!Very enjoyable for those of you who enjoy Visual Novels and Ace Attorney games.Pretty much exactly the same as the Vita version with a couple of enhancements. For starters it's in 1080p though it seems to be upscaled from the Vita resolution of 960x544. Despite that it still looks excellent with settings maxed (and it's really not a taxing game)The other benefit is that it runs at a smooth 60fps over the Vita's 30fps. Not entirely necessary for a game of this type but it just makes the whole experience that little bit smoother and enjoyable.So get out there, solve some murder mysteries and try not to let the despair get to you!"
76561198025001773,Recommended,413410,22312032,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,TheGreatSirNiko,"Absolutely fantastic if you're into Phoenix Wright style murder-mystery games.The static cast makes it stand out from games like Phoenix Wright. As each murder reduces the number of students, you just get even more invested in the survivors which makes the next betrayal all the more painful.The early game is misleading - the first case seems to suggest that the twists will be easy to predict, but as you progress that changes. The later cases are brilliantly constructed, and you'll be consistently surprised by the revelations you uncover as you unravel the mystery. You'll also have the persistent mystery of figuring out who has trapped you in the school, and why, to keep you busy between the trials. The game does a magnificent job of mingling obvious and subtle foreshadowing to keep you from sniffing out the deeper mysteries too early. Definitely don't spoil yourself by looking at the forums; you'll want to solve every mystery yourself.It does a fantastic job of building up to the finale and delivering a satisfying conclusion. Don't be surprised if you take the last few chapters all in one go.The persona-esque art style fits the game well by giving everything a slightly surreal veneer. Murder scenes splashed with flourescent pink blood and bright gold menus for shooting evidence ""bullets"" contast nicely with the dark themes of hope vs. despair.On the downside, the ""dating"" minigame is shallow and uninteresting. The post-game resource management minigame is disappointingly grindy. There's no reason why the developers couldn't have included ways to fast track both of them so you could see all the dialogue, especially since the class trials offer difficulty selection to appease both action lovers and those who just want to experience the story.If you like Persona or Phoenix Wright you absolutely want to play this."
76561197961591758,Recommended,413410,21993329,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,[MeFi] |DPC| WuBang3r,"This is a well thought out murder mystery.  I'm not really into anime, but I definitely liked this game regardless.It seems to be pretty well translated.  I didn't run into any translation issues, really.This game involves a lot of reading, but it's not a tough read by any stretch.  It has some clever jokes, too.By the end of this game, I found it to have sharpened my logic, reasoning, and investigative skills.  I started messing with my friends by catching them in logic traps.I'm looking forward to the sequel, which drops in about a month."
,Recommended,413410,24728580,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,YBG  💀Gothtober🎃,I had two favourite characters.Found one of them deadDid some investigatingAt the trial to find who the murderer wasIt was my other favourite characterNow both my favourite characters are dead10/10 would get feels again
76561198072219609,Recommended,413410,21827687,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Voodoo Doll,"Do you like Murder Mystery, Phoneix Wright, Random J High School Simulators, or just plain WTF moments? Danganronpa is the game for you! Seriously, If you haven't watched the anime and have no idea what is going to happen, you're in for a great surprise."
,Recommended,413410,22147182,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sam,"A mix of the Zero Escape and Ace Attorney franchises, Danganronpa is a thrilling and extremely enjoyable visual novel with fun gameplay elements, a large cast of very likable characters and some surprising twists and turns that will make you want to keep playing until the game's (very good) conclusion.The mysteries are a bit too simple at times and you can see some of the big plot revelations coming from miles away because of very obvious hints and foreshadowing. However, it doesn't take away from the fact that Danganronpa has a very interesting story which will keep you guessing until the very end.I highly recommend this to any visual novel or mystery fan, or to people that might be interested in trying a visual novel. It's accessible, and the localization is done very well too."
,Recommended,413410,27279307,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darkus,"""Oh, I'm sorry, you liked a character?They're dead now.""-Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc"
76561198078694054,Recommended,413410,21782346,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Tim Sola,"here are the reasons why you should buy this game1) the story is very good and it gives you characthers to care about (eg mondo >w<)2) the music is fantastic3) if enogh people buy it then they can make a Sakura hack and slash (which would make my wing wong go ding dong)4) it's made by spike chunsoft5) waifus6) bros7) the presents you can give to other charathers8)pink blood9) the artstyle10) puhuhuhu11) monokuma12) the use of colour (that's how we spell it in Australia)13)...Look I could go on, just go buy this, enjoy yourself and be the coolest kid on the block (...that and I really want that Sakura game, seriously when I first saw that I had to lie down just to get over how cool it would be)"
,Recommended,413410,24820734,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Centrizzle,the best game you've probably never played
76561198062243945,Recommended,413410,24719030,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Dunkacino,"It's pretty good if you already know how the game works, it's incredible if you come in completely blind."
,Recommended,413410,23554665,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,thor32123,"Great Mystery game, if you enjoy murder mystery like the ace attorney games, but you should know one thing is the gameplay of this game is mostly text base so if you don't want to read that mush then maybe this isn't your type of gamefor those of you that still care the game makes a great murder mystery as well as many plot twist, so if solving crimes is what you're into then this may be the murder mystery game you're looking for."
,Recommended,413410,21315512,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,QM,"(Before we begin, remember kids, the thumbs down is for when it's not ""helpful"" not for when you disagree with my opinions or hate my guts. Lets start making Steam a better place!)So far, so good! The story and characters have captivated me and it didn't take long to do at all, while some ideas may have been done before this game, it takes those ideas and prances off with them while whistling a merry tune. It's a great read. The trials are a bit funky though, with varying gameplay styles that seem to be thrown in with no thought and sometimes idiotic characters that feel the need to repeat not only key elements of the case but also their typical shocked reaction way too much. It's also annoying that they seem to only figure things out 3 hours after you figured it out yourself, but I can forgive and forget with that one.So, probably the best visual novel I've ever played... but it's still a visual novel, 99% of the game could be presented via any other form of media and not lose anything. Perhaps it's an excuse to overprice the product, I don't know, it just feels like I would enjoy this more if it was constricted to a comic/manga or there was more of a ""game"" here.However, the port is pretty bad, the controls are stiff, textures are still low resolution, all the options are in a launcher, bugs, sound glitches, etc etc. It's not great.So it's a sort of neutral ground for me and I sure do wish there was a neutral option, but since this is currently sitting at a 99% rating I'll just leave it as negative, just to even it out a little, at least until the bugs are fixed any way.Edit: After finishing the game I'd just like to add that while the story was still captivating, there were some low and drawn out points and the ""rhythm"" minigame got more and more annoying, since with a few skills, it was just a case of ""press rb, spam a, spam y, repeat"" There was no need to pay much attention. Overall, pretty decent and the bugs have been fixed, here's hoping the sequel fixes the original issues.inb4 ""change it to openGL"" I tried, same issues."
,Recommended,413410,22628127,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LastationJ,"I am just an average gamer, so I can't really give a crital review on this game. I can however give a personal explanation as to why I got the game and played it for as long as I did without stoping.This game might have been the most fun I have had in at least 6 years. I really enjoy every character, from there designs to their stories. I am just an average gamer, so I can't really give a crital review on this game. Each chapter gave new hope and new despair(I actually felt the feelings through the whole game.) From the freetime to the Class Trails I enjoyed every moment with my fellow classmates at Hope's Peak Acadmey. If I had to have one complant about the game is the main story felt a little shorter than I was wanting it to be, this might be due to me playing through 5 chapters in one sitting. I am fully glad to have picked it up and now awaiting more Danganronpa news for steam. I have hope and will not give into despair."
76561198117307019,Recommended,413410,23533690,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Dogaboo,You know all those coins you earn for completeing the trails?Go to Extras > Sound GalleryBuy all the musicYou won't regret it
76561198328591492,Recommended,413410,28448018,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,khaleesilc,"This is my favorite mystery game! You will be challenged to think out of the box, and the story will make you feel very attached to all of the characters (and then, of course, it'll kill them off). Definitely play this."
,Recommended,413410,21882479,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,i noob,BEST GAME EVER. Looking forward to Danganronpa 2
,Recommended,413410,22097725,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,mastermack0,"My GOD, that game was amazing. This review is spoiler FREE!This was an absolutely AMAZING game. Definitely worth the time and money.  Basically, you investigate murders, get close to your friends, and try to solve the mysteries of your situation.Great characters, great music, great mysteries. If you pay attention, you can always solve the mysteries so no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t twists or trial and error. Only one mystery was a bit hard to figure out, but the rest were inventive and fun. DEFINITELY go in spoiler free and enjoy the story unfold. This game had no real weakpoint (one minigame was a bit crappy but even then it could be beat). if you like Ace Attourney (Phoenix Wright), this is similar."
,Recommended,413410,22135350,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,American Hero,This game is great in both character/plot development and gameplay wise. It is certainly worth the price that I paid for (bought it when it was on sale on the first week of release). The game actually made me care about the characters which is not something I encounter often in games.
,Recommended,413410,22139232,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,noa,"If you are into great story lines and plot twists and almost never-ending extras in school mode to get all the achievements, this is definitely the 35+hours experience for you. The freedom you get to explore, the innovative controls in trials and the variety in character's personalities make this game a must if you are into VNs.I simply can't wait for the second game coming up in just a while."
76561198011019539,Recommended,413410,22696277,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Fedex780,Pink death...Pink death... EVERYWHERE
,Recommended,413410,22171195,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Thamriyell,"One of the most interactive visual novels I have ever played. The detective mystery aspect is executed so well. The class trials are intense and are satisfyingly grueling. The characters are so easy to get attached to and so and that is probably the hardest thing about this game; every character is prone to murder. Anyone can be killed and anyone can be the killer. Finding the murderer is always a thrilling and stressful adventure that leaves you both happy and sad at the same time; no matter what you do, people will die, and you have to accept that. Its so evil and I love it! :D"
76561198147595512,Recommended,413410,22299361,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Zero Shihoin,"It's freaking awesome. It's an investigation game similar to the Phoenix Wright series. It has a roster of interesting characters, and best of all Monokuma. Pick it up, you won't be disappointed. :3"
76561198198391093,Recommended,413410,22362038,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Tatara Fujita,Amazing game.The story is great with the many twists always surprising me. You can connect with with all of the characters and often i found myself genuinely upset at some of the events that occured.The game does a great job of keeping the suspence and mystery alive by little hints and revelations as you progress. New areas to explore stops the school feeling  old or repetetive and the final 2 chapters are incredible and are a great and satisfying end to the game and story.
,Recommended,413410,22362207,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,musicalmashup,"This game is utterly amazing. I love the concept and the characters are just outstanding and well developed. This game dosen't tire out, you never really get bored by it. There are so many plot twists and each murder is suprising and you constantly hope that your favorite character survives. Even the murderers are shocking, you don't expect some of them to be murderers. This game though was overall outstanding10/10"
,Recommended,413410,22368024,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,chinadoll12,"What can I say that hasnt already been said.  I love this game.  I need more of it in my life.  The puzzles were challenging but not too difficult, the characters had me engaged from the beginning all the way through the end.  I loved the art style of the game as well.So many people want to compare this game to Phoenix Wright.  I think that does both games a disservice.  Each are their own games, and to compare them to each other will leave fans of both games wanting for aspects of the game being compared.  This game to me is NOT Phoenix Wright.  And Phoenix Wright is not Danganronpa.  The only thing they have in common is that there's a trial involved.  That's it.  No ""OBJECTION!"" no ""HOLD IT!""  and Phoenix Wright doesnt have the everyone's lives are on the line fear factor.As for the characters that I loved, Monokuma is just darlingly evil.  It has that creepy toy vibe you get out of old horror shows like the Twilight Zone.  In fact I think this plot would fit swimmingly in an episode of the Twilight Zone.  So I dont think of this game as a puzzle game, a trial game, or an RPG or dating sim.  Honestly, this game feels like a horror game to me, just not in the same vein as many of the horror games we presently experience.  Monokuma is like those beautiful yet creepy dolls in old horror shows.  And the plotline of kill or be killed?  What could be more horror than that?  And finally, the punishments?  Definitely something out of a horror movie.  So it takes horror aspects and makes them more paletable than chasing zombies through an old asylymWhy are you still reading this review?  Play this game already!"
,Recommended,413410,22323522,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,[EZOX] Pro Gamer,"This is a really fun game that reminds me of ACe Attorney. Maybe its because of the class trial! Anyways this game has rich story to go through. Such as Chapter 1 Deadly Life. The main character's friend who trust each other the most dies. And etc. The prologue is very boring, so you should probably try to beat it as fast as you can to continue the cool story."
,Recommended,413410,22767867,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,pomponz,"You know what, I just finished this game. And wow! I can't possibly discribe how good it was!Every class trial kept me on my toes, always trying to fingure out whodunit and guess what... always getting it wrong because of all the twists and secrets that were going on.As it has been said before, although you get to read a lot in this game (like visual novels), the game is not only narration. You also get to walk around, do some detective work, give presents to people and get to know them a little bit.The script in general was funny, interesting and it never really got me bored.I would definitely recomend it!It's 30h solid just through the linear story, thou I will be repeating it again so I can get all the friendships and achievements.I would have liked if my decisions had affected who died or survived thou I can understand how hard it would have been to make such a game (at least with the same quality). Having said that, although the story is linear, the twists keep you in the shadow until the very last moment!So if you are thinking about getting this game, don't think more!JUST DO IT! :)"
76561198069662616,Recommended,413410,24223214,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ryth Darkbane,"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a true treat to play. I would highly recommend playing it before Danganronpa 2.My favorite type of games are ones with great stories. If the gameplay is good as well, that's just a bonus. Trigger Happy Havoc is able to meet both of those standards.******If you want a short summary: It's Ace Attorney mixed with Persona 3/4 with a dark feel like the Shin Megami Tensei games. This game is definitely at the top of my list (Persona are some of my personal favs of all time)*******The Good:+Great story. Definitely has some twists you don't see coming.+Fun gameplay (especially for a visual novel!)+Memorable characters that evolve as individuals as the story progresses. Even the ones you don't like at first will grow on you.+Monokuma Theater+Alternate Story Path after you clear the game (not as story heavy, but has a wrap up on character building for those who are interested)+Makes you think as you try to solve the mysteries inside. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND PLAYING ON THE HIGHEST DIFFICULTY AND NOT USING A GUIDE. You get a good feeling of accomplishment when you can figure them out.+Punishment TimeThe Okay=Gameplay is linear despite being somewhat of a small open world which may turn off some people.=Some of the mysteries you will have figured out before you even start investigating or before the class trials start which can make going through the process not as fun.The Bad-No Monokuma Theater when I go to sleep in real life.Overall, I rate this game 9/10. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,413410,24468134,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mr. Aspersor,"Lots of dead people, lots of thinking, lots of plot twists, and lots of hours of fun.Recomended for psychological anime fans"
,Recommended,413410,21842774,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Monokuma,"A game that teaches you not to fall in love with a character, because they'll probably die.Joking aside, I've been waiting quite a while for Dangan Ronpa to get transferred over to PC. I'm not much of a person for the PSP, so when I learned this was getting a port, I got pretty excited! It's a game that I've shown interest in, but was too lazy to read scripts for outside of the game because I have a hard time reading something that I know I could have a visual on. (If that makes sense. Basically since I knew DR was a game, I didn't want to read the scripts without pictures/audio, because it didn't feel as great to me.)I can get why people attack the graphics of the game -- there are often visible white cut-out lines in the game, but I can't say I can attack it at all considering, well, it IS a port from the PSP. That aside, I've always adored the art style of the game. The characters are all very uniquely-designed, and the scenery in general is very nice.The story is also very well-done, though I wish it were longer (even if the game generally takes around ~20-24 hours to beat in most cases like myself). 2-3 students getting killed per chapter cuts it quick when there's only 15 to start. ( ;) ) You think there is only killing and crime-solving to the story, but it does go a little deeper than that. . .The ability to interact with characters and more or less form somewhat of a dating sim is pretty nice, too. Getting to know another side to a character is great. Sure love giving away some salt to someone and watching them accept it. Also love interacting with a certain Genocider very casually.If you're willing to do quite a bit of reading and love mystery stories, I highly recommend Danganronpa to you.Can't wait for SDR2 to come out! Bring me Chiaki!!!"
,Recommended,413410,24745728,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Arisa,"Danganronpa is a challenging and fun VN. If you like anime as well, you'd enjoy playing thisI had already watched the anime before playing this, but it doesn't compare to the investigations and class trials in the gameI would love to have more Danganronpa series available on Steam"
,Recommended,413410,24019478,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Papa franku,Played 14h in like 2 days... still worth it.
,Recommended,413410,26081151,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Imperfection,"Danganronpa is an amazing series. This game isnt as great as DanganRonpa 2, but is essential to play for the series as a whole. If you love mystery and vns then youll like this game."
76561198272660456,Recommended,413410,24859958,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,HawwahIsEve,10/10 gameYou have to think outside of the box for itIf you like trial games (like Phoenix Wright) I suggest you play this gameits  CRAZYYYYYYYYY <3
76561198045830730,Recommended,413410,24870560,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Minuit,simply amazing
76561198097730733,Recommended,413410,28624576,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Emsagrod,"Danganronpa is so far the best single player game I've ever played. I wasn't a big fan of anime before I played this but with the super positive reviews. I've decided to give it a shot during the Winter sales 2016. The game is considered quite expensive compared with other games even with discount. ( Since one run for the story takes about 30 hours only ) I regret nothing , and I've decided to purchase the sequel Danganronpa 2 immediately after the first and finished both games within four days. I wake up , I play Danganronpa whole day , I sleep.What's so good about Danganronpa is the ability for them to make you love the characters , and you'll have to see them murdered one by one. Sounds dark and messed up but it's not mean't to be scary but it has the ability to make some highly emotional people to get slightly depressed. And that's not something every game can achieve.The gameplay is unique and simply amazing , not too challenging and easy to understand. Most importantly it's fun. You can spend time with any character you wanted and they will share their backstories or anything to make you understand the characters story and personalities. Or after someone was murdered , you will have to go and look around for evidence and have a class trial. To find the culprit.The story is pretty good , well written and interesting plot. A lot of plot twists and good pacing. Even though there are some plot holes but they can be forgiven. I'm not really good at writing reviews , and I don't have good describing skills. Conclusion , it's good. Don't trust me? Buy it , it won't hurt."
76561198143919373,Recommended,413410,22687758,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Flutter,"Great characters, great plot, great game :)"
,Recommended,413410,31472689,Posted: 30 April,all,Fishbones,"What a ride...I'm a sucker for detective games, and this one is a strange yet enaging detective game. A mix of Ace Attorney with investigating cases, and Persona with interacting with the students. You and 14 other students are trapped in Hope's Peak Academy with a sadistic teddy bear named Monokuma being the warden of the school. The students either have two choices: live together in the school for the rest of their lives, or escape by murdering another student and getting away with it. This game is weird, but it's still enjoyable and has a really good story to it with every case being different and unique. When my brother and I sat down to play it, we ended up staying awake till 4 AM completely engaged.PROS:-Great story-Great game performance-Catchy and yet fitting soundtrack-Every case is different and engaging. You never know if the student you just hung out with is gonna get murdered the next day-Every character is memorable and (to an extent) enjoyable-School modes provides a what-if scenario and expands on the student's personalitiesCONS:-Most of the students aren't the sharpest tools in the shed, so sometimes there can be some really stupid arguments that completely waste time-Average voice acting, some characters have good voice acting, some do not-The bullet time battle in the class trial is...mehTo conclude, Danganronpa is one of the best visual novels I have played. It knows the story it wants to tell and it tells it damn well. If you love a weird but good story and a good detective game, get this gameVERDICT: 9/10"
76561198013741629,Recommended,413410,33555164,Posted: 15 July,all,Radiofloyd90,Wacky but well worth playing. This game is easily worth even the full price. I was amazed to see in the credits that it had been translated by one person!
,Recommended,413410,31135590,Posted: 14 April,all,Devyme°,"An unforgetable journey which never fails to surprise you with its great storytelling, characters, and unique gameplay. The kind of game that worth every last of time and price spent. Despair guaranteed 11/10"
76561198120993683,Recommended,413410,29641692,Posted: 1 February,all,bunnymistressaya,"Looking for a mystery game that makes you think? Looking a visual novel that is a bit crazy and over the top? Then look no further!Art: 8/10 – The art style is unique, stylized and crisp. One thing that I really like about the art is the number of character poses each character has. I play tons of vns (visual novels) and this game definitely is up in the top tier of variety and number of character poses. I also like the wacky character designs with great crazy hair!Story: 9/10 -  Murder mysteries are something that Japan seems to be in love with these days. Slap some battle royal-esque school violence and you have Danganronpa.Music: 9/10- Music good enough that I would listen to it out of the game for sure. Very fitting music to set the background but not get overly repetitive, a very important feature in vn bgm tracks. I especially  like  some of the funky tracks (See Monokuma's theme song).Game Mechanics: 9.5/10-  Wow! I really had to keep on my toes and think hard about answers for the mysteries this game presents you with. Also quite a few cute mini games to break up the thinking intensive mysteries.Positive: I just love how I really had to rack my brain over these mysteries, I haven't gotten my mind that much exercise from a game in a loooooong time.Negative: The story is great but I would have really wanted multiple endings with different characters and more development on those characters that get little screen time."
,Recommended,413410,31237731,Posted: 19 April,all,INCORRECT,Kyoko
76561198153919461,Recommended,413410,24868275,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Snowy Lambchop,"A Best Guy and Best Girl slaughter-fest. Attach yourself to the mysteries, but do not attach yourself to any character because a piano will fall on their head in the next chapter."
,Recommended,413410,24898560,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Secret Evil Radio,"Cool premise, predictable yet interesting characters, great soundtrack, and excellent story pacing. I found that it was often the case that once you start a chapter, you wouldn't be able to stop playing until you beat it.My only qualm is that sometimes the wording of certain statements and truth bullets in class trials can make it ambiguous as to what point you are supposed to use to contradict what statement, especially at higher difficulties."
76561198283482754,Recommended,413410,32643810,Posted: 22 June,all,A_The_Alpaca,"Honestly I LOVE this game. However, I did find some minor annoyances with it.I did feel as though the game held your hand a little bit. As the other characters had already solved the case before your Character did. It made me feel a bit less successful in the end, as I love solving mysteries, but it just gave in the minimal amount to solve them.However, apart from that, I really did enjoy this game. The storyline was fun to play through, being able to learn about the different characcters was really fun, and discovering the mastermind's identity was neat. So I reccommend this game."
,Recommended,413410,24433842,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,TrolllJamie,This game has made me Danganronpa trash and has ruined my life and relationships.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,413410,32687444,Posted: 23 June,all,Asriel Dreemurr,"Really good storyline, looking forward to finishing the sequel and buying the third game when it's released!"
,Recommended,413410,30073578,Posted: 20 February,all,Kio,"I am an extremely big fan of Danganronpa, the series as a whole is very interesting and great! Anyone who thinks they would like this game almost certainly will. When i first watched a playthrough of this game series, i didnt know how much id like it, but soon after its almost become an obsession, i love this series so much. The story in this game is incredible, and it keeps you wanting more and more. I highly recommend this series, its the one thing id recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,413410,32889090,Posted: 27 June,all,Carnage,"Beautifully done animation with well made characters and plot, an excellent game that I would recommend to every person. Once done with this, I insist that you check out the sequel, Danganronpa 2 Goodbye Despair, a phenomenal gameplay experience, I cannot wait for v3 in September!"
,Recommended,413410,32348191,Posted: 11 June,all,Despair,Yes.Will give a more detailed review after my mind recovers from the mind fuggery that happened during the playthrough.But to sum up. Yes.
76561198120851714,Recommended,413410,32867375,Posted: 27 June,all,Hectic,Great game with good characters and good story
,Recommended,413410,32837595,Posted: 26 June,all,Pineapple,"A great murder mystery game that is similar in some ways to the Ace Attorney series. It involves investigation to find evidence and a trial sequence requiring a fair amount of reasoning. I personally feel like this game is more immersive than the Ace Attorney series because instead of being an outsider to the action, you're a part of it. The murderers and murderees are friends that you meet while playing the game, some of which you've had time to bond with. The screenshots don't really do the game justice (do they ever with visual novels?). If you want to see what it's really like you'll have to try it out for yourself or find a playthrough of the first chapter on YouTube.Be warned, the analytical portion of the game take up only about half of the play time, depending on how fast of a reader you are. A lot of the time playing the game goes into giving backstory into the world and characters in order to feel more attached to them before they die. Definitely worth the time though in my opinion.The game's events (who gets mudered) are set in stone, so don't expect too much replay value from the game."
76561198338744520,Recommended,413410,28857850,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NekoOtakuGurl,"Even having barely played any of the game, I am already blown away by it. Having seen the anime, I thought I knew what to expect, but this is better than I could have ever imagined Just the introduction scenes for the characters alone gave them more personality than I probably saw in the entire anime; their overall character development makes them really come to life. While watching the anime first does kind of spoil a lot of the game (it is a murder mystery, after all),  this game is entirely worth it even if you have already seen the anime, as a lot of game content seems to have been lost during the adaptation. There's more interactions between characters, better character development, and various features and in-game collectibles. Also now available is the English voice-acting(game was originally only in Japanese and has since been translated and revoiced), and I would have to say that the actors cast all suit their respective characters perfectly. Overall, this is a great game that has an amazing experience to offer."
,Recommended,413410,22536055,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Gametaku,The pray your waifu does not die simulator
76561198073864538,Recommended,413410,21787098,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,risestorm,Embrace the despair of living in Hopes Peak Academy !upupupu
76561198062301817,Recommended,413410,30046725,Posted: 19 February,all,Rhythm Raph,"If you enjoy murder mystery, exciting trials or anything of the sort, this game will be a revelation to you. You're trapped in a high school with 14 other students, and in order to get out you have to kill someone. You have a dichotomic relationship with the others: on one hand, you are stuck together and therefore cooperate and form strong bonds, on the other hand the atmosphere is very tense and you're never sure who to trust. This makes every murder feel terrible, since someone you liked has been killed, and the killer is no one else than someone you trusted.Now, as much as I had a very great moment playing this game, I must say it has some issues.Firstly, the students are supposed to be ""Ultimates"", that is that they excel at one thing (you have the Ultimate Baseball Player, the Ultimate Writer, and so on). This makes most characters one-dimensional, and some characters have no time to shine. For example, the Ultimate Programmer is very useful at some point in the game, but the Ultimate Swimmer can't do much (she would have been perfect in Danganronpa 2, where the action takes place on an island). There's even the Ultimate Clairvoyant who is not only useless throughout the game, but that has a questionable talent (his predictions have a 30% accuracy).  I LOVED some characters and I am somewhat attached to all of them, but they're far from well-written.Secondly, some murder cases are disappointing. Without spoiling anything, I'll just say that in the first case there's no doubt about who the killer is as soon as you see the victim, and there's a locked-room case that has a cheap denouement.Thirdly, some evidences are not revealed until late in the trial (you have an investigation before each trial in which you collect evidences). I don't really mind, but in my opinion, in a good detective fiction, the reader (or player) should be able to solve the mystery by themself, but not too easily of course. Danganronpa often prevents it, and it must be frustrating for those who find fun in solving mysteries. It is possible to know who the murderer is before the end of the trial (in fact, it's often the case), but it's almost impossible to know beforehand.I know I spent most of the review discussing the bad points of this game, but believe me when I say that it's a must-play if you love either crime fiction, gladiatorial games (such as The Hunger Games) or just intriguing and compelling stories in general. Also, the sequel solves the first two issues I addressed, so there's hope!"
76561198336923743,Recommended,413410,28930057,Posted: 1 January,all,xenoGX18,"it's a good game that involes a lot of puzzles and clues to it's story revolving around interaction between characters and objects. it may have some vulger langugue and some dirty subjects but also got an M rating but it's a game you should play. once your done with the game, play danganropa another episode which take place between danganropa 1 and 2, also check out the anime. by then, have fun"
,Recommended,413410,28930361,Posted: 1 January,all,Flamboyant pheasant,This is a amazingly good game.Before i played i didn't actually like the kind of who-done-it/murder mystery kind of games but i definatly love this onedefinatly have to fuel alot of hours into this one if you want to propperly play it
,Recommended,413410,28696727,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Alaska Question,Great for the discerning connoisseur who thinks anime would be better if more people were viciously murdered.
76561198110861540,Recommended,413410,29311619,Posted: 16 January,all,Vert <3,"Danganronpa is a series about a happy school life, with cute girls, waifu wars, male characters that no one really cares about and a trap.*Spoilers*In both the games and anime the best girls die :/I want to die/10"
,Recommended,413410,28011938,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zweihanded,"Monokuma, man. That teddy bear has a lot of points in the ""Best Villaiin"" leaderboard."
76561198262490403,Recommended,413410,25931557,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kaede♡,"I think this is a really good game, the executions are really cool and I love the characters in this game. I loved the voiced class trials, although I think some of the voices didnt fit some of the characters. The executions could have been a little more detailes but I love the class trials and I think its a really good mystery game. So if you like solving mysteries I definataly recomend this."
,Recommended,413410,25801672,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Nakaze,What a good game.Great story.Great Characters.Great gameplay/puzzle.and a good port too (60fps 0 crash so far).Highly recommended !Now... about that Sakura's revenge...--------------------------------------เป็นเกมที่ดีนะ ดีมาก เนื้อเรื่องดี(อาจจะไม่เหมาะกับคนไม่เอาแนวดาร์ก)ตัวละครแต่ละคนน่าสนใจมากเป็นพอร์ทที่ดีด้วย ใช้จอยเล่นได้ เล่นมา40ชั่วโมงยังไม่พบแคลชเกมดับเกมเป็น visual novel มีข้อความให้อ่านเยอะมาก อาจจะต้องแน่นภาษานิดนึงไม่มีgame overนะretryได้ตลอด บางจุดอาจจะเข้าใจผิดบ้าง แต่เกมไม่ได้เคร่งอะไรมากใครสนใจแนวนี้ มีโอกาสซื้อได้ซื้อเลย
,Recommended,413410,29198621,Posted: 11 January,all,Bewitched Kim-Chi,"Dangaronpa tells the story of an elite high school named ""Hopes Peak Academy"" where the best and brightest students of their feild of talent (i.e singing, sportsmen etc) attend and set themselves up for life. Whoever things take a turn for the despair as a frightfully happy stuffed teddybear named ""Monokuma"" takes over the school and creates a game where if you want to leave the school you must kill a fellow student and get away with it. This is the setting for where a group of 15 students fight for the life in hopes to escape the now overrun high school that they once longed to attend.Pros-Strong Cast of diverse and quirky characters-The concept of the class trial-The plot-The reveal of the mastermind (Honestly it's iconic)-A decent amount of gameplay both during and after the game (Still haven't played that tho lol)-The constant murder mysteries are always interesting and keeps you guess who's next and whodunnit-Junko...nuff saidCons-The class trails are kinda confusing to begin with but once you get the hang of it it is very fun :D-A LOT of dialouge. Even if you don't do the freetime parts there is A LOT-The setting of the school is clever and cool it still felt a tad bland and felt as if it was missing something.Overall I think Danganronpa is a strong game with a great cast of ""ultimate"" characters and keeps the player on there toes with suspense and story. Personally I'm not a fan of some of the mechanics in the game but thats just my opinion :)7.5/10"
,Recommended,413410,27686882,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EDFXNights,"A Supprising breath of fresh air for me from all the triple A shooters.I didn't expect to enjoy this kinds of game, and i highly reccomend Danganronpa to everyone even if you haven't played these kinds of games.Also, DO NOT PLAY DANGANRONPA 2 FIRSTPLAY DANGANRONPA 1 FIRST you'll enjoy the game more"
,Recommended,413410,29041539,Posted: 5 January,all,Andre Fish,"Very fun story and characters.  Be ready for some long sessions, you can't save in the middle of trials!"
,Recommended,413410,27771101,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Terrogon,"Memorable characters and a sick soundtrack, with a lot of the good kind of stupid.Credits theme is also amazing."
,Recommended,413410,29559875,Posted: 29 January,all,Sun And Moon,"Great game...but AVOID LOOKING ANYTHING UP ABOUT IT! You'll be spoiled in about 5 seconds, even get spoiled in the sequels"
,Recommended,413410,29393083,Posted: 21 January,all,Sir Ghost,"ReviewThis spoiler-free review is for those who are uncertain about jumping into this series. Perhaps through my experiences, you may make the right decision for yourself.Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a bittersweet game for me. The overarching mystery it presents captivated me throughout the 28 hours it took to complete one run-through. In this story, 15 students (all of which are ""ultimate students"" in a certain hobby or field) attend an extravagent High School that was meant to be a prime learning environment, but soon discover it to be a cage of despair where they are forced to play a deadly game. The rules are simple: in order to leave the school, you must murder another student without being found out. You play as the protagonist, Mokoto Naegi, a seemingly average individual who attends the school simply because he was ""lucky"" enough.The gameplay is divided into three parts:1.Exploration. At this part, you explore the school grounds, speak to the other students, or engage in simple activities.2.Investigation. If a murder of some sort occurrs, you must spend time to investigate every detail about it.3.Trial. The investigation moves to trial where you make arguments and deliver evidence to find the guilty party who committed the crime.ProsCharacters and Dialogue. Most of the characters are developed extremely well and their dialogue is well written (and also well translated). About 75% of this game revolves around dialogue and choices within those dialogues. As such, there's plenty of time to develop meaningful, quirky, and unique characters that you either care about, or fall in love with.Art. The characters were drawn incredibly well, giving them heart and personality in every pose or action.Aesthetics. The atmosphere strives for immersion. The sounds, music, and voice acting are top-notch and provide a pleasing experience for the player. I especially loved the voice acting as that helped bring so much life to every character.Story. We are thrusted headlong into a captivating mystery with so many twists and turns I couldn't hope to count them. The powerful characters aid the story's darkened elements without compromising the integrity of the plot's structure - which is executed fairly well, all things considered.Minimal Fan Service. I play these type of games mainly for its story and characters. I don't like fan service simply because it lacks true purpose and is only there to visually please the player rather than add any sort of depth. I assume there are cases where it can help develop a character, but I doubt that's the case with Danganronpa.ConsPlot Holes. When you introduce 15 different characters of different backgrounds, different quirks, and different opinions, then throw them into a deep and dark mysterious school of many many layers, you'll no doubt get a hefty amount of plot holes. Danganronpa suffers from this, unfortunately, since it has so many ambitious mysteries and neat concepts, but spreads itself thin on resolving them properly. A lot of the mysteries among characters, within environments, and within gameplay were often solved with convenient scape goats or with deus ex machina. This often broke the immersion for me, especially since this is a game that needs to capitalize on a consistent atmosphere. That leads me to my next point.Inconsistent Tone. I absolutely appreciate the dark, morose atmosphere the game attempts to build, but it's so often hurt by many superfluous concepts and inattentive art styles of the environment. It strives to create ""despair"" throughout, but I rarely felt that in the world created.Pacing Issues. This game definitely struggles in maintaining a consistent pace. The player is distracted a lot from the primary mystery with mundane activities in the form of ""Free Time"". There will be periods where you are reading straight dialogue for a good hour or so and then there'll be droughts of meaningful dialogue or interaction. Flashbacks are extremely repetitive and characters will refer to them twenty times over. 1st person movement throughout the school was boorish, feeling more like a chore rather than a desirable task. Overall, I found myself itching to get through the parts that needlessly dragged on. Thankfully there's the ability to fast-forward dialogue.Logic Issues. This game tries to be as logical as possible as we follow characters who attempt to deduce the reason for their absurd capture. However, the logic is lost at times in the plot holes and in the character behaviors. Too often characters make foolish, illogical, or ridiculous choices that frustrate rather than intrigue. Most importantly, characters make choices that do not line up with who they are and what they would actually choose. This follows the next point.Bandwagoning Characters. This game has a wide cast of 15 awesome characters. However, in this large cast, we rarely get to hear everyone's thoughts and opinions (which is understandable, or else the game would be exceedingly long). Unfortunately, this means character thoughts are clumped together without probable grounds for doing so. If someone comes up with an idea, suddenly five other characters agree without a discussion. I get it - this speeds up the sections where controversial events are being discussed and we don't waste time hearing every person's thoughts. However, at the same time, we lose vital opportunities to differentiate the characters from one another. It isn't balanced well.Overly Naive Protagonist. Our protagonist, Mokoto Naegi, is understandably innocent and confused since he was forced into this dire situation. However, his inner thoughts and opinions can be so annoying and repetitive that you roll your eyes whenever he tries to be serious. He'll often note the same observations over and over and over (which he does is to over-emphasize certain key story parts), or he'll say or do things that any sensible person - no matter how naive or innocent - would not do! In his inner monologues, he would also become suddenly dramatic where it's not expected nor welcomed. This distanced me from fully liking the protagonist.Trial Gameplay. After the investigation, you participate in a Class Trial where you try to deduce a culprit based on evidence and argument. However, unlike the Ace Attorney series where you pinpoint contradictions and deliver evidence, Danganronpa puts you in a bunch of arbitrary mini-games in order to solve the crimes. These mini-games are probably my least favorite parts of the whole game as it distracts you heavily from the mystery. To me, immersion is everything in games like these (suspension of disbelief), but I was constantly being shut out. As a result, I didn't care about some of the mysteries. In fact, the crimes were basically solved for you in these mini-game sequences. I love a good murder puzzle to solve (and this game had murders that were definitely puzzles), but I don't like the puzzle laid out to me step by step. What's the point in trying to solve them myself then? Also, the health system you have during the trial is poorly implemented, since you can't actually ""fail"".Why am I recommending this game?It's hard to say. Overall, this game suffers from many standard issues that break the player away from being fully immersed into its supposedly dark and brooding atmosphere. But it still builds on a interesting mystery and fascinating characters that will keep you enticed until the very end. I really do want people to fall in love with these characters like I did, despite all the hindering elements that keep you from being able to completely do so. Regardless, I don't regret playing this game and I'll most likely plunge into the sequel.Score: 6.5/10"
,Recommended,413410,21491369,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,"AvJ.Punished ""Venom"" Shub","I've played this on the PSP, the Vita, and now finally on the PC. I was concerned that this was going another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ japanese port of a great game but it runs smoothly at 4k 60fps. Everyone should play this game, it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,413410,24223707,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,RikiRaven,"I had watched youtubers play it a long time ago but this was the first ever time i got to play it myself and i must say it is living up to m expectations. I love this game and all the characters, well most. I think the developers did a great job in making this game and i really am glad that instead of a fan translation like the psp game it got actually translated, All in all i give this game ten out of ten exploding monokuma teddy bears!"
,Recommended,413410,24459750,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,nbjungkook,I watched everyone I loved die. The despair felt so good.
,Recommended,413410,24208507,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,david price,everyone i grow to love in this game dies the next day10/10
76561198003976794,Recommended,413410,31283792,Posted: 21 April,all,KimahriKidge,"At first i was curious about this game having never heard of it before i decided to buy it. But after completing the game this week i will say i will be buying the sequel as soon as!The story is mysterious and leaves you wanting more! As i have found wanted to get the squeal. The class trails are really fun and i found personally were quite hard even on normal. But when you get a hang of it you can find yourself enjoying it so much especially when you prove other people wrong about certain facts of the case. Outside of class trails theres more story and getting to know other Hope's peaks academy Classmates that are with you in this extreme situation. You'll buy gifts to give to other people so you can get to know them more, get skills for the class trail and know more about the other Hope's peaks academy class mates.I would recommend of anyone that loves visual novels or even a good mystery detective sort of game. This is my first game i wanted to make a review for and hope it helps anyone that was inbetween on buying the game as for the price it'll be worth it!"
,Recommended,413410,29696625,Posted: 4 February,all,mercury,I love it
,Recommended,413410,29661084,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"Scary, funny, unnerving, delicious, meaningful, intelligent, wacky, solid. Brilliant. Danganronpa came out of nowhere and floored me with how stunning it is, with a more careful approach to its atmosphere and plot construction than any game with a killer teddy bear as its villain has any right to be. Somehow, between the outlandish character design (those eyes, chico), the absurd lighting of the school, the isolation of it all, and even the kinda Bowdlerised death scenes, it all works, and it is one of the most thrilling games I have ever played despite being slow and long.Full review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHC0sWjbwIs"
76561198047391418,Recommended,413410,23911816,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[     ],I pre-ordered the game when it first came to steam. I don't think I have ever gotten so addicted to a game the way I got addicted to Danganronpa. I highly reccomend it to anyone and everyone.
,Recommended,413410,23906962,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,rip scarlet pete,Highly recommended if you're a fan of games like Phoenix Wright or Zero Escape and don't mind the visual novel format. Excellent mystery game with some really fun trial mechanics to break up the exploration. Entire game will take about 20 hours to finish the story. There's a few extras as well.AVOID SPOILERS AT ALL COSTS.
,Recommended,413410,23919540,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JCPhoenix,"If you're into Phoenix Wright, but are into psychological torture and despair, presented with bright colrors and anime, then this is the game for you. Can't wait to start Danganronpa 2!"
,Recommended,413410,27421281,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mxxn,whoah
,Recommended,413410,27493941,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,REspect,10/10 would watch my favourite characters die again
76561198253198574,Recommended,413410,28968858,Posted: 2 January,all,yugioh3099,"After watching the anime for this game, I fell in love with the Danganronpa universe. I loved it so much, that I was able to play the game, even after watching the whole anime and knowing everything that was going to happen. This might not sound like THAT big of a deal, but for me, it really is. This game will take you to the brightest hope only to pull you down to the darkest deepest despair. Not only is the story one of the best I have ever heard, the gameplay is really awesome and is able to keep the player intrigued. Every part of this game is 10/10, whether it be the vn part and the sections of story, or the gameplay where you get to put everything you have learned in past sections to the test. Also, don't let the vn tag steer you away from buying this game, I honestly didn't even realize this fell into the category of vn until after I played xD. Hope you decide to buy the game and join the amazing, hope and despair filled, Danganronpa universe."
,Recommended,413410,26239504,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Seki O'Banki,"Did you saw the anime? That it's GARBAGE if you compare it to the VN, it's THAT good. So get it.And if you didn't saw it. Get it anyways, it's a really good story and also has interesting mechanics.It's like Phoenix Wright but with more chaos since it isn't really a court."
76561198326290589,Recommended,413410,25913807,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Deathllama,Everyone I loved died... *stab* even my review. 10\10 would despair again.
76561198277184576,Recommended,413410,25578439,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Amber,"Fun game! My only gripe is that it's hard to move the window to my second monitor because it seems to block mouse usage when active. (My system is Windows 7). I have to press start, cascade the windows and then move it."
,Recommended,413410,31777744,Posted: 15 May,all,BD82,"Great game for anyone who is interested in mystery games. However, if you're into FPS-games, don't be fooled by the name ""Trigger Happy Havoc."" 10/10"
76561198047400387,Recommended,413410,32789109,Posted: 25 June,all,DanganSora79,This game grabbed my soul and wont let go. Please call a priest and tell him to save me.
,Recommended,413410,23665180,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Frost | Yami,"---THIS REVIEW CONTAINS NO SPOILERS---Alright so I finished this game around 1 year ago but I just felt that I should write a proper review about it.Danganronpa is according to me one of the best VN series that has ever been made. It has a twist in its gameplay, the story is interesting, the characters are interesting, and the game overall is interesting. The only two things that I think could make the player dislike the game, is the fact that the artwork is anime based, and as there are some people who hate anime artwork, they might find this game annoying. The other potential issue is that the prologue might make some people bored as it's quite long and mainly focuses on getting to know the characters.The story focuses on a young boy named Makoto Naegi that has been chosen as one of the students on Hope's Peak High School. A school made specifically for the most talented people in the world. However, Makoto did not have any talent what so ever, he simply were chosen by chance as the Ultimate High School Lucky Student. The school is supposed to give the students guaranteed success in the future. When Makoto steps into the school however, everything went black and he woke up in the school with 14 other students with different talents. The windows are sealed and they are completely trapped inside the school. Eventually, the principle appeared and told them that in order to escape the school, they have to kill eachother. I can't really write anymore about the story without spoiling but trust me, it's worth the score.Story overall: 10/10There are 14 different characters you can interact with and form different relationships with throughout the game. They all have different personalities and are pretty likeable. Be careful not to be too much attached to a specific character however as they might be brutally killed next day.Characters overall: 10/10The background is very well done and detailed and the different rooms and floors in the school always bring something interesting and different.Background overall: 8/10The gameplay shifts between walking around first person interacting with the different students, and simply reading the novel as a book which still allows you to interact and make different choices. The first person view is pretty basic. It looks like it's made in unity and therefore has unity quality but it really fits in this game for some reason.Gameplay overall: 9/10There are different mindblowing twists throughout the game which makes the game even more fascinating and interesting. Once you have finished reading the first chapter, you probably will get addicted.The game overall: 10/10For me, it's really hard to describe with words how good this game is and I'm quite sure that if you buy this game, you really won't regret it."
76561198158027172,Recommended,413410,23894311,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Frik Brik,Its hard to put into words what this game made me feel. Firstly it kept killing off the likable characters which kinda upset me for the next 10 secs. Then I reliezed i didnt much care for the main character at first but he got more tolerble. The reactions for the characters are so full of emotion and or fit their character very well instead of forcing the same reaction on each character it made them diverse. It surprised me with the plot which i very much enjoyed while at the same time filling my ego to make me feel like a badass detective even though Kyoko solved the majority. Plus you want to hate Monokuma but at the same time its hard to because he is a strangely lovable character. Anyway this game is a new favorite of mine its at least in my top 20 games ever.P.s. The end of game new game plus mode cracked me up
,Recommended,413410,34817791,Posted: 8 September,all,pat_the_taco,"The closed circle murder mystery idea interested me but I was initially hesitant to play this game because while I want to enjoy horror it can sometimes be too much for me. After completing this game (and it's sequel) I can say not only was I not dissappointed, but Danganronpa is one of my favorite franchises I have had the pleasure to expirence. It was a mixture of the pop/anime art style, goofy characters and deep secrets that the game held that kept me playing to the very end."
,Recommended,413410,21907137,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Beebopaloobopa,"Thoroughly enjoyable story that kept me engrossed throughout, and the trial gameplay is like Pheonix Wright but ~4x as interesting. Also a really solid port with Windows, OS X, and Linux support. Fantastic."
,Recommended,413410,21909056,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Pudding Please,The social links from Persona with the court cases of Pheonix Wright with influence from Battle Royale.
,Recommended,413410,21890258,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,jojo,10/10
,Recommended,413410,21909811,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,afonsojoaoroque,One of the best VN's that I have ever played.I reccomend it to everyone who loves to solve great murder mysterious.
76561197967884957,Recommended,413410,21894713,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Archaios,"I definitely recommend this title to anyone, but I'll start with the few things that may deter people. First, the characters are fascinating, but a bit exaggerated at times. This shouldn't be a problem for anyone who watches a lot of anime, but it may annoy some people. They develop well over the course of the game. Second, there is not much ""gameplay"" to speak of. The game falls more in line with an adventure title where you interact with the environment on a pretty basic level and talk with the characters.If those things didn't deter you, then you should give this game a shot. It's hard to explain much without possibly spoiling what makes the game so great. As mentioned previously, the characters are original (albeit still a bit exaggerated) and are much deeper than they may first appear. The mystery takes many twists and turns that kept me playing, and when I wasn't playing I was thinking about it. Even after completing it I will probably still be thinking about it up until the sequel gets released on Steam in April.I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,413410,21950611,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ShadoNinjaX,"If you like Ace Attorney, you'll love this game.The artwork is fantastic. The pop up backgrounds and furniture were an interesting concept, however rotating the screen around got tedious after a while, and really just became a nuisance.The audio is pretty good too. Not much to comment there, cause it's all original, but I like it all.The character models and personalities are fantastic. Each character has a distinct personality to them. No 2 characters are alike.(Well, maybe a couple here and there, but the majority aren't). It goes to show that even though someone may look like something on the outside, on the inside, they can be an entirely different person.Finally, the gameplay. A lot like Phoenix Wright, because you go to different areas, finding clues (Truth Bullets) and Testimonies (Accounts). In between trials, you get free time, which you can use to bond with the other characters. But choose wisely, because you never know if the person you bond with will be the next one to be killed...I got lucky and that never happened :3.After someone has been murdered and you found all the clues, you go on to a class trial. The one main problem I have with this is that there are WAAAAAAAAAY too many components. The first trial, it's basic. Testimonies, counters, proof, account of what happened. Then during the next ones, you get a bunch of added difficult things that block the easy path, which REALLY gets confusing after a while. However, after you get used to it, the challenge is actually amusing and fun. So I guess it's not really that bad after all.The plot is...mindblowing. It's like something expected, however with a bunch of other twists and turns that will leave you shocked and aspired. Well worth the 33$.All in all, this is a great port of a great game. I'd definitely reccomend this to anyone who likes Phoenix Wright, or just likes law.Solid 9.75/10. Couple tidbits here and there, but overall, amazing.Can't wait for the next one! (April 18th)"
,Recommended,413410,21909614,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Tuchanka,"Good soundtrack, good art, good story, gameplay can be a bit repetitive at some points but only a little."
,Recommended,413410,21934447,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Step2MyBeat39,I never expected this game to be THIS addictive!!!!!!!! I stayed on it for almost 7 hours straight and the only reason I didnt reach more hours first go is because I was kicked off.
,Recommended,413410,33919113,Posted: 30 July,all,ConflictedCelery,"Do you like Yu-Gi-Oh's ridiculous hairdo's? Great, you'll fit right in."
,Recommended,413410,21888262,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Scout's_Rebellion,"I was one of those people who saw the anime before playing the game. So, while this did make it easier for me to know ""whodunnit"" it didn't make it any easier to watch the punishments or to put together the goddamn comic strip during the trials. For the record, AsahinaXSakura is best ship. You will meet all the characters, pick a couple favorites, watch as they get brutally murdered, cry your eyes out, then repeat. It's a great game, can't wait for the release of the second one on April 18th!"
,Recommended,413410,21938754,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,whattawiseguy,Can't wait for the second one's Steam release!
,Recommended,413410,22258281,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Glace,"I just finished this game, and I think it is more than worth your time. A game  that has amazing charaters, A very good story that is told in a creative style, and will keep you engaged until the very end. From case to case, the killer is never inherently easy to find out. (Except for the first one) There are verying twists in the story that will have you wondering what the game would actually do, how far the game will go to make whatever you are doing more clouded in your head, and harder to put together. The characters have great development with their report card, and also provide an oppurtunity to figure out their backstory, and how they develop as people while the killing game comenses. Overall, this was an amazing game, and I am excited to play the sequel as it comes to steam."
76561198169770041,Recommended,413410,32201624,Posted: 5 June,all,Sine,"A game worth buying.It's a outstanding game, but not a outstanding visual novel."
,Recommended,413410,35227862,Posted: 26 September,all,Baben O Haze,"Even for those who aren't into the visual novel genre, Danganonpa offers unexpected mysteries and good story development. It uses typical character anime tropes but puts a twist on them which is refreshing especially for those who are very familiar with Japanese anime/manga. It gets you addicted right away but your favorite characters always die  which seems to be an overarching theme :( Missing my waifusCan't wait to play 2 and 3. Also, ♥♥♥♥ hangman's gambit. Only con, such a waste of time. That and the walking mechanism can be a bit time consuming even with the teleporting on the map."
,Recommended,413410,25898191,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Buck Appleseed,"Oh man Danganronpa what a wild ride this game was. Originally when I first saw this game I thought nothing of it but after hearing great things about the game I just had to buy this game and see what all the fuss was about. Now after playing through the entire game I can safely say this game was worth both the money I paid for it and the amount of time it took to complete it.First off the story manages to hook you in right you away and never lets go even at the end because of the fact that there is a sequel to this game which I am definitely going to buy. I could say some of the things that make the story amazing but that would require me to spoil most of the game.Secondly Danganronpa has an amazing and diverse cast of characters. These characters all come from different walks of life and you learn more about them as you fill out their report cards. You fill out these report cards by hanging out with them, giving them presents, and listening to what they have to say. As a result every single character is very well developed and you are bound to have a favorite character.Thirdly Danganronpa manages to mix fun and engaging gameplay with gripping storytelling that will keep you on the edge of your seat. One part of the gameplay involves investigating a crime scene so you can uncover the truth of what really happened. The other part of the gameplay involves trials where you must use your wits and quick thinking to uncover lies and contradictions in the statements of the characters. This is done through a series of minigames. The first minigame involves taking a truth bullet and shooting the lie or contradiction in the series of statements. The second minigame involves you spelling out a crucial piece of evidence by shooting the missing letters. The third minigame involves you taking part in a battle to try and prove a person wrong if they are being stubborn. The final minigame involves you filling in the missing panels in the style of a comic book.Lastly Danganronpa also has an amazing soundtrack which manages to play at just the right moments. After listening to the soundtrack it made me like the game even more than I originally did.In conclusion, Danganronpa is a game that manages to take fun and engaging gameplay and mixes it together with gripping storytelling, memorable characters, a very well composed soundtrack, and beautiful visuals which results in a amazingly crafted video game which has now become one of my favorite video games of all time. Overall I rate this game a 10/10. Definitely looking forward to playing the sequel."
76561198203099629,Recommended,413410,35150181,Posted: 23 September,all,Sarabellatrixx,"I just finished and... wow. This game blew my mind. It's in smithereens, all across the floor.I was on the edge of my seat the entire time, racking my brain for clues and trying to guess ""whodunnit"". I'm not proud to say that I only guessed the right person once, but hey, those murders got super complicated! I'm glad we had Kiyoko, otherwise Makoto and all the others would be long dead by now. Cause seriously, a LOT of thought went into this game and the murders! Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥My final verdict: The character development, the story, the art, is all a solid 11/10. This game is a masterpiece. Any crime/thriller detective fanboys who watch the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of C.S.I will yelp with joy!I'm super stoked to get my hands on the second volume! Monokuma, bring it on!"
,Recommended,413410,35269478,Posted: 28 September,all,BlaZZeReD,"BackgroundI'm a big fan of the Ace Attorney games, and I have completed most of them so I was hungering for more ""Investigations + Trials"", so I figured I would give this series a shot, since it seems pretty similar.It certainly is similar enough to recommend to Ace Attorney fans, but its also different enough to where it's unfair to say which is better, there is no competetion between the two since they have completely different styles of trials, and the stories aren't even comparable.You may be able to compare characters, just for the fun of it though.Makoto = WrightByakuya = EdgeworthSayaka = MayaYasuhiro = GumshoeKyoko = MiaCelestia = Franziskaetc.ReviewThe Positives* Daganronpa is very story driven, and the writing is amazing.So much mystery behind the school, and mystery behind the murders that take place.* Many of the characters are pretty annoying, in my opinion, but they all have their own personalities which you can connect with and maybe even relate too.You'll definitley want to be careful with getting connected with characters. It can lead to heartbreaks.* I often hear others say the trials are long and last hours, but I was able to completemostof them within 30mins-1hour.I beat the game in 33 hours.* The soundtrack is great, it doesn't fail to help get immsersed in the experience.* When there is voice acting, which is mainly during the trials, it isn't bad. It isn't great either, but its not bad at all.The NegativesThere aren't that many negatives to the game.* As I mentioned earlier, some of the characters are pretty annoying. During the trials you'll just want them to stop talking since they're not adding anything, but they're obviously there to add some humor, it just didn't work for me personally.Only 3 characters, including yourself, really even DO anything in the trials, while everyone else either makes humorous comments, calls accusations, just ask questions, or just repeat what there is an understanding of. From time to time one of the other characters may say something interesting, but it isn't common.* During the game you will be givenFree Timewhich is when you can initially build friendships with fellow students.This is basically useless. It doesn't really add much to the story, except maybe learning some of that characters background, which itself is not really much as you only learn very small aspects about them that you really wont care much about.It wont really effect the story, it wont add anything to trials, there is no actual ""relationship"" that is built, no dialogue is added to the story, no connection is made between your character and them.You get perks, which you wont even really need. That's it.There is nothing that happens between you and the other characters that is based off your friendship level. No extra dialague that will be added throughout gameplay, nothing. Its not even like you do any activities together.You literally only get perks and a very very small backstory that will make hardly any difference as to how you see the character.You are given an option to hang out with them, or not. If you choose to hangout with them, it will say ""you grew closer to each other"", and that is it. Then eventually you're given a perk, and that is it. They get a star next to their name in your book, and that ends that. No bond is actually built, there is no relationship or dating, there is no added dialague throughout the game...With some, you may have an interesting conversation once you do max out your friendship, but its a one time deal, and as I keep saying it makes no difference to what happens later in the game. No reference is ever made to your friendship with that character.As you may tell, this is probably the biggest problem in the game, which should actually say a lot on how good the game actually is, seeing as this problem isn't ACTUALLY that big of a deal. :)* This game had a really bad habit of pretending to give you an option in a situation, when there was no actual option at all.Ex:Game: Do you want [milk] or [eggs]?Me: I choose [milk]Game: Oops! Sorry there is no [milk]!Game: So do you want [milk] or [eggs]?Me: ................(This isn't in the game, this is just an example I made up to show what the game does)* There were a few unanswered questions. Danganronpa fans may say ""They're answered in the sequals"", but they aren't story based questions, but more logical questions that are left unanswered.How were the execution machines even built?Why was there a control room built in the first place?Why was the court room built in the first place?How did Monokuma manage to achieve the motives?I could be picky, and add some small negatives that don't effect the atmosphere at all, like being able to run around in first person and not look staight up or staight down, but as I said that is just being picky and doesn't effect the atmosphere or story at all.RatingThis is a game you'll have to play for yourself. For most, I think, it takesdaysto beat because they don't grind it, but I grinded the game and it took me 33hrs to beat.There is a bonus, uncanon, ""school mode"" that you can play that is about building replicas of the bearbot (lol) and building friendships with the other students that you may not have during the story mode, however like I said no actual relationship is built. You get perks and that's it. There is no actual connection made between your character and theres and it impacts nothing.It's pretty much Ace Attorney + SAW, in a way.Rating:9/10"
,Recommended,413410,34873563,Posted: 10 September,all,Sora,Go around a killing game hoping your waifu doesn't die10/10 would go for hope again
76561198085052336,Recommended,413410,34737328,Posted: 4 September,all,Artorias,How am I supposed to go back to Telltale's games after this?
,Recommended,413410,35394195,Posted: 1 October,all,MayoHing,Really goooooood
,Recommended,413410,35053544,Posted: 18 September,all,Qwackas,Best damn Visual Novel type game ever made. Great story that'll have you guessing all the way through.
,Recommended,413410,35481709,Posted: 4 October,all,AraiShadow,"Phupupupupu~After playing this again since PsVita release, it's still ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Buy it now or I will shower you with despair."
76561198316100331,Recommended,413410,28443634,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sweet~Mikan,"An amazing game. I really enjoyed playing it and I can't wait to check out Danganronpa 2!! If you love detective games, this is absolutely one of the best ones."
76561198119018366,Recommended,413410,22389229,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,MikeTheMagnific,"This game is not the best in series in terms of cases, but for it being the first game, it really tells a story."
,Recommended,413410,24394938,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Cumaru,gr8 gamerate it 110/37
,Recommended,413410,28799657,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,benjamin,kill or be killed
,Recommended,413410,21437976,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Savor_Savvy,What an epic way to mix sleuth with horror....and a crazy♥♥♥♥♥bear.
,Recommended,413410,21477863,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Supernatantem,"Do you like psychotic mono-coloured bears that upupupu all over the place? Do you like donuts? Do you like the colour pink? If you answered yes to all three, then this game is probably for you.Donuts aside, this game is fantastic if you're looking for hours (we're talking over 20 hours on a single playthough?) of fantastic gameplay, with an extremely characteristic and diverse cast followed by many bad puns. You find yourself at Hope's Peak Academy - a school for super duper teenagers who are the best in their fields (if you count gangs, and otakus as 'fields' that is). A two-tone bear then pops up and well, all hell breaks lose.I have already seen the anime based on this game several times, so I was extremely familiar with the story. Some may ask ""Well, what's the point?"" but the game just includes so much more. Not to mention you've got the class trials which are quick paced and full of fun little minigames, and you also get to befriend the characters and learn a lot more about them as well.I couldn't recommend this game more, I was so psyched when it was revealed for PC. If you enjoy murder-mysteries and visual novels then this game is for you. Most definitely the best anime/visual novel based game on Steam.I rate this game 11037 / 10"
,Recommended,413410,21479651,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MasterDave,"One of the best visual novels I've ever played... If you enjoy Visual Novels with a great story and/or Mystery style games, than this game is the one for you."
,Recommended,413410,21655276,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,dnx3,"Take one part Phoenix Wright, and one part LSD, and you get Danganronpa.It's a surprisingly good combination."
,Recommended,413410,21659703,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,foxjasond,"Anyone who is a fan of the Phoenix Wright series would be right at home here. The main gameplay during trials has a very similar feel (using evidence to find contradictions), but has a much more active feel to it.Story is really good, and there are great cast of great personalities that make up the cast.The game has an extremely good localization job, with a number of very well done jokes and references I weren't expecting. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,413410,24888018,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DimDito,"This is a visual novel with gameplay elements, not a mystery game that plays like a visual novel. You must understand this.Danganronpa is a mish-mash between a mystery VN, a flash dating sim, and several small minigames. It reeks of Japan, which might be either a good or bad thing depending on your preferences. Story-wise, it's great, almost as brilliant as a Zero Escape game. More than anything, the game focuses on its plot and characterization, not so much on its looks (and it shows).The problem for me, however, is the way it tries too much to be something PLAYABLE, instead of something sufficiently READABLE. The gameplay elements (which felt like disconnected minigames) became unnecessary ramification to an otherwise relatively simple game aimed at younger audiences (relative to ZE) with puzzles quite simple to solve, for me at least, so much so that sometimes I have trouble in trials whenever the correct answer is something I didn't pick for being too obvious.Still, I do recommend this game for its story alone, and I honestly did enjoy the eroge bits a little since the characters--despite falling into stereotypes--are still interesting to say the least. Also they did something interesting with the villain towards the end of the game which I really, REALLY LOVED. <3IN SHORT: The game is stuck in a limbo between catering to mystery fanatics and casual gamers, although the game might be incohesive enough for the gameplay to compromise the story experience, and vice versa."
,Recommended,413410,29558509,Posted: 28 January,all,Punk Rock Princess,This game really made me think.
,Recommended,413410,28960876,Posted: 2 January,all,☾ Patchouli Knowledge ☾,"Do note that the author of this review is still somewhat in the middle of the first playthrough (3 cases cleared as of yet).But really, there's not too much to say.First of all, that's an amazing VN. No matter what am I going to see once I get further, I'll likely still be standing by those words.One couple of simple question have been keeping me attached to the screen on and on. That is - 'What is going to happen next? Who's going to die? How did the killer carry out the deed?'As someone who greatly enjoyed the Ace Attorney series, this game lets me experience the same amazing feeling of solving mysteries once more. After all, that's really what attracted me the most in AA, and does so in this game as well.The soundtrack is pretty nice does supplement the atmosphere quite well pretty much at any given moment.The characters do have quite a bit of backstory and getting to know what's in their past is yet another mystery for the player to reveal.If you've ever played AA and liked it (as if someone could notgasp, someone's not liking the game I like) - you've gotta play this game too. And even if you did not, the game probably deserves your attention regardless."
76561198139585170,Recommended,413410,21629243,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Madley,An almost solid port to PC  after a quick update fixing most issues. The game is a great choice when it comes to visual novels and if you have the chance you should give the game an attempt. pupupupupu
,Recommended,413410,22001923,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ariyadi,"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc jadi salah satu game paling unik yang pernah saya mainkan. Menggabungkan genre Visual Novel, Misteri, Detektif, Dating Sim, bahkan sedikit FPS kedalamnya, Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc menjadi salah satu game paling seru & menegangkan.Cerita (10/10)Tidak ada alasan untuk tidak memberi nilai 10 untuk segi cerita. Dibangun dengan sangat matang, cerita Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc benar2 sangat sulit ditebak, asalkan kita belum menonton animenya yang sudah dirilis 2013 silam.Kita bakal disuguhi kasus yang begitu rumit dan tricky untuk dianalisis. Cuma pada kasus pertama kita diberi petunjuk yang begitu jelas untuk diungkap, namun jangan harap bisa mengungkap kasus kedua hingga terakhir dengan mudah. Semua clue begitu membingungkan hingga ""Class Trial"" dimulai.Gameplay (9/10)Seperti yang dikatakan sebelumnya, Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc menggabungkan genre Visual Novel, Misteri, Detektif, Dating Sim, bahkan sedikit FPS kedalamnya.20 menit pertama, kita akan melihat gameplay standar Visual Novel yang linear & membosankan, namun selanjutnya kita bebas untuk bermain layaknya game dating sim (atau lebih mirip social link pada Persona 3 & 4) kita bisa menghabiskan waktu dengan seorang karakter, mendapatkan info personal tentangnya dan mendapatkan skill yang berguna pada ""Class Trial"". Kita bisa memilih dengan siapa kita menghabiskan waktu. Kita pun juga bebas menjelajah sekolah dengan mode first person.Seiring progress cerita, kita mendapatkan sebuah kasus misteri pembunuhan & kita wajib mengungkap kasus tersebut. Kita diminta mengumpulkan petunjuk dan kesaksian setiap karakter (layaknya game point & click ala Telltale games) semua petunjuk & kesaksian yang mengarah pada kasus akan menjadi senjata kita sebagai ""Truth Bullet"".Selanjutnya diadakan ""Class Trial"" untuk mengungkap siapa pelaku dibalik kasus tersebut. Semua karakter akan beradu argumen untuk mengungkap setiap aspek misteri dalam kasus melalui nonstop debate. Beberapa karakter akan mengungkapkan argumen lemah dalam debat. Tugas kita cukup menembak argumen lemah yang tidak sesuai dengan ""Truth Bullet"" yang kita miliki layaknya genre FPS (walaupun sebenarnya yang kita tembak hanyalah kalimat).Terakhir kita menyusun semua aspek misteri menjadi sebuah satu kesatuan adegan saat terjadinya kasus tersebut. Pelaku  & semua yang dia lakukan terungkap, ""Class Trial"" selesai & kita akan kembali menjalani kehidupan sehari2 dengan mode dating sim."
,Recommended,413410,30925099,Posted: 3 April,all,Munry,"What a game. Heavily recommend this to people who like anime and potentially those who don't. Can also be good if you want to get into visual novels but can't be a**ed to play a reading game and still need some gameplay. I promise, it won't leave you without emotion at the end."
,Recommended,413410,33158471,Posted: 2 July,all,Rooky,"There areno spoilersin this review.Before we start the review, please read my synopsis of Danganronpa below. If you're interested in what you read there, then the rest of this review should be a worthwhile read. There's no point in playing a story-heavy game if the game's story doesn't even interest you!Synopsis:You and many other students are trapped in a school, and the only way to escape from the school is to win a murder game. In this murder game, students must kill their classmates and get away with the crime. After every murder is a trial. The remaining students gather to determine the identity of the murderer, and to prove his/her guilty. If the students choose correctly, the murderer is executed and the game continues. If the students choose wrongly, everyone but the murderer is executed and the murderer is set free.It is your goal as the player to escape the school.---If you're interested in what you've just read, please read on. My review begins here.Please note that I played the game with the following:a gamepad (specifically, an Xbox One controller)Japanese voices onlogic difficulty set to ""Mean""action difficulty set to ""Mean""borderless fullscreen mode onDanganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc...+ is a solid performer and port.The game...runs at a constant 60 FPS.supports many screen resolutions.has a borderless fullscreen mode.+ is a well-told story filled with murder mysteries.The story...does an excellent job of inspiring fear and anxiety in the player. The game likes to remind you that death and despair are always nearby.encourages the player to hypothesize.involves murder mysteries that are elaborate and well-designed.is well-paced. Never do the lulls between events start to feel long.is full of surprises...+ is stylish and well-produced.The game...sports a uniquely eerie pop-up book look.features a strong Japanese voice acting effort. The performances for Monokuma and the mastermind are simply excellent.+ stars an endearingly strange cast.The cast members...are memorable. Some are memorably cool, some memorably wacky, and some memorably detestable. This game is home to one/some of my favorite villains of all time.are more complex than they first seem. It's not easy to discern friends from foes.+/- features thrilling gameplay that sadly feels out of place.The class trial gameplay...demands timing and accuracy from the player, effectively creating tension.feels out of place because it tests timing and accuracy more than it tests logic.is finicky. You must attack very specific statements with specific arguments. Even when you have the right idea, you may still have some trouble making progress during a trial. Finding the correct statement gets annoying when the correct statement is accompanied by similar statements.The general visual novel adventure gameplay...is standard fare, and likely would not appeal to visual novel nonfans.- is easy, even on the hardest difficulty settings.The game...tends to ""guide"" the player toward the right answer.distastefully forgiving given its theme of despair.My final thoughts:This game is super sick. I say that despite the fact that I have played two standout titles this year: Persona 5 and NieR:Automata. While I don't think Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc tops either one of those games, I think it measures up quite well against them. It's got about as much personality as either game, and it's got story-telling that tops Persona 5's and hangs with NieR:Automata's. This game really was a surprise hit for me.In closing, I highly recommend Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc to visual novel fans. I'm almost certain those folks will enjoy this game. Fans of other genres should give this game a chance. If you're interested in solving murder mysteries, try a friend's copy or pick the game up at a discount. This game shouldn't be overlooked."
,Recommended,413410,25051080,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,bennpai,Everyone you love will die10/10
,Recommended,413410,22972375,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Shitpost McDadjoke,"THRILLS! CHILLS! KILLS!!!!!  ʕ•ᴥ~ʔPut Phoenix Wright and Steins;Gate in a blender, start blending, then stick your arm in => Danganronpa!"
76561198003437215,Recommended,413410,30646230,Posted: 20 March,all,Eery,My favorite game series. A mystery and journey you will never forget.
,Recommended,413410,21490340,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Unrivaled Super Hottie,yes
,Recommended,413410,21510856,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,sexycowboy123,pros:-really relateable characters- funny dialogue- the trials put you on edge- bromance- giving mondo oowada a hand bracons:- all of your favorite characters die- hifumi's small legsoverall gr8 game pls play it
,Recommended,413410,21642560,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Nickolas Cat,"If you enjoy Murder Mysteries, this game is perfect for youIt's a Visual Novel, do remember that, but it still has enough game things going on for it that you can call it a game"
76561198003415677,Recommended,413410,21698257,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Aegix Drakan,"Do you like Murder Mysteries?Did you enjoy any of the Zero Escape (9 hours 9 persons 9 doors / 999, Virtue's Last Reward) games?  Got a hankering for the trial segments of Phoenix Wright but wish they were (even) more awesome?If you said yes to any of those questions, you need this game in your life YESTERDAY.  This game is a masterful Murder Mystery game, with virtually every possible ""fun"" type of murder mystery you can think of put to use.  It's remarkably creative and will keep you hooked until you unwind every last one of the mysteries that await.Here's the deets:You're a student about to join a SUPER prestigious high school that you got into by pure luck.  Then you get knocked out on walking in, and suddenly you find yourself trapped in the school (with metal sheets screwed over the windows and gun turrets blocking the exit) alongside 14 other students.Then, you are informed by your supposed headmaster (in the guise of a creepy duo-tone bear thing) that you are all trapped there forever.  UNLESS you can literally get away with Murder.  Yes that's right.  LITERALLY.  The only way to ""graduate"" is to murder a fellow student and get away with it.  Further, the mastermind assures you that if you can figure out whodunit in each case, only the killer gets executed (in an ironic way, relating to their theme).  But if you can't figure out who the killer is and pick the wrong person...They get let off the hook and are allowed to leave the school and everyone else dies instead!What follows is a story of trust, betrayal, deception, and a hunt for the truth.  Oh.  And Despair.  LOTS of Despair.  ...So much Despair.  ;_;Gameplay is divided into 3 segments.Daily Life / Free Time, where story stuff happens and you get to roam the school and chat with the other students to become friends (and in so doing, learn ""skills"" that are super useful and give you a serious edge in the other segments of the game).Deadly life / Investigation, where you find out a Murder has occured and you need to look for clues as to who the culprit is.  Once you've gathered all the possible clues, it's time for...Class Trial.  Where you engage in non-stop debates and need to ""shoot"" your evidence (represented as ""truth bullets"") into the right statements as the other characters make them (requiring timing and accuracy as well as logic, since the dialogue progresses on it's own!), do ""complete the word"" minigames, standard ""present the right evidence"" segments, memorizing statements to fire them back at people, shooting and destroying distracting ""white noise"" statements"" and eventually short rhythm-game battles where you force an uncooperative character to shut their pie hole and swallow that decisive evidence they just wanna deny away.  It's amazingly fun.Finally, it has a fantastic cast of characters, who while being kinda arch-typical or over-the-top at times, are also very likeable/hateable, and fun to play off of.  As well as the most outrageously hateable villain I have ever seen.  GOD I hate that freakin' bear and want to-(*trails off into a million horrible fates*)Now then, I have to add a new school Regulation!  ""Not playing this game after this review interests you will be counted as not completing homework, and will be punished appropriately!  BY DEATH!"""
,Recommended,413410,25141899,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ToastCrust,"Dangan Ronpa features sharp character designs, largely commendable localization, and fun, hyperbolic characters. Please check it out if the character designs appeal to you and you enjoy murder mystery/killing game stories.However, be forewarned that the mysteries aren't quite as complex (if you'd say, played Ace Attorney before, most of the mysteries will be largely trifling to you) and there's pretty clumsy gameplay involved. You may want to set the Logic to Mean to add more noise to the possible solutions, and set the other difficulty to Kind, to remove some of the friction from the clumsy mechanics, though that won't really cure the central shortcomings of this game.That said, if you like anime, you'll probably enjoy the writing of this game enough to push past its flaws. There's one part where the localization does fall apart, and that's at the 6 letter Hangman's Gambit in Chapter 2 with the H and I in the middle. That bit is a very unfortunate instance of awful localization work."
,Recommended,413410,21694683,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,GreenPowerStar,"Upupupupu... Can you solve the mysteries of Hope's Peak and make it through this game of life or death?...Well, you certainly can't if you don't buy this game! Unless you pirate it, but that's mean and illegal. So buy this game and unravel the story, uncover the revelations, and solve the mysteries!And don't look up ANYTHING. Spoilers ruin the experience!"
,Recommended,413410,31578581,Posted: 6 May,all,Susan,I played this game and I now have 3 new waifus.
,Recommended,413410,33062048,Posted: 30 June,all,stu.oldskoolded,its like phonix wright but with waifus and your frav waifu dies
,Recommended,413410,26234042,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,FragmantizedLemon,A great mystery thriller VN that is akin to Ace Attorney but faster pacedThe only difference is you can't have a favourite character here as they're bound to die
,Recommended,413410,31736680,Posted: 13 May,all,Ray,"Despair/20Would watch the anime,Buy the sequel,Replay the game again."
,Recommended,413410,25393665,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Herro hooman ฅ(•ㅅ•❀),Great game for anyone that loves solving mysteries!!!
,Recommended,413410,34591691,Posted: 29 August,all,Starswept Dusk,"Speaking as an outsider to the anime fandom, i was intrigued at the glowing reviews and reputation this game has. Anime fan or not, as a passionate gamer, i was compelled to play it, to see what the fuss was all about. The short version is that i am glad i did.So this is a visual novel, so lets talk about characters. It really reminded me of the Phoenix Wright games, just with the melodrama and anime trope wackiness pushed as far as it will go. It took a while for me to adapt to the over the top acting, hammy delivery and outright abstract dialogue. The characters would behave in very strange ways, playing up an extreme anime character stereotype, which initially was pretty annoying. But as time went on, i became attached to several of the characters. Some more than others, and some i never grew to like, because they were too far gone down the ""playing to a very specific japanese mans fetish trope"" rabbit hole. The main antagonist was delightfully obnoxious, devious and sadistic. The protagonist was too defined, because i prefer being able to have some flexibility in how you play your protagonist. The supporting cast is varied, wacky and often times has other sides to thier personality.So next up is writing. It's pretty clever. And in the case of some of the more climactic scenes, pretty brilliant. There are many many twists and opportunities to pick up on small details and get one step ahead. Sometimes trials get pretty ridiculous with piles of evidence and confessions being ignored in favour of continuing another line of thinking. Feels liek theres a little too much meddling with evidence and characters lying for almost no reason. Sometimes though, most of the time its fine.It's a game, so lets talk gameplay. Well, first theres the free roam sections, which are filled with story of course. You spend your time searching for objects to look at and people to talk to. When an investigation is happening, it can occasionally get unintuitive. So you may lose an hour or so trying to figure out what plant pot you havent clicked on. More common towards the end. I had to use a guide because i wasnt willing to walk through all the floors of the school for a couple hours to track down the one thing i havent clicked on.The bulk of the gameplay of course is the trials themselves. I don't like the gun gimmick, at all. You have to aim and shoot at phrases in order to make points with a gun. You need to manage your ""truth bullets"" and the characters repeat thier sialogue over and over until you ""shoot"" the rigth words with the right bullet. Needless and adds nothing to the game. Theres alot of pointless minigames in the court system and it contributes to the surreal theme at best, and actively hurts the scenes at worst. A simple menu would have been just fine, no need to be so up your own behind to neglect the tried and true ""menu"". One more gripe with the court is that sometimes, it is hard to know what the game wants from you. Like, most of the time, your bullet is evidence and what you shoot is what you want to contradict. Other times, it's less predictable. Like i had three extremely similar peices of evidence that would have contradicted this one phrase, but of course the game only accepts one of them. Sometimes theres more than one logical approach to an argument, but the game only accepts one approach. So sometimes its less about ""how can i refute this"" and more about trying to predict the flow of the writers script.For music and visuals, i'd say they are very appealing. With the exception of magenta blood. Yeah, in this fairly violent game, all blood is magenta. Even though in game dialogue describes it is red. Why? I mean, you're going to see alot of it, and it's going to take you right out of it as you are reminded these aliens contain fluids that belong in printers more than they do in organic beings. The executions themself i feel are free reign for the crazy ideas the author has and are really odd, but fits with the tone quite well.In conclusion, its well worth the asking price. If I, as someone who doesnt enjoy anime or melodrama all that much can enjoy this anime melodrama, i'd say chance are high you will also enjoy it."
,Recommended,413410,22250602,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Blattdorf,"Excellent game, excellent port."
,Recommended,413410,33919116,Posted: 30 July,all,Ultimate Witch,"Danganronpa is probably my favorite game. Its storytelling is absolutely amazing, and you really grow to love some of these characters before they're ripped away from you without a second thought. The art style is beautiful, the music is amazing, and even the grindier bits of the game for 100% completion are still fun. Definitely recommend this to those who want a great murder mystery game, and I also recommend its successors, Danganronpa 2 and Danganronpa: Another Episode."
,Recommended,413410,34067229,Posted: 6 August,all,✪ illyasviel -ubw-,Super duper awesome game
,Recommended,413410,23030771,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ogir,"Awsome idea, really good presentation. This game got me really hooked up from the beginning til the very end, but still you have to be really forgiving for some ocasional plot holes (and the end... I really didnt like it, but it is my personal opinion).Overall I recomend!"
,Recommended,413410,23459562,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sir Grodus,Bring out your inner weeb and feel some of the strongest despair you'll ever feel.
,Recommended,413410,32549931,Posted: 18 June,all,RRetrokid,"Respect all hall monitors, they have it harder than you think.8/10, needs less jerks with glasses"
,Recommended,413410,23906800,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Blindeduif,Its a ride recommended for everyone not turned of by a lot of text.
,Recommended,413410,33769598,Posted: 24 July,all,Kinka Tsihon,All my friends are dead.
76561198035470162,Recommended,413410,21332980,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jaquo Da Jester,"I've played the fan translated version, the vita, and now this (well, will). But I'm telling you now if it gets us Danganronpa 2 and possibly the anime of said DR2, I will be all over it like chili on a hot dog. You should be too not only to SUPPORT Chunsoft, but to get more AWESOME games like this on STEAM!Monokuma is love, Monokuma is life!"
76561197983241416,Recommended,413410,21334036,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Goodtime Goodboy,"Still the best visual novel I've ever played.At least on par with Hatoful Boyfriend and I do not say that lightly as a connoiseur of visual novels, which is to say I've played 3 of them.PC port seems good! Great chance to experience it if you aren't a Vita owner."
,Recommended,413410,21335216,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dark_Enchantress,I can feel the despair
,Recommended,413410,21344589,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Crashsune,"***Don't check Wiki's/Google anything related to the game to avoid spoilers! (The Wiki in its entireity is not spoiler tagged!!!)***TLDR: One of my absolute favorite games of all time, perhaps only surpassed by this games sequel, which has been also confirmed to be coming to steam! if you like games like Phoenix Wright give this a try, no doubt about it. If you've played the Vita version before, the PC version is better in that it has up to 4K support, 60FPS, KB plus Mouse support that works better than expected.Danganronpa is, in my opinion, visual novels done right. The game doesn't have much in traditional replay value, but that didn't stop me from getting this version immediately.  It's well written enough that you don't get bored when the game goes full on text mode, but has enough interactivity to be a ""game"" and it breaks up the pacing enough to keep things from getting stale.But that wouldn't matter if the story wasn't interesting or well written, but thankfully, it absolutely is. I could explain why the mystery is so intriguing, the mechanics make a whole lot of sense in the context of the story,  but those would be spoilers in themselves. If you enjoy a good mystery, anime in general, or just love crazy characters to get attached to then try it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,413410,21349730,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Accipehoc,"A linear experience but an enjoyable experience nonetheless.Danganronpa is an incredibly stylistic visual novel with a morbid atmosphere where you play as Makoto Naegi with 14 other students, trapped together, in a prestigious private school known as ""Hope's Peak Academy"". The only way to escape however, is to kill.But wait just one second, there's fine-print, isn't there? T_TIn order to escape or ""graduate"", nobody must know who is the real killer, by placing the blame on someone else, only then, may the blackened one can truly escape from the despair that is Hope's Peak Academy.In a classic ""whodunnit"" game, you're tasked to find clues & evidence leading to the true murderer followed by a showdown in a class trial, piercing through statements & contradictions for the execution judgement. If you get it right, the killer gets punished. If you get it wrong, the real killer walks away and everyone else gets punished i.e. dead.It's a dialogue-heavy game with some engaging gameplay mechanics that'll leave you hooked for more. You just have to try out Danganronpa. It may deter you if you knew there's no multiple-routes in this game which is expected for most visual novel. Hell, if you have no love for visual novels, you might not enjoy this game.(Warning: Don't check on Danganronpa wikia if you haven't played the game, you won't have a great time)"
,Recommended,413410,21330803,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ilirsholla,"The game is great, plot and characters are super interesting, highly recommend it. Hopefully, Danganronpa 2 and Another Episode come to Steam as well!"
,Recommended,413410,21331164,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,spicy,All my favorite characters are dead and I'm crying pain.
,Recommended,413410,21328780,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ketchups92,OBJECTION!This game is objectionable.
,Recommended,413410,21328932,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Seiya,I had only watched the anime version and even though i know how it ends it didnt affect my playthrough because one thing was watching them in the trials and another is being on the trial and presenting the evidence. The game is not that dificult once you understand the trials but still chalenging.11/10 would buy just for the friendly bear
76561198118257493,Recommended,413410,21337501,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,~_InfiNiteAngle~_~Monokuma~,"If you're into 'Murder Mystery' kind of a game, then is the game for you!One of the best ones i have ever played!I highly recommend you to buy it.You will spend ♥♥♥♥-load of hours Investigating, making friends, watching death sentences and much more!You can almost feel the despair in the air!!UPUPUPUP-VOTE"
,Recommended,413410,21341092,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Nobod_E,"Highly enjoyed it. Captivating enough that I finished in 2 sittings, each of which were >10 hours"
,Recommended,413410,21330063,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,[OG] Tragedy15,"One more nail in the coffin, one more foot in the graveOne more time I'm on my knees as I try to walk awayEverything I've loved became everything I lost"
76561198115969771,Recommended,413410,21373611,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Gandaaruvu,I love how the scenes are presented. Nice effects. I can feel the tension as I panic'd on the class trial because there was a countdown timer.Can't wait to play the rest of the chapters!
,Recommended,413410,21331005,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,yung crystal pepsi,"Hard to say much about Danganronpa without spoiling it, but it's a hell of a time. The characters and aesthetic might be a little off-putting to non-anime fans, but they're much more entertaining than you'd think, and are complimented by a well-written, self-aware plot that will keep you guessing. The gameplay has a little more meat to it than most visual novels, and plays like a bizarre mashup of Phoenix Wright, Persona 4, DDR and an arcade-style rail shooter. Yep, it's weird. There's also a pretty trippy soundtrack and a unique graphical style that give Danganronpa its own look and feel.This PC port is also really well-made, and plays great with both KB+M and controller. I put 20 hours into the original Vita version, and with this great port, I think it's safe to say that I'll be taking another semester at Hope's Peak Academy."
,Recommended,413410,21332164,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,OwO,"$24 to hear togami's sweet voice again, i'm convincedthis game is really good. I read it a while back but it's so different playing it. The story is excellent, the music is excellent, and the gameplay is a lot of fun. I can't really think of any negatives. I'm also very happy there's the option for a dubbed or subbed version, as I said before, I bought this mostly to hear Togami talk."
,Recommended,413410,21372577,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Pizzow [G.E.W.P],"Ooh, I like this character!Aaaaaaand they're gone.10/10"
,Recommended,413410,21333982,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,katsumi,"Alright, so I watched the anime and decided to actually invest money in the game, and I have to say I wasn't dissapointed.To start off, the game offers an interesting perspective on the plot/story and contained elements that were otherwise overlooked in the anime. Basically, this goes deeper into characterization and stuff, but I guess that's to be expected since the anime was relatively short. Personally, I'm not a huge fan of visual novels, but found myself captivated and enthralled by it, and, despite already knowing the outcome to each case, it was still enjoyable nonetheless to compile the evidence to each trial. So, people who have watched the anime and are uncertain as to whether they should invest money here, take heed: if you liked the anime, this game is not a dissapointment.That being said, that are some minor things that are offputting. The sprites, mostly in cutscenes, appeared with white edges around them, which detracted away from the overall theme of the setting. Furthuremore, the controls during the trial could've been better optomized to make it feel smoother and whatnot - I found myself repeatedly playing through certain scenes because of controls alone. Despite these, however - I don't think these glitches took away from what really drives this story: the story itself.All in all, if you're a fan of mystery, this game's anime series, visual novels, or just good story-telling in general, this is worth a playthrough."
76561198058727330,Recommended,413410,21336680,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mattimeo1912,"Noting much to say except that this game is amazing. Also I noticed sometimes during the game it would act funky such as muted sounds, screeching replacing the sounds, and the my computer acting funny. However, this was very rare and by that I only noticed this happen 4 times during my main story playthrough."
,Recommended,413410,21342323,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"tl;dr it's ♥♥♥♥ing good, go get it if you need mystery gamesalso spoiler: youre waifu diesDisclaimer: I haven't watched the anime and played the original PSP/Vita or any of the other games, but I do play other VN mystery types on other platforms like PC and DS.- I don't know what to feel about the setting. It's just there and or convenience just to setup the premise of the game. (I'm still in the early parts).- The characters are likeable due to how easy they are to identify (just like one of my cartoons!), and they aren't what they seem they are, at least giving them some personalities.- It's a mystery game. The strongest part of the game is during the trial sessions. They made trial session mixed with at some gameplay at least and others might find it just a chore.- The graphics aren't outstanding but they do stand out (stylized cardboard cutouts, etc) to make the game.- Ballin soundtrack.- The logic problems aren't that hard nor too easy. Just right enough for you not to use a walkthrough (why would you need to use one).- No problems on the port. Or at least on my side. Just make sure to set your sound to, at most, 48Khz. Seems to be a common problem among Japanese ports.- Also, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ They weren't kidding about despair.- DESPAIR- ur favorite waifu dies"
,Recommended,413410,21331143,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Broke Boy CSLottos,Ahhhh the death scenes...Fantastic
,Recommended,413410,21331581,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Panic!,Played  through on vita originally and loved it. PC port is decent
,Recommended,413410,21339997,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,anonymouseling,"Honestly, having been a fan of this series for years going back to when I read through a translated guide for the Japanese PS Vita game, I was more than excited to see this up in the steam store. When the English version came out for the PS Vita I was a little crushed to realise that I didn't have a Vita to play it on and was actually considering just buying one for the series but I guess now I don't have to!If you've seen the anime, or you've watched someone play though it on the PS Vita, then nothing's changed from that. The anime came from the following the game garnered so the story is just the same, but you get to know the characters a lot more and you have to pick up the clues yourself which is rather fun! And as far as I can tell, the difference between PC and Vita is just the hardware you have for your PC really. It seems like a simple port with the added bonus of you get to use either the keyboard and mouse or you can use your own controller.In terms of playing the game itself, I like it. The music is near always on point, there's not very many loading screens and if you do get them be ready for them to disappear in a few seconds if your hardware is of good quality. The characters are all very unique and different, you could say a personality type and there wouldn't be two of the same in the cast of characters. I also really like the designs of the characters, and the overall way they look is very stylistic as well. Though their eyes seem constantly wide open, even when they're relaxing I can't blame them in a school of murder.I guess one thing that's a little bit weird is that you can tell what part of a character is going to move in I suppose the ""cutscenes"". When a text conversation moves from a backdrop and a character to a drawn screen, sometimes you'll notice that the characters will have a white outline and sometimes their arm might have a line between the arm and the shoulder. Click along a couple of times and that arm will move for example. It's rather minor and if you're reading the text it doesn't matter but still it's definitely something people with sharp eyes would notice so it's something to point out.And another thing, be careful when you get the launcher up on the first time that you open up the game. If you're not sure of the resolution or the filtering don't tick the little box that says ""Don't show this again"" because you'll have to boot that up with the launcher.exe you'll find in your game files. But if you manage to get the right settings right away, then congratulations you can click that little box and jump right to the game if you'd like!All in all, this game is a must if you like murder mystery games and games that aren't just about the action and have a good plot and solid characters! And if you get sick of hearing the English voices (who would get tired of listening to that Monobear?!), you've always got the option to switch to the Japanese voices which is rather enjoyable! I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,413410,21348021,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mekia、M,:100: :fire:
,Recommended,413410,21349617,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Santesim,"A great game with unique characters and addictive story. I myself started with watching the anime a couple years ago, but that doesn't stop me for enjoying the game so far. I'm really hoping that soon we'll get the other parts of the series on Steam as well."
76561198153752806,Recommended,413410,21341456,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,juniusliman,"Just play it, nough said"
,Recommended,413410,21343964,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Yuki,It's a really fun game to be perfectly honest.I already watched the anime though it was a while back so I can't remember everything about it and I enjoyed my time so far despite knowing the story ETC.If you are new to this series you are going to love finding out how things play out and how the story of the first game ends.I can't wait for the 2nd entry in the series to be ported as well :3
,Recommended,413410,21373699,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kampane,"Phenomenal game for mystery/horror lovers! Watched a full playthrough of it a couple years back, and now I can't wait to play it for myself! Definintely recommended!"
76561198213359933,Recommended,413410,30641782,Posted: 20 March,all,Anoldanimefan,It is worth the money - beautifully created and so much despair ... go for it!
76561198040673486,Recommended,413410,25295943,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Phil Shifley,"1000/1000 best franchise, played 5 times already"
76561198037610768,Recommended,413410,23302219,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,HugeKluge,"Man, there is not many games anymore where i can play one game for 12 staight. this is weirdly one of them mostly because i really want to know who lives and dies. also if you do play this don't pick favorites, i did and i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,413410,34922760,Posted: 13 September,all,Jundacho,Its gud
,Recommended,413410,21378753,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,.cookie,Demonstrate your 2nd Amendment right on everyone else's 1st.
,Recommended,413410,21305604,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Calrissian,"The game is super awesome. If you like Ace Attorney or Zero Escape, you will also like this."
,Recommended,413410,30454126,Posted: 11 March,all,PARADIZO_156,Phoenix Wright + Persona 3/4 + Battle Royale = Danganronpa
,Recommended,413410,21302562,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,"Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johansen","Bought it at full price, right before the launch discount went live. Still worth it though. EDIT: I recommend that people who want dr3 and Zero Escape on steam, should buy this, to show Spike Chunsoft that there is interest in these games on steam."
,Recommended,413410,22311150,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,OnlyCrisp,Waifu is a guy.How could you do this to me?
,Recommended,413410,25548997,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Genti!☆,Why do all my favourite characters have to die?
,Recommended,413410,21753905,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,★ Karma ★,I wish my friends were still alive.10/10Would lose my friends again
76561198021393337,Recommended,413410,24836408,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Masked Hero Lucky,Phoenix Wright with more waifus. Also you play minigames instead of just presenting evidence.
76561198307908208,Recommended,413410,24546093,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,FluttershySucks,Loved the game it really made you think of who dunn it and gave you a purpose to pay attention due to your life and the innocent classmates lifes on the line just to find out who the Blackened is . And also WHY JUNKO WHYYYY
76561198071307974,Recommended,413410,25376441,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Amethystkitty,The same people that dislike this either don't like reading or have a natural distaste for anime.If that isn't you you'll enjoy fun characters and unique mystery story.
76561198039624565,Recommended,413410,22964872,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Whiskyharbor,God damn. I wish I could sleep with all my waifus.
,Recommended,413410,23945758,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DeathbyDysentery,"There are three elemental forces in this world:Despair, which is weak;Hope, which is strong;and ""No, that's wrong!"" which is without equal."
76561197971556005,Recommended,413410,22735459,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Fyren,"Yeah, this is basically Phoenix Wright meets Battle Royale with an perverse stuffed demon bear as a ringleader. And it's fantastic.Imagine a dating sim/visual novel in which the any of the characters you cozy up to could be murderers or murder victims at any point, and you're not far off.Most of the gameplay follows the standard Phoenix Wright formula - lots of investigation and talking to colorful characters in between solving and arguing over murders. When in the courtroom, you listen to a conversation over and over and try to pick apart the contradiction with one of your argument-as-metaphor ""Truth Bullets,"" but Danganronpa adds something deceptively simple that makes the whole courtroom scene so much more tense than Phoenix did:A timer.That's it, that's all it needed. A ticking clock. And it becomes so much more satisfying to shoot down even simple arguments. Add a fantastic soundtrack and you've got a desperately engaging experience.The writing and setting is good enough to suck you in, give you a big enough mystery in a surreal nightmarescape of a high school to work through obtuse and unrebindable controls and minigames that don't explain themselves wonderfully on the first go. You can work past that. You're going to have to if you want to find out what's under Hope's Peak Academy, and I sure as hell want to find out."
,Recommended,413410,28804133,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shuc49,How the hell did the creators think of all these creative ways to kill people and hide all the evidence?
,Recommended,413410,28600591,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xynosphia,GAME OF THE YEAR!!! MONOKUMA IS BAEEEE
,Recommended,413410,28914062,Posted: 1 January,all,Lolster,"When i first got this game, i didn't expect much. I was wrong. This game had a fantastic cast of characters with different personalities, abilities, and ideas. You could even establish a bond with each of the remaining characters as the story progressed by hanging out with them, or giving them a present. The mysteries behind Hope's Peak are something that can catch your interest, and keep you hooked."
,Recommended,413410,21490707,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,HyperAije,"I absolutely loved this game.  It combines an amazing story (told via visual novel) with really in-depth characters, tied together with decently challenging and fun logic puzzles.  The art style is really beautiful and unique.  If you like visual novels with an amazing story, this game is for you.  If you like ""whodunit"" style murder mysteries, this game is for you.  The asking price may seem a tad high, but you can see how many hours I got out of it, and there's a good chance I'll come back to it later for another playthrough.All I can do now is wait for the sequel's port to be released."
,Recommended,413410,23530315,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dukey,"Dingle Rumpus is a funny little mystery game with vibrant characters and well-written murder cases. You play as Makoto Naegi, the most boring human on earth. A series of unfortunate events leads you to making friends with a bunch of murderous high schoolers, in a game to the death. The legitimately enigmatic and interesting antaganist, Monokuma, is responsible for most of the game's humor and moving the plot forward, but still manages to remain dark and edgy. The lack of angst in the actual protaganists makes for some well-written characters that I fell in love with. Anyone who likes solving mysteries and playing good viedeo games should pick this up. highly reccomended for all fans of pink paint as well."
,Recommended,413410,21501128,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,hakua,its fun
,Recommended,413410,32926377,Posted: 28 June,all,1911,10/10
76561197993459184,Recommended,413410,21469067,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,c0mplete,"Only 4.5 hours in an I love it. If you like Vn's like 999 you'll love this. Great writing, art, setting and characters.Edit: Just finished it and its really good. It's so good that I went an bought danganronpa 2 and ultra despair girls for my vita. If you life visual novels or have never played one before you should check this one out."
,Recommended,413410,21554423,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Gengear,"Friends are friends in hope and dispair.Warning, quotes, but nothing spoilery.If you like making friends in a closed enviromnment this is your game.The best bit of this game, making you feel dispair, 10/10 would watch friends die again, as long as I toss a smiley face in it becomes positive, example, ""I was close friends with the person who got murdered today :D"" and no matter how great something is, if you put in a sad face it looks negative, example ""there is no human more full of knowledge than an otaku. T_T ”See even though I'm so great I can't help but feel dispair :DI guess I'll see you at the trials, I wonder who's going to get punished? xDI bet you'll punish the right person T_T"
,Recommended,413410,23039118,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,nicksmizzle,"this game is terrible. waste of time weab garbageNO THATS WRONGthis game is wonderful start to finish (until your favorite character dies) the trials are interesting, the free time is a nice break from the drama and getting to know every character and what makes them tick is really interesting. I played this on the vita and very fond of how it is all layed out. I would definitely put this up with persona in my book 10/10"
,Recommended,413410,21523318,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ryuugamine,"While i wish they would give a bit more freedom during the investigations, it really was great."
,Recommended,413410,21714830,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Koro,Best VN on steam.
,Recommended,413410,30107520,Posted: 22 February,all,hootman66,I absolutely love this game and the sequel an incredible amount but I can't help but wonder what the beta version of this game would be like if it was fully developed.
,Recommended,413410,21604941,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Traitor99,"Ace Attorney with a dark twist. Despite (for me anyway) starting off on the wrong foot with being introduced to some stereoype characters and a rather long introduction, overall as the game progressed it made up for it with fantastic artstyle and music along to go with it. If you are unsure I would recommend buying it in a sale of about 40%, but if you loved Phoenix Wright and have no problems with the anime style, I would say buy it at full price.Overall a great port and I look forward to seeing the second game in the series."
76561198085744382,Recommended,413410,32460923,Posted: 15 June,all,SNValadez,"I do not like this game.Granted, I've only played the English version and have yet to try my hand at the Japanese one-- but that shouldn't change the game significantly, other than the voice acting (which is bad). Or at least the English voice acting is bad and I'm not trying to compare it to the Japanese voices at all. No, what I'm saying is that as far as voice acting goes, this was clunky and tropey.In fact, the whole game is a cesspool of stereotypes, nonsense, and frustration because the mini-games are poorly explained and poorly executed (in my opinion). And I love anime-- LOVE it-- but this game seems to only cater to the lowest denominations of the genre.I'm all about tasteful storyline and characters but these were so over-the-top I was rolling my eyes, sighing, and downright shutting the game off. If I wasn't an achievement freak, I would just stop playing but my completionist tendencies are far greater than the English VA's painful butchering of their very own names. The writing is also sub-par, which doesn't help.So why am I recommending this game? Because as far as graphics and animations go-- this is art. Someone took the time to make this and I took the time to consume it, as well as write this review. Below, I have composed a list of all of the (mostly) positive aspects of this visual novel:1. There is voice acting (I freaking love it when I can put a distinct voice to a face, but very few characters are memorable and there is very little, if any, natural character development. Many things are forced, because the game likes to waste your time by having the characters argue over and over about things that you already know the answer to or have already formed an opinion about-- therefore leaving no time for you to care much about a majority of the cast).2. Has a very distinct style, and the actual character designs aren't too terrible (I played the conclusion to the Zero Escape Series, Zero Time Dilemma, and found myself kind of unimpressed with the character designs. At least in Danganronpa, the characters seem to have color and contrast).3. Sakura and Chihiro are bae (I don't care what anyone else says. They probably had the most intriguing stories and development during my playthrough, and I loved them for it).4. About two or three tracks of the music aren't bad (but that off-putting Reggae-mess that seems to be Monokuma's theme is atrocious. I cringed every time).5. There is a skip button (As I've stated before, the game wastes SO much time having the characters bicker over the same damn thing that you just want to get to the class trials. The prologue is almost insufferable, and I really wish it wasn't two-plus hours long. I want to solve a murder already!).6. There's a school mode (The only reason I say that this is a positive is because during the actual game you get to know almost no one-- because sometimes the people you speak with during free time die the very next day-- , and I believe this mode was the game developers' means of rectifying that).So there you have it. The story isn't all that original. Hunger Games was published in 2008, and Battle Royale even farther before that in 1999. This game hit Japan in 2010 and so you know where they got their inspiration. Kind of made my eyes stick to the roof of my brain because my eye-rolling was just that intense. And the actual crime-solving is impossible. Characters (that are not yours) actively withhold information or tamper with evidence for the stupidest reasons (well, most of them are stupid) and it's sometimes hard to guess what phrases you're supposed to hit and with what bullets and the mini-games suck and, God, this game is a mess. The most crucial elements to the murders often don't surface until the actual trial but the game is so tropey that after a while you start guessing what happened and it becomes boring. The ending is also kind of dumb, and things really don't get explained after all those hours you wasted.By the end of it, I felt cheated...and stupid.But if you're a new weeb oozed fresh from the festering bottom of the Otaku totem pole-- this is the most perfect, over-hyped piece of anime culture you can get your hands on. I don't know if I want to play the second game of this series, but if it's dirt cheap during the Steam Summer Sale I see no reason not to. I like giving (anime) series a second chance.It's just who I am."
76561198204267640,Recommended,413410,30953188,Posted: 4 April,all,B-B-B-Baka !,Do you like games where you get to pick your waifu. WELL TOO BAD.You like games where there is no challenge and you just stay for the story. WELL TOO BAD.You enjoy having all your friends backstab you every chance they get and don't keep promises... well this is the game for you.
,Recommended,413410,24163760,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,"Kiryu's ""O"" Face",The nasty nation of Goblins approves of this games exsistance
,Recommended,413410,30977751,Posted: 6 April,all,Izabella,naegi-kun the ultimate waifu
76561198018596642,Recommended,413410,27411734,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,yecaM,"A well crafted detective game, the story itself is great and the art style is a big plus.The minigames involved in discovering a culprit are fun and evolve as you play through the game so it doesn't begin to feel too old or repetative.Fair warning there is an anime by the same name that covers the entire story, I've watched it and still enjoyed the experience within the game but the game became much less challenging because I already knew the identity of the culprits."
,Recommended,413410,21311383,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,NeoSpex,Best 2010 game of 2016!Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls when??
,Recommended,413410,29263076,Posted: 14 January,all,Lucian,Buy.......This........Game......
,Recommended,413410,21599227,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,YumaKirosaki,"Pros:+ Gameplay is distinctive enough to make it ""not just another VN"", entertaining and it makes you think.+ Decent runtime of about 18-20 hours, with more gameplay possible if you participate in the bonus mode unlocked on completion of the game.+ Very interesting characters who I wanted to know a lot about.+ While I don't like the direction the ending went, the story itself is very enjoyable and engaging.+ Music is very nice, as is the artwork and stylistic choices.Cons:- Story is great, but ending is a bit... lacking? A lot of the explanation is practically handed to you, and it's honestly kind of weak and vague.- Would recommend doing it on hard mode to get the best experience -- I played on what was ""normal"" and honestly it probably wasn't much harder than easy.- I honestly wish there was a greater amount of free time to figure out everyone's ""secrets"" and ""motivations"".Overall:I'm not typically huge on Visual Novel anime games and whatnot, but I had a lot of fun with this title and enjoyed it immensely. It kept me on the edge of my seat, and despite being relatively easy (compared to, say, a Phoenix Wright game or something), I still found myself having a moment or two where I had to sit and think, or work harder than normal.I would recommend the game to anyone who is into the sort of gameplay VNs provide. It's very interesting and I'm still desperately waiting for the second one to be ported to PC."
,Recommended,413410,21514954,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TastyCheddar,"Wow. Just wow!This is a fantastic visual novel mystery. The story is excellent (if a wee bit long winded at times) and totally engrossing, the mysteries start out fairly simple but before long your head is spinning as you try to decypher the clues. With several difficulty levels, you can make solving the crimes as challenging as you'd like it to be.And somehow this game managed to get me to actually care about a bunch of fictional characters... amazing.If you like mysteries and want a very deep and rich visual novel experience. Get this game! I don't normally pay full price for a game, but in my opinion it's worth every penny I paid for this at launch.Can't wait for the sequel to make it to Steam!"
76561198128431961,Recommended,413410,21500734,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Klinestife,"This game is basically a super stylish Pheonix Wright with kickass music and a psychotic teddy bear.9/10, only cons being some of the characters are hard to like even after maxing out their relationship, most of the skills you get are useless, and I can't find a way to review evidence in the middle of the nonstop debates (probably cuz they're nonstop but whatever).Oh, and an incredibly slow start before you get into the meat of things. Kinda like Persona 3 and 4."
,Recommended,413410,21453959,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Milk,"Loved this game ever since it came out back in 2014. Would definitely recommend especially if you've only seen the anime; gameplay adds a better feel to the story/plot. The fun in and of itself is figuring out how the murder happens, instead of having the anime play it out for you."
,Recommended,413410,21646676,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Meta_knight12,"I like it,"
,Recommended,413410,21647569,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,L Ψ Kongroo,"I really wanted tonotrecommend the game and just make the review have the words, ""No! He's wrong!""...But I was afraid I might get shot with a truth bullet.Myonlycomplaint is with the length of the finale. I realize for a text-based game like this that some moving parts means it was going to take awhile, but I think I would have preferred it if it was slightly shorter; I was starting to reel from the length of the finale chapteratthe very end of the game.Also, the one trial mini-game with the 1v1 ""stop the nonsense"" mini-game (Bullet-Time Battles) took me a few tries to figure out.  It's not as complicated as I thought it was but the controls confused me at first.100%'d the game in 48 hours.  Definitely whole-heartedly recommend this gem.But there's apparrently an issue with the soundtrack, so don't get that."
,Recommended,413410,21443263,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Midday,It's like they were making Ace Attorney and accidentally dropped a nuke on it loaded with DESPAIR
,Recommended,413410,21653992,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,REEKFOX,"This game left me in ULTIMATE despair and got me questioning the motives of my friends, family and even my dog..."
,Recommended,413410,21491749,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kungu,Everybody betrayed meI'm fed up with this world
,Recommended,413410,21577006,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Canadia69,"I enjoy the actual thinking that is required to working out who killed who, and having to prove it,  instead of just telling you. As well as the mini games in each chapter, they're hard af (on the hardest lvl) easier with an Xbox controller (would recommend if on pc)The story line is majourly confusing but totally worth it.The only thing is I wish you could change the outcome, instead of having set murders. Like my fave dies right away, and I can't do anything about it.But other than that this game is amazing."
,Recommended,413410,21415458,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,>>Happy<< Chrop,"Since it's a very story driven game, so the less you know about the story the better it'll be for you to play.Do you like Phoenix Wright games? Buy this game.Do you think £1 = 1 hour? Buy this game.Do you like to have fun? Buy this game.It's basically a Murder Mystery game, throw 15 Teenagers into locked school, the only way out is to kill someone without being found out, If the killer wins they get to leave and everyone else dies, if the killer is found, only the killer dies and they return to their life trapped in the school. You spend your time investigating and trying to find out who killed who and talking to everyone.The gameplay is very similar to Phoenix Wright, You talk to people, investigate areas, find evidence, then you get taken to a trial where you work out among everyone in the school who killed who. Although there's also a ""Daily life"" part where if no one has been killed and your not investigating, then you go around and talk with whoever you want.Lots of reading involved (as it is a visual novel and a game stuck together) but there is voice acting in the important parts of the story. If you've watched the anime and liked it then you should still get this game. It goes into far more detail about the characters and trials than the anime did.I liked this game, it has about 25 hours worth of gameplay (for the main story) and even more for the extra stuff. It's a little on the easy side so if you buy the game, play on ""MEAN"" settings,Sum it all up: Story is great, Soundtrack is great, 25+ Hours worth of content,"
,Recommended,413410,21617960,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Boarnett,Part of the holy trinity of console VNs  (Ace Attorney and Zero Escape being the others). Great story with a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of twists (spoiler: people die) and an absolutely banging soundtrack. 10/10 would recommend
76561197997998444,Recommended,413410,21408440,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zlyab,"""Ten little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" meets ""Ace Attorney"" in a school setting. Mostly great, though the word battles are sometimes annoying and illogical (for example, you can memorize any opponent statement to use as argument against other statement. Problem is, the order must be precise - you have to use ""something is wrong"" sentence on //fact that is wrong//, but not vice versa)The other weak point is that characters are cliché - we have Ultimate Gambler, Ulitmate Biker, Ultimate Genki Sports Girl, Ultimate Geek, etc. And while some of them show a surprising side, most play relevant tropes to a T.Still, the cases themselves are logical, complicated and unfold in believable manner, voice actors are great, and, of course, we have Monokuma - no doubt the most adorable villain amongst lecherous teddy bears with explosive stuffing."
,Recommended,413410,21393877,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Uni S. Cornelius,"Danganronpa Trigger Happy Havoc: Ahoge saves the day by luckDanganronpa is a great visual novel about hope and despair. The game is pretty much SAW plus Ace Attorney but with high school students. Great idea? I know right. Did I mention there is a crap ton of neon pink blood from the 80's? Anyhow, this game is a rollercoaster of a story in my opinion. Loved every bit of it and how to tries to look innocent but is also incrediably dark. After all, kids murdering other kids isn't done alot in fiction anymore.Danganronpa's art style is made to look like that of a pop-up book most of the time which constrasts greatly to the dark contents of this read. Many scenes show the characters as cutouts and each scene comes to life with what looks to be cardboard props. Plus all the characters have parts of their body such as hairs or clothing which have small patterns in them to look like those cut out from fabric. Its cute, calming, and feels you with hope in the dire situation.The story is best gone into blind as with many mystery games. After all, it ruins the suprise twists the game might throw at you. After all, figuring out who it is in Ace Attorney or L.A. Noire by being spoiled isn't nearly as fun as solving the case by logic. I will say this though, many interesting and quirky characters. You have biker dude, karate chick, swimmer girl, rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the dorky shut-in who writes romance stories, adorable programmer, and more. These may sound like cliched but each character has a deeper story to devel into and aren't as stereotyped as one might think. Okay maybe a few.Next is the gameplay which is mainly point and click. Nothing much to say other then a neat feature that allows you to see all the possible items that can be clicked which helps in cluttered and crowded crime scenes. That's about it.The soundtrack. Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god it causes ear-gasms and I love each track. Some of the the best music this side of Mystery Games.While this sums up why I love the game, there is one big problem. Porting issues. The PC version is an port from the PS VITA version which had to be ported from Japan. The game was ported like 2 times. From what I've heard, there are many issues such as graphical issues and even some game-breaking bugs such as saves being deleted.. Luckily, I've only encountered some issues pretaining to frame-rate and odd graphical issues. They should be patched soon as not even VITA had this many issues.Overall, Danganronpa is a cute and sinister game about murder mystery involving young high schoolers. The soundtrack is absolutely perfect. Story is fun and entertaining. Characters are pretty good.RATINGS8/10"
76561198055954224,Recommended,413410,21559462,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Delsoonbye,"Was filled with alot of despair before playing this game , now im just full of hope. Thanks Danganronpa you the best , you smart, you loyal, I appreciate you"
,Recommended,413410,21613481,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sasusquatch,I've never had a Playstation of any sort (sadly) but I watched the heck out of the anime when it came out a few years back!  And after finally getting a chance to play this I couldn't be happier!  It's a lot of fun and the trials aren't too hard once you get the hang of it.  The story is great as well!
,Recommended,413410,21716024,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,yoosie,"Excellent! It still holds the charm of when I played it on the vita - now without worrying about accidentally touching the back trackpad.Only issue is some places still say to press shift to speed things up. Keep in mind that if shift isn't working, try ctrl!"
,Recommended,413410,21466585,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SabithaSuki,"Danganronpa. This Game was a cult classic back in the early 10's and halway through the decade its no diffrent.So lets try and dig it out of the graves of obscurity and rise it up to the surface quo.Now, I personaly dont think the game is worth its $30 price tag, I feel like if it were discounted it would be a much better buy.ButTHATISITGraphics are crappy and only 2D? Well considering the fact that these are HD without HD you should take into consideration its source materials and how much of a jump its been doing. 2D- good 2D, is something that can blow polyignal graphics out of the water.Sounds Lackluster with rather reptetitive effects? And- This isnt a huge budget game with great library of realistic sounds. Its a Game that makes fun of itself at every corner. Its anime esque atmosphere is a well refreshing vibe in the point n' click / visual novel genre.Its length and replayabilty is to short? Are we talking about the same game here?. 3 Difficulties, 2 Stories and game Modes with over 2500+ Unique Cutscenes. There is even fan made mods in the pipeline! Its a wonder I see people playing upwards of 40 hours, when even the average player can clock a good 20-22 Hours on their first playthrough alone. Even Me, who's played trhough the game thrice on 3 seperate consoles still took the maticulous time of perfection through 15 hous of gameplay.In summary, if you can find any gameplay flaws that arent debatable up here; I emplored you to write a review yourself; then Ill revoke mine accordingly."
,Recommended,413410,21477909,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Legendairy Cow,Japanese VA > English VA
76561198118573715,Recommended,413410,21625368,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Guackamolo,Great game! 10/10 for PeptoBismol blood. 11/10 for Bear puns! Puhuhuhu
,Recommended,413410,22054887,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Its Baroo,"im a big fan of mystery/murder visual novels, i enjoyed every piece of this game. it has such cleaver writing set to it, i never got bored reading trough the characters. The story also has you on the edge of your seat , wanting to know more , to find out every secert there is. Thats how the game always brings you back playing."
,Recommended,413410,24212475,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Chantion,Persona 4 meets Ace Attorney
,Recommended,413410,22894496,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Junko Enoshima,"Danganronpa is my FAVORITE game series! I love the characters, the setting, the premise, and the execution (in both ways that you could interpret that.)It DOES have its problems, but overall I'd easily give it a 9.5/10! Even if you've seen the anime, the game has SOOO much more content and you can easily get 20 or 30 hours at LEAST out of this game, and that's if you don't want any of the achievements.I've read a playthrough of the game on SomethingAwful years ago, I've played the entire game on Vita and gotten all of the achievements, I've watched the anime, and now I've played the entire game on PC and I'm working to get all of the achievements again.I highly HIGHLY recommend it! <3"
,Recommended,413410,22920529,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,MightyMagikarp,"Deadly funAfter finishing ""Danganrompa: Trigger Happy Havoc"" I found myself realizing that this is probably one of the better games I have played in the past few years. The game is able to be a interesting visual novel sort of deal, but still have its own uniqe gameplay ideas that I havent quite seen before in a game. If I had to describe it in a whole package (being story and gameplay) it would be tough but I would say think something like a mix of: Pheonix Wright, 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors/ Virtues Last Reward and Persona 3/4. So if you find yourself enjoying any of these games even in the slightest I would say that Danganronpa is a absolute must buy.StoryThe story of Danganronpa is one that is kind of hard to explain so bear with me here. It stars a group of 15 highschool students who were all selected to go to a prestiguious school called ""Hopes Peak Academy"". To get into this school there is only one requirement. Be the best at whatever you may do, weather that be the best writer or the best baseball player it dosent matter even if you just got into the school but a lucky random vote. This is where our main character Makoto comes in, he was selected at random and deemed as ""The ultimate lucky student"".Makato quickly learns however that he was not as lucky as he thought. He passes out just seconds from entering in the school, he wakes up in a abandoned class  and soon realises that himself and 14 other students have been trapped in the school by a psycotic bear with only one way to escape. Kill one of your fellow classmates and dont be caught. This story creates alot of tension and mystery as you will be wondering who will be killed next as well as alot of suspence when you are trying to figure out who killed who.There are still issues with this story however. While the game is long in its own right with so many characters that they were trying to individualy build up, it feels a bit crammed since in most cases we barley know anything or have any kind of a connection with a character before they are killed off. For example for the first 3 or so deaths they were my faverioute characters in the story at that point. Now you would probably think that I would be sad because my faverioute characters dies right? Well I found myself as more mad then anything because the characters hadent been fully fleshed out yet and It felt like somewhat of a cheap shot for them to do. It feels as if they wanted to make a cast with 8 characters in it but realized they needed some to die so they created 15 with the extra 7 characters just being for slaughter.Another more minor problem with the story is that it takes a while to actually get good. (Depending on your reading speed) it will take around 2 hours for the first interesting thing to happen, being the first murder, but if you can stick around the murders are a hell of alot of fun to solve. Another problem is the game feels like it has kinda all over the place pacing. This is because the game is broken up into a few different sections being: Free time, Investigation and class trial. These sections all have a very different pace with the Free time (in which you interact with other characters for bonuses) feels to few and far between because these are the only scenes where the characters actually have much kind of development and they only happen maybe a dozen or so times in the game. Investigation is a regularily long process of gather information about the murders and seeing how they happened but these are kind of puzzle peices that wont be put together for a long time. Finally we have the trial bits where evreybody works together to put together the puzzle to find out who did the murder. The problem is with this is that the trial bits were the only parts that stood out as really interested and I feel that the free time and the investigation sections at times felt like they dragged on a bit with there sometimes being no clear direction of what you had to do. However the trial bits are a ton of fun, I never left my computer once durring a trial section because it was just crazy entertaining to watch go down so it makes up for it and then some due to alot of the gameplay ideas.GameplayThe game is broken up into a few different sections being: Free time, Investigation and class trial. These sections all have a very different pace with the Free time (in which you interact with other characters for bonuses) feels to few and far between because these are the only scenes where the characters actually have much kind of development and they only happen maybe a dozen or so times in the game. Investigation is a regularily long process of gather information about the murders and seeing how they happened but these are kind of puzzle peices that wont be put together for a long time. Finally we have the trial bits where evreybody works together to put together the puzzle to find out who did the murder. The problem is with this is that the trial bits were the only parts that stood out as really interested and I feel that the free time and the investigation sections at times felt like they dragged on a bit with there sometimes being no clear direction of what you had to do. However the trial bits are a ton of fun, I never left my computer once durring a trial section because it was just crazy entertaining to watch go down so it makes up for it and then some.Music and Voice ActingThe music is kinda standard for this game and it works well. Its atmospheric and can help build tension or exitement in situations where it is appropriate, it is overall a good fit for the game and it is generally catchy and entertaining.Overall VerdictOverall I belive that Danganronpa is a game that while certainly is not for evreybody, it has its own appeal in a niche audience. If anything that I said in this review even slightly interests you then I cannot recomend it enough because even though I have written alot of words for this I still feel like this game is something that is rather hard to sell. Regardless I think that evreybody should check it out, trust me you wont regret it.Overall score: 8/10"
,Recommended,413410,25642807,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Good Boy Wizard,"Coming into this I had played very few visual novels and no murder mystery games. Leaving, from it I realize that I set the bar too high and now it will never be topped. 10/10 Despair inducing experience."
76561198091834524,Recommended,413410,33191261,Posted: 3 July,all,Trickun,"Great game in every aspect. Here is some good advice you should consider: Do not play this game with an english language! The japanese version is amazingly well done. On the contrary the english voices were way too cringy for me too handle.Just to make things clear for anyone who might get confused, only the voice acting is Japanese, the text is at english. Anyway, this game was really amazing and i really had fun, so if you are considering to buy it, then just buy it already because the sale offer is pretty worth it as it is."
,Recommended,413410,24067496,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rob,"It's a blend of ""mafia"" and Phoenix Wright, and is extremely morbid. 10/10 would recommend.It definitely deserves it's rating of M, so it's not for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,413410,21592329,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Exolyte,This game gave me despair.
,Recommended,413410,33162498,Posted: 2 July,all,Tako,over the top phoenix wright is best way to put it.
,Recommended,413410,25488688,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ghsfan3,"Me: Wow, I love this character! They play off a popular trope, however also have serious impact on the game and get their own character development! I feel an instant connectionGame developer: ♥♥♥♥ you"
76561198170020633,Recommended,413410,33861750,Posted: 28 July,all,The Variant,"Finally after much years of waiting Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc has finally been ported from the Vita to the Steam; however, just how well does this Vita hit stand up to the large and varied steam catalog, and is it worth you cash? In order to determine the answer I tend to break a game down into the following catagories:  plot, gameplay, graphics, sound, and replayibilty.Plot:Danganronpa is at its heart a visual novel, and in order to be a fun and engaging gaming experience the plot and characters have to keep the player engaged and wanting to push onward with the game. Plot wise Danganronpa is a very successful game when it comes to hooking players into its narrative. The concept of teens being trapped and forced to kill each other is a concept that has been used before in other works; however, Danganronpa adds its own personal flair through character concept and world building to make it a trully unique experience. From unexpected plot twists, to the sarcastic/demented Monokuma the game's overreaching plot keeps the player engaged and constantly wondering where the plot will go next. Frankly, after starting the game and getting past the slow start, I simply couldn't put the game down and would find myself coming back night after night to find and solve the next mystery and twist the game threw at me. On the charcter creation side the Danganronpa team shows their strengths at creating a strong varied cast. A lot of the charcters fall into a sterotypical role and personality type; however, the Danganronpa team doesn't simply really on the sterotype, but instead gives each character dimension through perosnal motives, ultimate skills, and bonding segemnts with the protagonist. This amount of charcter depth makes gives the player incentive to trully get to know their fellow students, and makes each death and betrayal a devesting loss, because instead of losing an NPC it feels like your losing a friend.However, Danganronpa's plot isn't without its flaws. The game's plot start to develop a pattern of: new area is unlocked, motive is presented, character dies, trial, and repeat. Time and time again the game resorts to this cycle, and though it is still entertaining, I personally would have like more variety in the pacing the murder setup. Think of it wouldn't been nice if the new areas unlocked played roles in the plot besides during the chapter they are unlocked in. Also the game does have a conflict of mood personaility. On one side the game is very lighthearted and comical with zanny concepts and funny dialoge, but on other times it extremly dark. Personally, these different worlds generaly don't distract the player; however, some points of the game are so weird and odd that they are distracting and kind of break the plot connection with the player, either through a ridicules punishment or weird and out of place dialoge about burgers and UFOsAs endings go the Danganronpa does end on a decent note wrapping up a lot of the mysteries and plot threads; however, it does keep enough unsolved to allow the development team to progress further into the world they have created and to provide us with new stories.Gameplay:From a gameplay perspective Danganronpa is very simplistic and at times dull or frustrating. Throughout the game the player is forced to follow a guided narrative path with no chance of failure. Even when the player's health is depleted or manages to get a bad ending the game simply forgives the player and allows them to instantly retry from where they failed with no repurcutions. It is distracting to fail a trial just for the game to act like it never happened and start again. Despite this annoyance and no failure, the trials are entertaining. They provide some impressive argument and debate showdowns; however, for each debate and argument they is a weird and often distracting minigame that breaks the immersion. These minigmaes do break up the trials and provide some gameplay change up; however, none of them really came off to me as being really fun to play, especially hangman's gambit (seriesly when I know the answer just let me spell out the solution instead of fishing for letters). This actually sadly a trend in Danganronpa the base mechanics are funa and engaging like the argument/debates, as well as the investigation and accussation stages; however, the minigames and additional side modes are for the most part dull. Take School Mode for example the alternate game mode does provide amply oppurtunity to hang out with the rest of the cast, but you have to play a dull managemnt simulator to do so, honestly did anyone think assigning people to collect scrap and clean for days on in was fun.As control importing goes the Vita to PC controll conversion is decent; however, the game's page showing the controlls doesn't include all of the button keys and at times you might accidently push a key turning a setting on and will have to go to the internet just to learn what key you pressed.Graphics:The visuals of Danganronpa are broken into two categories the 2D art and the 3D environment. The 2D art and design is very good with the characters being visually impressive and having multiple emotions and poses. Overall, the design team naile the 2D style; however, the 3D environmet is fairly poor and muddy looking even by Vita standards. Its not game breaking or ruins the xperience, but it will take some time getting used to.Sound:The music and background track to Danganronpa though simple is quite pleasing to listen to and despite the limited track number will keep you pleased audio wise. The voice acting is average and in some areas is quite excellent especially with the voice for Monokuma.Replayability:Like most visual novels your best experience with Danganronpa will always be your first playthrough. Once you complete the game and know all about the lot and know all the twists and tragic deaths to come, there isn't much reason to return to the base game. However, that first playthrough will take you 15-20 hours to play and there is the alternative school life mode that despite being dull will provide another 5-10 hours of game life. Personally, I would have wished the game had provided alternative plot paths and multiple endings in order to give reason to return to the base game.Conclusion:As a narrative Danganronpa is fantastic offering a trully unique and entertaing game world full of laughs, tears, and hope; however, as a game it is lackluster with its gameplay. If you enjoy visual novels like me and want to be sucked into story with a cast of characters I care for and a mystery that keep you guessing at every turn then Danganronpa is a must buy. However, for those that aren't into plot heavy games and are wanting a more strong gameplay focused experience with a lot of independent game mechanics and limited hand holding then this game isn't for you."
76561198055500813,Recommended,413410,28034955,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Orangekrush,Buy it
76561198064959253,Recommended,413410,22783278,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Monokuma,everyone i care about just died11037/10 would feel the ultimate despair again
,Recommended,413410,22355969,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,以凡人之身 達神之意志,have yet finish this game when I review it but I can summarize this game in a pretty accurate descriptionThe true name of this game is STFU simulatorothers: ummm.....Main: STFUothers: ya ba ba ba ba...Main: STFUothers: STFUMain: STFU
,Recommended,413410,22791472,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rain-_-Mayne,"i usually dislike Visual NovelsBut i loved this game. The mystery, the plot, and the goofy comic releif the main villian provided.10/10 would despair again"
,Recommended,413410,22864432,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Player,"BUY IT. NOW.Distinct characters, exciting plots, puzzle solving and a well written ending.What more do I need to say?"
76561198012571852,Recommended,413410,22905275,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,SoulReaper,"Great Game, my first visual novel i ever completed."
,Recommended,413410,33791708,Posted: 25 July,all,SwankyR,"Let's get it out of the way- not a big visual novel fan. I've played some, of course, and found most to be kind of a waste from what's out there.From there, I was reccomended by a friend to try Danganronpa. Personally, I thought I was going to waste 15 dollars on something that might give me a kick, but overwhelmingly fail.And I was wrong.Danganronpa is-well--probably one of the most fun visual novels to play on the market, let alone even try. It's also somewhat shone out as a very good anime, with a good plot, tons of twists and turns, and on top of it all, likeable characters with dark sides.If you're even looking at this game, I'd pick it up. Since it's lowered to 20 dollars, it's even a better sale. It was 30$ pre-steam sale, 15$ during, and now lowered to 20$ outside of sales.Gameplay is easily a strongpoint. You'll have fun during the investigation sequences as well as the trial, picking out contradicting statements and refuting them with ""Truth Bullets"". The gameplay is basically watching the story play out, finding the dead body, proceeding with investigation, and then a class trial. The class trial involves you picking out evidence that presents itself, and refuting a unfortunate classmate either trying to cover the murder- or just plain stupidity.The soundtrack is very well done. For a visual novel, soundtracks usually define greatness along with writing, and since both halfs are present, Daganronpa 1 is well done.The plot twists will kill you also. And say goodbye probably to your favorite characters-several times. It's almost disheartening to watch someone you've grown on die, but you're going to have to pick it up and finish the game.Cons aren't very present, but few do occur.First, no progression by looking at other objects. In this game, the only thing you are rewarded for is looking beyond the scene for Monokuma Coins, but those can only be used to purchase gifts in the rigged gift shop. You'll have to test your luck to make it worthwhile. I mean gallery items are up for sale too but c'mon, like you seriously shell out well spent coin on an 20 second animation to rewatch.And the other thing I'd have to slap against this game is occasionally revealing new information during the trial. I get that this game is supposed to be twisty and constantly changing, but players should go into the trial possibly thinking one thing, and get another based on the way they look at the evidence. Not ""one character suddenly reveals some vital information mid-trial"". Just my preference, but I'd like to see it more fairly, as if I could look at any trial and re-piece it together based on investigation parts only, not mid-trial shakeups.Overall, Dangan presents itself in a gritty, well-written adventure that no one should miss. I mean even if you're not an anime-type person, you'll like it. Just get over yourselves hating on a different artistic style, and focus on story.TLDR: Daganronpa 1 is a well written, fun game. Reccomended to visual novel fans, as well as those who have enjoyed games like Pheonix Wright. I'd give it a 9.1/10."
,Recommended,413410,22328296,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,~DevlinSyo~,"Without a doubt, Danganronpa is my favortie series, video game wise and anime! Like I'm obsessed with the series. My one issue is like Syo's name change so Jill. But you know who cares! ITS A GOOD GAME I LIKE IT A LOT LOVE IT! PLAY IT! I LIKE IT A LOT! YES!"
76561198121361180,Recommended,413410,22897850,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Akira♡,Everyone bleeds pepto bismol10/10
76561198097004403,Recommended,413410,26295240,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,traps are not gay,"Danganronpa has a very well developed story, has unique characters, and is the perfect murder mystery. During Class Trials, it feels as if you're actually in a court, solving a case. It definitely has lots of twists and turns, making the player want to play more and more. It reminds me alot of Ace Attorney, so if you like that game, you should totally play Danganronpa.The second game, Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair, is also very good. It's a total improvement from the first and has even more likable characters as well."
76561198134827240,Recommended,413410,26201656,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,gothic_bat666,"This is one of my favorite games ever !!! great characters and story, a good mix of cute comedy and creepyness . There is a different character to fit anyones taste (My favorite being Celeste) and great extra game modes and it is fun for people who like to collect and be completionists. I definatly recomend this game ."
,Recommended,413410,26372289,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Cockright,Overall amazing game.  The plot line is amazing and the murders are intriguing and complex.  Will play again.
,Recommended,413410,26531982,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Deadcanons,"10/10, great despair simulator, all my friends died"
,Recommended,413410,28030101,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mistycow ♞,"Very good game. Not alot of replayability, but just playing through is alot of fun."
76561198230310824,Recommended,413410,34397035,Posted: 21 August,all,mine,One of the best games ever played
76561198281806290,Recommended,413410,29132058,Posted: 8 January,all,Chupi Trooper Mark~!!,"I just wanna get something perfectly clear...I love the class trials.I love the soundtrack.I love the characters.I love Aoi Asahina.I love the investigations.I love literally shooting stuff my friends say.I love Aoi Asahina.I love all the excessive pink blood.I love Aoi Asahina.I love the over-the-top CGI scenes.I love Aoi Asahina.I love Aoi Asahina.I love Aoi Asahina.Look, just buy this game and the sequel, and you will soon see why this fandom has taken over my life."
76561198076859069,Recommended,413410,30968346,Posted: 5 April,all,kingbri,"Chihiro is best waifu.Also, this game is amazing and you should play it."
76561198110315650,Recommended,413410,26465220,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dr Zombie,"I finnished the game with 100%!!!!! But the last movie (that I had) is gone, even though I have the button!"
76561198003316075,Recommended,413410,21309124,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,VXV,"In short it seems like Persona without that stupid JRPG stuff no one cares about anyway, right XDYou have a day, you hang out with people, choose your friends, time pases and the day ends. Just like Persona. And in Persona social visual novel stuff was actually what I loved the most, so... it sucks my life away."
,Recommended,413410,24494418,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,wolVenom,"This game made me appriciate silent protagonist much more. The main character is annoying and almost all his dialogue is useless filler. The game is still great fun though.If you are a bit impatient heres some tips that may make the game more enjoyable for you:- Set the difficuty to gentle. It doesn't effect the difficulty of the mystery solving, it just makes some minigames a bit harder.- Skip all the main characters inner dialogue (blue text) after the first case.- Flashbacks are pretty safe to skip too, unless you really don't remember what people are talking about."
76561198069914011,Recommended,413410,22807280,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bronymonster44,"This game... Wow, this game. I heard about this game by accident and after seeing a couple screenshots, I bought it because it reminded me a bit of Phoenix Wright. This game is KINDA like it, but it is darker. There were actually SEVERAL moments in this game that I was just blown away by what happened. I just finished the whole game a few minutes ago and overall I really enjoyed the game. (The only downside is this kind of game has nearly zero replayability.)If you buy this game, I will give you two tips. First, on days with ""Free Time"", hang out with some friends. They can give you some boosts that will help you later. Second, try to envision yourself AS your character. It will make the experience SO much more effective."
76561198076276605,Recommended,413410,33254229,Posted: 4 July,all,Jackin' JoJo,"its got two great waifu's can't wait to play through the game with these TWO GREAT! Waifus3 hours later.....both my waifus are dead, there is no need for me to keep playing this game, however, I must solve the murder cases of my waifus to avenge them, and myselfSeriously though I bought this game expecting some weeb garbage, what I got was waayyy better, I don't wanna say much more just know that you should pick this game up, its more than just a virtual novel"
76561198087191187,Recommended,413410,34764589,Posted: 5 September,all,Lamashtu,This is Phoenix Wright meets 999 with mini games. I absolutely loved it.
76561198159053869,Recommended,413410,21517396,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Extraconventional,"Let me begin by saying that I ♥♥♥♥ing despise Anime Games. The entire genre is horrifically diluted with crappy arcade shooters, rpgs, and a motherload of dating sims, all of which have nothing special about them apart from what color of eyes and hair the cute little face above the massive pair of boobs has. Because of this sad reality, good Anime Games have become few and far between.This is one of them.Let me begin by stating that this game is not your crappy visual novel where you might as well just print out the dialouge and read it on your lunch break. Furthermore, don't let the term ""dating sim"" turn you off from this game. The only real elements that this game shares with a dating sim is you can choose which of your classmates you would like to spend time with to learn more about. To say that you ever ""date"" any of them is false, and while the game does have plenty of innuedo, no actual romance takes place among any of the characters.The game is good. If you like Pheonix Wright, you will like this game. If you like mystery and intruige, you will like this game. If you like puzzles, you will like this game. If you're a dirty weeb, you'll probably like this game. The game is about 50% investigation, debating and solving murders, 40% storytelling and 10% of you choosing which characters you like and doing the whole ""dating sim"" part with them.The characters are all wonderfully unique and you only have so much time to get to know them, but choose carefully, it can be heartbreaking to have your favorite waifu/husbando get gruesomely murdered, and even more heartbreaking for them to be the murderer themselves.I end giving this game and the sequel my full recommendation. Don't make a huge mistake by brushing off this gem as weeb trash. Trust me, it's not."
76561198136886006,Recommended,413410,27892686,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hobojohnny,"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a strange beast. It's a visual novel which likes to try and seem like a detective game in places. In terms of the actual gameplay, it's the weakest point. Solving mysteries yourself isn't something that is possible; You're led by the hand in an at times nerve-wracking way, especially if you have been paying attention to the mystery and have formulated possibilites and went through the clues in your head. It's even more frustrating if you're proven right but unable to show the game as it leads you through.That was never really the strong part for me though. The characters and setting were. The characters in Trigger Happy Havoc are some of the funniest, most sincere, and tragic cast I've ever seen in a visual novel, and that's saying a lot. You'll be rooting for your favorite character to make it through. Not to spoil a lot, but it's not likely to happen. Once you 'lose' someone that you became invested in and watch as you either have to poke at their body in an investigation or watch an elaborate execution take place to send them into the netherworld, you may just feel one of the two major themes of the game...Despair.You see, despair and hope are two conflicting yet harmonious themes in the game, The classic struggle of White & Black, Dark & Light, yet it isn't all that it seems. Neutrality seems to take away all shades of morality. I can't say too much without spoiling the story but I can say this; There is no good or evil in Hope's Peak Academy, the prestigious school in which the ultimate students go to learn and succeed. There is only a a motivating factor to one's own success.Do I suggest you buy it? Yes, yes, triple yes even if it's not on sale. You'll be hard pressed to find a title in which humor has an even hand with drama, and it'll have you hooked until the very end...even if the mystery solving is a little too ham-fisted."
,Recommended,413410,34553088,Posted: 28 August,all,Colfield ®,[Pros]Very well-crafted storyBeloved charactersInteresting gameplayHuge post-game contentBeautiful graphic-styleSoundtrack[Cons]-
,Recommended,413410,28993377,Posted: 3 January,all,Cast csgobig.com,"This is my second favorite story-based game. The sequel, Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair, is my favorite.This game, is no joke, perfection.I would recommend this to anyone, even if you don't like Anime."
76561198268853545,Recommended,413410,30888374,Posted: 1 April,all,EBbrain,Most fun I've had watching my friends kill each other in years.
,Recommended,413410,25155382,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Snail,Loved it on the Vita and still love it
,Recommended,413410,22547901,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Grumpyz,"I LOVEEE this game!!! Any game with a gripping story, innovative gameplay and strong characters is okay in my book. I will definitely be continuing with this series."
,Recommended,413410,21310522,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,cStes,get it so DR3 comes out on PC
,Recommended,413410,21311692,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,RIPnoko👻,"This is a really solid visual novel mystery game. The presentation is absolutely great, the gameplay is wonderful, and the story and characters good as well.Please note that this port has desynced audio in the cutscenes, but if you can bear through that, this game is absolutely worth your time and money."
,Recommended,413410,21313059,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Niklas47,"Having already played the PSP fan translation of this game, and being about halfway through SDR2 (the second one), I already knew what to expect with this. Either way, it's a well made port and frankly looks a million times better than running it through a PSP emulator...And apparently SDR2 is coming at some point this year, so yay :D"
76561197997366624,Recommended,413410,21320706,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,xXAkirawind0Xx,Do I even need say how good this game is 10/10I wish it wound been full voiced but I don't mind if it dose not haveHere start my great game play
,Recommended,413410,21325048,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,seoguma,"This isn't your basic visual novel, kids. To be honest, I had lost hope in the visual novel genre because originality is limited to your basic dating sims. Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is when Battle Royale and anime collide into one awesome mystery visual novel with horror elements. You won't regret this purchase!I'm doing a playthrough if you want to get a glimspe into it before you whip out the cash!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0O3KUTt0LE"
,Recommended,413410,21356724,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Alois ☆ Trancy,"I've already played the complete game, but I just couldn't resist purchasing it on Steam when I saw that it was available. I can't wait for Super Danganronpa 2 to be released.Pros:-Good story (like, really good)-Action packed-MurderCons:-Voice acting (don't get me wrong, some of the characters had good voices, but... for the most part...)-???"
76561198007210097,Recommended,413410,21357370,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,InfiniteHorizon,"For those of you seeking a occasional) dose of distopian, puzzle solving, high school sim game with side orders of gratuitious murder.BUY THIS!"
,Recommended,413410,21358436,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,InFlames,It's a dating sim now11/10
76561198146796162,Recommended,413410,21358588,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Avocado at Law,"EDIT: So i haven't completed the game yet but i have made it a fair while through and it is even more amazing than what i thought it would be, 10/10 would recommend to all.So as of yet i haven't reached any of the mystery part yet, i have only played the prologue really, so as a Visual Novel, it's pretty great, and i imagine it's only going to get better and better"
76561198071199333,Recommended,413410,21364569,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Hedonist,"ah first it is definitly awsome game, and would recommend every one to play it. characters are amazing (some are extremly annoying though) and story is not bad. but i do have one little problem. that is in fact that everyone in this game feels like they have lower IQ than a goddamn monky. God they are so dumb, answer is so obvious but they just seem to completly ignore it. however game is fun, so we can over look something like that i guess"
,Recommended,413410,21327188,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Laam [D.R.F],"The best visual novel and murder mystery game I have played (after the sequel). An good cast of characters, nice story and a good switch between gameplay segments. Nothing is too difficult for those that have trouble but nothing after chapter one is given to you so you have to use your brain. A very, very good game."
76561197994975511,Recommended,413410,21356871,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,WoodenEcho,"The truth behind the murders will keep you guessing the entire time and it's a decent length game too. It's filled with charming characters and there is a lot of freedom to explore the school and talk to the other students. It also gives you the opportunity to make mistakes, but the results are immediate, and only harmful in the murder trials (which you can instantly re-attempt). The music and mixed art styles are vivid and wild, it varies from cute and cool to macabre.Sometimes the trials give you vague terms to match up with one another, but with patience you can figure them out. The other students will also start arguing over obvious facts they should already know, this is partly explained by them getting emotional or being stupid, but it was frustrating to have to explain that something was wet because a bucket of water was thrown on it, especially when everyone saw it happen.Great game, well worth the price."
,Recommended,413410,21359488,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tintin,10/10 if I can say so myself.
76561198073061172,Recommended,413410,21367317,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Su,Kyoko's best girl <3
,Recommended,413410,21368868,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fear_Dan,"I've been completed this game on PSP (Not Trigger Happy Havoc), I was wondering if i can play it in a bigger resolution. And now my dream come true."
,Recommended,413410,21370623,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,βίος,a real time killer
,Recommended,413410,21372447,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sheng Long,Now I can shoot people with Bullets of Truth... 10/10
76561198038419372,Recommended,413410,21378412,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,KindofScaryWalrus,"I saw the anime a couple of years back, and I didn't think it was too bad. A lot of the people who played the game said it was a terrible adaption, but I had no real way of knowing.Playing this (at chapter 3 now), I still think this is an great story, great mechanics, little hard to understand at first but easy to grasp, just everything is great.I went back and watched a couple of episodes of the anime adaption.........They done effed it right up."
,Recommended,413410,21325360,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Mogwai,"If you've watched the anime, please play this game as well. It's totally worth it.If you haven't watched the anime, please play this game and then marvel at the animation in the anime.This game is golden. That's all there is to it. It's a wonderful port, everything is pretty smooth and nothing was too janky. It runs amazingly.If you like Phoenix Wright or 999, this game is right for you."
,Recommended,413410,21363930,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SNOW SOS,"Unlike anything I have ever played before. A murder mystery with; entertaining characters, hilarious dialogue, gruesome deaths and an impressively fleshed out story. Once the game starts rolling it becomes a non-stop roller coaster until the end. Watch your favorite characters get murdered time and time again, despair never felt so good!AlsoMurder Bear told me to peek on the girls in the bathroom...I didgg worth"
,Recommended,413410,21347752,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Godtier Meme,"Ace Attorney: Child Endangerment Edition (Now with faster gameplay!)Seriously, though, this is a very nice translation that's kept true to the story. This game was probably one of the tougher ones to regionalize, so way to go to the team for doing it so well. My only complaint is that they didn't use the ""I can't believe it's not butter"" joke at a certain point."
76561198014120180,Recommended,413410,21356473,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,๖ۣۜGlitch Punk,"If emo's ruled the world, this is possibly how it could turn out, luckily there are a strong few who have managed to resist the emo movement and are fighting hard to overcome it. But the emo is strong and will the heroes be able to resist the emo that comes from within? This game was great would recommend you all play this Emo Wars: A new HopeNow I just wait for the sequel Return of the Emo. And hopefully a third, the The Emo Strikes Back"
,Recommended,413410,21319795,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Vidservent,"This is the best non-romance visual novel on steam so far as long as you like murder mystery, plot twists, and hanging out with characters to know them better."
,Recommended,413410,21358726,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,scottyawesomesauce,"This game is really awesome. I have enjoyed every minute of it so far. It's a little long in the beginning, but the characters are fun and interesting enough to entertain you until things really get started.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jKtgbCoG2s&index=1&list=PLwHWEC6HRs9HbcHnRH_5LLIVfgfWuiweY"
76561198154521774,Recommended,413410,21309035,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mattis,SPOILERSThe game has balls in the characters it chooses to kill. One of the characters you'd assume would survive until the last chapter of the game dies in the first.♥♥♥♥♥♥s intense
,Recommended,413410,21322012,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,it's miscu,"I played through this awhile ago on another platform, buying again here because I really want to support this and other NIS titles getting into more people's hands.The game is very similar to the Ace Attorney series in that you'll follow a structure of ""lull period > murder > investigation > trial"", but it's a much darker setting where an average joe and various eccentric upperclassmen are locked up in a private academy, with the only way out being to kill another student and get away with the crime. All the while goaded on by a malevolent cartoon bear.It's a hybrid between visual novel and adventure game, with a cast of absurd characters who you actually get pretty attached to over time, ratcheting up the tension of wondering who's going to off who next. Whereas the court sections in Ace Attorney are fairly static affairs of ""present evidence here"", in Danganronpa they're comprised of these ridiculous minigames, like firing your evidence at opposing statements in an on-rails shooter, or playing a rhythm game to out-argue your opponent. It's nuts, and it's awesome.Masafumi Takada's soundtrack is a real gem too, it's an absolutely fantastic blend between the creeping dread pervading the grim atmosphere and high-energy electro beats during the court sections. Though unfortunately the soundtrack on Steam doesn't seem to contain all the tracks of the game, rather a few extended mixes of scattered tracks.Definitely one of my personal favorite games, had me hooked the whole way through."
76561198258135057,Recommended,413410,21353324,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Radio Freeman Guy man,Dangit Ron Paul is a very good video game that I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys a good mystery and can handle the trigger happy trials.
,Recommended,413410,21310680,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Zero,"A really solid and interesting adventure/mystery visual novel with an in-depth story line. I highly recommend you get this game if you enjoy visual novels. If you have already seen the anime, I would still highly recommend you get this. This is much more detailed compared to the anime, which was quite rushed in my opinion."
,Recommended,413410,21318832,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Bolzen X. The Imera Hunter,10/10May despair be with you...Upupupu...
,Recommended,413410,21366750,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bio,Lovely little brain-teaser and detective-mystery with a twist of Phoenix wrights debating system!You are 1 of 15 students that enter a prestigious school that turns out to be more than it seems and the only way to graduate is by killing another student.
76561198034387750,Not Recommended,413410,28329251,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Findanniin,"Tough game to review. Shame about the binary rating system.If you're fine with all the Japanese storytelling clichés and archetypes; consider my 'not recommended' inverted, you'll likely be fine with it.Still with me?Here goes.I have *no* idea who the target audience for this game is.The plot is simple; You're the 13 ultimate something teenagers, and a hyper-advanced robot bear who speaks in a high pitched voice wants you to kill other teenagers in secret, and if they don't find out you absolutely murdered someone you get to go home free, but he'll kill EVERYONE else - but if they figure out it was you, he kills you in the most gruesome way he can imagine instead.Yeah, you might need to re-read that a few times.Now, since your disbelief is already suspended this far, you'll also have no problem believing that the other teenagers waste no time at all to get murdering, leaving you (for some reason) as the only capable investigator to go and find out 'whodunnit'.And it was the whodunnit elements that got me interested and put this game on my radar.I'm not much for the ... for lack of a better word .. Japaneseness (I know that's not a word!) of it all, but I figured I'd look past all that and look for the game underneath.Oh boy. If the plot seems contrived, the gameplay makes even less sense.The problem is that the game offers some cases that are really contrived and far-fetched and therefore hard to solve with just logic and deductive reasoning. For example, in one case, an innocent character actually sneaks into the crimescene and messes with it just to make things harder for you.Disregard that you failing would get him killed too.So, since the game isn't playing to your deductive skills - it instead makes everyone else bumbling idiots who can't tell a lie or remember an event for longer than three lines in. The game is then played by targetting the words they speak that contradict events.But, because the game assumes you, the player, are also a bumbling idiot, they highlight the words you can target in bright gold.If you then still don't get it (or just wanted to read the full dialogue before deciding), they'll throw a hint at you that makes getting it wrong just about impossible.There's a bunch of variations on this, where sometimes you have to shoot letters to spell a word, or just rhytmically tap buttons without any pretense that thought is involved or present evidence the game won't let you miss (because the only way to advance is to find *all* the evidence).So ... yeah. If you were hoping to put your grey matter to use in Dangonronpa, forget about it.If you instead wanted to read a weird visual novel about a group of misfits killing each other to please a robot bear ...This 'll be right up your alley."
,Recommended,413410,21313790,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TehNoobyGaming,"Just finished the first chapter, the game runs nicely and the voice acting is pretty good considering it is an English dub. The dialog is funny and each character has their own unique personality.The art is also pretty and very colourful. If you like murder mystery type games or the Phoenix Wright series, then you will like this game!*Update*The only con I do have with the game is recycling the same voice clips over and over again. It was nice at first but after a while it does get to be repetitive.10/10 would despair again."
,Recommended,413410,21310564,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,chill ✨,"Played this on PSP. Hell, I loved it.I even tried to play the Japanese sequel the best I could.Here it is, though, the fantastic Steam release. I'm using the Japanese voice acting, still don't like the translation from Super High School Level / Super Duper High School titles to Ultimate titles, since those were so silly and cool like that.Ah well. Still rad, if you haven't seen/heard of it yet, and you like Phoenix Wright-esque games, this is for you."
,Recommended,413410,21363763,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Hydrodien,"Great game, reminded me of how much fun I had playing it on the psp. Now we must pray for a 999 remake AM I RITE?10 outta 10"
,Recommended,413410,21321015,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Firephoenix544,"Finally a Phoenix Wright type game that dosn't suck.   It's like a mix of Personia's friendship system, and the fun of Phoenix Wright trials, and investigation.The worst part is the rythem game.  It's so pointless and is stupid with the fun gameplay.  Luckly, it dosn't happen that often.  I hope they get rid of it in the sequel."
,Recommended,413410,21304389,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Raiden Garai,"Danganronpa is like Big Brother with murder, high schoolers, and a hilarious bear. Stop reading this and go play it. You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,413410,30845117,Posted: 30 March,all,RNGsus,Absolutely Amazing.
76561198140853566,Recommended,413410,21826972,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,󠀡Naf...Nfss...Nice,still on the first trial
76561198058043953,Recommended,413410,21401545,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,kandnm115709,"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a PC port of a PSP game released in 2010. It's a visual novel mystery adventure game, similar to the Ace Attorney series. However in my honest opinion, this game is the poor man's version of the Ace Attorney (AA) series.The game is about 15 teenagers, trapped in school where their only means of escaping is to murder other teenagers trapped under the watchful gaze of Monokuma, a derange psychopath remote controlling a mechanical bear. It's up to the main character, Makoto Naegi, to find out the murderer when a murder happens, discover the mysteries of the school and escape.The characters are very colourful and well diverse (except for the main character who is self-aware to be completely average and have absolutely no special traits or talents whatsoever). Thankfully the supporting casts are not as boring but since this is a murder mystery game, players might not have the chance to fully know some of the characters. In fact, there's literally only 3 characters including the MC that are fully capable of running an investigation. The others are basically dead weight. Some are more likable than others but most are completely useless. Even worse, one of the characters who survived the whole game is a comic relief who brings absolutely nothing to the game other than making stupid and bad jokes. I assure you, the jokes are not funny and it honestly makes me question the devs decision to keep the character alive.Gameplay, as I mentioned before, are similar to the AA series, only not as polished. There's an element of dating sim in the game but sadly underdeveloped. I appreciate the first person mode but it honestly doesn't do much to add to the game. The murder mysteries are inferior compared to the AA series and the clues are either too obvious or too vague. Nothing is more frustrating than not knowing what exactly the game really wants.The ending sucks, too. The games tried so hard to give a fulfilling ending with it's plot twists and all but I found it to fall short. Honestly it kinda makes me a bit depressed in the end.One thing people should know about this game is that there's little to none replay value. Once you've beaten it, that's it. Unless you like reading mountains of texts and re-solving the same murder, you probably won't replay this.Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a good game, so I'm giving it a thumbs up. However compared to the AA series, this game is clearly not as good.RECOMMENDED: For anyone who enjoys the AA series, visual novel games or solving mysteries.NOT RECOMMENDED: For those who doesn't enjoy anime-styled visual novel games."
,Recommended,413410,21303473,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Phase†Path,Great Import! Good Graphic! Better Control!Now waiting for DanganRonpa 2 and Another!
,Recommended,413410,21311969,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Guitar Smash,"Doesn't have the best waifu, Ibuki Mioda.I rate it a perfect 5/7."
,Recommended,413410,21355452,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Powell,"Chihiro is the best girl.Prove me wrong, ok?"
,Recommended,413410,21304580,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,❂~-~_~david bowie~_~-~ 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴,great game finnaly on pc graphics may not be the best but it doesn't have to be for you to love this story and clench every time someone dies
,Recommended,413410,21318998,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"good game, like the vita version but one thing that is lacking is where are the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥main menu to exit game. anyway no bug at all and a solid port to begin with. please add a function to save and exit game."
76561198074576045,Recommended,413410,21501989,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,RuShNiGhTfIr3,This game is great! I cant stop playing it
,Recommended,413410,21615453,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Carnivorous,
76561198282528167,Recommended,413410,21416175,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Wadanobara,"amazing port, just some minor graphical glitches with the textboxes, but overall runs smoothly"
,Recommended,413410,21614585,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Caleb,"Me: ive been waiting for this game for a long time now.Game: You know those characters you got attached to? Guess what, Their all dead?9/11 would have my fave characters murdered again"
,Recommended,413410,21401216,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,AtmaVegeta,"Loved the game.  The characters and story were well developed and enjoyable.  Great art throughout the game.Would definately recommend to others.   One of the few games I made sure to stay away from spoilers.My only dislike of the game was the music.  I wasn't a fan for the most part.  Also, I wouldn't have minded a bit more closure on a few issues (don't really detract from story but I like most things spelled out for me ha)."
,Recommended,413410,21667558,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Power Brick,"Incredible! Picked this up thinking it to be just another boring visual novel...Damn was I wrong, in a good way.This game just manages to keep you engaged for so long, I start playing intending to only play for a couple hours, before I know it 7 hours have passed, I'm in my underwear eating Cheetos out of a baseball cap staring into the empty void of Monokuma's robotic eye realising my own mortality....Also the music is good."
,Recommended,413410,22785326,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gette,pupupupupu
,Recommended,413410,21332176,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,( º ﻿Ｗａｒｐ Ｚｏｎｅ º ),"As a huge DanganRonpa fan (Played the PSP fan translation, played all 3 games in the series on the PS Vita, and own 2 copies of each game) I'm gonna keep it short for those who are considering this game.If you enjoy a good murder mystery in lieu of Phoenix Wright, this is the game for you. It's a fantastic PC port with a fantastic cast of colourful characters with beautiful artwork, as well as music from Akira Yamaoka (Silent Hill Series) himself. But fair warning, you will go through a buttload of emotional trauma from the emotional connections you make with characters who may or may not end up dying. This game left me with some inner turmoil for a short while.In addition, I'm hoping they can bring over the Zero Escape series over to Steam, as the games are from Spike Chunsoft as well and exceed in quality and story just as well as DanganRonpa does."
,Recommended,413410,23946042,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CuddzBear,"I can't say I liked it, but it's not by any means a bad game."
,Recommended,413410,21307794,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,LimeCatMaster,It's Danganronpa on Steam and it's still great. Looks great on PC and mouse controls make the game a lot better.
,Recommended,413410,23837214,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nimrion,Illuminati is an option for one of the answers.10/10.
,Recommended,413410,34052117,Posted: 5 August,all,Sakuya,"I've been a DR fan since 2013 I'm pretty sure. This game is amazing with the characters, gameplay, andamazingstoryline. The game really brings out things that weren't mentioned in the anime.10/10."
,Recommended,413410,23786407,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Awp N Nova Style,"Great art style, story and puzzles"
76561198166506715,Recommended,413410,30837842,Posted: 30 March,all,Omega Zero,"Game is great.  I would reccomend for any anime fan, and anyone who likes the ""who-done-it"" type of games."
76561198105661357,Recommended,413410,22919378,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,hedi1234,"DEEP STORY, STRONG LOGIC WITH GOOD BGM, U HAVE TO TRY THIS."
,Recommended,413410,21471985,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jachymor,"Murder Mistery? Social Links? Rythm Games? Over the top anime? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of despair? If you look for that, do not even think twice!Pro: Well fleshed-out stories, characters, art, murders, cutscenes, interactive trial mechanics... Very good cost-entertainment-ratio.Con: Sometimes slightly clashing art, some trial mechanics seem unnecessary complicated, early trials deliver answers quite frankly on the nose."
,Recommended,413410,23627632,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Titosor,"The story is great. The game part of the game? Not so great.Recommended, but those trials are BS. Do yourself a favor and just look up the answers so you can experience the awesome story without the tedium."
76561198188669098,Recommended,413410,21305097,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,McNugget,10/10 best game
,Recommended,413410,28452927,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MC Indigestion,best girl
76561198294130454,Recommended,413410,28737335,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Leon.Kuwata,Baseball is lame. Music is my passion
76561197995555667,Recommended,413410,21403092,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Rainwrath,10/10 Best Game ever.
,Recommended,413410,21383195,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mechaphile,Persona + Zero Escape + Ace Attourney = zetsubo
,Recommended,413410,21328701,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Linearskillz,"Wholehearted recommendation.I had previously played this game (and sequel + spinoff) on Vita and it's one of the best Visual Novel/Mystery Adventure series out there.Port seems solid enough, though it's using PSP/Vita 2D assets so they are visibly scaled and blurry. The 3D elements will render at whatever resolution you want. Run at 60fps (capped)."
,Recommended,413410,34071044,Posted: 6 August,all,KitsuneGrace,9/10why is it not 10/10?Because ishimaru ♥♥♥♥ing died
,Recommended,413410,29512485,Posted: 26 January,all,Raven,I laughed. I cried. I got sick to death of bear puns.10/10.
,Recommended,413410,21377361,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,dexo568,"A middling port of a great game.Pros:+ Story is engaging and tense.+ Memorable characters.+ More exploration than the average visual novel.+ ""Objection"" logic is cleaner and easier to follow than in other courtroom games.+ Fantastic psycho-pop art style.Cons:- Poorly-ported/confusing control scheme.- All achievements currently broken on Mac, some achievements just broken, period.- Crashes enough to be annoying.- Rhythm minigame never feels intuitive.- $30 is a lot for a port of a 2010 PSP game.The only thing that's really holding this game back is the aforementioned control scheme. The buttons used include F1, F2, esc, tab, q, w, e, r, a, s, d, left shift, x, space, enter, arrow keys, left click, mouse wheel, right click... It's just a visual novel.  You shouldn't need that many buttons. Additionally, it's the truly bizarre combinations of those buttons that make the control scheme so counter-intuitive -- for example, the aforementioned rhythm game uses right-click, left-click, q, tab, and space. Most buttons for this game seem to have been decided by throwing darts at a picture of a keyboard.All that said, though, I very much enjoyed this game and strongly recommend it for anyone who's into visual novels."
76561198032591277,Recommended,413410,21389692,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Riichi,Great game.  Need more like this!
,Recommended,413410,21381287,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dr. Arbitrary,"This game is sorta like if you combined Ace Attorney with the movie ""Saw."""
,Recommended,413410,21379886,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,KingdomofNerdum,"I love this game played it on PSP a while ago and its just a wonderful experience. If you like visual novels or the idea of them but just couldnt get into it because there isnt enough gameplay this might just be the one for you! It has much more gameplay to it, take persona 4 without the rpg elements. just longer conversations and a first emphasis on solving murders and second being talking with and raising your relationships of the other ""students"".As far as the pc version goes its nice being in 1080p but there are some in game textures and things that look like they didnt get changed from the psp version and looked very very stretched and jagged. Also in the first elevator scene before the class trial i ran into what im thinking was a bug as there was just a loud hig hitched buzz. I dont remember there being such a noise so i feel maybe it was a glitch with the game trying to loud a sound and messing up? who knows.Anywho great game and i'd definitely recommend it to any who is a fan of the phoenix wright games, anime fans or anyone just willing to just give it a chance. It's good stuff and has a lot of great humar and feels, including some hilariously dark humor.Thanks for reading and go have fun!Also... You can watch my playthrough as its uploaded here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfL_sAmj3VSGYlX1HU0S1Bltuc98W5eI2"
76561198024806132,Recommended,413410,21382451,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Silver22,"Danganronpa is a visual novel style game which basically puts the mechanics of the Pheonix Wright games into Saw movie.  While it is certainly flawed, if the basic concept intrigues or excites you, this game will deliver the fundamentals you want.Est play time, 20 hoursYou are trapped in a school with other students, and the only way to escape is to kill someone without getting caught. If you are found guilty in the ensuing class trial, the master mind kills you. If the class trial gets it wrong, everyone but the killer dies, and the killer goes free.  Overtime, the group struggles both to stay alive as individuals, escape as a group and figure out the overarching mysteries surrounding this school and their imprisonment.Each chapter will have 4 basic componenets:A barely interactive cutscene sets the stage for the chapter and advances the story.Free Time, in which you attempt to woo students with gifts in order to learn skills from them and more about them.Investigation: A body has been discovered, you must explore to find hints and interview other students.Class Trial: You must use the clues to deduce the killer through a series of minigames, including spot the contradiction and a rhythm game to deal with irrational students.Danganronpa has two great strengths: the cast and the mysteries.  Everyone (except the protagonist) is colorful, and generally bounce of eachother in interesting ways that change over the course of the story.  The murder mysteries can generally be relied upon to be more than meets the eye, and each one fits in with the emotional mood of the story at the time.  The General Mysteries over-arch through the plot nicely.  Both types of mysteries manage to construct a sidewinding path that you must take to deduce them while remaining simple enough in execution to not be unbelievable, to an extent.Unfortunately, while the fundamentals of this game are good, there are faults even here.  The writing occasionally takes a nose dive, and the prolouge and epilouge are almost painful to sit through.  The Class trial minigames grow tiresome, as once youve solved the whole mystery, you wont see why youre stopped because you cant hit some spinning dialogue text in time.Furthermore, this game is the patron saint of petty annoyances.  The vending machine in which you can only buy a random present one at a time, the habit of teleporting you back to your room only to ask you to go out again, the lack of an inter-floor teleport late in the game, and other minor issues stop this game from being as immersive as it could be.Conclusion: A solid 7/10, this game keeps you coming back with its excellent narrative and setting, despite its several minor failings."
,Recommended,413410,21386270,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Yong,Weird how i can smile and laugh through this without any sense of despair. A masterpiece of dark humour.
76561198219805987,Recommended,413410,21357255,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,FreezingCoal,"Bear puns. Dark humour. Dark themes. Humorous themes. Colourful characters. Ultimate characters. Evil bears. Multiple instances of emoticon use in actual dialogue.INVESTIGATE THE MURDER OF WHO MIGHT BE YOUR FAVOURITE CHARACTER!!!proceed to discover another of your faves is the one who killed them. cry.10/10 would emotionally destroy myself againP.S.: Looking through the negative reviews, the majority of them are complaining about the vast amount of dialogue, so. If you dont like reading, this game isn't one for you. Dialogue is plentiful and only occasionally repetitive. This game is, at it's core, a VISUAL NOVEL, even though it has other gameplay elements at times. Please take a look through the tags before buying to make sure it's the kind of game you'd enjoy!"
,Recommended,413410,21366370,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Totty,This game's just Ace Attorney.But more involved. And more sadistic. And more anime. And you're your own Defense Attorney while everybody else is a prosecutor. And all of the prosecutors are potential victims or killers. And the judge is a heartless bear instead of Santa.Only subtle differences really.
76561198035938427,Recommended,413410,21377522,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Zerobee,"Welcome to Despair!I played the hell out of this game on the VITA and its one of my favorite games ever. Plays similar to Phoenix Wright and the Zero Escape stuff, which is a very good thing. It's a strange blend of Clue and Battle Royal, the end result is a unique twisted murder mystery experience. If you have some time on your hands, get this game!10/10 Would despair again."
,Recommended,413410,21350845,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Metarupaa,"4-5 hours spending for a single chapter, when watch anime its only take 40 minutesbut, its worthed than the animationWho die, U decide"
,Recommended,413410,21376720,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ender_Tux,Is very addicting
,Recommended,413410,25687252,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ラビット,There's a young Axel from Kingdom Hearts and he has a beard.He also get killed by baseballs. I love this game. {/spoiler
,Recommended,413410,22117193,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Dacklehouse,"Can i get some help here right now? I just finished the first class trial and when the execution animation was supposed to come on, the screen went black and i could only hear the audio. Also when the audio ended the black screen stayed there and i couldn't do anything about it, so i had to exit my game. Its kinda agravating that i have to go through all of the class trial again, and what if it happens again? PLEASE HELP ME. Also i should note that when an animation occures, the audio goes faster then the video and it ends before the video has a chance to catch up to it, is there any way to fix this? HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLPPPPPPPPPPPPPP"
,Recommended,413410,22743966,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pegashush,how to kill people for dumb reasons: the gameprologue: who are these peoplechapter 1: what a twistchapter 2: dammit I actually liked that characterchapter 3: actually a mystery for oncechapter 4: tragic but coolchapter 5: basically ship teasingchapter 6: how to kill a bear
76561198128026630,Recommended,413410,22702601,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,The Epic Engineer,"All of my friends are dead.10/10, would play again"
,Recommended,413410,24804306,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Persona5,Good game.
,Recommended,413410,24964703,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,HyperBrachydios,"""It's like Ace Attorney with guns."""
76561198366787810,Recommended,413410,31274332,Posted: 21 April,all,Djdudenx203,"great game, it fills me with...Hope."
,Recommended,413410,21401287,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,axcelctw,"a very fun game for mysteries lovers like myself. but the case can be a quite predictable at times. but i do struggle a little as well. there is a time liit for each segment, it's not as slow going as ace attorney.but i do feel free time a bit short and a maximum of two people can be talked to each free time, worst one. why restrict it when there is a sysem that limit the possibilities of getting skills. and skills doesnt nessarily feels better aside from the time increase. but in the end is a a fun game. the styleof the game is awesome, this proes that not everything needs to be f****** 3d to be a good game. In fact i find this to be a good return from those 3d game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, so freekin tired, not that this is a new game.i hope the next sequel will be on steam as well. for the developers, although this is a port but you could add on a few additional features to make the gameplay more unique form the the original console. you cant copy and paste everything. a remake would be better of course while keeping the core gameplay and storyline and adding some new elements and better graphic to suit pc. not 3d ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of course, just improve the 2d graphic to make it more beautiful than the original console. keep up the good work and looking forward for your sequel."
76561198069720796,Recommended,413410,33169253,Posted: 2 July,all,Linkin Pork,Perfect game
,Recommended,413410,33159418,Posted: 2 July,all,Taking1n1,It's a good game
76561198070265328,Recommended,413410,32989312,Posted: 29 June,all,Maverick,"Kyoko is love Kyoko is life, oh and there's a talking bear in the game so buy it."
76561198010628579,Recommended,413410,31695112,Posted: 11 May,all,Shoeming,tsundere best girl always
,Recommended,413410,33362579,Posted: 7 July,all,madotsuki,:O
,Recommended,413410,28715934,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PhoenixOfTheNight,"All the characters I don't like (Except for one) all live.The favourites either:- Die first before I get to know them properly- Die last after I've had the entire game time to get attatched to them.The third case isn't complete unless you play the Benny Hill theme in the background.11037/10Alternative titles: ""Despair Simulator 2016"" ""Danganronpa: Hello Despair"" ""Be Thankful Kirigiri Is There To Save You"" ""Everyone Is Very Dumb In Case 1""Have fun getting your heart ripped out! Oh, the mysteries are great too. Apart from Case 1."
76561198072026241,Recommended,413410,33040620,Posted: 30 June,all,Cyral Drive,Yes
76561198174433058,Recommended,413410,26186868,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,BillCosby,The best game ever made!!!!!!! ITS ACTION PACKED AND AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!!! ITS LITERALLY THE BEST THING EVER MADE.although the steam import isn't as good as the Vita
76561198128102281,Recommended,413410,26191792,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,madamsnowegoddess,great game!
,Recommended,413410,32211965,Posted: 5 June,all,絶望,10/10
76561198088432476,Recommended,413410,32281885,Posted: 8 June,all,Ghoulish,That one tedious acheivement to get them all...
,Recommended,413410,32917292,Posted: 28 June,all,Uraeus,"Really awesome game. Great story with really charismatic characters. If you like visual novels, this is your game"
76561198085852407,Recommended,413410,24126335,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sco0pz,"Hina Waifu, All Hail Dount Queen"
,Recommended,413410,21434824,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,2evil,This game feels so right on PC. The trading cards and achievements are a plus as well.
,Recommended,413410,21436263,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Austin Saikyostyle,MOAR DANGANRONPA!! MOAAAAAAAAR!!!!!!!!! @u@
76561198092431729,Recommended,413410,29495919,Posted: 25 January,all,MORROGANDER,I fragging deleted this game when my waifu is killed in the first chapter! HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME!!!!
,Recommended,413410,26985487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grand Inquisitor,It's good.
76561198194267930,Recommended,413410,21683149,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,LorqVonRaypc,10/10Can't wait for Danganronpa 2
,Recommended,413410,24427283,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Xefros Tritoh,Pedobear included
,Recommended,413410,25413461,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Pure Doomium,"This would surely be injustice on my part to give this masterpiece a negative review!PROS:-Atmosphere-Story-Mechanics-ImmersionCONS:-If you're illiterate, or barely literate (e.g. you notice yourself complaining about ""boring walls of text""), you won't enjoy Danganronpa!"
76561198005468081,Recommended,413410,21506464,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,dr.halpinstein,"Just good times to be had when a murderous monster holds you hostage and tries to convince everyone to kill each other. Pretty long (not for me but it could be for othesr, class trials are very talky and involve a lot of back and forth) at times and kind of weird but in good ways.You hate the villain but in the way you should hate a villain. At times they do some good bait and switch and leave you asking important questions."
76561198067513418,Recommended,413410,21510473,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,777bigmanlee,"Watched a bear dance in a hoola hoop which made someone turn into Butter. 10/10.In all seriousness though, Daganronpa has a fantastic story full of great plot twists, wacky characters and a great antagonist, but to say more would ruin the experience.I completed this on PS Vita. This is just a regular PC Port with nothing new,The story takes at least 25 hours unless you are a fast reader. English and Japanese audio options available."
76561198257399033,Recommended,413410,21695381,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,neophyte-redvines,"This game is pure gold. I'm probably biased since I enjoy the entire danganronpa series and have been waiting for these games to come to PC for about 3 to 4 years now. That being said, finally being able to play it did not dissapoint. You do lose replay value the more times you play through it, but the characters are so likable that I don't really mind. The soundtrack is okay on its own, but fits well with the murder mystery angle. If you like murder mystery or visual novel style games, you will probably enjoy this one.Pros:-Likable characters (even though they are kinda stereotypical)-Some features are only unlocked when you have completed the game, making replay worth it at least once.-Middle difficulty (kind) is easy enough for most players. If you want trials to be a little harder, use Mean mode; there are more bullets and a bit higher of a penalty for getting things wrong.-Decent soundtrack; it gets you all excited for murder.-Heart pounding punishmentsCons:-Your fave will most likely die. No seriously, try not to get attached to anyone.-It takes about 30 hours to complete the game including School Life mode. So you're paying about a dollar an hour of game play. It is definately worth this price, but if you don't want to pay that either wait for a steam sale or when they inevitably bundle DR1 and SDR2.-If you have watched the anime, you will lose replay value, since you know the outcome of every trial. But it is fun to play even if you have watched it.-No you cannot plan and commit murder. The game won't let you.Overall this was an extremely enjoyable game and everyone should buy it and play it at least once so spike chunsoft will be convinced to bring Ultra-despair girls and Danganronpa 3 to PC besides just DR1 and SDR2, because this series is excellent."
,Recommended,413410,21687923,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Shuuichi™,"The only thing I like better are detective games with a bunch of details and here's a couple of reason why to spend your free night on Sunday or Saturday playing this instead of Phoenix Wright: We ♥♥♥♥ed the game up version.The game is more complex and doesn't require a bunch of button spam or rapidly doing everything over and over again, Sure it may be similar to Phoenix Wright and other games but actually this game requires for you to click a lot and search every single little detail of a room or area, Even the free roaming requires for you to examine an area of some sorts unlike some games where it is just a drop down menu and you can select every single bit of it and skip the dialog and finish the game in like 7 hours, This game will take you more then just 7 hours to beat and actually took me the whole week to beat it (I go to classes so probably why it took time) but either way I did an example with Phoenix Wright: Duel Destinies (said to be longest game) along with this game and I actually found this game to be longer and harder then that. Another thing is that the story is really good and not some stupid murder ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like some games, It requires for students to kill other students in order to escape and of course that is where it begins and everyone goes into a state of despair where they start making a agreements and your at the edge of your seat knowing that one of them are going to betray right? Unlike other games which is less detailed like this it's just a bunch of cases like this: Murders, murders, homicide,♥♥♥♥♥♥(offensive sorry), hacks, robing, murders, here is more murders, like murders? here you go, and random♥♥♥♥♥♥So either way this game is fun and has some downsides to it like you know that this person will leave and you think this and that but I won't spoil also TIP don't look up anything about this game online, Usually will have spoilers, So either way get this game if you actually like detective and searching games with detail and not some other one with button spam9.7/10 -Game play9.9/10 -Trials9.1/10 -Interaction9.5/10 -Animation10/10 -Soundtrack"
,Recommended,413410,21693263,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Haruki,10/10 would despair again.
,Recommended,413410,21701699,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Elise,The mac controls are a little sticky but I love this game. Well done.
76561197986280941,Recommended,413410,21308763,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Blightstrider,"Firstly, another fantastic reason for your PS Vita to collect dust.I played this game when it was originally released west-side and I can say with this utmost confidence...This is the best visual novel on Steam.Period.DANGANRONPA is a thrilling murder-mystery visual novel with a endearing sense of humour. The soundtrack is fun and the art is imaginative. Many of the characters are lovable and the plot contains some brilliant twists and heartwrenching moments.If I could sum up my praise for the game in a single line...It made a PS Vita worth buying.But now that is on Steam, you don't have!"
,Recommended,413410,21311347,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"Ignore the Steam played hours I have played a lot of this game on Vita and played enough to see how the PC port holds up.This game is very similar to the Phonix Write Ace Attorney series of games, it is very much a visual novel with point and click detective parts and the trials are a mix of several different things but the main thing being using the right clues at the right times. It is very heavy on the text talking and so expect to read a lot in it. The dective parts are simplistic check every searchable spot you can find and talk to everyone. The real enjoyment of the game comes down to the case trials which are interesting to play and have very interesting outcomes. If you enjoyed Phonix Write games you will find this right up your alley, if you hate visual novels with how much of that there is you may have a hard time getting to the trials before giving up because it is very visual novel heavy, heck it took almost 30 minutes to skip through all the intro dialog as quickly as possible for me to see the PC port status.With that said now for the port quality, I would say its passable but not great. The graphics look like taking the Vita version and just blowing them up to fit your moniter, they don't look any higher rez then the Vitas version, but it does atleast stay at a constant 60FPS even for the cutsceens. The keys are not rebindable (atleast not in game, maybe you can in a ini file, but in game definitly not), and while the mouse works for a fair chunk of the gameplay there is zero mouse support in menus which is my biggest gripe with this port, its bad enough not having rebindable keys in a PC port, but having no mouse support in menus is a big turn off.Despite its poor PC port, I would still say that this is an enjoyable enough of a game to be worth the money and would actually like to see some PC loving for this game so maybe one day the publisher of the Pheonix Write games see there is an interest in that style of games on PC as well because while I love those games its just so hard for me to play games on my handhelds for long periods of time.I hope that the devs add in some PC features into the game, like the two complaints I had, but for the price the game is good, and the soundtrack is decent. If anything I would say maybe wait and see if the devs add in the features that should be standard for PC like rebindable keys before buying to try to enforce better porting standards, but other then that I would definitly say this game is good and would like to see more of this type of games like Phoenix Wright/Apollo Justice, and the second Danganrompa game on PC."
,Recommended,413410,21492132,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Xiuda,"I went into this game blind (as everyone should, everything is a spoiler!) and found it to be a really fun story that was fun to uncover on my own.  It wasn't as emotionally charged as similar visual novel games (LIke 999) but you still feel attached to the characters and you're kept on your toes as to who is going to go next.  I think the only disappointment for me is that sometimes it's really easy to figure out ""whodunnit"", and even as soon as the start of the investigation. I look forward to the next installment!"
76561198001309870,Recommended,413410,21507370,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Safeword: POLICE BRUTALITY PL,"Well, if I may say some about this game, I will say. Overhelmingly positive rank is totally deserved!^^Befriended cute girl.Another cute one killed before even try to befriend with her.During trial another one die, game not allowed me to chat with her.So I wasted my time on Monokuma Machine XD.EXCELLENT GAMEPLAY, PLOT, CHARACTERS AND PLOT TWISTS! ^^ THIS WILL FORCE YOU TO PLAY AGAIN WITH ANOTHER PLAN IN HEAD^^~3 difficulty levels - for spice up the gameFor me, it only make me hungry for Super Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair, Danganronpa Another Episode:  Ultra Despair Girls and Danganronpa V3: New Semester Of Killing.If you saw Danganronpa:  The Animation,  forget about anime and play this game, back story is better explained and the characters with past!Have a blast on rocket to the moon and back to Earth!!AHAHAHAH!!!  ^^^ *MONOKUMA'S LAUGHING*"
,Recommended,413410,21607823,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,waypastlame,Yes. Yes. Please buy. Yes. Just do it m8 I r8 8/8
,Recommended,413410,21503520,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Sparkle,"all of my favourite characters dead, and i didnt know one of my favourite characters is a trap!!10/10 will buy second frenchise of danganronpa"
76561198055512710,Recommended,413410,21514179,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ninjapick,"Simply amazing.Let's see a port of the second one, sooner rather than later."
76561198067637581,Recommended,413410,21559095,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,royalwinter55,"this game is almost everything i love all rolled up together. it has great art work and amazing voice acting  it has ""romance"" ,horror, mystery and is just an overall amazing game and even though most of my favorite charecters die *sniffle* it is easly one of my favorite games ....also dont watch the anime if at all possible. it was terrible compared to the game ...especially the english dub....the word yolo should never come out of monokuma's mouth.....EVER!!!"
,Recommended,413410,21306130,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,GemNinja☯#WalkTheDinosaur,COUNTER BREAK
,Recommended,413410,21311298,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Party Cats,"Watched the anime, and decided to play the VN. It is incredibly amazing, and the fun part of the game is being able to investigate at your own disposal. Although, my experience is slightly ruined due to the anime, since I know what to look for.Despite all that, pretty good so far."
,Recommended,413410,21316656,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ThunderGemios10,"First discovered in Animax as Danganronpa: The Animation.To be honest.. the anime was rushed.Then i decided to play the game. Since my wallet was empty that time, i played the psp fan translation by Project Zetsubou. And i loved it!After hearing that its getting a PC port.. I had to buy it!9/10 - Would play again."
,Recommended,413410,21397691,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SKILLS,the salt is real
,Recommended,413410,21416178,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Sayaka Miki,"I started playing 3 days ago, The next thing I remembered is 3 days missing from my life.(Ignore time played, its wrong. Have about 25 hours)"
76561198080488266,Recommended,413410,21446540,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mitch,"Super fun game, i think it goes to show how good the game is by the fat that i am aware of the plot having seen the anime first, however i am still heavily invested in the game. The gameplay is superb and very unique in terms of the Class Trials. Only complaint would be that the dialog can sometimes go on to long and i feel like gameplay and dialog could have been distributed better. Other than that, very very good game 9/10"
,Recommended,413410,21549516,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Glacier Shake,"I'm a big fan of the Ace Attuney series and was told that I would like this game by friends.So, since it finally had a PC release, how could I not at least try it.40 hours later.........GIMME DANGANRONPA 2!!! :D"
,Recommended,413410,21556869,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,yuberries,5/7 anime
76561198160698049,Recommended,413410,21560137,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Taffy,THIS GAME IS RUINING MY LIFE AND I LOVE IT
,Recommended,413410,21580220,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pizzzzzza,IT WOULD BE THE ULTIMATE DESPAIR IF U DIDNT BUY THIS GAME! HELL YEAH!
,Recommended,413410,21637923,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MissDJM,Best waifu simulator.10/10 Real girls are overrated.
76561197970771741,Recommended,413410,21433224,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mr. Panda,Kirigiri is only reason to buy this game.
,Recommended,413410,21467158,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Kuramastrass,"The true mystery is how Makoto Naegi was allowed to get away with the murder of fashion.In all seriousness, the game is a lot of fun. It's a point-and-click mystery VN featuring logic puzzles and a dash of psychological horror. I knew that as soon as I saw it was coming to Steam, I had to save up to buy it when it released. I was counting down the days. I was camped out on the store page for several hours beforehand, and when the buy button finally showed up I jumped on it. There were some issues with getting the Steam Controller to work properly at first, but almost all of my problems seem to have vanished with this first patch that's been released.There's a lot of reading, but a lot of gameplay, too. I think the art is good - there's certainly worse out there. The music is bangin'. If I had the money, I would buy a copy for everyone I know, and then I would buy at least ten more copies to gift to random people who want it. I love this game that much."
,Recommended,413410,21467386,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,CXV,Everyone I love is dying10/10 would despair again
76561198149534871,Recommended,413410,21484999,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,tntawesomeness,Its funny that instead of probably they spell it prolly10/10 would prolly play again
76561198011087058,Recommended,413410,21498945,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,erunaenia,"I am normally not a fan of Japanese games. But, I heard good things about this one and gave it a try, because I do like murder mystery. I don't regret it. The game delivers surprises and twists and keeps you invested in the story until the end. Sometimes it can get too linear and while the game thinks you're maybe not able to solve the problem, you already have the solution laid out. I was also surprised that after the forth murder, all of the survivers were still stunt by the fact, that one of them is the killer. You see, the characters are not the most clever ones, but on the other hand none of them was named the Ultimate Genius, so it makes sense I guess.While on the surface it's a lot about cliches and typical highschool problems, Monokuma's monologues do have deeper meaning of human nature in it. I am also very biased here, because the evil Teddy Bear is my favorite character. The game is a lot about talking to other characters, getting to know them before you might never see them alive again, investigate murders, and find the culprit together in a class trial (which is based on several different ""minigames""). Your days ingame always follow the same scheme, so it's like real life, just with better background music and more colorful settings.You also shouldn't waste your time reading this text, but play the game already.9/10 Truth bullets fired at the right moment."
76561198041624362,Recommended,413410,21510763,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SomeoneFancy,Everyone I befriended turned out to be stone cold killers or Victims #BadJudgementWould make friends with killers again! 10/10
,Recommended,413410,21527730,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Someone,"Really slow in the beggining, but after the first trial things get really good."
,Recommended,413410,21577567,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Dick Brickburger,dangit grandpa is breddy gud i guess10/10 gave me a despairection
,Recommended,413410,21672833,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ANG3LIC,Shut up and take my positivity!
76561198053347232,Recommended,413410,21427915,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Toastclaimer,"Phoneix wright meets dating sim meets....Saw.That pretty much sums it up.Has very similar courtroom jury setups but with a much more fast paced theme that needs the player to acutally know the answers rather than ""Spam the evidence til the music stops"". The section in between are a sort of psuedo dating sim with characters whom you can build up friendships with, with the interesting idea that any one of them will die next.Controls are a little stiff and icky but its mostly a visual novel so not to much fustration comes from it.Overall Phoniex Wright with more to do and several interesting twists ."
,Recommended,413410,21443229,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Nostro,"I played this 9 hours straight... i don't regret anything, not at all :^)Pros: I don't know, i'm a ♥♥♥♥ing weeb.Cons: Your hopes and dreams will be obliterated.Your waifu just died/10"
,Recommended,413410,21493161,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ibuki Mioda,After playing and finishing all 3 games for the ps vita I still enjoy playing the game :) Being on pc allows me to continue enjoying it on a much larger screen.  I normally hate reading but this is more like watching a movie as long as your not constantly hitting the skip button at least.This will be my 5th play of this one so far.
76561198277645181,Recommended,413410,21504656,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SlateDragon7417,"DAMN! What a great game, I enjoyed it until the very end. When the original PSP version came out I played it too but this version is great, the english dubs were cool and very convinsing.  The story was good and enrolling and the trials were AWESOME!!!!"
76561198241605874,Recommended,413410,21611341,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Aumyuu,"Only in Danganronpa can you give a mass murdering serial killer a vibrating doll, and totally not get stabbed in the eye.10/10 Present feature"
,Recommended,413410,21714112,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,孝明天皇 - Emperor Komei,"I'd buy it at full price, but if you're unsure, get it on a sale."
,Recommended,413410,21447478,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Light Saviour,Dang.
,Recommended,413410,21450327,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Orange Lightning,"Like Ace Attorney, but with dead kids!(seriously though, I mean it when I say this is one of the best games ever made and best game series' out there)"
,Recommended,413410,21485573,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,notalentgeek,♥♥♥♥♥ I rarely put my interest in visual novel game. Only Ace Attorney series and then I discovered this gem.
,Recommended,413410,21508088,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,samdawson73,Damn that fuzzy bear.
76561198068263120,Recommended,413410,21511754,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zenjamin,"Didn't expect much, Got hooked, had to write a paper in 3hrs because of it.10/10 would do again!"
76561198050630080,Recommended,413410,21516827,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,keeyan,Good
76561198257468640,Recommended,413410,21578065,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ray.daydream,Better than expect.Recommend for people who like Ace Attorney.
76561198275465077,Recommended,413410,21587849,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Carriexox,I can't exaggerate how much I love this game.
,Recommended,413410,21589597,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,WinterArtemis,"If you like Anime, Mystery Games, and you don't mind Dark/Grim Themes, then you'll love this gamePlay this game if you like mysteries, even if your not good at them. You won't regret it.Yes I liked this game. Why? Because it was what I expected, and yet not what I expected, at the same time. First off, I don't watch a few lot of anime tv shows. But I have seen Attack on Titan, and this game reminded me of it, a bit. Mostly just the blood and violence of the show, though the show is probably more violent, while this game is more dark, grim, and kind of sadistic. I'm not saying this to deter you from the game. I just want you to understand that, before you play it.Secondly, this game did a really good job of making me like the characters, and also be invested in finding the truth, just like everyone else in the game. Who died first, was pretty predictable though. But the end, was not what I expected. And the game made it pretty easy to win, and find the truth for each case, though they did get harder to figure out.Overall, I'd give it a 9.5/10. I loved playing it, and even liked how long the game was."
,Recommended,413410,21595278,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,"Kim, The Schwifty",Good VN with actual puzzle solving. Love the CG cutscenes.
76561198067464022,Recommended,413410,21676978,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Stinky Wizzleteats,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good dude, if you like Ace Attorney and/or visual novels in general. What I thought would be just another brief title to enjoy became a serious contender for one of my top ten games ever made. Can't wait for the sequel to be ported."
,Recommended,413410,21317254,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,uhhhhh,This isn't just some VN!This is a game with good gameplay mechanics especially if you like being a detective and looking for clues etc.I recommend playing it on mean difficulty.
76561198087946204,Recommended,413410,21400284,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,kaZe,"Actual court trials need to take notes from this, but leave out the pictures of the dead victims"
,Recommended,413410,21420918,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,annoyance,Just the same as the anime/ manga stroy lineso people that have seen or read the Danganronpa will be pleased with this gamegreat minigames to keep you intune to the storyi hope to see more of theres type of games in the future
,Recommended,413410,21469140,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hero,"Persona 4 meets Phoenix WrightDanganronpa has a few missteps, but ultimately provides a good mystery narrative that will entertain you as long as you aren't expecting action-packed gameplay.The game has you investigating and presenting evidence much like the Phoenix Wright games, defending an innocent person on trial or pressing the arguments of someone who appears to be lying. However, it gets more complicated than that. You can present one of several pieces of evidence against key words or phrases to ""shoot down"" someone's argument, but sometimes you have to memorize a key phrase and use that to shoot down something else they've said. There are also phrases that will pop up to block your evidence, which you also have to shoot down carefully without causing damage to a timer that runs throughout each section of the trial.The other part of the game is socializing with the other characters. By spending time with them and giving them gifts that they like, you unlock Skills or Skill Points which will make trials much easier to get through, either by increasing your Focus meter, how much damage you take when you're wrong, and other things. It also helps to develop the characters, who are mostly enjoyable but never really break out of the confines of their particular trope: there is the otaku; the goth lolita; the biker gang guy; the martial artist; the obnoxious affluent person; the ditzy but well-endowed girl; and a few others.For all its tropey characters, though, the plot has twists and turns to spare. You might think you know which way a trial or the plot is going and then it takes a left turn. For better or worse, Danganronpa finds some bizarre ways to subvert the player's expectations.If you enjoy adventure games or visual novels, pick this one up. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,413410,21509420,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lycalys,"A mediocre (but not necessarily bad) port of an amazing game. Definitely play it if you like Ace Attorney or the Zero Escape series.I recommend using the Japanese voices and English text, some of the English dub is pretty good, but a lot is hard to listen to."
76561197993951231,Recommended,413410,21517856,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ceelic,"Very glad that I got the chance to play this without laying down the cash for a PSVITA. A very superb game, which will feel right at home with fans of Zero Escape and Ace Attorney. Give it a shot if you like mystery and intrigue!"
76561198111299237,Recommended,413410,21523936,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Whale Of Fire,"Great mystery scripted game, great story and great charcters (except for one split)10/10Would recommend"
,Recommended,413410,21525399,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The™ Baron,"The writers of this game really know how to take the player for a ride. Lots of twists and turns, lots of great characters, and lots of great mysteries."
76561198003233896,Recommended,413410,21396789,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Memphist,A very good game.Very good story telling.
,Recommended,413410,21404712,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Kappa Omicron,"If you like mystery 'whodunnit' types of murders, you will enjoy playing this game. You play as one of fifteen students trapped in a twisted school where they are told they will be spending the rest of their life there and if they want out...They must murder a fellow student and get away with it after a 'class trial' is held where all the students gather after investigating the scene of the crime, and they must all vote on who they think did it. If the person with the most votes wasn't the murderer, everyone dies. If they correctly vote for the murderer, only the murderer dies.It's a neverending cycle of despair, me and my girlfriend have been playing this for two days straight now with 30 hours of game time, and we're up to chapter 4 where we were told we're only half way through the game! I definite must-buy, even if you're not particularly into 'anime' style games.Do yourself a favour and buy this game, so we can get a lot more like it!"
76561198030932356,Recommended,413410,21453447,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Munchkinhooloo,enjoyed it very much.
76561198043493247,Recommended,413410,21489585,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,BlazinAce,"Danganronpa is by far one of the most enjoyable story games I've ever played. Starting from the begining I was hooked. The characters were all enjoyable, the setting was great, and the music was amazing. In terms of actual gameplay there wasn't a whole lot, but what there was, was fun. I will probably replay the game from the begining in the near future to catch all the things I didn't catch at first. If you enjoy a good story and just want to relax and solve mysteries contained in one giant mystery then this game will definitely be the game for you."
,Recommended,413410,21500415,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kayla Chaos,"I came here to have a good time and I'm getting attacked right now.This game is amazing, the voice acting is the best (Japanese not English), the art is A class, the story ♥♥♥♥s with you, everything is perfect.Except I can't keep a damn friend, whenever I make a good oneBOOM they get killed."
,Recommended,413410,21517515,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ex_oddinary,This game changed how I view about VN. It's the Ultimate VN you should own!
,Recommended,413410,21534254,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nyanpan,"Okie I just finished the game about 5 minutes ago. I entered not knowing much, I knew it was on the PS Vita or something, and that this is a pc port, not like remake so I wasnt expecting it to be super super graphically amazing, but I just wanted something with a good story. Now, this game on a whole is one of the best games I have ever played. The story had me hooked within the first 5 minutes, and since then I have basically only been thinking about Danganronpa. The art style is fantastic in my opinion! Now sure as I said its not a remake I dont think, so the graphics are not like new triple A games or anything, no, instead it has a very interesting art style that still works great despite the blurriness of the cutscenes, some objects etc. The story in this game is both messed up and amazing at the same time. The whole investigating part I thought was amazing! Sure it was like quite linear, the class trials only really start when you have all the clues (I think anyway, only played through once but I have not failed any trials so I assume that I had all the clues for it), and in my opinion a more non linear approach could have been more interesting, but, that said, it was still absolutely amazing! Hmm, I suppose I should do that 1 to 10 scale for different aspects of the game, here goes:Graphics: 10/10 - I know people will disagree because of the quality, but the art style which is technically graphics, is brilliant in my opinion, its unique and will forever be in my mind as one of the best art styles in a game in my opinion.Story: 9/10 - Now I know I said about how amazing this story is, it was AMAZING, but there were a few parts that I was... Less keen on. The ending of the game was a little... I dont know, it worked, the ending was amazing! I still feel like all adrenaline-y from it so it was REALLY good! But it also felt a little... Open? Not expected? I cant say why really without spoilers, but it was a good end.Gameplay: 10/10 The gameplay of it was amazing, a combination of point and click, visual novel, detective investigation was brilliant! One slight complaint, nearer the end of the game I did encounter a few bugs, like with the preparation for the 5th investigation case thing, I couldnt click on the rubble without it clicking the body, and to get the rubble debris thing, I had to turn the camera a lot to click it, slight bug but nothing major! The gameplay itself though was absolutely fantastic!Performance: 10/10? I dont know about anyone else, I had no performance issues for this game, 60fps constantly, no drops, didnt seem particularely demanding, then again, my computer is pretty good so I would be suprised if there were issues with this sorta game.Phew, I have rambled enough x3 I am sure no one will read this anyway but if anyone did, uh, thank you for reading? Buy this game, its really good, I genuinly would recommend this game completely to anyone~ I cant wait till Danganronpa 2 comes to pc now :3 I hope its not tooo to far in the future, I will cling to the hope it isnt too far and fight the despair of waiting and hoping ;3"
76561198252301618,Recommended,413410,21535071,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RainySphinx,This was a great game.Works great with a PS4 or Xbox controller.If you are a fan of the Phoenix Wright series or visual novels it's a must buy.
,Recommended,413410,21572254,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Scooll5,"Danganronpa is one of the best and fully fleshed out games (in its genre) on steam. Comparable to Higurashi, if Higurashi was crossed with the Ace Atourney series, is a great game with twists and turns galore. I highly recomend it for anyone who enjoys a good mystery and has the 30 odd hours it takes to solve."
,Recommended,413410,21577308,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bun-Believable,"This game has made me...Punch wallsBecome extremely sick to my stomachsay ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to almost every charicter out loudetcand I loved every minute of it.Has 0 replay value, and I'm a guy who cares about replay value, but I bought this game, and you should too."
76561198025382939,Recommended,413410,21429239,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ImBigBob,It's Ace Attorney meets Battle Royale.
76561198036640403,Recommended,413410,21487949,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Rubber,"Pretty cool game, lots of interesting characters and things happening. Definetly worth the 20-ish%"
76561198047445097,Recommended,413410,21556634,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dr. Feelgood,"I have to say, I'm glad I purchased this early enough to have a discount and get the OST along with it. It will keep you wanting more and more, even once you get to the end. One of the best mystery based stories I have played in a long time. Hopefully, we'll get another Danganronpa."
,Recommended,413410,21557375,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mistiry Shak,"A game that explores the strength and meaning of having hope in situations that seem completely hopeless. I want to continue, but it would be somewhat spoilery. What I can say is that this game helped define my life philosophy for the majority of 2013 and into 2014.i want naegi's shoe to be hella"
76561198053944979,Recommended,413410,21572252,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Edmoo,really good game
,Recommended,413410,21436235,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,The Canadian Tree,its like getting on a bullet train  but there are no tracks and your driving thru a desert with dunes every few steps well that train is on fire well theres a game of life and death going on inside of it
,Recommended,413410,21477826,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,jichanbachan,The only crime here is how horrible Monokuma's voice is in the dub.
,Recommended,413410,21595494,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,zvⒶhl,"Do you like dark murder mysteries?  Weird visual novels with lots of distinct characters?  EXTREMELY Japanese nonsense?  This is right up your alley.I had given up hope on seeing this game, since I do not have a Vita, and seeing it pop up on Steam was an extremely pleasant surprise.This game has a very compelling plot that keeps you on a hook to see what on earth is going on at every point.  You are constantly suspicious of everything, while desperately needing to figure out who is lying, why, and just what exactly even happened.The music is great, and really enhances the mood, especially during the courtroom scenes.The game is oozing with that great style some Japanese games especially seem to have, and the anime aesthetic is well-drawn and a lot of fun.If you dig visual novels with some great flair, and love mysteries, shell out for this one!  You'll plow through it straight through, and won't want to stop."
76561198069648457,Recommended,413410,21702635,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,omarikosenpai,nice game with nice plot
76561198058346273,Recommended,413410,21306987,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Daffe,"This is my first review, and i will try not to spoil anything and sorry for the bad english.Lets get to it.I'm a big fan of the Danganronpa francaise, and i have been ever since i watched the anime when it aired.This game is filled with events that will have you on the edge for a long time, trying to figuer out why they are traped in a school, and who the lovely monokuma is!When you are on the Free time event you gets a chance to interact with the other characters in the game and learn just a little about them. you slowly build a bond with one and then they either get killed or kill.The soundtracks are some of the bests reasons to play this game, ""Mr. Monokuma's Extracurricular lesson"" is something that is hard to get out of your head once it's in.The voice acting could be better, i would like if the voices of the characters were played more offen then just at the class trail and some random events, and i for one think both the english and japanese version is good. Though if you are a slow reader you should play it with english voice, sometimes the class traile text can fload by fast on the screen."
,Recommended,413410,21308735,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jr_knight,"If you played and liked:Zero Escape: Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine DoorsZero Escape: Virtue's Last RewardPhoenix Wright: Ace Attorney.You will probably like Danganronpa"
,Recommended,413410,21399555,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Kamikazepanda5,All your friends will die
76561198145239055,Recommended,413410,21438201,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,soroush,"Throws you a curveball when you least expect it.Some crimes are rather easy to see through while others I've thought about for a while before being able to slowly peice things together...Music, character development, story and art are all high quality.Highly recommended to fans of visual novels and mysteries."
,Recommended,413410,21504131,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,｢Loser｣,"Well now we all know the answer to the question ""Is it a good game?"". Why don't you tell them Makoto?"
,Recommended,413410,21556229,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,TheNerdyDragon,LOVED!
,Recommended,413410,21611709,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,PenguinPandaZero,"Danganronpa (Translation: Bullet Refute) is a detective game and not quite a visual novel despite what many say. Yes, there is text, but... that's about where the visual novel aspect ends.In Danganronpa, fifteen students including you are trapped in a school. The only way out is to kill someone and not get caught. But of course, the benevolent you wouldn't do that. Despite that, others are not as kind-hearted. Once every chapter, someone will kill someone else (or some variation of that) and you along with the other survivors must find the culprit using evidence obtained from the crime scene.There are 3 phases for each chapter:Daily Life Phase:In this phase, you simply interact with the other survivors. You get to know them, their personalities, and most importantly, their motives to commit murder. By interacting with them, you can unlock special abilities for use in the third phase.Deadly Life Phase:The murder(s) has happened. You must investigate to find evidence that may lead you to who did it. Cooperate with others and do self-investigations to gather as much evidence as possible.Class Trial Phase:In this phase, you use evidence you've found along with others' evidence to find out who the culprit is. These are actually quite long and demanding. There are MANY things you do in this phase, but the gist of it is that you have to use evidence you have collected to correct false statements that others make. This can happen in a large number of ways such as directly ""bullet refuting"" by shooting their false claims with correct ones, hangman to find words, and many others. In the final part of the trial, you must complete a comic that will tell what the murderer did from start to finish by dragging (admittedly hard to interpret) icons into missing segments of the comic. Doing this correctly will result in the trial finishing.At the end of the trial, once the correct murderer is found guilty, then the murderer will be executed, and the phase cycle will repeat and the story will progress.Yes, this is a detective/mystery game, and a BRUTAL ONE. If you don't like challenge, then you might want to pass on this one. However, if you DO like mystery/detective games then this one is right up your alley.tl;drThis is a detective game in which you must find out who killed who using evidence. Once someone inevitably kills someone else, you must find out who did it by gathering evidence at the crime scene and presenting the evidence at the trial by ""bullet refuting"" (i.e. correcting) others' statements to find the culprit. If you like that sort of thing, then this is right up your alley."
76561197990189966,Recommended,413410,21515477,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kwan Er McGregor,"I bought this game on a whim, not expecting much. Ended up marathoning this game for the past few days.Great game. Here's to a speedy Steam port of the sequel."
,Recommended,413410,21307836,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,NefariousDragon,"If you enjoyed any of the Zero Escape (999) games, you'll love this.Don't read anything about this before playing. Just buy it."
,Recommended,413410,21414445,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Spirit of the Walrus,"The dark introspective tone of the Persona series meets the courtroom drama of Phoenix Wright.The hype is real, this is an unforgettable murder/mystery story that will have you suspicious of everyone involved as you try to figure out what is going on at this school.The art overall is really well done however there are a small handful of moments that look like they were pulled from an eighth graders DeviantArt page...but overall the game looks really nice.The trials involve QTEs that can be somewhat frustrating until you get the hang of it after which they become very easy to handle.There are only a handful of Visual Novels that left a lasting impression on me, Ever17 was one, and I have a feeling Danganronpa is another that I won't soon forget."
,Recommended,413410,21443344,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AssAssinVince~Desu,Very good visual novel/detective game. lots of content that will keep you busy for quite a while. solid port. developers are also very active on the forums and are helping people when they have problems. why are you reading this anyway? JUST BUY IT! :D
76561198061497702,Recommended,413410,21510813,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,PogChamp,10/10 would love to feel despair again
,Recommended,413410,25414300,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Momo <3,- Game teaches you how to hook up with girls- Game teaches you how to solve mysteries- Game teaches you how to think outside the box- Game teaches you how to deal with stupid classmates- Game teaches you that everyone has a split personality- Game teaches you the most cliche anime character behaviours- Game teaches you that even hot girls do die- Game teaches you how to flirt- Game teaches you that death can be fun- Game teaches you basic music tempo- Game teaches you that boredom really does kill- Game teaches you despair is useless don't join the dark side- Game teaches you paying money for a story isn't a waste10/10 would flirt with Kyoko 24/7 if I had the time.
,Recommended,413410,25720105,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kek,Did I beat the gameOr did the game beat me
,Recommended,413410,25685069,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Grumple Stilskin,This game told me to buy it for my friends and I did.
76561198047485108,Recommended,413410,21556496,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,flapjack,"Thank you for giving PC user Dangan Ronpa 1. Now would you kindly also give us Dangan Ronpa 2 , Dangan Ronpa Another Episode and the up coming Dangan Ronpa 3.Thank you."
76561198305852539,Recommended,413410,27992476,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,josephujoestur,what are you reading this review for? just get it already.
76561198160665090,Recommended,413410,26738324,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,crunchy.cucmber,rip leon
,Recommended,413410,28006550,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cheeselegs,It's better on the Vita.
,Recommended,413410,22772703,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Old Man Sunshine,"I love solving puzzles and mysteries. When I bought this game, I stopped playing all other games and kept playing and playing this game until I saw the story through, which took about 20 hours, and it was VERY much worth it.I'm not much for long reviews, so keep that in mind.If you've played Persona 3 or Persona 4, the art style will be familiar. The graphics are definitely not the selling point, but the art style is quite interesting and some people may like it quite a bit.The selling point is the trial system where you put together evidence to figure out who the murderer and possible accomplice is. It is somewhat similar to Gyakuten Saiban / Phoenix Wright, but it uses minigames to apply evidence.While the students are busy trying to either kill or find the killer, there is the larger mystery that overshadows the school. Why was this set up in this way? What is going on? Is there any hope for escape? Or is there only despair?On another note, as a strict anime sub fan, I was turned off by the fact I couldn't completely turn off the English voices, so I ended up playing the game with no sound (I'm *that* picky), so I can't review the sound at all.HTH!"
76561198046669188,Recommended,413410,28660779,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SHSL Rice,Waifu death and plot twist simulator 1.
,Recommended,413410,22879699,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Foreverblu~,"Plot Twist Simulator 2016.""NO, THAT'S WRONG"" - Best Line of the game11/10 Would go to hell trying to understand how the heck anybody planned the murders or how they put so many plot twists.Nominated for Steam AwardsActual ReviewDanganronpa was quite a surprise when I found it, due to its less than appealing graphics and its overwhelmingly positive reviews. At the time I just wanted something with a lot of plot, so I decided to pick it up while it was on a slight sale. Never have I been more happier to have discovered it.Danganronpa is an Anime style Visual Novel with heavy gameplay in addition to its strong sense of plot, making use of smart action that compensates for the amount of story and dialogue within the game. Split into 6 different chapters as well as an Epilogue and Prologue, the story begins with Makoto Naegi, the Ultimate Lucky Student, entering Hope's Peak Academy for the first time only to find that nothing was at all what he had imagined. A school meant for the 'Ultimates'(High school students that each had a special trait, such as the Ultimate Programmer), and meant as a symbol of hope to the world, Makoto wakes up on a strange desk to an unsettlingly empty school. Thrown into a deadly struggle against none other than his classmates, he must survive the brutal killing game while trying to find the killers of the murders, all the while attempting to discover what has occured within the school that led to the barred windows and the mysteirous dissapearance of any sign of living life.The gameplay consists of walking around a school, and then using a point and click system to interact with objects and people. Dialogue has been translated very nicely, with close to no errors anywhere within the thousands of lines of dialogue. Throughout the game, the player will also be able to interact with his school mates and learn more about their history and abilities, as well as progress the game further by learning more about the events that happened in the school. After a murder has been committed, the player's enter Investigation phase, in which they must try to find as much relevant evidence as possible. After that, the player's will enter the Class Trial, the main action of the plot in which the player's initiate discussions with other characters in order to find contradictions and to discover who the true murder is. They play multiple different minigames(Includig rhythm games and hangman's) in addition to the main debate game in order to progress and discover the trail in the case.The story itself is brilliantly handled, starting the player's off with nothing given. Mercilessly pounded by murder after murder, the story uses cold hard truth and dark events in order to give the story a deathly and hopeless feeling, all the while revealing slowly the reason why any of this is happening. For me, it had me obsessed, furiously clicking through the dialogue in order to find out the identity of the killer or to discover the history of the school. All of the murders and cases presented throughout are also completely unexpected, with major misleading clues that will guide the players to false ends and false trails, surprising me every single turn of the way.So should you get this game? If you like solving mysteries and games with a very large emphasis on story as well as an intricate gameplay system, then I would highly recommend this to you, even if you do not particularly enjoy the anime art style. For those who have played visual novels before, or have watched anime(or read manga), than this game will definitely come as a pleasant surprise."
76561198119412090,Recommended,413410,30642177,Posted: 20 March,all,PeachiiPup,.
76561198012649165,Recommended,413410,23174696,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shadowgl00m,"I have always enjoyed the Phoenix Wright series but Danganronpa ups the stakes by a huge margin.  I couldn't stop playing the game once I picked it up.  It was new, riveting, captivating and emotionally engaging. I'm sad I finished the game and can't save more of the kids / watch them die in horrible ways.The first punishment emotionally wrecked me. I felt every hit and was left empty once it ended.  I just had to get justice on that damn teddy bear!!!  Sadly, the rest of the punishments were a bit cleaner and less graphic but still needed to be avenged.Great game that anyone that enjoys a story with great characters."
,Recommended,413410,25232228,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,andrewfen29,"I played this game in 6 sittings (I recommend this if you have 5 hours to spare each night).I had already watched the anime when playing this.Chapter 1-4: Very good, no real problems if you can get past the unskippable Daily life sections. 8/10Chapter 5: Eh, 3/10. The chapter is only really there to make chapter 6 possible.Chapter 6: Good, 6/10. It's a good ending, and it does feel complete at least.Other Pros:Some of the characters are actually very well written.Other Cons:Those ones die.8/10 get it in a sale."
,Recommended,413410,25668799,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,OutLawX911,A straightforward game but with a very captivating and intense story. You are tasked with investigating cases that happen around you looking for clues etc
,Recommended,413410,24130667,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Techbane,"Short version: Phoenix Wright meets Zero Escape. More flawed than either, but still stands on its own.Long version: It's almost paradoxical in some ways; the overwrought character archetypes actually develop some interesting personality, and the ridiculousness and Japaneseness of certain scenes somehow make the gravity of goings-on even more pronounced. It does a really good job of drawing you into the crushing atmosphere, but it kind of sucks at foreshadowing. I guessed two of the biggest endgame plot twists the moment they were first hinted at, and figured out a third on my own time several hours before it was revealed. That said, the class trial segments take enough twists that SOME things are bound to take you off guard.My biggest complaint with the game is the inexcusable amount of padding. For everything that could be summarized in one or two lines of dialogue, you are guaranteed at least six. Fast travel via the map is a godsend and the game would be borderline unplayable without it, but room transitions STILL take far more time than they need to purely in the name of flaunting the game's low-fi popup book style. The overall message of the game also gets ridiculously heavy-handed in the end. That said, it was a thoroughly enjoyable and original ride and has me imminently curious about the sequel. I'm glad I got the bundle!"
76561198193915861,Recommended,413410,34494590,Posted: 25 August,all,skate fast eat a$$,I want to ♥♥♥♥ ishimaru
76561198160925324,Recommended,413410,33589668,Posted: 16 July,all,tzojesse,"10/10 will despair again. Buy it, not what it seems, you will be in despair for a very long time."
76561198137873517,Recommended,413410,34518866,Posted: 26 August,all,Kelzo,Vincent play this please :)
76561198128538194,Recommended,413410,34115380,Posted: 8 August,all,massive,"I had a real difficult time deciding whether to recommend this or not....TLDR;If you've never watched the anime, this will be amazing. If you've watch the anime, this will still be fun, but probably not as exciting as someone who doesn't know whats going on...DETAILS**Why I would recommend this:- Great Visual Novel- Unique Characters- Original Story- Great Graphics- Great BGMWhy I wouldn't recommend this:- The actual class trial mini games is bad and poorly explained (takes several trail and errors before you get the hang of it)- If you've watched the anime, it literally gives away the entire story and make it feel more tedious than enjoyable and excitingSIDE NOTE***If you haven't seen the anime, it is highly recommened you watch it in this order:Danganronpa 3: The End of Hope's Peak High School Despair ArcDanganronpa 1Danganronpa 3: The End of Hope's Peak High School Future ArcDanganronpa 3: The End of Hope's Peak High School Hope Arc(No. There is no Danganronpa 2 anime.Yes, that does make me want to scream at the top of my lungs, ""WWHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!"".If you want to get the most ""complete"" feel for this you can play Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair before watching the Future Arc and Hope Arc)CAUTION:Watching this outside of the above order (in its original intended order) will confuse you and is frowned upon."
76561198042811097,Recommended,413410,22403091,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Boipucci,lol hope
,Recommended,413410,26969927,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rephrase,"Exploration and story components are great, trials are too slow / obvious.Overall, 10/10 would despair again."
,Recommended,413410,30798633,Posted: 28 March,all,muffinheart,"If you enjoy murder mystery then this is a must have. The mystery isn't just in the varying and unique murders; but in the situation the main character and his classmates find themselves in.I really like the art style, the music, the characters and the mechanics. It's the first time I played a visual novel with actual gameplay elements.The only con is that sometimes during the game's various ""trials"", a critical clue can make you go; ""really!?"" This may be due to lack of attention on my part, and it certainly doesn't bring the game down.As a warning, once you get into this game, you will be captivated by the whole series. Especialy the original anime show (skip the adaptation of the first game, it's not great)."
,Recommended,413410,29986925,Posted: 17 February,all,Seinov,Great game! I 100% recommend this. I have not had any probles *yet* which is always good. It has a nice style of art in it and is a game you could play for hours straight and actually go back to it. Reminds me a little of phoenix wright but instead it is actually good and has a LOT more to it.
76561198271526294,Recommended,413410,26176741,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,★彡 Kermit 彡★,This is a good game for people who like story games.9/10 -IGN
,Recommended,413410,28263403,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,chawklette,despair
76561198114596311,Recommended,413410,26520100,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dante,Always liked pointing at people and telling them they're wrong.
,Recommended,413410,26532268,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Stray Cat,I want to listen to my own music but I feel like it's a sin to the soundtrack9.3853927 out of 10
76561198368652842,Recommended,413410,30867251,Posted: 31 March,all,jenny83432,I thought it would be easy and chill...but it's not!!! The most thrilling puzzle game I've ever played!
,Recommended,413410,21878600,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ghost Memory,"Ding Dong, Bing Bong!10/10 would donut again."
,Recommended,413410,24053143,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,retsmot,"was boring, then someone died.holy %@#$ the game became awesome!!!!"
,Recommended,413410,25895634,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nokturnus,"Got the steam bundle after seeing so many recommendations to the series from Zero Escape fans and was not disappointed. Characters, story, and music all rank in my top 10."
,Recommended,413410,34753279,Posted: 5 September,all,desertkona,"If you want to try to play VN (visual novel) game but afraid if its boring, try this game.Story and plot twist its greatGameplay in class trial is fun to playworth it to see the ending"
76561197970869826,Recommended,413410,24284013,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,TrueMole,"At first glance appears this game appears to be a visual novel from the mind of a drugged fueld fanfic writer with a teddy bear phobia, full of characters that seem to fit into neat anime (and wider cultural) stereotypes. Push through that initial impression though and those characters archetypes are wonderfully subverted and an interesting (though very dark storyline starts to play out).Get to the end of the first trail before making your mind up on this game. Highly recommended (just be warned the mini-games aren't great and can be very annoying on tougher difficulty settings - be kind to yourself and put the action difficulty on kind)"
,Recommended,413410,24284431,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Satsui no Hado Urkel,"Do you like Ace Attorney?Do you like Battle Royale?If you answered yes to either of these, buy this game."
,Recommended,413410,33666560,Posted: 19 July,all,=WnA= Novenix,One of the best games I've played.
,Recommended,413410,35119103,Posted: 21 September,all,Louis,kuchaaaww
,Recommended,413410,22833416,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Rinnsanity,Even the News on TV doesn't have as much despair as this game.
,Recommended,413410,32632918,Posted: 21 June,all,IamGabeNewell,"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is by far the best game I got on Steam at least in terms of story, but hey this is a visual novel, so no one's really expecting that much out of the gameplay aspects. Story: You're Makoto Naegi, a new student at the famous Hope's Peak Academy, an elite institution that picks the best of the best at what they can do, some examples are the Ultimate Pop Idol, Fashionista, and Baseball Star, so, when you get to the school things seem a bit weird, but it gets weirder a black and white animatronic bear tells you you're trapped inside the school, well, forever, but there is a way out, through the back door, just kidding, actually in order to get out, you have to kill someone, and get away with it, if they are found guilty, they alone wil be executed, get it wrong everyone except the killer gets executed, and they get to leave, that about covers it for story. Gameplay: The gameplay in Danganronpa varies depending on what section you're playing, there's freetime, which allows you to interact with other characters, it's the set up, the bait, the soup to an elegant dinner, next Investigation, like the review says you have to kill someone to leave, but it also says to get away with it, so you need to investigate, what would be a murder mystery without it, it plays pretty much like Free Time, but you can only continue on if you find the right stuff, after investigating, there's the big event the class trial, the class trial is where everyone's life is on the line, to get past the class trial there's 4 minigames needed to beat the class trial, Nonstop Debate, where you'll fire the correct Truth Bullet out at a contradicting statement, Hangman's Gambit, you'll shoot letters coming at you to form a word, Bullet Time Battle, a rthymic game that happens when a character doesn't want to listen, like social media nowadays, wow, talk about getting the low hanging fruit, and the Closing Argument, where you'll put in missing pieces of a manga that shows how the crime played out, wow, who knew for a game, that focuses on story instead of gameplay, I still would have so much to say. Presentation: You should know that my computer, is a piece of crap, however, strangely enough, this only affected cinematics, intros, death scenes, and executions. But with still images, regular talking, and even the class trial, which I had my worries about, worked fine, strange, but it's not a problem with the game or Steam, it's a problem with my computer, soundwise, it was great, I love the calming sense of Beautiful Days, the franectic pace of the class trial music, and the haunting melodies of Welcome to Despair, it fitted the mood perfectly, I found the enviroments nice to look at, a little out of place in a horror game, yes, yes it is, but I think that's what the designers planned, the characters, all looked outstanding, I love stylistic graphics, and Danganronpa exceeds at this the characters look like cardboard cut outs and the enviroments pop out like a pop up book, the design of the characters ranges from normal take Kiyotaka for example, to just crazy, like Mondo. Overall, would I recommend it, a most definite yes, if you like these kind of games, if you don't why are you even here and why are you reading this far in, but without a doubt I give Danganronpa a Get out of your seat and go buy it already"
,Recommended,413410,29288022,Posted: 15 January,all,jessica [godtier],"My friends told me it was a comedy romance sim with mystery elements and a mini game involving dancing.Came in expecting a good laid back VN, came out crying."
76561198164802638,Recommended,413410,30877130,Posted: 1 April,all,FirstBow,Excellent
76561198090470508,Recommended,413410,31250876,Posted: 19 April,all,𝓛𝓤𝓧𝓤𝓡𝓘𝓐,Don't do this to yourself if you expect your hands to go tired. This will make you question your worth in the world.I wanna kms.
,Recommended,413410,31672254,Posted: 10 May,all,DizzyMouse,"One of my favorite games on Steam!I love the story and the characters, it's a very funny yet dark story!It took me around 20-25h to finish, but I enjoyed every bit of it! ^^Pros:-Good Story-Great Soundtrack-Interesting gameplay-Monokuma is insane!Cons:None that I can think of!"
76561198307042139,Recommended,413410,25895375,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,restingbonus,"Danganronpa is a wild ride. It manages to be serious, funny, witty and nonsensical all at the same time. If you've never played this style of game before, the gameplay may take a little getting used to. Very simple graphics, but it somehow works really well with the art style. If you're looking for a good, story-driven game with a lot of plot twists and ""wtf"" moments, Danganronpa is the game for you."
76561198086855287,Recommended,413410,32622729,Posted: 21 June,all,Dallen Malna,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pc84-KkKyAVideo Review on my full opinions. In the end if you're looking at a game like this you'll probably like it. But if you've played as many of these games as i have you may be a little dissapointed in how it compares to games like The Nonary Games or Phoenix Wright.Still if it's on sale or you're desperate for more games of this type it'll likely be worth your time. Just don't expect your brain to be put through much work and keep a guide handy once they introduce the ""absorb bullets"" as the game devolves into truly random guessing at that point."
,Recommended,413410,33111384,Posted: 1 July,all,kittenprincess,10/10
,Recommended,413410,32588489,Posted: 20 June,all,harunaTAKrapopo (hallfwayToDR3),Buy this game because past me pirated it via PPSSPP10/10 ask for forgiveness10/10 Story8/10 the anime is okay11/10 will despair and hope
,Recommended,413410,32597935,Posted: 20 June,all,Dissoxiate,Monokuma owns my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198375862633,Recommended,413410,32603101,Posted: 20 June,all,IAmNotOriginal1,How could you possibly get this game for free?     oh and the game was fun
76561198065088293,Recommended,413410,33541680,Posted: 14 July,all,RemoveKebab,Monokuma best pedobear 10/10Aoi best waifu :^)
76561198378481932,Recommended,413410,31477640,Posted: 30 April,all,~【R】【E】【D】~,9.9 they killed trap and waifu
,Recommended,413410,27318607,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BoomKarang,WHOOOAAAAAAA DUDE!Vote for it mang
76561198189823799,Recommended,413410,26179425,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Impressive,Great game!
,Recommended,413410,29533665,Posted: 27 January,all,jameseric5,danganronpa triigger happy havoc is an amazing game its horror investigation visual novel theme is awesome
,Recommended,413410,32867092,Posted: 27 June,all,Asiancatlord,yoo this game is thebomb.comB)
,Recommended,413410,21416320,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Albert Whiskers,Ding Dong. Sore Wa Chigau Yo!
,Recommended,413410,21313035,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Makwy,A trial for those who doesn't like this games !ALL RISE !Pupupupup
,Recommended,413410,25654081,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,I AM THE RNG,10/10 best yamada's♥♥♥♥♥simulator 1998 (also ded waifu simulator)
76561198057703086,Recommended,413410,25126653,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Make Mugi Great Again,">Buy game>Pick best girl almost immediately>Excited to meet best girl>shes a little different, but still beautiful>Best girl dies>Despair>Keep playing to kill headmaster and avenge best girl>Headmaster is actually real best girl in disguise>Realize the one I met before is her twin sister>Realize best girl is super rich, cute, smart, legal and powerful>Fall in love>Watch best girl commit suicide11307/10 would despair again"
76561198099775606,Recommended,413410,21327609,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,WhiteDevil,Smooth port and great characters and artstyle :)
,Recommended,413410,29478501,Posted: 25 January,all,naegi,♥♥♥♥ you junko
,Recommended,413410,21416327,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,❤ BonBon ❤,yes
76561198155907662,Recommended,413410,30714209,Posted: 24 March,all,CaptainWafflez11,Great game with a fantastic story!
,Recommended,413410,32939009,Posted: 28 June,all,Cloudberry,"Monobear gives the waifu, and Monobear takes the waifu away"
76561198152999401,Recommended,413410,21386735,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,kurang piknik,Recomended Waifu : Enoshima JunkoCeleste is the best grill
76561198135920394,Recommended,413410,22544439,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Meowee,Everything about this game... I love it <3
76561198077187428,Recommended,413410,21634455,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,thedarknight87,"Danganronpa is an engaging VN style thriller, wherein you have to solve mysteries to save the protaganist and his friends from death. It is well-written, engaging and the character development is neat. Some twists are unpredictable, while others are easy to anticipate beforehand. I have got immense satisfaction from playing and completing this game.Pros:-Cool Story-Neat character development-Does not look too shabby for what is essentially a PSP gameCons:-Some fourth wall breaking stuff, that simply seems out of place-Tedious gameplay. It would have been much better served with Phoenix Wright or Devil's Attorney style dialog based combat, instead of rhythm games, timing based point and click games, etc.-Some hit detection issues with the aforementioned timing-based point and click games.-Framerate chugs in certain areas of the game for me (Intel i74710HQ, 16 GB RAM, Nvidia GTX 850M with 4 GB of RAM)-Mid-trial game glitch, wherein the video stops playing but the audio keeps going, requires a restart to correct. I would recommend saving often. Particularly egregious in Chp 5 and Chp 6 class trials.Overall while the list of cons seems too long, I would admit that except for the gameplay part, most of it is nitpicking and maybe an issue with my setup. None of the bugs encountered are game breakingI am not a fan of VN adventure games like Telltale's games, Life is Strange, etc. Haven't played any of those games to completion, but somehow this title stuck a chord with me and I thoroughly enjoyed it.I stopped playing Rise of the Tomb Raider for this game and to be frank I would gladly trade the RoTR PC port with its atrocious characters, 'dialogue' and middling gameplay (doesn't have the story, charm, verticality, set pieces of Uncharted neither the technically proficient gameplay of Vanquish) with a Steam port of Danganronpa 2."
,Recommended,413410,21539371,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Junko-Alter,10/10 for ridiculous hairstyles
,Recommended,413410,21398119,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Average Gatsby,Some Chad killed my waifu in the first chapter.5/7.
,Recommended,413410,21610959,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bazz Games,"I love detective games. I love stylised games. I love games with fun, quirky and complex characters. I love games where characters get picked off one by one. I love games with ambient sountracks. There are many more things about this game I love but if l listed them all I'd be here for 31 hours. This is my favourite game of all time."
,Recommended,413410,21398825,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CaveStoryGuy™,"There isn't much I can say without spoiling anything or repeating what the store page says. But...this is a very unique experience, an experience that most games would long to give off. Most people compare the Danganronpa series to other game series such as Phoenix Wright and Persona. Phoenix Wright because of the investigating and trials, and Persona because of the whole look and visual novel part. Anyways, with that out of the way, let's start.Beginning:The game starts off with you, the main character Makoto Naegi, talking about how he's been accepted into the elitist high school, Hope's Peak Academy, which is located in Japan. There are only two requirements to get accepted into the school:You have to be already attending at a high school.You have to be the very best at what you do.The only way in is being scouted by the school itself. It is said that if you are accepted into the school, you are basically set for life. Makoto is a totally normal high school boy, so....how did he get accepted in? Apparently, there is a lottery where a totally normal high school student is picked at random to join the school as the ""Ultimate Lucky Student"". Meaning, you've been accepted into the school by pure luck. Anyways, Makoto gets to the school and walks inside. He got there early, so no one is there yet. Makoto decides to wait...but....he randomly faints upon getting inside.Makoto later wakes up in a classroom. Not knowing what happened, he goes back to the lobby and finds that the entrance is blocked by some kind of huge sealed door and that all of the ultimates are standing right in front of him. There are 14 students there, plus Makoto. They all introduce themselves to each other. They then find out that they all arrived at the school, fainted, and then later woke up in a classroom for whatever reason. They then hear a strange anouncement telling them to meet in the gym for the opening ceremony. They all meet up in the gym and what happens next.....A half-white and half-black bear, apparently called Monokuma, appears claiming that he is the headmaster of the school and that everyone will be living together for their ""school life"", which will last for the rest of their lives. Upon hearing this, the students immediately object this idea and demands him to let them leave. Monokuma then proceeds to tell them that there is one way to get out:murder one of your classmates.Everyone gets freaked out and paranoid by this, and the suspicion and doubting begins. In between main story events and murders, you get some ""Free Time"" to spend with the other characters. What's the point of Free Time? To gain skills (and skill points) that you can use later. Also, to get to know the characters a little bit more.Investigation:Eventually, after a few days pass, a murder happens. The one thing everyone hoped that wouldn't happen happened. Monokuma then explains that after a murder has happened, there is a set amount of time where everyone can investigate to get clues and to start piecing together what happened. Everyone will use this knowledge in an event called a ""class trial"" where everyone will present their arguments for who they think ""whodunnit"". The culprit is decided by majority vote. If the correct person is picked, only they'll get ""punished"". But if the wrong person is chosen, everyone except the blackened (the person who committed murder) gets ""punished"" and the blackened is let free. What is ""punishment"", you ask? It'sexecutionof course! Monokuma also explains that the cameras spread around the school is to monitor everyone and to know who the killer is, so that the trial is completely fair to everyone. So, you go around and collect the clues, which are put into ""Truth Bullets"", and start piecing it all together!Class Trial:After the investigation, the class trial starts. People will present their arguments in the ""Nonstop Debate"". Your job is to refute what is wrong about their arguments by literally shooting your verbal evidence at their words. There are multiple other gameplay mechanics than this, as that eventually the argument will go into rhythm based gameplay. As mentioned above, there are skills that you can use during the Class Trial. They range from increasing your Truth Bullet speed, the amount of Truth Bullets you get during the rhythm based gameplay, steadying your reticle during Nonstop Debates, and etc. But, they cost skill points, so you need enough to equip them. Skills are pretty useful, so be sure to try and get some during Free Times. Puhuhu~ Happy arguing! Finally, once you corner one of your classmates, you'll enter the Bullet Time Battle, aka B.T.B. It's a rhythm-based gameplay segment where you face off against your classmate and refute their claim. You'll figure it out once you play.Wrap-up:As I don't want to spoil too much, I'm gonna end it here. Hopefully all of the information I've given you (which is mostly spoilers for the beginning of the game, I guess) will motivate you to at least try the game out. You'll probably won't regret it. Also, it includes the choice between the original Japanese voices or the English dub, and I'm pretty sure I'm one of the only people who thinks the English dub is actually quite good and not anywhere near bad voice acting. But I will say that the English dub of the second game did a way better job than this game. And if I'm gonna talk about anything else about the game, the soundtrack is amazing. Instant favorite. I love this game series, if you couldn't tell yet. Anyways, I fully encourage trying the game out and telling your friends about it if you had a great time playing.Vote as ""Whoooaaaaa, dude!"" in the Steam Awards."
,Recommended,413410,21600119,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,GotAnyPingas?,The mystery and plot twists are really good. Should definitely play
,Recommended,413410,30932142,Posted: 3 April,all,Hierophant,Waifu is a trapI got 200 likes on my meme
,Recommended,413410,24219314,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rammiz,nice
,Recommended,413410,25418588,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Bmdenma,help my friends are making me review this and they have a gun to my head. danganronpa is a good game and you should play it.
,Recommended,413410,21575481,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,sorcrane,"Thanks to Danganronnpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, in less than four hours of gameplay, I now know my 123s and ABCs. Great for kids! Your children will have a fun, engaging, and very memorable learning experience.P.S. please don't give it to your childrenP.P.S. please"
,Recommended,413410,33059943,Posted: 30 June,all,[efklesfklesf],*checkmarks*
,Recommended,413410,28696995,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DRGNprincess,Do NOT play this with the english dub. The mc's english voice ruins it. Use the english for the sequal though
76561198300335383,Recommended,413410,30952864,Posted: 4 April,all,ProtectedByWill,"Fantastic game!The controls are bad, but the game is soooooo worth it for the great story and fun characters!.It also includes a somewhat fun secondary game mode at the end.Whatever you do though, don't watch the anime. That's total garbage."
,Recommended,413410,28848838,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),Love it. Watch the anmie before playing
,Recommended,413410,21828576,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MulleMeck43,"It's not every day I decide to buy a game within the week of release. I fell in love with the whole concept of Danganronpa. First you get to know all the fantastic characters. Then later, the class trials will get your adrenaline pumping..."
,Recommended,413410,25683904,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Eyes,UPUPUPUPUPUPU
76561198196557123,Recommended,413410,25218029,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Elleira_Siren,"I really liked this game and definitely recommend it for fans of the genre, even with its flaws.General rating: The first 12-14 hours of the game are great. The six hours left not so much.Plot: 7,5/10.Great art and liked the game's esthetic.Characters: Mostly very great and interesting, though they kept two who were very boring and annoying till the end.Now here's my honest review (without spoilers):The first case was ridiculously easy and I almost stopped playing because of the obviousness of who the murderer was. Yet, I continued and found the other cases REALLY interesting and it is never what it seems, though sometimes I figured things way in advance that only got pointed out very much later.The investigations were fun and finding whoddunit was definitely a positive experience for me. The characters are extremely complex with minor exceptions (*cough* Hina *cough*) and were fun to be with, providing some different reactions to the events.I loved some characters with all my heart, and sometimes I found myself falling into despair when they died. Yet, it was overall very great to be with a very large variety of characters. Monokuma was particularly lots of fun.The mastermind's identity was surely a nice plot twist... If I had not guessed it a little before the game revealed it. But the mystery of the mastermind is quite fun, I'll give you that.The over all mystery is fun to discover piece by piece... if only it was worth it (see below).Now, here's what I did not like.First,here's a *TIP* do a whole character in your free time. Don't change characters all the time. If you do, then you'll receive some skills, but mostly after two gifts... your max of skill points will go up, but you won't have skills to use those! I only had the chance to complete Byakuya. The rest? Not so much. Lots died, let's say.Second, if you are looking for a good plot, do not buy this. It was great at the beginning, but oh my god was the revealed mystery full of plot holes and missing details. They are always mentioning ""the Tragedy,"" and by the end you receive extremely vague details about it, and you are expected to buy it and ask no question what so ever.There are so many unanswered questions it simply makes me angry thinking about it. I accepted the mastermind's identity without too much trouble, but what they did concerning the ""tragedy"" is more or less believable. The ending of the game left me feeling like it wasn't completed at all.Now, I can bet someone will reply telling me to play the second game to clear up the plot, but I'm not sure I'll take another twenty hours of my time and thirty bucks for discovering unclear answers that should have been given to me.Still, Danganronpa is an interesting game with great characters and mysteries which keep you guessing. The best parts, honestly, are Prologue to Chapter 4."
76561198012023582,Recommended,413410,28650466,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,lewrker,"I hate myself now, but it's a good game.Interesting mysteries and decent mechanics. Good music and art.The ending is really stupid and pointless and disappointingAnd don't try to watch the anime. It's truly awful and sO rAnDoM."
,Recommended,413410,21598339,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kite,Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super!!!
,Recommended,413410,23145595,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Neurotoksyn,This kills the waifu10/10
,Recommended,413410,28840262,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dragonplayer,Cup noodle girl is best girl
76561198128877419,Recommended,413410,23735331,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Revelations come in 12,"So I 100% this on vita a while back and you need to buy this; so much so I kidnapped your dog, your half sister on your mother's side and your kale. You won't get them back..."
,Recommended,413410,23303922,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,mister tomato,SUPER SECRET ULTIMATE ENDING SPOILER: DESPAIR EDITION XORMONOKUMA'S AFTER HOUR FUN TIME FILLED WITH STEAMY HOPE OR BLOODY DESPAIRLOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE MAKES THE WORLD GO ROUND.Not playing this game would be un-bear-able.
76561198080983898,Recommended,413410,23790673,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Corn Bread!,"Great game!Played it on the Vita the first time around, and purchased on Steam to get more JRPGS on the platform. Totally worth it."
76561198012859495,Recommended,413410,24270106,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Himiko Yumeno,10/10 best game ever played
76561198277328404,Recommended,413410,24271943,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DoctorJerry,I PLAY IT MORE THAN FIVE TIMES AND STILL HAVE FUN WITH IT.
,Recommended,413410,23147213,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Salax,"It's like Phoenix Wright, but less irritating."
,Recommended,413410,28069247,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dragonicus,Monokuma is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Beware the Bear.
,Recommended,413410,21392912,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Ddraig,"Great game.For those who have already watched the anime, you might get bored at one point, but I recommend you to stick with it. You'll see that the game has more to offer as you are the one in control of the game. The awesome soundtracks also deliver an amazing feel."
,Recommended,413410,29534809,Posted: 27 January,all,Ninisan,Nothing is better then getting your heart ripped out by a psycho teddy bear.
76561198005877365,Recommended,413410,29533842,Posted: 27 January,all,Zgamer49,One of the best games 10/10
76561198122949049,Recommended,413410,29104530,Posted: 7 January,all,REAPERcas,ALL DEAD
,Recommended,413410,21595311,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Vyn,"Yes, this game is very fascinating to play...both the gameplay and the storyline are very good, in my opinion. I would put out a much more detailed review, but I am not very good at this. I'd suggest to read the other positive reviews...they will give you a gist of what this game is like...but, nonetheless, I still definitely recommend for you to add this game to your collection and to look into playing it sometime!"
76561198075711881,Recommended,413410,21301627,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,76561198075711881,One of the best VN's I've ever played
,Recommended,413410,21303209,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,AG Gao,Upupupupu
,Recommended,413410,21326116,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jazzy,kyoko best waifu
,Recommended,413410,21396744,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Crauza,Puhuhu... Puhuhu! Bwaaahahahaha!
,Recommended,413410,30600097,Posted: 18 March,all,Hamatsu,"I ♥♥♥♥IN LOVE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥U KNOW BUT ANYWAY THE ROASTED HANDS GIRL IS THE BEST GIRL 4 EVERIDK WHAT IMMA ♥♥♥♥IN TALKIN ABOUT CUZ IMMA ♥♥♥♥IN DRUNK U KNOWSO DONT'T BLAME ME OR ANYTHIN LIKE THISJUST DONT'T, OK?"
,Recommended,413410,21313604,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,sirentica,It's a beary great port of a beary great PS Vita gameUpupupu~
,Recommended,413410,23108973,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rain,"HOL UP*Traps a bunch of niqqas in a school*What youse tryin to say is*Mukuru switches bodies with Junko before anyone noticed*what you white bois is saying*Junko is Mukuru's sister and they both psychos so they team up to slowly kill off all the other studentsthat we niqqas can*But Junko is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy so she kills her sister Mukuru 1st becuz why not, she a hoethat we can like get sum*Junko controls a robotic bear named Monokuma that orchestrates this whole ♥♥♥♥♥how*some finna*All the students start apein' cuz they caged in and are offered motives to kill each other so they can go freeHol up so u be sayin isBut somehow something happened that caused the world to go into ""despair"" and ruin and they didnt know♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz they were hypnotized or some stupid copping out writers block♥♥♥♥♥♥That this little white gurl hurrAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOBut in reality life is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥good inside the school cuz the headmaster that is now dead cuz of junko made sure the students were safe during the tragedy that they couldnt rememberSO HOL UP HOL UPAfter these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥savage♥♥♥♥♥students kill of like 75% of each other they decide to try to discover wth is going on and escapeSO U BE SAYINOh then junko is like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lunatic and even after they discover she is behind the whole mess she donest give af even after she agreed to kill herself if everyone agreed on it with the condition that we savages have to pack up and leave into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is the world. And then she killed herself.HOL UP HOL UPTHEN WE FKINF OPEN THE DOOR AND LEAVE AND THERE IS NO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SHOT OF THE OUTSIDE WORLD, WHICH IS THE ONLY DAMN♥♥♥♥♥♥♥REASON IVE PLAYED THIS GAME FOR ALMOST 30♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HOURS. OH BUT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MONOKUMA THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ALCOHOLIC POO-BEAR WHO IS LAYING ON THE GROUND LIFELESS IN A FORESHADOWING SHOT LIFTS UP HIS HEAD AND MUMBLES SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥IN HIS UNINTELLIGABLE LANGUAGE, MEANING OH LOOK WE CAN MAKE A SEQUEL BECAUSE THESE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WEEBS THINK THEY CAN UNDERSTAND WHAT THE TRAGEDY WAS THEN, BUT THEY PROB GONNA BE LIKE NAH SON, GET DANGANRONPA 25 AND MAYBE WE WILL TELL YOU.Great game tho."
76561198025752844,Recommended,413410,21388207,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,[ LT.DAN ],"""Who's responsible for this madness?""That's what I asked myself after playing this game.Found out it was Spike Chunsoft, the guys who made Zero Escape.20 / 10 would let them tamper with my mind again."
,Recommended,413410,21322223,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Herbie,My favourite game series of all time finally on Steam!!
,Recommended,413410,21314274,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kiyohime,"Fun game, great story, worth the money. The only thing I'll never understand is why you'll leave names like Monokuma (and everyone's very clearly Japanese names alone), but then change Genocider Syo (or Shou) to Jack. Lierally makes zero sense."
,Recommended,413410,21315840,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Woga,"I hope the next series is also in the steam that is "" Super Dangan Ronpa 2 Sayonara Zetsubou Gakuen "" , ok thanks ^^"
,Recommended,413410,21485712,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,I need a good name,Monokuma is so cute :3
76561198056070051,Recommended,413410,30847394,Posted: 30 March,all,GrandpappyPedro,<3
,Recommended,413410,31365238,Posted: 25 April,all,Nayy,This game sucks.Sore wa chigau yo!
,Recommended,413410,21306166,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Felixu,10/10 gameu
,Not Recommended,413410,34971790,Posted: 15 September,all,敲可爱,繁体中文翻译有问题 可能会导致卡关 建议使用英文
76561198018083635,Recommended,413410,21443678,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Toph,True despair. <3
,Recommended,413410,24150547,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SirGay(MadbossDVS),Game of thrones but with anime characters.
,Recommended,413410,21302696,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sayaka The Student,10/10I got to spend hundreds of hours with my Waifu.
76561198059452844,Recommended,413410,25357809,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Captain Scoot,Bear puns
,Not Recommended,413410,33689193,Posted: 20 July,all,Punji Trapper,"Personally prefer playing phoenix wright.After playing phoenix wright, this game felt kinda underwhelming. I can understand why people like it, but it was definitely not for me.new world order meme is funny af. Other than that, i recommend buying the game on a sale especially if you are an anime fan."
,Recommended,413410,21443718,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Lachzx,"Is this Nekopara?But I dont see any cat girls,feeling so confused, plz help ! Kappa"
76561198006849221,Recommended,413410,32749077,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,A fun whodunit multiple murder mystery. Would've been a tiny bit more fun if all the contestants were Trump family members.
,Recommended,413410,28824355,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,❤ Lawliet ❤,"This Game... Made me sad and happy at the same time.Now, even though it says 2.3 hours on record, I have been playing this on my PS Vita for at least 100 hours and let me tell you... This game is perfect.Pros• The Protaganist--In this game, you play as Makoto Naegi, the guy who got in to the best academy by luck. In the anime, he became the ultimate hope.• The Antagonist--You play to find out who is Monokuma and who locked you up, but it turns out... It was Junko, (SPOILERS)the one who ""died in the first chapter(?)• The Storyline--Good story build, it's better than thd 2nd one, imo.Cons• The story--Could've been longer.I would give this a 10/10, but I must not give a biased opinion. It's around 7/10 if you don't like solving puzzles. I definitely recommend this. Thanks for reading this ""short"" review (I'm tired and too lazy to type) I did and have a nice day!"
,Recommended,413410,21301503,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ｃold • Ｒain,Upupupupu~
,Recommended,413410,21301255,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mitty,I rate it 11037/10
,Recommended,413410,21303304,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ya Boi Fukase,10/10 Would die again
76561198313688822,Recommended,413410,23947093,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,femalejakeenglish,"any game is awesome until your favorite character dies.   R.I.P.   Mondo Owada, may the Ultimate Gang Leader Rest in peace"
76561198084193965,Not Recommended,413410,30991437,Posted: 6 April,all,batz900,"I was really excited to play this, but at the end I'm really disappointed.  I've only played Virtues Last Reward as another VN, and I was excited for the puzzles and story.  The story is really good, but the puzzles are really bad.  The only real challenge from the puzzles come from the ambiguity or the annoyances they put in the way.  If you do play the game ensure you put the difficulty on kind, I don't know what differences this make, but in the instructions it said the puzzles wouldn't have the blockers which made things really annoying late-game.  Overall, I'm disappointed in the gameplay but I did really enjoy the story...I'd recommend the anime over the game (though I haven't seen the anime in ages to remember how it matches up with the story in the game)"
,Not Recommended,413410,31118835,Posted: 13 April,all,Palpz,"I would say that Danganronpa is an ok game, but certainly very far from the great game that it had been hyped up to be.First the good points. The plotline is intricate and interesting. The art and art direction are quite well done, it's campy and over the top, and the contrast with what you're seeing and what's going on helps highlight the absurdity of it all.The ugly: The characters are all basically walking memes or anime tropes, but at least somewhat amusing examples of that. The main character at times seems like he's dumber than a bag of hammers; unfortunately it also seems like he's supposed to be the smart one in the group.The bad: My god, the gameplay is annoying. While the investigations aspect after a murder occurs isn't too terrible (although that can be sometimes irksome as well), the ""trial"" segments are just painfully un-fun. The whole loading up truth bullets and firing them at incorrect statements, except sometimes you need to grab onto other statements to load up new truth bullets, etc. My god, this is just painful tedium that's getting in the way of actually getting to the content. I don't need to play a stupid mini game to establish that *Spoiler alert* the corpse isn't person A, it's person B because it has a tattoo and person A didn't but person B did. We know that, because we saw the tattoo and we also saw the report listing that person B had the tattoo. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child could connect those dots. No damned mini game required.The cut scenes between days is just tedious; I really don't need to sit and listen to the same bloody announcement to go to bed and then wake up every damned day, and the stupid Monokuma theatre segments are stupid and make me want to gouge my brain out.All in all, it seemed like there was a lot of the elements of the game which were solely designed to pad the length of the game, while unfortunately overall making it far less enjoyable of an experience. I certainly could not recommend this game at anything close to it's typical price point."
,Recommended,413410,21308554,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,William Shakesman,You lose again Sony kids. There is nothing you have which PC master race cannot take away.Also Celeste is best girl.
76561198031360009,Not Recommended,413410,34865128,Posted: 10 September,all,mordmorgan,"Seeing all the positive reviews I had to jump in, but it's still not what I expected.  Now don't get me wrong, the story is great, keeps you reading and wanting more and you want to get to the end and discover the secret of it all, however getting there is more of a chore than a game.  Of the 20 hours played 18.5 of if was just clicking the button to advance to the next screen of text or walking to the next room that you had to go to.  What you discover also doesn't actually matter as the game holds your hand and leads you to each clue, not letting you leave an area until you have all the clues in that area, you are just along to push the ok button.  Even the minigames at the class trials are sometimes more of a pain than entertainment that rely on you guessing the convoluted 'logic' of what to say to match dialogue even though it's obvious who is guilty.  Even then don't worry, if you get it wrong you just restart right there to guess click all the options until you discover the exact combo that the game deveolpers want you to pick.  Which like I said is OK, not great but ok, because the story is very compelling.  My best advice if you really want to see/read a great story is to go watch a lets play video or just read the wikipedia page.  By doing either of those you still get as much control in the game as you would as if you had bought it, and you can save the cash from buying it."
76561198346108125,Not Recommended,413410,29127349,Posted: 8 January,all,choonghuh,"Fooled by the great reviews, I bought Danganronpa 1,2. I like the lively characters and their gimmicks. I hate how easy the game is, and how they try to mix in weird mini-games that distract from the story line. Maybe if I had watched the anime, I might understand why this game is part Phoenix Wright, part Time Crisis, and part Dance Dance Revolution.Here's an example of something I really hated.""Ohh... If there was only a way to tell when this person died...""""Is there an evidence that can tell TIME...?""But you don't even get to pick this item from the list of evidence you have! Rather, they'll tell you what it is and load that evidence as a 'bullet' for your argument gun or some s*** idk. With that bullet, you must shoot down a statement to prove your point while not hitting wrong ones that try to interfere. On top of that, you need to play some weird rhythm game to finish off your opponent. All these little things distract from the storyline that is mediocre at best.I don't know what got the other users so hyped up, but I would not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,413410,34825237,Posted: 8 September,all,WarezWaldo,"Oh boy. Yet another amnesia narrative in a Japanese visual novel. This trope really needs to die. It's a shame really, that a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥narrative conceit should ruin what is mostly a prettty good game. I really liked the core concept and most of the characters, as well as the slow unraveling of the mystery. The music is pretty good as well. But man, that stupid amnesia narrative. Oh, and almost everything about the trials was pretty bad - the rhythm action is frustrating, having to shoot letters is inane and pointless, and most of the logical deduction is either spelled out for you by the characters or glaringly obvious from the beginning."
,Not Recommended,413410,25831076,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Cid,"Maybe it is all the hype around this game but I came away disappointed. There were some good plot twists in the first two chapters but after that they all became really predictable, and the story kind of disintegrated into a cheesy good vs evil. The  controls are also pretty janky which can be frustrating at times. If you're a big anime fan then you'll probably be able to look past the flaws, but anyone seriously comparing this to 999 is kidding themselves."
76561198129321854,Not Recommended,413410,30538794,Posted: 16 March,all,cool_a_dragon,"This game had some really good parts of it. Some of the chareters were interesting and most of the cases were very interesting. The exception would be the first case where they litterally give you the name of the killer in the first few minuets and then you are still forced to investigate for no reason. The trials were great fun and brought all the clues togeather in succint ways. My problem was with the story of the game. It felt very drawn out. You could skip half of the dialog and lose nothing. Not chareter developement, nor plot. The ending was so unsatifying that i felt like I had wasted all of my time."
,Not Recommended,413410,34037257,Posted: 5 August,all,kimoyatch,"I've played the Ace Attorney series and a handful of other equally great JRPGs (Mother, Nino Kuni, FFVI, The venerable Chrono Trigger, etc.), but this comes nowhere near... (Of course, it only scored 82 on Metacritic (facepalm))  I couldn't believe how childish the dialogues were.  (Spoiler) How Sayaka just throws herself at you felt so fake and unreal I had trouble feeling immersed in the game.  Class Trial hasn't begun for me.  I've played this for 4.2 hours and the real part hasn't even begun?  I hope the investment of my time pays off soon, but I doubt that the terrible dialogues will get any better.Update: Things get much more exciting when you do your first class trial.  I still have trouble feeling immersed because the protagonist is soooo annoying...  Let's see how much better this game gets... I still find the four and half hour long prologue unforgivable...  as well as the main character's whiny and gullible monologues..."
,Not Recommended,413410,28750485,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,桃味,"I can't give this game a thumbs up despite how much I loved it as a kid.I used to think that the plot was amazing, but now I find it extremely cringy.It's unrealistic. Way too unrealistic that it's become absurd.The storyline is that the protagonist, along with his classmates, is trapped in a school specially for privileged elites. They are told, by a teddy bear who claims to be their school principal, that they will have to live in the school for the foreseeable future.Unless they manage to kill someone without anyone else finding out.""So what happens if the killer is found out?"" you might ask. The answer is that he'll be executed by the principal. With every other student watching.The first murdereris hit to death by baseballs.The second murdereris made into butter, spread onto toast and eaten by the principal.All unnecessarily violent.One of the most preposterous parts of this game is that nobody seems that upset even when someone is brutally killed right in front of his very own eyes. The students would just look a bit startled and mumble that they don't want to see this again. Some would cry a little bit, but just a little bit. Then they would get back to their lives like nothing has happened. LIKE NOTHING HAS HAPPENED. They would joke around and laugh because they believe “it isn't the best time to be feeling so down” (I was lost for words when I read this line). Then another murder would take place and they would all be a little startled again. Then after the trial they would get back to their lives again. And this cycle repeats. Wow, they are indeed very resilient people aren’t they?Still, the annoying protagonist keeps repeating that they are all very desperate. They don't look very bothered to me though.It is also infuriating to hear the protagonist justify his friends' actions by iterating that everything is the teddy bear's fault, attempting to convince the players that actually everyone else is innocent. Ha, another Japanese-anime-style cliché. I don't understand why so many Japanese anime like to make this kind of stuff - other than the only one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who's truly evil, every character is innocent; if the supposedly innocent ones have done something wrong, that must've been because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ had incited them to do it. :/No, please don’t mistake me for being angry at the badly-written story. I am not angry at the story itself, but at the irresponsible writer, who clearly didn't care at all. He didn't even bother to come up with a story that is not so farfetched. He didn’t even bother to make characters that were like real human beings and had their own feelings. He didn’t even bother putting himself in the characters’ shoes to think of how those characters would react when faced with that kind of situation. It is the irresponsibility that enrages me so much.All in all, I wouldn't recommend you to get this game. It claims to be a mystery-solving kind of game, but the logic of many of their arguments is flawed. It might appeal to people who like reading about or watching movies about people killing other people in order to survive, and who like seeing people die in strange, unusual ways. :/"
,Recommended,413410,21301375,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Auradyme,"Downloaded it the minute it came out, its 4AM.See you in 2 days sleep!Edit: Now that I've started it, I can say I'm already enjoying it considerably more than the anime adaptation, too bad I already know what's going to happen, but still! It's great so far.Not to mention the soundtrack, its so unique and I love it."
76561198070418551,Not Recommended,413410,33524903,Posted: 13 July,all,Fastdash,"As a fairly new fan of the Phoenix Wright series, I was thinking this game would be a good way to take a break from my playthough of the trilogy. It was something similar, yet it seemed like it would add a new twist to the formula. So I bought the game on the Steam Summer Sale....I stopped after case 3. $15 down the drain, and 15 hours of my life I will never get back. So where did it all go wrong?I'm going to assume everyone reading this knows the game's basic concepts, so I'll get right into my thoughts. (the TL:DR version will be at the bottom).For starters, let's talk about the characters. Most of the guys are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and most of the girls are bland waifu material. The only slightly interesting character was Kyoko, and I only talked to the others to get abilities to help me later on. I could barely stand any of them, they all seemed like they came right out of a cheesy slasher film.The friendship mechanic is also pointless. It doesn't change anything about the game, and to actually talk to the characters you want to talk to, you have to run all over the school like a chicken with your head cut off, trying to find them, while going through the room transistions that always waste your time. It's not fun or fulfilling in the slightest, I don't even want to be friends with most of these people.However, the trials are the meat of this game. So how do they hold up? Not very well either. Each trials is split up into minigames that will easily get on your nerves. I'll talk about each of them individually, but I came up with names for the minigames of my own.-Overly Glorified Cross-Examinations-These are basically where you use ""truth bullets"", which are basically pieces of evidence. This is basically a worse version of a Phoenix Wright cross-examination, except it points out potential contradictions for you, has a time limit, you can't stay on a single phrase for as long as you need, and you can't go back to a previous statement if you miss your shot. Yes, you actually have to shoot the contradiction. They try throwing in obstacles, but silencers deal with them instantly, so they're pretty much pointless.-Hangman's Exploit-Basically a game of hangman where you need to wait for the letter you want to appear, and then shoot it. Why do I call it Hangman's Exploit? Well, you can pause the game during this time, which pauses the timer, and so gives you all the time you need to think. So basically, the timer is pointless.-Rhythm Heaven Fever: ""I Won't Listen to You"" Edition-Basically, to get someone who refuses to listen to anything you're saying, you have to play a rhythm game. ...Could the developers not come up with something better than this? It's just frustrating, espeiclaly when it stops you from seeing anything, because I swear the music is not timed correctly to the beat. This game is supposed to be about wit, not being forced to play a rhythm game to proceed. I mean, I'm just going to fire a truth bullet at their last statement anyways, so what's the point of shooting down all their irrelevant statements? Plus, the game clearly says it's a popular vote to decide who the blackened is, so who cares if one person is throwing a hissy fit?-Freaking Comic Assembly-...I hate this minigame. I have a hard time telling what the pictures are supposed to be showing, and I just wish there was a caption on each one, just so I know for sure which one is which. It also throws in comic bits from previous cases to throw you off... which obviously doesn't work.The trials also did not feel satisfying to me, since I just didn't care about the story. All I wanted to do was get though it, and combined with the minigames, it felt like a chore, especially since most of the contradictions required such little thought to spot, even on the hardest difficulty. Not to mention all of the plot holes. ...So many glaring plot holes... it gives me a headache just thinking about all of them...Now, here's a list of some of my other nitpicks.1. Why are the characters talking about their escape plans in a room with a camera?2. Why does it have to take place in a school? It doesn't change anything.3. What's the point of telling me nighttime is at 10 p.m, when there is no way to keep track of time?4. Why does every room need to play a transition everytime I walk inside it?5. Why are Byakuya, Kyoko and I the only competent characters in the entire game?6.  Why are only some lines of dialogue commentated over, and the rest are not or have some genaric line or groan?7. What's with all the swearing? It gets really annoying after a while.8. Why is the layout of the school so confusing? I mean, there seems to be no pattern.9. Why is only access to the dining hall restricted during nighttime?10. Why is the blood pink? It just seems out of place.Overall, Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, is a disappointing game. The fact I couldn't finish it even though I tried to shows it. I wanted to see the end but this game is not worth my time. There's no reason to care about what's going on, the characters are generic, and the gameplay is poor. I don't care about finishing this game at all. Just get the Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy on the 3DS, it's a series that's actually worth your time.(TL;DR)Gameplay: 3/10Story: 3/10Characters: 2/10Level Design: 4/10Final Score: 3/10 -Bad"
76561198142621997,Not Recommended,413410,23806657,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cheesethingy,"I love this game to death, but beware those with MOTION SICKNESS. Don't play this game for too long or you will be in hell for the next few hours."
,Not Recommended,413410,33714363,Posted: 22 July,all,Bernie Sander is Lit!,If you liked this read The Maze Runner and Wayward Pines. Also watch Lost.
,Not Recommended,413410,25433588,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Urcofox,"I'd just like to get this out of the way.Danganronpa is a good visual novel and a good story.That out of the way, the game is terrible. If you're going to spend thirty bucks on it, you may as well buy a DVD set of the first season of the anime. It's the same story, nothing left out, and you don't have to deal with annoying minigames that take you out of the experience. Better yet, find the anime on a streaming service you're already familiar with, and spend your thirty dollars on the second game, which didn't get an anime.EDIT: Apparently a DVD set costs $70. Your best bet is to look up the series on Funimation. Or Hulu, if you're a masochist. I imagine watching it on Hulu with ads would provide the same experience as playing the game, as the minigames interrupt the story with the same frequency as their ads.I might have recommended the game if I'd played it before watching the anime, but I only learned it was a game after I was hooked, so I had to learn the hard way.Since I already knew which people were going to die, I thought ""Perfect. I can spend all my time building relationships with people I know will live."" To the developers' credit, just because you know who to invest all your time into doesn't mean it'll be easy to max out their friendship bar. For one, there are certain characters who show up less frequently during free time than others (Kyoko, mainly) and even if you can find them, you have to know their personality well to know what gifts to give them, and then luck into those gifts in the gift shop. Or you can cheat and look it up online, if you're into that kind of thing. Anyway, since I avoided walkthroughs, thinking (correctly) my knowledge of the anime would get me through the story, the thought that there might be a gift guide on one of them occurred to me too late, and I only maxed out two relationships.Even if it was a decent challenge, it was extremely disappointing how little those relationships affected the story (not at all, to be exact). Since they were going to make a third installment as an anime featuring both games' characters, I suppose it makes sense that we had to know who survives, but it just makes the game so linear. Again, I might not have complained about this if I'd played the game first, but since I saw the anime first, It's a bit of a letdown to me that the game provided nothing new.However, if you ignore my advice and buy the game, a point will come when Kirigiri Kyoko will lie during the class trial. Call her out on it. It's the wrong answer but the alternate ending is so worth it, especially if you've been spending time with Hiro.EDIT: So apparently a lot of the VN fans hate the anime.  I heartily disagree with that point of view. Unlike with the Ace Attorney anime (sorry, the two are just too comparable) the danganronpa 1 anime isn't condensed to hell and back, and can be enjoyed with no understanding of the game. Cannot say the same for Danganronpa 3, so again if you can only get one of the two games, get Danganronpa 2 and stream Danganronpa 1. That way you can understand what you're seeing in 3.Side note: the Ace Attorney anime is still awesome. Not quite a different experience, but worth your time."
,Not Recommended,413410,28962541,Posted: 2 January,all,Empress Dowager,"Too absurd to take seriously, but I will go back eventually"
76561198407046876,Not Recommended,413410,34007112,Posted: 3 August,all,fern,the prologue is too long and too boring there is nothing to do except click left mouse over and over again
,Not Recommended,413410,29371092,Posted: 19 January,all,yeeeaaaahhhh braaaaahhhhhh,How many plot holes can you have in one game
,Not Recommended,413410,28732455,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DEAD,"garbage for losers, not a proper game, gtfo and read a book if you want story."
,Not Recommended,413410,25373538,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,justinisflowers,"I've played for two hours and not hit a single class trial yet. Instead I've read two hours of boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥text and tried to become acclimatized to the weird controls and mechanics. I could have watched two full length movies in the time this game as taken to explain it's world. Two. Full length. Movies. For a storytelling game, it really sucks at storytelling. Why do I need to hear every single person in the game tell me they're leaving the room when the leader says ""let's leave the room""? Do I really need 15 confirmation boxes to click through while I wait for them all to say ""yeah, let's leave"". Also the 15 unique characters thing? Its a cluster♥♥♥♥. So much to take in you just end up forgetting them all. They're all Japanese managa and anime stereotypes anyhow. I'm pretty sure I've wiped my♥♥♥♥♥with toilet paper less two dimensional.I bought this expecting it to be like Phoenix Wright, but even after two hours of text in Ace Attorney you get a goddamn trial. Also, Ace Attorney throws you into a trial first thing to show you why you should be willing to bog through the boring as hell walls of text to read. You read them to be able to beat the trails. Here there's all stick and no carrot. If as a storytelling game in 2 hours you can't convey the main points central to your goddamn story such that I can have some gameplay, you are doing something very, very, very wrong. I payed 30 dollars for this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198293996291,Recommended,413410,34627205,Posted: 30 August,all,jrrrwilliam,Junko is the monokuma!
,Not Recommended,413410,29728984,Posted: 5 February,all,neozeed,"Ugh pacing is insanely SLOW.  I get it's 10 little indians, but TBH too many people, and not enough game play I just quickly lost interest in the story.45 minutes+ of introductions with nothing happening and that is all I can take.I'm going against the grain with a thumbs down.  It's too much into itself, and just not captivating, nor interesting."
76561198122338095,Not Recommended,413410,21613337,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dancasto,"Its a good game, i like the gameplay, characters, and story, but the save files going missing is too big a deal. Even after the patch came out that shouldve fixed it didnt. This game requires alot of invested time into it no matter what because its a visual novel game, so having to start over is really annoying."
,Recommended,413410,31865969,Posted: 20 May,all,Phoenix Tatakai,Junko is the mastermind
,Not Recommended,413410,21396040,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ontrmm,"okay, so believe me, i love the danganronpa franchise and the games. i just wanted to say that my game is glitching severely? like im only in chapter one and screens and text boxes are glitching out badly, like, seizure-inducing bad. i restarted my game and reinstalled it and it still does it? idk, im just frustrated and i dont want to have to play the game with everything glitching everytime i click something."
76561198011178686,Not Recommended,413410,21997509,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Delacroix,"Don't play this. It's slow, the characters are all one-note annoyances, the themes are childish, the clues are all obvious, the mechanics are all pointless flash, it's slow, it constantly treats you like an idiot by repeating and re-repeating conversations you heard five minutes ago, the big shocking twist is both overwrought and underdeveloped, andit's slow. Even if you just want to finish the story, this thing will devour an ungodly amount of your finite human existence. Don't make the same mistake I did."
,Not Recommended,413410,32778134,Posted: 25 June,all,[J],>me>see waifu material&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hard>learn she is a he♥♥♥♥ this game make my♥♥♥♥♥♥confused 3/10 confused boner
,Not Recommended,413410,21760235,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Vorthod,"If you haven't seen the Danganronpa anime, then my rating changes to a ""recommended."" My review is targetted at people who have seen it, so you may wish to stop reading. If you have seen the anime, don't expect anything new from this.When I got this game, I looked and saw that tons of people were recommending this game after saying that it gives way more than the ""watered down"" anime and I was very excited. I loved the anime; if this is the anime plus more like what, say, Utawarerumono did, then I'm all for it. Sadly, that was not the case at all. The plot is pretty much verbatim what the anime was. Even worse, anyone who has seen the anime immediately knows the solution to every single case in the game, which is a major problem when the game is supposed to be a mystery. The game does technically have more content than the anime, but it all boils down to the level of Support Conversations from the Fire Emblem series. You might learn something interesting from one or two of little dialogues with the fourteen other characters, but most of the conversations are just cementing whatever stereotype the character was introduced as. It's not like befriending character A is going to prevent them from murdering character B two days from now. Oh, there's also a completely non-canon bonus mode at the end which gives you free reign to go gather all the support conversations while playing a...worker placement minigame of all things. Don't get me wrong, I don't hate this game by any means, but it's definitely not a good way to spend your time if you've seen the show already.Basically, if you haven't seen the anime and are still reading...what are you still doing here? I told you this review wasn't for you, but I still think this is a series you should check out. It's a very nice mystery storyline with an interesting method of figuring out the truth. If you HAVE seen the anime, this is just the same thing with the same characters, dialogue, plot, and execution, but with still character sprites instead of full animation. I suppose if you absolutely need to know every single detail about all the characters that the anime producers decided they didn't have time to include, then go ahead and play the game...actually, just go read the characters' wikipedia entries or something; you'll save money and time."
,Not Recommended,413410,21399041,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Davyboy,"This game is a mystery... I don't understand where they get their writers. If you love games with terrible twist ending's... or you liked the show, ""Lost"". You will love this game."
,Not Recommended,413410,21391286,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Viporion,"I should have looked better at the pics in the lineup.When I found this game I was happy. I loved the serie (even though I found it to be to short) and the discussions put my mind at ease. That the game would be longer and with more things to do, more things to see than the anime had shown.I would have preferd a better graphic style, not outlandish but something that doesn't make the game feel like a pop-up book.I love the story, but.....*sigh*The fact that every time I enter a room the room seems to be put together like a low budget pop-up book has gotten on my nerves and I am not even passed the second chapter.I can get over the controles and lack of ability to make very basic changes like rever the camera.I can even get over the fact that everytime Monokuma talks the voice sends my in minuteslong laughing fits.But the pop-up book loading and the whole everybody is put up as cartboard cutouts in a pretty much 3d game.I rather advice people to keep them money in their pockets and buy the anime serie on dvd."
76561197965499203,Not Recommended,413410,21398040,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Fluoxetine,"To complete stage 1 in this game you have to beat a full game of Kings Quest, Hunie Pop, Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney, Wheel of Fortune, Typing of the Dead, and Dance Dance Revolution.The game has some decent writing but I don't have 3 hours of time to waste on a single goddamn stage. Maybe you do."
,Not Recommended,413410,31378576,Posted: 26 April,all,slutet,Full of sexism and anti LGBT opinions.
,Not Recommended,413410,34218190,Posted: 13 August,all,unemployed black astronaut,"Sayaka, Chihiro (who is really a tranny ♥♥♥♥♥♥), Yamada, Ishimaru and Sakura are murdered (hers is a suicide); Leon, Oowada and Celes are the murderers; Junko is the mastermind behind everything and her twin sister Mukuro was in disguise as her the whole time."
76561198045693565,Not Recommended,413410,21504762,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Khaled89,So much pointless talking ......
,Not Recommended,413410,21328842,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Lycanthrope,"A tediously linear click-through anime in video-game format filled with information repeated ad nauseum to cater to short attention spans, mobile-calibre mini-games, poorly cropped sprites with white edges and god-awful grammar.Dear NIS America and the general populace who seem incapable of writing basic high-school-grade English:A person *lays* bricks but *lies* in bed.An item can be found *lying* on the floor but unless it's also capable of laying eggs, it's certainly not *laying* there.Something can happen *by* accident but definitely not ""on"" accident.Surely this isn't difficult to grasp? Actually, I take that back--it so clearly must be."
,Recommended,413410,30425581,Posted: 10 March,all,Rua,Must play
,Recommended,413410,30562941,Posted: 16 March,all,Sukapin,Great fun to play! Lovable characters.
76561198127191431,Recommended,413410,30585689,Posted: 18 March,all,A Companion Cube,"This game really caught be by surprise, the story was really amazing, the plot twists were interesting, especially during Trial 6. I like the executions, and the characters were extremely likeable, even some of the killers! i kind of wish that you had more sympathy with some of the killers, but that issue is fixed in Danganronpa 2. I also kind of wish it was a bit longer, but I kind of rushed through it so I guess that's my fault, there's a bit of a difficulty curve about halfway through trial 2, but it isn't that bad, that's about all of my thoughts on this game, if you like games like Phoenix Wright and Persona then you'll love this game, it has a good story and I'll rate it 9/10"
,Recommended,413410,30626881,Posted: 19 March,all,ArrayAnimay ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,One of the best visual novel mystery games I've ever had the pleasure to play!!
76561198045048073,Recommended,413410,21747696,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Iori-Loco,10/10 would see my waifu get killed again
76561198128002427,Recommended,413410,21733236,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lighty,"Since I finished the 4 games for the NDS of Phoenix Wright, the first 3 professor layton games and Ghost Trick Phantom detective, I've wanted to play a ""detective"" game for some time that could immerse me in the same way those game did. I heard this game was coming to PC and started reading that if you liked Phoenix wright games you will love it so I'm here to let everyone know that has been the true thus far.The games is really cool with lots of plot-twists! The mystery that surrounds the game is so well done. So yeah, buy it! I haven't finished it yet but so far it's been amazing."
76561197967571077,Recommended,413410,21738486,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,The_Ring-Bearer,"Danganronpa is very entertaining story that grips you the same way as a really good book is.This game certainly kept me past my bedtime a few nights as I started one of the many Class Trials the game has to offer. The premise is that a bunch of high school students are trapped in a kind of cage match, being heavily encouraged to get away with murdering a fellow class mate so that they alone can escape. Whenever the corpse of their fellow students are found, a Class Trial is had to try and identify the guilty student. Failure to correctly identify the murderer results in all of their deaths save the murderer who gets to escape.While this is not a particularly difficult game even on the hardest of settings, although there are a few times when I was scratching my head at trying to figure out what they wanted me to do, I didn't mind this all that much. Indeed I feel like the actual gameplay of the class trials to simply be a somewhat mechanically satisfying way to make you a part of the Class Trials. I very much enjoyed the many twists and turns the trials would have. Although sometimes some of the “facts” you need to convince some of your more dull witted classmates are facepalmly obvious at times, they quickly move on to more interesting questions.There are certain aspects of the “game” which are pointlessly unpleasant, but are completely optional and don't really matter all that much. Specifically I wish the entire matter of getting “presents” and the gifting them to your fellow students was simply removed entirely. Also the post-game content of the “School Life” game is a waste of time. But despite this, the actual story of Danganronpa is very good and I really enjoyed the journey through multiple murder mysteries. It channels the same sort of vibe that that the also excellent 9 Hours, 9 People, 9 Doors and Virtue's Last Reward also have. I can safely say that if you enjoyed those two games then you will also enjoy this game."
,Recommended,413410,21760245,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Fish,I've never hated a stuffed animal so much
,Recommended,413410,21759884,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ArtificalDelirivm,"Once I first came across this game. At first, everything was difficult. But I did it. I was so interested in this game, I just couldn't tear myself away, sheesh. With pleasure held her again. And yet, really looking forward to the second part, (cuz) most of all, I want to play in it."
76561198043970269,Recommended,413410,21768927,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Curator_Artemis,Gave a literal hand bra to a model. She's my best friend now.
76561198046733342,Recommended,413410,21767299,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,アリス・ツーベルク,"ok so first of all to make it clear to everyone , i watched the anime before i started the game.So i didnt came and started this game without knowin what was going on at all.thinking that the cases and incidents would be happy to solve i barely touched the game but ...upon starting i already struggled and failed a few times at the first case, the evidence have a fewthat shows up in the anime but not all. And during the trials the way you show your evidence is very uniquei definetely recommend this game even if you already watched the anime."
,Recommended,413410,21769063,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Ralkal,all my waifus are dead 10/10
,Recommended,413410,21731067,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Chi,"""My stay at Hope's Peak Academy is a pleasant one. All the food I could wish for, a steaming hot sauna, a basic but pleasant room... however, there is no seaside view. Well, any view really. And the other ""tenants"" creep me out...""The game was good, but there wasn't much ""actual gameplay"". Danganronpa was long, but it consisted mostly of dialogue, so it was more like a visual novel with mini-games and some walking around. To be honest, I wish I could have skipped the trials... but not the last one. That one was epic.The story, art, character development = nice. I can't wait for the sequel to come to Steam!"
76561198088137298,Recommended,413410,22245515,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,yaboiburn420,I had a great time and made some friends who proceeded to all kill each other. 10/10 would watch their friends kill each other again.
,Recommended,413410,22262685,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,My101Wonder,I wanted to play this game very badly after I saw the anime back in 2013. I highly debated about even buying a PS Vita just to play this one game. This game satifised me completely.Looking forward to the second season as well!
76561198055996279,Recommended,413410,22175985,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Radnia,This game made me wanna be a detective :33
,Recommended,413410,22278206,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,gravydiggs,"I'm usually bored with visual novel games, but this one keeps my attention and makes me think while playing, especially during the trials. And you get so caught up in the characters' plight.Overall, I highly recommend Danganronpa. There are points where the story does feel a little too drawn out, but it doesn't really affect how I view the game."
76561198200656565,Recommended,413410,21398169,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,qwerty09,"Edit:To clarify any confusion, I origninaly gave this game a negative review due to a somewhat game-breaking bug. The bug has been fixed since then, and I can now in recomend this game without feeling like I'm needlessly setting people up to rage.Danganronpa is a visual novel about a perfectly ordinary boy who gets accepted into a top tier high school and proceeds to have fun adventures with all the quirky characters he meets there. The quirky characters are also being forced to kill each other by a robotic teddy bear, and you have to solve the murders in Ace-Attorney-meets-light-gun-shooter trial sequences that end with brutal executions. Very Japanese.The visual novel bits are half way inbetween over the top drama and standard high school visual novel fair. You have all the standard tropes: talking with people and giving the presents to increase your relationship status, multiple choice answers in which the correct choice tends to be blindingly obvious, watching your character jump between incrdibly strong willed and a total push-over as the plot demands, peeping on the girls in the bath, and having the possibility of everyone in the school developing a crush on you. That being said, I find I can stand them in here a bit better than in most similar games I play. Maybe it's that the  characters are just more interesting than most. Or maybe it's the fact that you don't know who will die at any time that makes seeing them interact so enjoyable.The trial scenes are the meat of the gameplay. They also feel like they're about five different games mashed into one. You have spelling bees, picture matching, and what is essentialy an ace attorney segment, on a time llimit,  in a shooting range. Even if you know the answer and what to do, it's pretty difficult to accomplish everything perfectly the first time around. Fortunately, the game tends to be pretty forgiving with mistakes, although achievements require you to do some flawless runs.Also, the plot. Can't say much of anything without spoiling a lot of things, but know that it's good. Plenty of twists, some creative motivations, and enough insanity to tide you over any boring bits.That being said, this game is far from perfect. The trial scenes tend to be overly complicated, incorperating way too many mechanics into acomplishing what should be a relatively simple task. The English translation of the game, while generaly good, has a few moments where it has trouble getting across relevant information (As an advanced warning, the answer isschizo. This will make sense when the time comes to enter it in, and no sooner.). And the port has created some bugs, one of which was bad enough that this review was marked as negative until a while after it was patched.I stand by my assesment from the old review that this game is ""good"". Not for everyone, and not perfect, but good.8/10Old review:This is a good game.  I really wish I could give it a positive review. But, at the moment, I can't.A few chapters into the game, my save files all vanished. Thus far, I have been unable to retrive them by any means. If you check the discussion page for the game, you'll notice multiple people are facing this problem, and that it has happened to several people multiple times. Considering this is by no means a short game, I can't in good faith recomend anyone buy it untill after the bug is fixed."
,Recommended,413410,22097575,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Kane of Nod,"A fun visual novel/investigation game, reminiscent of the Ace Attorney franchise in more than a few fun ways. So glad this is finally available on a platform that more than 10 people in the English-speaking world actually have."
,Recommended,413410,21973616,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,EmmBlackheart,"This is an all around good and entertaining game and good for people new to the seriest. Be warned if you have watched or are going the watch the anime, it is based directly off of the specific game and will spoil the plot line."
,Recommended,413410,22034635,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Soul 魂,Never  have I truly understood despair and hope until I played Danganronpa and watched as basically most of the characters I actually liked get brutally killed...100/10 - Would solve murder mysteries again :3
76561198062856256,Recommended,413410,22033563,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,League Is Better,"I don't really write reviews, and it's because I write thousands upon thousands of words a week for school and writing fiction.But I will say: If you enjoy visual novels with first-person roaming, collecting evidence while analyzing crime scenes, and a fantastic story. Buy this game."
,Recommended,413410,22077666,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MrPlaywright,"I love this series. I'm glad the game was finally ported to PC, and it being the updated version with the extra modes. (So you can run without having to unlock it, and having an extra game mode after beating the story.) It's an amazing mystery game. I'd honestly say play from the hardest level from the get go, its more enjoyable that way."
,Recommended,413410,22073591,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Left4monkeys,Good Story!
76561198143972439,Recommended,413410,22004099,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ZeroPantz™,Despair has proven itself to be very amusing indeed! >:D
76561198066143986,Recommended,413410,22331524,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ManekiKing,"I'm just going to list a few things you need to know for this game in advance. It's realy good for a mystery, so go buy it. And the second one. Just do it.  Now for some tips:If you're a red head, you prolly won't like what happens past chapter 1.Dont get attracted to certain characters for too long lmao.Not all fat people are jolly♥♥♥♥ that bearBoobs+donuts=pretty good description of one of the charactersWait thats a boy♥♥♥♥ that bear""This is not welcome in a school environment""I cant believe its not MondoBlablabla Hope Blablabla Despair blablabla ♥♥♥♥ that bearOh, and something about a future foundation but who really cares about that when I can live the rest of my life with 2-d cardboard cutouts of weeaboos on an unlimited supply of donutsOh, and ♥♥♥♥ that Bear"
76561198124984158,Recommended,413410,21826240,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,JaSpecific,"This game is a marvelous, fun, seamless first person shooter-visual novel hybrid. If you feel that that is your kind of game, buy it right now.alsogiveussakurasrevengepleasepleasepleasepleaseplease......."
76561198071502815,Recommended,413410,22421241,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,maryvdang,Great game if you enjoyed the Ace Attorney series with a faster pace.
,Recommended,413410,22421558,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Turret_,"One of my favorite games of all time, Danganronpa helped to (Hope's) Peak my interest in the murder-mystery genre (ba-dum cha!)!A fantastic game with an intriguing story, fun and diverse characters, an ever-dreadful sense of despair, and that up-lifting, screen-chanting feeling of hope!I'm also one who isn't really into visual novels (or rather, I'm just afraid to admit it, since they always seem to have some sort of pervy cringiness to them... Not all of them, but a lot of them), but Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc provided what was completely unexpected from a game like this, and made it fun, engrossing, and something I will remember for years to come.So yeah... GET THIS NOW!!!"
76561198025612648,Recommended,413410,22304129,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Keanu Weebs,"i had ALOT of fun playing this game.i really like the trial mechanic, but not so much the minigames it involves. it's japanese, it wouldnt be without games inside a game; Gameception if you will. it keeps you on your toes at least.also picked best girl from the start, was not dissapointed.9/10 would plot to kill my classmates again."
,Recommended,413410,22461145,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,KeybladeWielderJ,Instantly my favourite game! Unpredictable twists... 10/10!!
76561198127494317,Recommended,413410,22464931,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Darkmoon105,This game is AMAZING! The only downside was that I'm used to the anime where there are different voice actors... But if you want to hear it in Japanese prepare for ALOT of reading during the class trials
,Recommended,413410,22210644,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ozavic,"Probably the first VN style game I enjoyedIf you're worried about the bugs that the negative comments are talking about, they've been fixed and the game runs fine.If you want killer gameplay however, look elsewhere. The minigames are there for immersive purpose, simulation of a♥♥♥♥♥♥slinging yell out against someone using a rhythem game where you shoot down their remarks for instance.The game also has it's own brand of logic that can be a big turn off for some. From pepto-bismol blood to (thankfully minor) plot holes, I could understand how little things pile up to an unenjoyable experience.So why did I like this game, even if it has a lot of problems? It's simple, it made my give a♥♥♥♥♥♥when someone died. For those of you who have played, it was the second trial that got me. I just gave the to-be victim a gift, they shared more about themselves, and I was set to max them out persona style. Then they were suddenly and brutally murdered, gone from the story, unable to be explored any more. And there were no obvious suspects (Besides the super obvious red herring), no clear motives, and no real 'why' as to the character I wanted to learn more about was taken away. It sounds sappy, but it was the first time in a while that I cared about a death in a game, and the game proceeded to eat 30 damn hours of my life (Better $ to hour ratio than I have for a lot of games, so ♥♥♥♥ you price nazis)"
76561198007025751,Recommended,413410,22110430,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Roth,Someone help me.  My feelings are scattered throughout the halls of Hope's Peak Academy.  They're just all over the place.
,Recommended,413410,22329025,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,1-800-ARE-YOU-SLAPPIN'?,"I've loved dangan ronpa since 2012, when all there was were fan-translations. I cannot say how ecstatic I was to see this game come to steam. However, I have many complaints about the port.The controls are clunky,  awkward, and not well explained. It took me a few minutes when I started a new file to realize that you can only save AFTER you've gotten past chapter one. Many of the trial's mini games were horribly explained (I wanted to make sure that the controls were what I assumed them to be) but, I realized that anyone who was new to this game would have a hell of a time figuring out what the HELL the instructions meant.The localization of this game changes a few of the character's names; giving them nicknames rather than their full names. This, and the fact that the characters are no longer refered to by their last names, destroys quite a lot of context and characterization that the original had. (ie; hearing Hagakure call everyone ""name-chi"" to show how laid back and unprofessional he is.)   Hearing Ishimaru being called ""Taka"" was something very annoying that I never adjusted to.The grammar in the dialog is very awkward at times, and hard to read.The dub is mediocre at best, some voices fit very well (Celestia, Asahina), some are decent (Kirigiri, Mondo), and some are cringe-worthy (Togami, Naegi, Chihiro)With these things in mind, know that the actual game itself is FANTASTIC and a wild adventure."
,Recommended,413410,22280992,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,snowman slick,"Lots of style, memorable and interesting characters, and a plot that keeps you at the edge throughout - this game rocks!"
,Recommended,413410,21984216,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,rituals,Celestia “BEST GIRL” Ludenberg
76561198117427054,Recommended,413410,22031231,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,WholeWheatPancakes,"Prepare for the Ultimate Battle,Hope vs Despair..."
76561198195989650,Recommended,413410,22023929,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,natashacavata,"This game is awesome. I had already watched the anime so I thought it would be boring to play since its focus is the story. But I was totally wrong. The characters are interesting (monokuma \o/), the music is cool, and even knowing the story, I was totally immersed in it. Once I started playing I got totally addicted. The only complain I have is that the controls are a little weird during action parts of trials. Also I'm not sure if it's a lost in translation case, but many arguments during trials don't make that much sense. But those flaws are minor compared to all the other great stuff. The extra mode unlocked after endgame is surprisingly great too. Can't wait for the sequel to arrive on steam!"
,Recommended,413410,22024271,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Yumi desu ∠( ᐛ 」∠)＿,"I made a few friends in the beggining, and they all died.10/10 would love to feel despair again in 60fps (ꅔ∀ꅔ) rip"
,Recommended,413410,22042129,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Patney,"Over the top and very anime, but had me hooked all the way to the end. Funny and mostly likeable characters, cool music and many twists"
76561197974933293,Recommended,413410,22040230,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BadMagiX,"This is a thoroughly enjoyable mystery game, where the characters are consistent and believable to where, you are able to come up with interesting theories on how the murder happened before each trial where things become more clear. Many of the cases have interesting twists that usually confirm most of what you can put together, but the conclusion is usually different than what you expect."
,Recommended,413410,22443088,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,godly entity,This game is one of my favourite games of all time.
,Recommended,413410,27521594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hobojobo24,Amazing story with amazing charcters
76561198167548301,Recommended,413410,27912101,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shadowscale321,I'm glad they ported the game to PC. I've waited 6 years to play the game and I am not dissapointed in the slightest. Best story I've played in a long while.
76561198050955342,Recommended,413410,27940848,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheJJBL™,"A good game that really makes you think differently, especially when compared to other games. While a bit ""anime"" at times it really makes up for it with fun characters, tense gameplay and an exciting story that keeps you guessing the whole way through."
,Recommended,413410,27923148,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doctor Joshua,Perfect simulator for making friends and watching them die. Never felt so much despair before this game. 10/10 would play again.
76561198069465610,Recommended,413410,27918494,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sushi Pocky Pantsu #1 ^_^,This game made me feel even more empty than when my father left me...
,Recommended,413410,27973404,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ShaDiTy,"Great story, great puzzle game, better than anime. Very recommend for who like puzzle game + hardcore story game."
,Recommended,413410,27746464,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,☕ Miu fan ☕,+Game Play+Story Line-Realy Long Talks
,Recommended,413410,27744767,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LookACastle,"Everything there is to say about this game is a spoiler, so I will just say this: the gameplay is bad, you're buying a story. A damn good story at that, one of my favorites, but the gameplay is not the main feature here."
,Recommended,413410,27742175,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Atma_Weapon1,"A rare visual novel that features some form of gameplay. Think ace attorney meets battle royale. The characters are fantastic, evolving from what appear to be stereotypes and stock characters into folk you become invested in. Plus, with 30 hours investment you can 100% the achievments, so its got that going for it.10/10, would become the ultimate lucky student again."
76561198078831219,Recommended,413410,27716433,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cloakknight,"I thought visual novel games were boring and I would never stay for long. But the story seemed interesting and so I decided to give it a try. Oh my goodness this game was amazing. The story was good, the twists were good, the gameplay was good. I fell in love with each of the characters and then I went on to buy the second game and watch the anime that closes the arc."
,Recommended,413410,22772941,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Michi (obsessing over drv3),"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy HavocEver since the god Orenronen created their translation LP on the SA forums, I have been waiting 4 years for this game to come out on a (legit) platform that I could actually play it on. 4 long, brutal years, that time has arrived and my god is it better than what I remembered.Danganronpa is a series very close to my heart, as you can tell. I originally read this masterpiece on the SA forums (during the dreaded paywall breaks and waiting to get enough time to finish the ♥♥♥♥ing thing, good times), and being the tumblrfag I am, I was actually in the DR fandom on tumblr back when that was a thing. This game is easily in my top 5 favorite games of all time, and for a good reason (THE GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT).This series is a weird mix of the visual novel and murder mystery genres, where you have to go through essentially a battle royal in a locked up school, isolated from the outside world with everything being monitored by a psychopath ""headmaster"". Throughout the game you have periods of slice of life, interacting with characters and learning their backstories, to finding out mysteries of this school they're trapped in and eventually murder cases.This hidden gem is a must play.Some positives:Fantastic art and design. None of the characters look alike and the reactions on each character's faces were not only stunning art wise, but also helped with showing what their character is all about.The characters themselves. I have never fallen in love with an entire cast, but I can say for sure that each characterall 17 of themis amazing in their own rights. Each one of them is an individual, none of them seem like boring, 1 dimensional characters that you often see in games like this. While some may fit in an overused trope, i.e. Hifumi being the typical weird and obsessive Otaku, there's still something that seems new about them. You see that all of these characters have depth to them, they have their backstories, dreams, and reasons why they want to be proficient in their ultimate ability. There are some characters that are more fleshed out than others, but even the characters who are more simple are still lovable.The free time in this game. In this time, you take a step back from solving mysteries and instead talk and create bonds with any of the characters as you choose. Not only do you get to hear more about the character (always a plus in my books), but you can unlock special abilities to help you in the class trials.The class trials have a system that no other game has really used before. It's unique and adds a good amount of difficulty to the trials themselves and the wide variety of minigames that you go through are refreshing rather than doing the same thing over and over.The atmosphere, my god. I've been a fan of this game for 4 years and I remember the first time I read through the LP on the Something Awful forums (the only way you could ""play"" DR back before the English release or any of the fansub mods for the original came out) and one of the things that initially drew me in was how easy it is to get into the atmosphere. I could feel the characters go into a deeper and deeper despair: seeing their classmates die in brutal ways, being betrayed by each other, relationships being shattered every chapter. Every time something terrible happened I felt exactly what the characters did. This didn't stop after I picked up the game again, even though I knew what to expect I still have these feelings towards events when they happen. Maybe I'm overly empathetic, but this made me appreciate and love the game.The music is all amazing, Masafumi Takada is a ♥♥♥♥ing wonderful composer. You might know him from his musical contribution from SSMB, the No More Heroes series, Kid Icarus: Uprising, The Evil Within, along countless others. If you haven't heard this man's music before then you're really missing out. All of the music goes with the scenes they're supposed to go with and it overall makes it a better experience, hell I even go out of my way to listen to the soundtrack when I'm not playing the game.The twists and turns in this game are insane (even more so in the second game but I'm getting off topic), I doubt anyone would be able to predict anything in the final chapter on their own. While some of them can be a bit too crazy, none of them seem shoehorned in and are exciting to find out. Once the story starts rolling, it really doesn't stop until you see the credits roll.Despite all the positives, there are a few negatives:The first trial. It's dumb and is basically a 3 hour long tutorial that goes on for way too long when you already know who the killer is (the name is literally written out buddy, if you can't get this then you shouldn't play this game or any murder mystery lol).This is a personal preference, but I don't like some of the changes in dialogue from the Japanese version. While I'm fine with most of it (come on, I'm notthatmuch of a weeb), there were a few things that were just dumb. One being Hifumi's ultimate talent. The target audience knows what Doujins are, so I don't see the need to change it to ""fanfic creator"", and when you go into his free time segments the term fanfiction just clashes with the rest of the sentences.Also the change of Genocider Syo to Genocide Jack, why was this necessary again?It's not a big deal, but some of the changes personally bugged me.There are a few weird looking drawings in this game that should have been cleaned up, the one that sticks out to me most iswhen you see ""Junko"" laying on the ground when she dies in the first chapter, the hair looked off compared to what it looked like in any other drawing of her and it was overall just weird looking.Sometimes in the nonstop debates, you have to use other people's words as proof to show contradictory/weak points. This isn't an issue (in fact I love this), but the reason why it's here and not in the positives is because sometimes you take part of a sentence that's at the end of the debate and use it at the beginning or middle of it. This doesn't make sense, as you perceive that the conversation only happens once, so how could you use evidence from something that hasn't even been said yet?Re:Act. With this, you click on highlighted text to get more info about a specific topic. It's cool but it's so useless because it could have been made so that the character already tells you this in their long speeches and (thankfully) doesn't show up in the second game. They also neglect this feature and it rarely ever pops up outside of a few instances after chapter 1. They hammered in this feature in chapter 1, and halfway through chapter 3 I was wondering why I've barely seen it even though it was used so ♥♥♥♥ing often previously.Overall, if you love games with wonderful art, storyline, music, and gameplay, this is a must buy. While I may be a biased fangirl, there are actual reasons as to why this game is a masterpiece despite it having some flaws.I rate Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc a 9/10, play this game immediately. You'll thank me later."
76561198090186166,Recommended,413410,22835599,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Flandersnatch,"As someone with VERY little experience with visual novels... I am blown away by this game!Going into this title, I wasn't expecting very much, honestly. I was mostly intrigued by the premise, and the fact that it has such a huge fanbase. But after spending a few days with the game, I can definitely see why so many people love it. The characters aren't just annoying anime tropes, they're well written and engrossing, if slightly ridiculous at times (in a good way), and their respective voice actors really bring each of them to life. However, what really hooked me into the game was the story and the incredible pacing. As you play, the morbid scenario just keeps getting darker and more complex, as do the characters reactions to them and attitudes toward each other... and there is always a shocking twist just around the corner. Just when you think you KNOW what's going on, everything is turned on it's head.This game is just really hard to put down, I found myself constantly wanting to know more, kind of like binge-watching a really great show on Netflix... just... one... more... chapter...As far as the things I didn't find so engrossing... it's really all just nit-picking. The first-person controls in the free-roam segments are just kind of... functional. It took me a while to get used to the clunkiness, and I really dislike how the camera slows down to a crawl when you're panning across a door or interactable object. Also, this might just be a matter of personal taste, but a couple of the minigames during the trial segments of the game are a bit strange, and seem almost out of place at times... but they aren't so difficult or out-there as to substantially detract from the overall experience. You're playing this game for the story, not the mini-games.I can't think of any reason not to recommend this game to anyone who loves a suspenseful, morbid story and well-written characters. The contrast of the disturbing story and the candy-coated, psychadelic visuals really give this game it's own unique feel.Pros:- Engrossing, morbid story- Well-written, subversive characters- Interesting visual style- Superb pacingCons:- Clunky FPS segments- Some minigames seem out of place"
,Recommended,413410,22684346,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,beefsack,"Pheonix Wright meets Battle Royale, fairly basic visual novel / adventure game which grips you from very early."
,Recommended,413410,22685150,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,PASCAL,"8/10On just pure story and engagement alone this game would have been a perfect score for me. I thought the pacing was slow a few times but I would always find my patience rewarded by twists or insight into the story. This is a very engaging story that wrenches your heart as the characters grow on you. Even that elitist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Byakuya grew on me near the end. Most deaths you won't see coming, and every murder was a real mystery.My main complaint about this game will be relevant for some and a non issue with others. This is a port, and control wise for a port I thought it was pretty damn good! However, I noticed this issue where the difficulty of the game didn't scale no matter what option I chose, which lead to some really frustrating instances where I felt I was cheated out of progression in a trial due to funky mechanics being introduced at odd intervals in the game. Some could argue it was refreshing but I was entirely invested in the story and found this distracting from the immersion.Overall, this is a must buy if you want a truly narrative driven story. Excellent writing and rewarding even without that sandbox gameplay so many developers have moved towards!"
,Recommended,413410,22634860,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Googis,"I enjoyed this game.The gameplay is fairly simple, but the story is interesting.If you want difficult detective styled puzzles similar to the Ace Attourney series, this isn't your game.If you want a dating visual novel, this isn't your game."
76561198278781469,Recommended,413410,22642522,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,kawairashineko,"I like a game where I can think, but not put in too much action. So, this game let me turn up the mental requirements, and turn down the action levels, which is perfect! there's a lot to learn for the class trials, and sometimes it feels like it'll never end and just let you play, but it's overall a good game."
,Recommended,413410,22621933,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,grossedout5,"My reactions summed up by chapter:Prologue: Meh, OK I can see how this can be goodCh 1: Damn, that was pretty awesome!Ch2: *sniff* All the feels.... must remain a man and not cry.....Ch3: Heh, that was satisfyingly funny class trial.CH4: Wait, what?Ch5: WHAT THE F*** IS GOING ON??????Ch6: ULTIMATE YYYEEEEESS!!!!!Epologue: Aw, its over....*cries*10/10  Would feel all of the feels again"
,Recommended,413410,22633609,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,shribs,in the words of fuyuhiko kuzuryuu: please help
76561198118336576,Recommended,413410,22622488,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PersonaMidna,"Someone told me this game was like ace attorney with a darker story, so I had to play it. not going to lie was half expecting an objection, still the game is amazing, well written, memorable characters, I got a creepy sense of dread while playinig the gam, the music is pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥and well placed, the english and japanese voice acting is fairly great. there is only one downside to the game that I found while playing.... it ended.9/10 overall a well constructed game.for those who love any mystery solving game, or has played an ace attoreny/ professor layton game this game is completly worth checking out."
,Recommended,413410,23006392,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TheMightyEagle,"This is one of the best ""visual novel"" games that's not actually just a visual novel. Although that being said I have learnt a greater appreciation for the left click due to this game."
,Recommended,413410,22981572,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,AfroGamingFTW,"*SPOILERS*A battle between Hope and Despair. Trapped in a school, with a bunch of strangers, and being told to kill by a teddy bear.-Great Story-Beautiful Art-Detailed Characters- 10/10Danganronpa has one rule: Kill or be killed! A murder/mystery game where an average school boy (You), goes to the best school, Hope's Peak Academy. But something is wrong, you pass out, and when you come to, you meet the rest of the students, the ""Ultimates"". Now, you must uncover the mysteries that surround the school, while the bear taunts you into killing each other.I highly recommend this game if you love mysteries and detective work. Its really fun. But the truth, could lead to your own despair....#KyokoIsBae"
,Recommended,413410,22978595,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,悪 | Evil,"I may have been late for the party, but this game knows how to keep things interesting and engaging. I love all the characters (except monokuma) and it's challenging. Love the game. Recommend it."
76561198180354381,Recommended,413410,22999300,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Nephel,":/Honestly this game doesn't need a review at this point, not only because it has overwhelmingly positive on review scores in the steam store, but its great infamy as well.Before a brief overview, this game is story driven and hence will contain spoilers. I recommend those who like:a) Story-Driven Gamesb) Visual Novels like Phoenix Wrightc) Murder Mysteries... Like Phoenix Wrightd) Death GamesIf you hate any of those themes, then pass on this game.For those wondering about the dating sim aspect, IT IS A SKIPPABLE OPTION. SLEEP ON MAKOTO'S(Yours, the MC) BED,Story:Combining Murder Mysteries with a Death Game format, ending with a class trial, this feels like Judge, or Doubt, both relatively not well known manga featuring death games, crossed with Phoenix Wright for the class trial and its presentation, but it is much MUCH more than that.The story is DARK. It has a dark overarching theme of despair, but despite all the horrible events happening, you don't feel like drowning in depression, because of the occasional changes in tone to light hearted humor and hopeful events to ensure the game does not feel stale. Tone change is important in a Visual Novel to ensure the reader is in for the long haul, and Danganronpa nails tone change very well.Murder mysteries are very well written. From what I recall from memory, it obeys all of the laws of mystery writing. Though it may had been stretching the 'Coincidence must not solve a mystery' thing, I was willing to let it slide.The ending may be unsatisfying to some, but there are reasons. You have to understand that this game is a part of a Trilogy. There is a second game that is better in every way except the narrative, specifically the overarching relevance to the Hope's Peak Academy plot line. Then there is an anime covering the third part of the Hope's Peak storyline, coming out July-ish 2016, if no delays occur. So, you know, the ending of this game is in a way, sequel bait, but if it really irritates you that you need to spend money to see the ending, just stream the anime episodes on a secondary website, though I just recommend you streaming it legally, and skip the second game, though you would be miissing out on a great game.Gameplay:The game is split into 2 segments: Daily life, Deadly Life.Daily life is the part of the game between class trials and the next murder. Here, you expreience events like exploring the school, an entirely optional dating sim-like segment, though you get power-ups and character development if you do sit through it, and the events leading up to the next murder. It serves as the previously mentioned tone changer, and gives the player breaks between trials.Deadly life consists of investigation of a murder and the class trial. Investigation is self-explainatory, but unlike Phoenix Wright and other games, no forensics help here, even the 'autopsy reports' can be vague at important points. Class trial is where you equip power-ups and play a set of mini-games to solve problems or point out contradictions. Class trials are the best part of the game, and the mini-games are well done. And the endings of trials... The consequences... Well... Don't think. Just embrace and accept. It's part of the Danganronpa charm.The aftergame can be neglected, it's a management game at its core, and I stopped after I got the extra dialogue with my favourite characters, despite what my atrocious play time may tell you.Presentation:To lower the rating, blood is represented in bright pink, but in my opinion, this makes the murder scenes even more unnerving. The artwork is unique as far as I know, to only the Danganronpa franchise. The game is very stylish, and very artistically coherent, which is great.Audio:Amazing. Almost all of the BGM is gold. Voice acting is amazing too, in BOTH Japanese and English. I watched the anime of this game first(What got me into this game first), and still found the english Voice Acting enjoyable. In fact, I prefer the english dubbing.Overall:As a game, it is GREAT. Gameplay is present and is fun. And because it has gameplay, Danganronpa does not suffer the problem that other VNs have, engaging the player. Story is amazing, no doubt in my mind. Audio is good, some tracks still stick with me, I can hum the class trial contradiction spotting segemnt track at any time. And unless you dislike any Japanese anime art, Art is amazing too. If an arbitrary numerical score is needed, 9/10.As a Visual Novel? 10/10. No doubt. Top 3 VN series.Should you buy the second game? Yes. I couldn't wait after playing this and bought a Vita(Me wanting some Neptunia games and PDiva contributed) AND the second game. Be sure to watch the anime that concludes this plotline too!As a side note, when I played this game, I didn't have any technological issues, so unless that changed, buy this game."
,Recommended,413410,22335741,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mp*Raxxius,"I honestly expected to play a bit of this and then abandon the game.Instead, I found I just had to make my way through story mode. I am now officially behind on ... everything.The game is fantastic. It's twisted and creepy in all the right ways. It provided enough information that I would find myself solving the mysteries before the protagonist was dragged through the plot points, but it was clever enough that I couldn't be quite sure and was excited to find out if I was right or not.My primary nitpick would actually be the bullet mechanics of the trials. The rhythm game was also not fantastic - I'd find that the beats on the screen were not actually synched with the beats of the music track...Still, would absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,413410,22309838,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,|*AVDO*| Lord Owlton,"This game is so amazing, the story, the characters, the plot twists, the dispair, its all so amazing and fun, I will never be able to fully express my love for this game. The only down side are the english voices. The japanese voices are so much better, I dont understand how anyone can realy play this game with the english voices."
76561198070703612,Recommended,413410,22250659,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,lilnickf6,"Fell in love with a sexy wrestler.  That's all there is to really say..But in all seriousness, this game is fantastic, I highly recommend it to literally anyone (and if more people buy it, we get a Sakura game)"
,Recommended,413410,22285286,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Tear,"Really awesome game both story wise and gameplay wise, you should play it if you like investigation games.Otherwise...Upupupupu!Also because in Himōto! Umaru-chan there is a Danganronpa reference."
76561198072760014,Recommended,413410,22147690,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Team100000,"A game that I can't stop playing. The gameplay is fun and difficult at times, the story has plenty of twists and turns, and all the secrets and hidden things you can find in the monomachine and around the school is rewarding. This is a game definetly worth its price tag since you'll want to play it again and again, just make sure not spoil the story or you'll definetly be put on class trial."
,Recommended,413410,22184894,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Swed,WTF did i just finish?! Please play this game it is awesome and not only that but the English dub is really good despite being originally Japanese.
76561198169485098,Recommended,413410,22188053,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,machinimamage102,"NO SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEWDanganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is the most fun I've had with a story driven game in quite a while. It manages to be silly and serious at the same time, while adding in its own twists and turns to The Visual Novel Formula. Think of it as a mashup of Pheonix Wright, Battle Royale, and Survival of the Fittest. The game will keep you on your toes with very unexpected twist and turn that the story takes. Also a word of advice, DO NOT up anything about the series, as I literally looked up the title of this game and I was spoiled by an image that google gave me which turned out to be a major plot spoiler. Despite this spoiler though, I am still getting a lot of enjoyment out of the game. Also, 30 dollars is an extremely appropriate for the game. So far I am about halfway through the came as I just completed Chapter 3 and I have three more chapters and I believe the epilogue to go and I have already spent about 15 hours into the game. Before the first 3 chapters there was a great prologue as well. So should you buy this game? Yes, if you are a fan of murder mysteries, Visual Novels, or just looking for a great story that will keep you on the edge of your seat and provide you with awesome unique characters and plot with very zany twists, then buy this game and enjoy it! I will be buying Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair as soon as it comes out on April 18 and also Danganronpa V3 (The Upcoming 3rd Game) Whenever that comes out in english as well!"
,Recommended,413410,22218661,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,There,"Danganronpa entertained me for over 40 hours now and I have just finished the main game. There is also  an alternate game mode called ""School Mode"" which provides mini games and alternate endings for each character. This game is definitely worth its price. Also if you like japanese voices, you can choose between japanese and english character voices via the in-game menue. Investigating and the Trial sessions were also a lot of fun. Very unique and interesting/crazy characters."
76561198102945279,Recommended,413410,22230652,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Torkbyte,is good one of the best visual novels it even has some  real game play  on the action secunces
,Recommended,413410,22213779,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Huey Yeng,"Nyohohoho.I'm just bloody lucky that I managed to not spoiled myself when the game was released on Vita back in 2014 (and I didn't watched the anime).The game is part Phoenix Wright, 999 and Hotel Dusk for those who have played said series on the Nintendo DS. As a whole package, the game is pretty lenghty as I clocked in 27 hours just for the main game. That is me already rushing through the game as fast as possible... with only one moment in the game that forces me to use GameFAQs.So if you're a fan of whodunnit game and managed to avoid reading/watching Young Detective Kindaichi and Detective Conan, the game plot is pretty solid although... it is pretty predictable for me.Just be warned though, the final ""boss"" battle is super draggy (around 2 hours) as the writer goes all out on beating around the bush once the final ""boss"" got revealed. Games like Phoenix Wright at least has a nice reveal of the actual culprit and tying everything up without dragging it unnecessarily.I didn't encounter any issues with the PC port except for the occasional frame drop when the game switch to another characters on screen.Also the game runs at 60FPS with up to 16x MSAA for jaggy-free despairful gameplay nyohohoho."
,Recommended,413410,22208289,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,>:3 Destro[A]nt,"This game is actually amazing,If it was possible to erase my memory so I can rexperience all the various emotions I felt while playing this game Iwould do it.I highly recommend it for anyone who is even slightly curious about trying a visual novel game.  If you think this game looks interesting you will probably enjoy it!10/10 would play agian and recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,413410,22208397,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Butt Salad,"I played it on and off for about three weeks, until I reached the halfway point. Then I beat the rest of it in a single sitting.  What a glorious use of my Friday evening!"
,Recommended,413410,22151713,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,merry trootsmas,lmao i bought a pstv for this franchise and now look what they're up totime to shell out more of my money and not eat anything for the next few months!!
76561198024905215,Recommended,413410,22385637,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Hunted Wumpus,"This is more of a visual novel than a game. You spend most of your time reading text. If that's not your cup of tea, I don't think this game is for you. However, it's a very good visual novel. The characters are well developed ( If you bother to talk to them all ) and it's a very good story. The gameplay parts mixed in are also quite fun as well. It's mainly minigames, but they fit in well with the rest of the game.I watched the anime before I played this. I knew the exact cases for each class trial, and what happened in them, yet the game was still very enjoyable. There is a lot more detail than the anime concerning the relationship between characters, and developed the story better.10/10 would waste more than a day on this again."
76561198031934444,Recommended,413410,22376914,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Zafir,A must play for any visual novel fan.
,Recommended,413410,22374676,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,DewyHQ,"If you've enjoyed the Anime and haven't played the game. Buy this game immeadiately.The game gives you the full experience and it has altered my opinion of the anime greatly, as I now know why many people think that it was rushed.""But the anime is better...""""No That's Wrong!"""
,Recommended,413410,22901910,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,"Sort Yourself Out, Bucko","Social elements of Persona where friends give you abilities; logic and argumentation-based trials of Phoenix Wright; psychological thriller mystery like Zero Escape. Some of the Whodunnit aspects are predictable and some conversations are just a couple minutes too long, but overall a really rad visual novel."
,Recommended,413410,22853600,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Waxinlyrical,"Imagine Ace Attorney crossed with Battle Royale. If that sounds at all intriguing to you, I'd heartily recommend DanganRonpa.Only minor quibbles I have is that the pacing and the revelations of the last episode are somewhat of a letdown to me personally. Without going into spoilery details: There's a bunch of stuff they deemed unnecessary to actually explain, and most of it is so absurd it kills the suspension of disbelief for me.That said, I enjoyed my time with the game. There's also an excellent Japanese translation mod available that lets you experience the game in the original intended form."
76561198000066930,Recommended,413410,22929902,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,SF Phoenix,"Very interesting style of mystery game. Story starts with you as a student trapped in a school with a bunch of others and are told to kill one another in order to escape. You can take the time to get to know your fellow students and solve mysteries when murders happen.At first the debate class trials (where you try to find out who the killer is) will feel overwhelming, but soon you'll notice that they give you a lot of time, so there's no need to rush during the trials.Solid game, nice soundtrack and an intriguing story."
,Recommended,413410,22824890,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,GrhmCrackers,10/10 Sherlock Holmes ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on me.
,Recommended,413410,22821654,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Dragoon,A group of lucky students all with different talents and lifestyles get invited to become students of a prestigious school that has been in the past known to give great success. With its recent re-opening the soon to be classmates find themselves in life threatening situations and betrayal at Hopes Peak Academy.
,Recommended,413410,22843053,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,YouAreMyPlebs,"It's a great game. But if you've watched the anime beforehand, there is no reason you can't play this on ""Mean"" difficulty. Nearly every scenario is played out verbatim via the anime. However, I highly suggest playing this to become the real otaku...and also the stepping stone to the sequal game."
,Recommended,413410,22891188,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,morgueboy666,"both Danganronpa games are totally worth picking up and I have replayed the first several times before getting it on steam and I often recommend them to friends. Try to avoid spoilers and the show until you have played through the game all the way tho, because it will be much more fun that way."
76561198265240523,Recommended,413410,22749264,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,desBear,Amazing story and I haven't even finished the game yet. Worth each cent
,Recommended,413410,22869562,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Digital Fairy,"Interesting characters, compellingly opressive world and fantastic music.This is a game you want to play if you wanna devote a lot of time and emotions to.The court mechanics are really innovative and keep you on your toes as you have to think about the appropriate responses as you analyse the evidence you have collected.Sakura is best girl. I will fight anyone who disagrees."
,Recommended,413410,22754287,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,JigglePuddz,"All the waifusssss.Though, I'm not sure which game has the better waifus, this one or Danganronpa 2.Gah.Anyway, the characters are great, and the cases are great.Play this one first before you set your hands on DR2.For donuts and cup noodles. Can you guess my favorite characters/waifus?!:>"
76561198220794005,Recommended,413410,22754363,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,_x_senpai_x_,I 100% recommend this game. It was my first anime styled game that I've played. And personally I do not enjoy action packed gaming but this THIS this is the perfect amount of just everything. It has a complex plot that the further you play into the game the better your understanding is. I loved playing through the game...sure sometimes walking around the hallways I found it bare and un...well high school like. Other than that...I LOVED THIS!Unique charactersGreat graphicsBeautiful artworkCaptivating plotwhere you could you go wrong?
,Recommended,413410,22747644,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,RedDiamond002,"I've had this game for under a week and I've already spent 23 hours on the thing.I've played the PSVita version multiple times and I'm a big fan of the series. Seeing it on steam was a suprise, since I've been out of the loop on Danganronpa news recently, but it workes suprisingly well. I love it.It's a long game, mind you. I'm around half way through and I'm 23 hours in. It's well worth the time, though. It has a compelling and griping story, really well-developed characters and, of course, amazing gameplay (exept for the Bullet Time Battle, that sucks). It's definitely worth playing.The majority of the story is told through reading text and dialogue, so if you're not into Visual Novel stuff then this probably isn't the game for you, but if you're in any way interested in the game then I'd urge you to try it out."
,Recommended,413410,22520975,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ryrane,There are TWO traps in this.
,Recommended,413410,22700774,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,APOO,"Pro: The controls are well optimized for keyboard + mouse.Pro: Overwhelmingly amazing stories.Con: The 2D sprites (including fonts!) remained 540p quality. Higher resolutions such as 1080p applies only to 3D backgrounds.Con: Player cannot choose yes/no when saving/loading, since the options are listed horizontally, instead of vertically elsewhere.亮点：键盘鼠标操作设计得非常棒！亮点：非常精彩的剧情。缺点：2D画面（甚至包括字体）仅仅是540p的清晰度。设置更高的分辨率（例如1080p）仅仅是让3D背景获益。缺点：存盘读盘时的yes/no选择不能用鼠标进行，因为游戏中可以用鼠标选择的地方一般是上下排列，而这里是左右排列。"
,Recommended,413410,22697674,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Consistent K,I wish they made paper dolls for each of these games! It would be perfect!
76561198138212465,Recommended,413410,22633388,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Chronos Rose,"The plot is very far-fetched, the characters are so quirky I couldn't help but giggle, and sometimes the antagonist would say something quite insightful about human nature. I love this game.""If murder is evidence of abnormality, then all of history's greatest heroes must have been abnormal. Sometimes the murders that people forgive are way more abnormal than the ones they don't!"" - Monokuma"
76561198102082367,Recommended,413410,22709436,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ArcKnight,"This game is SO GOOD! Despite the ridiculous issues I had in the trial sections(mechanically speaking) the game held me fast in its grips. It is a very compelling piece of narrative and a total blast to play detective and blow up people's arguments in court! I sort of wished I played the game on the easiest difficulty, though, as the added gameplay elements actually seemed to annoy me more than I felt they contributed to the overall experience.It was one of the best experiences I have had in a long time. I bought it on a whim, and was blown away.RecommendationIf you like having fun, then yes, play this. It's a very generic game in terms of gameplay but the focus is on the narrative and investigation/trials. These parts are so much fun that I just cannot recommend this enough to everyone.If you want to see the long-form of this I have it on my blog:http://akmediablog.blogspot.com/2016/04/danganronpa-trigger-happy-havoc-game.html"
76561198271107701,Recommended,413410,22796852,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SansDarel,"Do you want to know what it feels like to have all your friends die while having to stay emotionally strong to win a battle of wits? Then this is the game for you! Prepare yourself for ""Thrills! Chills! Kills!"" as you attempt to uncover the truth of your despairful situation before you're all killed. The game's unique soundtrack and whacky artsyle will immerse you in the game's setting, while the plot keeps you hooked as you try to discover the truth amidst a fog of lies and red herrings."
,Recommended,413410,24391273,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Scienter,please get these lewd suggestions of my front page
,Recommended,413410,24390390,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Zenotsukami^,Don't waste your time here reading reviews. Just go buy it. Right. Now.
,Recommended,413410,25329634,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,abaDURRR,whoaa
76561198052436238,Recommended,413410,25704866,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Exodus342,"I really enjoy this game, it offers more than simply being quick with choices like some games, you really have to pay attention if you want to beat it."
76561198063547934,Recommended,413410,25762606,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ikari,"Firstly, if you are thinking of watching the anime instead of buying this game, don't do it.Buy the game, it will give you sooooooo much more than the anime.---------------------------------------------PROS+ addicting story+ so many different characters+ nice flow+ can choose which characters you get to know+ monokuma+ trials are intence as f*ck+ amazing music+ blood is pink+ everything is part of something biggerCONS- addiction"
,Recommended,413410,25734831,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,rorizen,"Made me despairGood puzzles, lots of fun twists."
,Recommended,413410,25759229,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,thesoundboy,"It's a visual novel. It's got gameplay too. It'll gross you out, make you laugh, keep you on your toes. It's fun, pretty, weird, well written, entertaining. It's got an all-powerful robot bear named Monokuma that you'll never forget. The blood is HOT PINK! It's anime AF. If that sounds good, you'll love it. If you've rolled your eyes at ANY POINT in reading this, don't bother.But come on, HOT PINK BLOOD, right? BRILLIANT!(srsly tho, it's awesome sauce)"
,Recommended,413410,25814991,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,redz,loved it
,Recommended,413410,25777388,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ArcticWolf,"I'm just finishing up this game and I have thoroughly enjoyed it each step of the way. I'm a sucker for murder mysteries, so I've been wanting to give this game a shot. I had a lot of fun figuring out the mysteries for myself and even being wrong when plot twists came up. I absolutley recommend buying this game and I'm looking forward to playing the sequel.Pros:-The mysteries are never straightforward, but not crazy enough that you can't figure out ""who dunnit""-This soundtrack is incredible-Lots of unique characters each with their own storyCons:-I felt a little limited by the fact that the game is scripted. I couldn't commit any murders and I never felt in any ""danger"" at any point in the game because I just figured I'd make it till the end-The trial process is really thurough. It's not really bad, but you end up going thorough the entire murder story several times"
76561198123371404,Recommended,413410,25785575,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Teresa,Worth the money!
,Recommended,413410,25776904,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Red Dragon Empress,10/10 would despair againAlthough I cry that I cannot join my favourite character Enoshima Junko in covering the world in despair. T_T
,Recommended,413410,25696851,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Victorique Ibara,The moment a character's backstory hits a little too close to home and you have to stop playing for a few hours...
,Recommended,413410,25736295,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,無限の剣製,"This game's plot is almost the same with the first season of the anime, which is soooo cool to me getting the personal experience of the anime story"
76561198324591547,Recommended,413410,25732076,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Higeki,HOPE!!!
,Recommended,413410,25711924,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Smartnik,"Pretty entertaining detective game. Most characters are interesting and fun to talk to and the murder puzzles are varied and inventive (although sometimes the murders and the solutions don't make perfect sense). Also the music is surprisingly good and catchy, especially considering that the tracks are short loops; reminds me a lot of Persona. As long as you can ignore how utterly stupid and nonsentical the story is there's a lot to enjoy in this game."
,Recommended,413410,25720811,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Arcana Rush,What a great game! Awesome character designs and engaging story. Each chapter was a thrilling ride!
,Recommended,413410,27148744,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Bringer of Honey,"Phoenix Wright meets the Hunger Games (for better and worse), fed on a loaded spoon."
,Recommended,413410,27218225,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spooky-King of Salt,Let's all agree Hifumi is the Ultimate Sexy Man.
,Recommended,413410,27225103,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strongkwon,I picked this game up on a whim after hearing chatter about it and good lord am I glad I did. I initially didn't think I would have the patience to play something like it as I am not particularly familiar with the Visual Novel genre but the writing was both brilliant and hilarious at times. Well worth a look if you're curious
,Recommended,413410,27139751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gaw,iiiiiiiiit'spunishment time!
76561198049422031,Recommended,413410,24431414,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,D.Vadka,"As a fan of both the murder mystery and visual novel genres, I LOVED this game.  It's basically a more intense/active version of Phoenix Wright, with more focus on the relationships between characters.  Great cast of characters, gripping story with several twists, and great art too!  Each case does take a while and I can't imagine the time a completionist would have to put into this game to get all of the items/abilities/achievements, but this game is a great fit for those who enjoy a good mystery and thrilling story."
,Recommended,413410,24750472,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SickB,What if Phoenix Wright was written by a Crazy Psycho Maniac?=> DanganronpaCan´t wait to play Part 2.If you like Phoenix Wright or Zero Escape (same Dev) you have to buy this.
76561198091329387,Recommended,413410,24715633,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Lazeran,10/10 must play
76561198108058294,Recommended,413410,25221442,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,FACES OF SPADES,"great story, and something diffrent."
76561198072093224,Recommended,413410,25192781,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sleepyly,"One of the best games i have played so far, a visual novel-ish game very similar to Ace Attorney but much more intense and packing horror elements.You play as Makoto naegi the ""ultimate lucky student in his first day at Hope peak academy, a school for people with ""ultimate talents"" wich garantees a bright future for each of its students.Suddently you find yourself trapped inside the school when a teddy bear monokuma offers freedom for a very high price.The rules are simple you kill someone you are free but you got to pass through a class trial and not get convicted. if you get caught you are brutally executed, else everyone is executed and you are free.Now about the game itself, the characters are well built and the story well told, graphics are first class and you got a good gameplay time.the trial system is intense differently from AA you got to shoot the evidence at the statements at the time they appear and then they will appear again in order,also there is a time limit for you to complete the trial else you will fail.There are also some minigames included in the trial such as hangmans gambitwich is a hangman like game in wich each error reduces your remaining time.Besides the trial you can explore the whole school and talk to your clasmates plus having the opportunity to interact with them and improve your relationship with then wich will also allow you to gain skill you can use during the trial.Im not the best with reviews but in short its an AAA game in every aspect you will not want to stop playing until you are finished with it"
76561198213701785,Recommended,413410,24788630,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,kimivo,Worth
,Recommended,413410,25101240,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kam.exe,"This is actually like, my favorite game that I've played. it has great horror elements and the characters are really interesting. The story itself is lovely, you get to control your character and make choices, participate in trials, and watch as a stuffed bear causes your friends to murder eachother and then be brutally executed."
,Recommended,413410,25105228,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,":"">",1 of the best games I have ever played. Great story. Highly recommended !!
76561198260786933,Recommended,413410,25060068,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Fwenk,"Great game, definitely worth your time if you're into VNs."
,Recommended,413410,25085422,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,I3rok3n Sword,This is an amazing game from start to finish!
76561198227931596,Recommended,413410,25032384,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dr_Delicious70,"This is an incredibly solid game, that I'd reccommend to anyone, although, the second game is better and longer, so when you do complete this game, you have that to look forward to.The number one thing that makes this game exciting is the mystery aspect of it. You have to solve cases of your friends being murdered and you'll be given a lot of clues, some of which seem completely bizarre. I highly suggest writing down all of the clues and I spent a good thirty minutes before the trial just trying to wrap my head around the case and figure out whodunnit. I actually accurately guessed the killer for every murder except one, although I never once got all of the details right in the case, I just happen to be a good judge of who could've done it and who's acting weird. Those are two questions I would suggest you try to answer while investigating because it can really help you pick the right suspects. It's important that you listen to everything the characters say so you can get a feel for what type of people they are.In terms of characters, the characters are not as good as the ones in the next game, but I would always have one or two people that I felt a connection with. That was one thing that held the game back. Also, the second games story is twice as long, for my playthrough.The plot of the game has a lot of interesting twists and turns that create an atmosphere that is very immersive. Everytime someone dies in this game, you do react to it. I cannot count the number of times, in both games, that I've walked into a room, seen a corpse, and literally gasped. They do a good job at shocking you throughout the plot. The best reveal is at the end when they show who the mastermind of the killings was. The surprise does not fall short and I'm so proud of myself for noticing the clue that lead me to guess the correct mastermind before the trial. This game is very similar to my favorite book, And Then There Were None, so it's not hard for me to place this game and it's sequel in the top tiers of my favorite games. Whoever decided to bring Danganronpa to steam is going to make a mint off of me from the future sequels of this series."
76561198123466401,Recommended,413410,25032832,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Tilda ⋆ටᆼට⋆,what are you waiting for? BUY IT 10/10
76561198076476964,Recommended,413410,25027939,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,mchamy,One of the best games ive ever played tbh
76561198096738691,Recommended,413410,25020990,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Cthulhu,"Though the game might start out a bit slow. bear with the game, as it gets better."
,Recommended,413410,25156926,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Iron Scrub,"This game slurped up just over two full days of my life and I was so glad to find out another game exists.  Great plot, solid mysteries, and I got to pretend to be a detective!"
,Recommended,413410,24845246,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Scrommyboy,Its good
76561198064623423,Recommended,413410,24830749,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Fishman98,This game is one of the best games ever. If you like gd games this game is good. Really wanna see Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls come to steam new :3
,Recommended,413410,25010723,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Takishima,Outstanding. I hope they release Ultra Despair Girls in Steam
,Recommended,413410,24978551,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,t-shrt,"This game is amazing! 5/5. No joke.The storyline and the whole thrill of the game is so riveting (esp on certain parts), and will leave you holding onto ur sheets (or mouse), being unable to stop playing for extended periods of time.Some of the main aspects that I'm really pleased about are--first, the complexity of the mysteries themselves, and the level in which you can play this game in; which is neither too hard nor too easy (atleast for the mid-level option). Second, the large variety of characters within the game and their relationships with each other, and finally the stylistic elements (BGM, aesthetic, sound effects, animations, etc) within the game which really does elevate the feeling of excitement whilst you play it.Also, there's an option for Japanese voiceover with English subs, and the VAs/seiyuus in this game are among the most sought after/popular seiyuus in Japan! If you're familiar with anime, you might've come across them at some point. So obviously, the voice acting is more than great.This game was worth every penny I spent on it, the Japanese has really got their games on point doe :')"
,Recommended,413410,24984526,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,macguffinman,"If the trailer grabs your attention in the slightest, get this game. It's chock-full of excellent writing, gameplay, music, and artwork. Especially the music and artwork - this game bleeds style. Oh, and the English voice acting is pretty top-notch for a visual novel translation.I have exactly one qualm with this game, and it's with the Bullet Time Battles - a part of the class trials that puts emphasis on rhythm. For some reason, I'm convinced that the game isn't actually synced to the music, which caused me to fail multiple times when it takes away the visual cues. It's a small price to pay for experiencing the rest of the game, though."
,Recommended,413410,22400110,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,RyanMelaugh,"Buy it,just buy it now."
,Recommended,413410,22405516,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Synesthesia,"I ended up playing this game with one of my friends who came over and started watching it 2 chapters in, and he got invested enough that he came back throughout the week to watch me play through the rest.While relatively linear, the plot-centric game is engaging enough and the murders are elaborate enough to more than make up for it. Disclaimer - you should not buy this game if you're someone who likes to skip dialogue (this game is like 80% dialogue).I thought of this game as more of a ""tv show"" experience than anything else, which is kind of nice if you're looking for something to relax and play without being too technically demanding. That being said, you do walk around and interact with characters, and the evidence-gathering + trial elements added an enjoyable aspect.Without giving too much away, the plot made me want to play as much as possible and I beat it in just a few days, the same way I'd read a good book. Plot twists are added pretty regularly as more areas are unlocked over time The characters are all pretty unique and have their own backgrounds that come into play in the murders as well.My only complaint is the lack of replayability since all the twists are sorta only surprising the first time around, but there is an alternate game mode that unlocks after you beat the normal storyline (which I haven't explored yet). Very excited to try the sequel when it comes out."
76561198027450411,Recommended,413410,22405375,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,velack14,i got into these series a very long time ago i heard of the games and thought nothing of it till the anime for the games came out i enjoyed the anime and was happy to here the games coming to pc so of course i bought the game and really enjoyed playing and try getting all ending a 100 complete it i love the series and i hope they do and all the games for pc the second is soon to come out and i hope the add the another episode and 3 to come out pc along with the next anime to it on tv soon i always do play the japenses one cause the english anime and anime games sort of kill it for me i love the japenses voiced and english subs but all in all this is worth the money to get and the seond one also so i encourge you to get them all if they all reach to pc
76561198098013437,Recommended,413410,22475162,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,speedor1001,"I love anime. I saw the anime for this game and stuff about it at conventions. I knew it was a investigation/trial game, but it incorporated so many mechanics that made it very original compared to more linear games (e.g. Ace Attorney) with things like truth bullets and Hangman's gambit."
,Recommended,413410,22491484,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,$60 too much,Chihiro is Besto
76561198087511359,Recommended,413410,23127572,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AnDroQleZ,"I really like this game, the only thing i didn't like was that the execution music was changed to another, which bothered me"
,Recommended,413410,23103235,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Yeahboyi,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! I didn't know if I liked the game or not until the first death, then I was hooked from then on"
,Recommended,413410,23031329,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Donald J. Trump,Good game so far from what i've seen
,Recommended,413410,23029623,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Pfhor,"This is a top notch visual novel with a good spread of interesting characters that will die gruesome deaths and make you feel terrible. The setup is legitimately upsetting, and it might be too much for some, but it's also endlessly compelling. After the setup prologue where you meet the characters, they will start murdering each other. Each murder you encounter will lead to an investigation, where you point and click to gather clues about who could have possibly killed one of your friends. After you gather up all the clues, you go into the class trial, where most of the interactive portions of the game take place.  Point out contradictions, present evidence, play a rhythm game (????), find the killer. Some of the minigames are better than others (hangman gambit is awful), but they do a good job of empowering the player, lots of nice sounds when you correctly get a contradiction, and your character yells appropriately. The game could probably work without the minigames, but I say it makes the experience better overall.There is a particular case I found to be super troubling though, in ways that were intended and most likely unintended. I will be talking about my reactions to Case 2 in spoiler tags, if you are interested in hearing about it.In Case 2, Chihiro is found dead. This was unspeakably horrifying to me, he is far and away my favorite character. I was devastated, and that's fine, that's an intended response to seeing one of your favorite characters dead. As the case went on, the game pulls the standard anime trope where everyone finds out the ""girl is actually a guy"". As soon as the students find this out (a really uncomfortable scene in itself), they immediately switch to male pronouns and start wondering why Chihiro basically ""lied to them"". On the surface, this really seems like they found a dead transgendered person and immediately concluded deception. Now, it turns out Chihiro had his own reasons for dressing up as a girl, as explained when the case ends, and in school mode he quite clearly states ""I am a guy"", so he's not really transgendered or anything. However, none of these students except Mondo (who didn't want to say anything because he was the killer) knew that, they just immediately thought he was tricking them. Also important, the player doesn't know this until then either, and the student's responses to figuring out his ""real gender"" really upset me in a way I don't think was intended. On another note, Chihiro is incredible, he even had a part to play after he died.Between the cases, there's the story sequences in the ""daily life"" segments, and more traditional VN stuff in the ""Free time"" sequences. During these parts of the day you talk to your classmates, give them gifts, learn about what makes them tick, and level up your relationships with them. Unfortunately this part of the game is completely separate from the main story, nothing you do or say in the free time segments will affect any dialog in other parts of the game. It also seems really tacked on, the gifts you get don't really make sense, the skills you get from it aren't meaningful (the game is really easy), the important character moments are still held back because they are saved for the plot twists in the main story. On the bright side, the characters are good enough that the bonus backstory and interactions you get from these sequences is worth going for. I just really wish it was all better integrated into the full game.Still, this game is pretty rad. It has one of the most satisfying and inspirational endings with just the right amount of ambiguity, full of great anime monologues from the outstanding main character. The overarching mystery is pretty much perfectly executed, the individual trials are compelling, and it turned me into a crying mess of emotions (happy tears sometimes too). If you can take the upsetting initial premise, you are in for a treat."
76561198126343048,Recommended,413410,23074098,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Dolphin,Such a fantasic story.If your thinking about getting this game just buy it
,Recommended,413410,24652417,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Dlordz,"Short ReviewMarvelous storyline, rich character development, one of a kind game mechanics.  My only regret was that i left it at my library before picking it up half a year later.Picked it up during a steam sale at 50% off the original price.  It took me more or less 25 hours to finish the game excluding the time spent afk and all that.  For those who can't be bothered to skim through dialogues, there's an animated version of this game.  Although the experience you get from the game won't be the same (played through the game and watched the anime after).  The game has actual gameplay and 'free time' to keep you from getting bored mid-way through the story.I'd say the story picks up after the first trial, the start of the second case.  The first trial was a mere child's play with the biggest clue shoved right infront of your face.  I guess it serves as an insight to the story as you progress further.  So be patient.  Your second trial gets more complex, then third, fourth, etc.  I don't want to spoil too much, but I must say trials can be pretty confusing sometimes (Bullet Time Battles especially).  Props to this guy forspoiler free demonstration.This game was originally for PS VITA so controls may be different.tl;drWorth it?Yes definitely!Full price or Discounted price?Discounted price if you have the chance, I'd still buy it for full price though.Anime/ Visual Novel?Definitely VN, watch the anime after and see why.Rating?10/10"
76561198045950573,Recommended,413410,24526599,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Austin,"Obviously it's more of a visual novel than an actual game but if you're looking for a good story with mystery and suspence this is a great option. My only complaint is the ""free time"" gameplay just seems like a way to extend the game and is unncessary to the plot. The game recommends not skipping it but I found myself doing just that most of the time. Other than that, it's a great game with an engaging plot, humor and phenomenal voice acting."
76561198061198349,Recommended,413410,24594199,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,iplaynaked,Its awesome. Play it!!
76561198048801946,Recommended,413410,25847661,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,N0S0u1,"Loved it! Dynamic and original trials with its lot of plot twists. Although the first murder doesnt pose much of a challenge, everything happening in order to get there is really interesting, the trials as well as the story got me completely hooked in no time. Cant wait for the sequel to come out on steam!!!"
,Recommended,413410,25843761,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,A Sexy Orange,"A great game, easily one of the best VNs I've played too. Solid mystery and what little gameplay there is (during investigations and trials) is great too."
76561198048379877,Recommended,413410,25845093,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Eis,I REALLY ENJOYED  finishing my first Visual Noveli couldn't stop playing.
76561198047401442,Recommended,413410,25826305,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Narmalion01,+
,Recommended,413410,25829470,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Izanami,This is one of the best games I have ever played. I can't really say much more without spoiling it.
,Recommended,413410,25984898,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Ponka Po,"Found a waifu.  She died horribly.Found another waifu, she was a guy (still my waifu though) then died horribly.10/10 Don't get waifus because they'll die.  Just like real life.Just play endless school mode like me and pretend that everyone lives until they die of old age."
,Recommended,413410,25879162,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SiegeCJ,"What an experience this was! I've played all the Ace Attorney games and they're some of my favorites, but this was just something else. Great story, good emotional twists, interesting characters (for the most part), and it's just a non-stop roller coaster that doesn't slow down for anything.If you're into visual novels, murder mysteries, and a damn good story...this is highly recommended."
76561198026665286,Recommended,413410,25896830,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Butt-stallion,"Toko fukawa is best waifu,fight me."
76561198112042987,Recommended,413410,26050619,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,GamingGodAkantra,"All right, let's start with negatives:1st things first if your not a fan of the Japanese visual novel style, you are probably going to find it hard to get through.  This game, although having actual game mechanics, is classified as a visual novel.  And carries a lot of the troupes that come with this Identifier.2nd thing is the curve of play.  It will take you hours to get through one level as dialouge is incredibly important in the visual novel format.  Most of your play time will consist of speaking with the in game characters.  There is no way around this unless you've played the game before.Now the positives, the Story is fun; name another game in which you are tasked by your school principal (who is a Robotic Teddy Bear) to kill your classmates to graduate; and then hold a trial for the deceased where you will execute the perpetrator if he/she is caught, and if not all of you will be executed in their stead.  This game is the definition of weird, but it's so wierd that it becomes entertaining.  Every character has their own quirks and perosnalities that bring them to life.  Every character you hang out with during free time gives you different skills and more power.This game is reminicent of Persona in the way it plays (aside from the RPG elements), splitting its game sequences up into 2 (in this game 2.5 parts) in system called Daily Life, in which you are free to do what you want (but speaking with classmates is a must if you even want to beat the game), and Deadly Life, in which you investigate the death of your classmate and then present the evidence gathered during the class trial (thats the .5 part).  The game has several difficulty levels and each level of difficulty adds more and varying obstacles (somethimes an unfair amount of them) to challenge both your reflexes and your ability to make decisions under pressure.If your looking for a fun murder/mystery, with some ridiculous characters, a kill happy mascot, and a levle of difficulty that you yourself can control, then this is a must add game to your Library.  Have fun, and feel the Des""Bear.""  Ouch that pun hurt."
,Recommended,413410,26044510,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,deathbyturtles,"Lots of twists that are really unexpected and the flow of the story really kept me on edge. Unlike other similiar games, Danganronpa didn't give me any gameplay that bored me, because all the characters are loveable too (I love Togami and Kirigiri the most)."
76561198026244999,Recommended,413410,27244206,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ultimate Despair Neava,Rip Waifus
,Recommended,413410,27249484,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TIMISI,Fun game if you enjoy deteticive style games or visual novels.
76561198044537118,Recommended,413410,27334578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YouCanCallMeGinger,"This game is an amazing cocktail made of murder mysteries, drama, social interaction and a cute mechanical bear.I'm a big fan of figuring out mysteries for myself without the game pushing all the right answers at me, this game lets you choose between ""beating"" the game on your own or with a little help so it's also good for people who like the murder mystery but don't want to overcook their brains to much ;)"
,Recommended,413410,27304360,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Robin,Worth every penny
,Recommended,413410,27327014,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,『daantai』,"This game is brilliant. Fantastic story, fantastic gameplay, fantastic characters, everything is amazing. One of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,413410,30935999,Posted: 3 April,all,Doge of Venice,"Definitely one of the best Visual Novels I've played. The characters are all memorable, the gameplay is rewarding, and the story is filled with twists and turns."
76561198035702453,Recommended,413410,27321865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,InkheartNZ,"Prepare to hear 'Mukuro Ikusaba, the 16th student, the one they call Ultimate Despair, watch out for her.' many more times than you want to."
,Recommended,413410,27171220,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kevbot 9000,"The controls can be a it screwy, PSP port with japanese ideals will do that. Felt like a dark Phoenix Wright"
76561198008716718,Recommended,413410,27142725,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nip Devil,"There's definetly something that sticks with you once you've beaten this game.The story is pretty good, on par if not better with 999 or virtue's last reward.The trials require logic skills, but it's more arcade like in comparison to phoenix wright. It's not really fair to compare the two. This is a very unique experience.The temptation is just to explode into paragraphs of praise, but I'll just end it saying that this is an easy recomendation, especially if you like logic games."
,Recommended,413410,27232051,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yakeno,"This game is a really unique visual novel, as all the other Danganronpa games, which mixes a thrilling mystery, extravagant characters and entertaining gameplay; do yourself a favor and buy this bizzarre gem to start enjoying the series!"
,Recommended,413410,30933783,Posted: 3 April,all,Tanner Needs Sleep,"Wow...There's shock twists, and then there is the neverending rollercoaster of shock that is Danganronpa.And apperently... that was just the first chapter 0_0"
76561198051166215,Recommended,413410,22501097,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Shikabane Hime,"One of the best and most enjoyable games i have ever played. Its  a fantastic thriller visual novel.It has:- Fantastic voice acting. (i played it on Japanese audio)- One of the best OST i have ever seen in a game, the music is really good.- Fantastic and loveable characters.- Excellent cases.- A fantastic plot with many twists and a good finale.- One of the best villains i have ever seen on anything.- Easy and enjoyable to play.- It also has another mode to play after you finish it and many thing to collect like artwork and presents.I cant wait to play the second one! Im in love with its lore!EDIT: I played the second one and it was at some parts better than the first one. I highly recommend both of them!"
76561198057268751,Recommended,413410,27369538,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Baretta Bob,Good game to play much fun
,Recommended,413410,27371995,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,blokops,Great game with great storyprotip: dont get attached to any character :(
,Recommended,413410,27370201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Indigon,"Don't worry, no spoilers here. :)Note: disregard the ""horror"" tag on this game, I have absolutely NO idea why it's there.I never really got into viual novels until I picked this up off the store, and I probably would have passed over it completely if I had bothered to look at the tags. Luckily for me, I only looked at the trailer and a few reviews. While this was probably a very dumb way to reach a decision, it turned out to be the right one.Many people will criticize narrative based games because (in some cases) there wasn't really a reason for them to be a video game, they could have just as easily been a book. While this could have in theory been made into a book, and actually WAS made into an anime (which sucks compared to this), it uses the fact that it is a video game to it's advantage in ways that you couldn't really do in a book. For example, during sections of the game, you can go around and have conversations with the different characters and get to know them better, and since you can't possibly figure out everything about everyone in a single playthrough (you can't even come close), this gives you agency and lets you decide what characters you want to look deeper into.Taking the time to really get to know these characters is more rewarding than it may seem at first, because none of these people are nearly as one-dimensional as they seem (yes, even hifumi . . .)This game has a lot of wtf moments, but they're the good type . . . most of the time, other times there really just aren't words to describe it.If you don't like visual novels, or think that they have no place in video games, then this one shouold sell you on them."
76561198053790182,Recommended,413410,27343823,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wecanrock1,"The game is so much better than the anime (don't watch it after playing the game x_x). Not as good as the second game, but still, pretty original and fun."
76561198061058876,Recommended,413410,26973485,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,withmatt,"Although you do have some freedom to walk around, investigate, and solve the case in the trial, this is pretty much a visual novel that combines high school life, anime style graphics, and a battle royale-esque lone survivor mentality.After each murder, you and your classmates have to find the killer or you will all die. Some of the characters are quite friendly and likeable. Try not to get too attached though...Even if you are not a huge fan of visual novels, this game is great for its unique (ok, sometimes they fall into cliche) characters and crime-solving aspects.11/10 would send my classmates to the electric chair again."
,Recommended,413410,26976656,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phantom,"One of my favorite games on the Vita, now avaliable on PC. I can now get to see my friends die twice"
76561198058014562,Recommended,413410,30924757,Posted: 3 April,all,Joedcomp,"I novel played a Visual Novel style game before, but based on some friends recommendation, I thought I check out Dangan Ronpa.  There is apparently an anime out, but based on what I heard, you don't get to know the characters as well in the anime (Haven't seen it yet, but I might check that out later).Over all, I really enjoyed the game. The Mystory and story is very ingrossing, with a lot of surpised twist. Some Twist go into crazy Anime Twist, but that wasn't an issue for me. The character also had a lot of depth to them as well, which was surpising since many I figured I wouldn't like or some I peg as being one of the murderers.Definitely worth checking out. If you are on the fence, maybe wait for a sale, but I think it’s worth the full price."
,Recommended,413410,27016699,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ice,"Having first played this on Vita, it was a nice refresh to play it on the PC. This game gives you what the anime cannot."
,Recommended,413410,27023792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Unlocked,This game is amazing. The story is great. The gameplay is great. Everything about it is great. Buy it today.
76561198021358923,Recommended,413410,26416282,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Great Cabbage Thief,"If you liked Phoenix Wright, you'll probably enjoy this.The plot is kinda cool and doesn't cease to surprise throughout the game. Very linear, which is a tad annoying at times, but overall linearity didn't feel like a detriment to the game.Trials, which are the most fun part of the game, feel tense and powerful.Don't expect complex gameplay, it's a visual novel after all.Music is great in my opinion, I enjoyed it a lot. Same goes for the characters.Voice acting is mostly limited to cutscenes and trials, the quality of it is on par.Also, the game is pretty long. A single chapter can take as long as 5 hours. However it's not required to sit through a chapter in one sitting, the game does an alright job splitting chapters into segments."
,Recommended,413410,26726850,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,tamago0o,"- A Detective Visual Novel in its essence but plays with multi-genre gameplay;- Story is good, writing is generally very nice but stumbles upon some very forced turns;- Characters are intentionally designed as walking tropes and at times take very ironic and funny stances;- Chapters are somewhat lengthy, also investigating + trial procedures may get draining to the player due to reading back-and-forth along with the different gameplay mechanics;- Overall easy to follow and uncover, difficulty selection only affects certain gameplay mechanics;- Japanese audio being patched recently was honestly such a blessing because the english dub is super cringeworthy (as usual).It is like Ace Attorney's dark teenage cousin. Not as polished but a little more playful."
,Recommended,413410,26059063,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Leaf,"うぷぷぷぷ...So, let me get this straight, the only reason (other than Persona 4 Golden) to get a PS Vita is now on Steam... and not just for Windows, but Linux and Mac as well? Am I dreaming?Danganronpa is one of the better visual novels I've played. It wears it's influences on it's sleeve, being heavily inspired by Persona and the Ace Attorney series (the Japanese dub even refers to the class trials as gyakuten saiban). If you're a fan of either of those, this is definitley worth checking out. It's also got a lot of gameplay compared to most games in it's genre, so don't be put off by thinking you'll only be reading.Being a murder mystery game that relies heavily on subverting player expectations, it is also incredibly easy to spoil. If you're at all interested, don't go looking up anything about the game. Just play it. You won't regret it.Oh, and it's soundtrack is to DIE for. Seriously one my favorite soundtracks of all time."
76561198015166669,Recommended,413410,25976672,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,bravePLM,"Intriguing story, despite the premise being a tad unoriginal. Imagine it as a mix of Phoenix Wright and the film Battle Royale. Definitely worth the 35 hours I put into this."
,Recommended,413410,25976843,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MattyBoy,"Genuinely one of the most entertaining stories I've ever seen, and the most fun I've had experiencing a video game in years.I was hooked from the first few character interactions, and after playing over 50 hours of the game, it's well worth the price of admission.If you like figuring out impossible scenarios, solving crimes, and the ""whodunnit"" genre of mystery thrillers, you'll adore this game."
76561198153296029,Recommended,413410,26022103,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,eithi007,"If you like mysteries, death games, logic puzzles and cool artsyles, then this game is for you.Amazing story with amazing character designs, incredible soundtrack (that i bought immediatly after finishing it) and great length for a good price.Also, if you love VNs you will love this game.10/10"
76561198184427889,Recommended,413410,26497476,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Spooky Luna,"I really enjoyed this game the murders, the mystery, the whole concept of why and how the students were placed into the school. It had very well thought out story with realistic motives and actions for the students to do what they do. I would highly recommend this game to anyone interested in solving murder mysteries or problem solving games its not to challenging but also not a real ""walk in the park"" either. The mini games during the trials was about the only thing that ever glitched or messed up with me but i think that was cause of my system, keyboard, and mouse functions rather than the game itself. Awesome graphics, awesome characters, awesome game in my opinion."
,Recommended,413410,26563260,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,T.S. April (TheGameFreak),"Amazing! I had watched the anime before I played the game and loved it, but the game turned out to be 100 times better! Not only can you do more than it was shown in anime (of course, not very shocked) you also got have so many achievements to collect, so many things to explore, many cases to investigate AND A CRAZY MUCH MORE! So much mystery, much thrill, such wow!And interestingly, I am a type of person that usually does not play/do/watch things twice or more! I plan on replaying it over and over until I get so bored and finally start falling into despair! Puhuhuuuu..."
,Recommended,413410,26986913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hammock,"Danganronpa is best played ""blind"", but if you need an review to assure you before you spend your hard earned money, I'll give some pointers without giving away too much.Danganronpa is a story-driven, murder investigation, mystery game. Have you ever played Ace Attorney? Yeah, it's basically like that but with the insanity up to eleven. If you haven'tYou really should go play Ace Attorney, you're basically a detective trying to solve not only the successive murders that happen in the game, but also unveil the entire plot behind them. The story and characters are top notch, and sure to make you enthralled.It's an absolute must-play if you're into story-driven games, and at least worth a try if you aren't."
76561198042259929,Recommended,413410,24324491,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,SecretLumberjack,"If you like the Ace Attorney franchise, you will love this game."
,Recommended,413410,22850075,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,like 80 ninjas,"Really great game. It's got a nice murder mystery plot that does keep you guessing after the inital part of the game. Don't be put off by it being labeled a visual novel, it's not really a typical visual novel where all you do is read text. It's more of a point-and-click adventure game with some visual novel elements. The story takes about 20-25 hours to complete so long as your not rushing.On the downside, the controls aren't super intuitive, especially with M+K. Additonally, towards the end of the game there's a good bit of dialogue that flashes back to earlier parts of the story and it can get a bit annoying. If you're only playing for a bit each day then it's not quite as noticable but if you're doing a long play session it may be irritating.Overall, well worth a purchase if you like mystery/detective games."
76561198060946700,Recommended,413410,26828907,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Medusa seducer,"The best ""Villain most in need of a hug"" game. Not sure if that certain vilain character needs a hug tho. Probably. UPUPUPUPU"
,Recommended,413410,22260726,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Shuichi Saihara,"Good graphics,amazing mysteries, and enjoyable story and characters. Who could ask for more?I think this game is a great, and I would recomend whole heartedly that you play it!"
,Recommended,413410,26907310,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Totenkreuz,"I went into this blind and I'm glad I did, it's a fun compelling story that knows when to make you laugh, when to make you think and when to get serious. Don't get too attached to anyone because regret usually follows."
76561198050921541,Recommended,413410,25971544,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Kurinteh,I spoiled the entire game for myself and was still surprised.10/10 would play again and again.
,Recommended,413410,25879733,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Neiko,Really nice mystery game.
,Recommended,413410,26072991,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Real KCT,"Half visual novel, half Phoenix Wright inspired gameplay with the aesthetical trappings of Atlus's Persona series.An engaging & well written story with an interesting spectrum of characters & plenty of unforeseen plot twists. The only negative part of the experience being a rather too outlandish ending chapter, which is saying a lot for a very kooky game to begin with.Definitely worth checking out if you have been curious about any of Chunsoft's portable series or for the same matter are looking for more of the spot the contradiction based gameplay that Phoenix Wright made popular in the west."
76561198068253325,Recommended,413410,26035288,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,techlink,I had not tried a visual-novel type game before. I very much liked the game. It had a nice rythm with a mix between a compelling story and mini-games.
,Recommended,413410,26035805,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Beibin,"Great game from the same developers of 999 and Virtue's Last Reward. Fun characters, setting and mysteries. Definitely recommended if you enjoy series such as Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney. You can choose to play with either Japanese or English voice acting.Danganronpa originally came out for the PSP and now it's on Steam. The PC version of this game is thoroughly impressive. WASD + mouse controls for the entire interface, borderless fullscreen, full Steam feature set... I wouldn't even call it a port. It's pretty much the definitive version of the game."
,Recommended,413410,25967014,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Dragonheart,This is one of the best visuel novels I played in a long time. I especially loved the artwork in it.
,Recommended,413410,25974264,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Rosetta stoned,"You like god tier stories, solving mysteries, emotionally scarring yourself and nervously laughing while doing it?Get this game, it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its just so good you wont care.The less you know about it the better..Just buy it, abandon all hope, prepare for despair; its Danganronpa."
,Recommended,413410,25984112,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,TheElectricRaichu,"One of, if not, the best puzzle game series that I have ever played. The characters, story, trials, everything is so clever! I highly recommend this game, if you're a fan of logic, puzzle or psychological games, get it!If you wish to see my reactions and experience, I streamed this game and have put it up on YouTube.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFWrJeYU5fshttps://www.twitch.tv/theelectricraichu/v/64243221"
76561198080932255,Recommended,413410,26005579,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Freak,"This game is one of the greatest stories I've had the pleasure of going through. A well hidden mystery of ""whodunit"" in every chapter that requires you to actually think and listen to the game to not die. The characters are great and makes you feel despair whenever one of them is killed. If I had one complaint, it'd would probably be about the characters not making some of the simplest connections with evidence. Other than that, it is a masterpiece.(P.S. This is my first review so I'll understand if no one ever reads it.)"
,Recommended,413410,24390639,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jiro the Machine,Upupupupu! Be seriously it was an enjoyable experience.
76561197993618912,Recommended,413410,25536839,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Veni,Absolutely Fantastic! If you're any kind of murder mystery or courtroom fan (Phoenix Wright anyone?) you'll love this game.
,Recommended,413410,25585736,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Vox,"This game really was worth it's time. The artwork is great, I really liked the music and I became a fan of Monokuma. I mean, it would have been a nice game without him, but this character put it onto another level."
76561198160518933,Recommended,413410,26108440,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Lumairu,Thank you lord for Mondo Owada
76561198056500160,Recommended,413410,23489559,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Palmtree011,"With interesting characters and a compelling story, this is an exceptional game. Once I started, I couldn't stop playing as the it completely hooked me in. If you like mystery stories, then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,413410,23107932,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kelseydelallave,"10/10 would investigate my childrens deaths againJust finished the main playthrough, now Im starting the school mode.This game has a lot of content and horrible humor, for non-anime and anime fans alike ~.^"
,Recommended,413410,23137688,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,demon_boy53,"Dang, Grandpa, this is a good game.420/69 would watch all my friends be murdered by each other again"
76561198210340347,Recommended,413410,23277123,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ParryBlossom,"Great game with memorable and interesting characters. Everyone has a backstory and a reason they want to escape the school they are trapped in. The trials are fun but some mechanics are frustrating and the rhythm mini-game has no place  here. Some of the first trials are really easy and predictable, even more so if you've ever played an Ace Attorney game. Overall the game is really enjoyable with some mechanical flaws. And remember, always trust your *friends*!"
,Recommended,413410,23284247,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,R1ck21,"Great story and intresting charectors, had my intentions through the whole story."
,Recommended,413410,23278812,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ravenous,"Pros:-	Story that gets you hooked-	24 hours’ worth of gameplay before you finish the game (30 if you finish all the  modes and finish all dialogue)-	Good ending and many twists and turns along the wayCons:-	It holds your hand when you look for clues and you have endless amount of retries during class trials-	MC makes decisions and you just have to tag alongThink of this game as more of a full anime season with action segments and some extra content once you finish it.BUT if you can’t get invested in the characters you won’t enjoy the ride in the same way you won’t enjoy a horror game if you don’t get scared by horror games, simple really.To me its a 9/10 game and well worth the money"
76561198101338263,Recommended,413410,23289913,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,SnarkyPosterior,Danganronpa was a great game that i highly recommend!It's story contained many plot twists which kept me entertained for hours.
,Recommended,413410,23194375,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Space Penguin,This game is like ace attorney but  a death game.  Awesome!
,Recommended,413410,23234579,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,CheeseObjectsToCrackers,"Just finished this game. And i gotta say it was awesome! This game will truly challenge your logic and have you on the edge of your seat for non-stop debates. It was a fun game! The way the Protagonist thinks and the methods can be used in real life,solving mysteries and puzzles. And this game will teach you a valuable lesson and differentiate between hope and despair. A game worth buying. I rate this 9/10. It was so fun."
,Recommended,413410,23420111,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MATasaltatore,"ok let's start with the fact that 30$ are a bit too much for a game with no replay value, and that might be the worst downside for this game; but hell!.. this game is great, and this compliment comes from a guy that doesn't like anime; so you can guess that the story and the gameplay were pretty damn good.Danganrompa, as the description says, it's a game based on solving mysteries, and murder cases: the story is pretty well written, the characters are fine (87% of them) and the gameplay is pretty simple, BUT how you approach those mysteries might change how much you'll enjoy the game; since it helps you alot during the cases, most of the times, you might want to solve those mysteries by yourself; that makes the game way more enjoyable.In the end this game is worth the 17ish hours of gameplay (if you like to read everything) but not 30$, you might want to purchase it during the sales when the price will drop to atleast 20$"
,Recommended,413410,23435640,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Frarmer Jawn,"DanganronpaTrigger Happy HavocSo, you start off at the gate of the prestigious Hope's Peak Academy - put into the shoes of one Naegi Makoto - walk on in, and then...everything goes fuzzy.  You come to, and meet fourteen other students with a similar predicament.  It's time to go to the gym, where a stuffed, monochrome bear (Monokuma...get it..?) announces to you that, in fact, you're now trapped within the prestigious school's grounds, and to escape...You have to murder one of your classmates.StoryThe characters are the driving force behind the story, as would make sense with this Battle Royale-type schtick.  How they react to the situation, to each other, and to Monokuma's various psychological assaults, all provide the player with a reason to continue through.  Each chapter is divided into sections: first, the preliminary set-up for the chapter; next, the 'free-time' segments; then the murder and investigation, and; finally, the class trials.Class trials?  You have to murder one of your classmates, AND get away with it.  To add extra incentive, failure to do so is a GAME OVER, not because of 'Oh whoops, we didn't catch the killer, wanna retry?' but, because failure to catch the culprit is death for everyone but the culprit.  Such a tense situation is bound to result in some unusual circumstances, and a fast pace in character development, observable by the player.As expected, this development does occur.  Not even the player character is exempt from growth, though there are a couple of characters who end up biting the Flanders mallet pretty hard toward the end.  Thankfully, you'll be used to either ignoring their statements, or blasting through them during the trials themselves, so it's not some major loss there.What makes the story so good, though? And it is good.  It's tight, it's logical, and it never ventures far from where it should be.  The meat of the story, the murders, are presented in a manner that's clear and logical from beginning to end: some people say they're too easy, but I'd just say they should pat themselves on the back for being pretty clever, and enjoy that the cases make sense within the story itself.  This is a mystery of two parts: a 'whodunnit' each time one of your classmates goes for the kill, and the more pressing mystery of what happened to Hope's Peak.  Throughout the game, you'll be catching clues for both, and enough so that it doesn't seem like an asspull once you reach either conclusions.CharactersThis is a strong cast, if subtle, in some cases.  They begin, each, with pretty much one note behind them.  The snob, the geek, the nerd, the quiet girl, the upbeat female lead, etc. etc.  Where they begin as tropes, though, the cast earns their places as memorable characters through their actions in the story, and their interactions with the player character.As mentioned before, even the player character isn't exempt from development.  This ties strongly into gameplay, where, as Naegi, you'll find yourself playing harder and harder in the class trials, until you're a force to be reckoned with at the round table.  Despite this, no one becomes irrelevant, even if it's just for the occasional breather in between point and counter-point.SoundWhen it comes to the dub, I'll have no idea, but the voice acting is pretty much reserved for either important cutscenes, or the class trial.  The cast they chose fits the bill, in Japanese, though you'll often be hearing little audio cues to let you know who's speaking - as if the character portrait and the dialogue aren't enough - and how they're feeling.During the class trials, the SFX is best used.  This is where rewarding sounds come by when you shatter your opponent's points with your counterpoints, where you blast through letters to come up with the phrase on the tip of your tongue, and where you time yourself to a catchy little rhythm game to break through the time-honored tradition of winning a debate through sonic superiority.The music is what best shines, though.  These audio cues are used in an excellent way to set the mood, and you'll soon associate certain tracks with points in the story.  Very rarely does the game slip up on this, but you might have one track memorized by the end for its overuse.  That's the biggest spoiler here, by the way.GameplayThe gameplay is pretty standard of an adventure game and visual novel mix.  Nothing too crazy: going into a room nets you a point-and-click feel, where you examine certain points of the environment and talk to the cardboard cutouts in front of you; navigating the game world - the school - is done in a first-person view, but is rarely relevant for the player.  In fact, while it's useful in some scenes to build the tension, it can be entirely skipped for a full on-rails experience without losing any of the pacing.The class trials are where the bulk of the 'gameplay' is.  The primary action will come from the 'Nonstop Debates', where you shoot through opposing points with your own counterpoints, evidence, or contradictions supplied by your peers.  There's also a hangman mini-game which is just a simple point-and-shoot affair.  The climax usually comes with a rhythm game, where you blast through your opponent's shrill cries and nonsense to smash in with your counterpoint.  In between the more active portions there are multiple-choice prompts.  Once you get the whole case 'solved', you end up drawing up a comic of what happened, all within the acceptable span of time for your peers to stand around without shouting at each other.GraphicsFor the most part, just 2.5D stuff.  The perspective is often skewed and odd for the interactable props, but, otherwise, nothing too egregious.  The character art will remain recognizable, though - you'll be able to tell the style just from seeing the eyes or the shading.  The 3D FMV sections are...iffy, but, you'll probably be able to forgive it as you're going through the story.OverallI'd certainly recommend Danganronpa.  It's a tight story that knows what it's doing, does it well, and does it with characters that evolve along with their circumstances.  Nothing is left to contrivance and only a few things are left to an off-the-cuff deus ex machina.  All things considered, if you want a score, Danganronpa gets a solid 8.5/10 - which is good, by the way, it means it's setting a great example and has things that other games of a similar nature should borrow - although its story really does a lot to bring that up."
,Recommended,413410,23472823,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Muzical,"There's one or two NSFW or semi-NSFW parts, as far as ""sexual content"" goes, (and they mostly involve Toko... *shudder*)  but there's far more blood than lust, IMHO, but the blood's all Pepto-Bismol pink, so it's not quite as jarring.The characters are developed enough that you either really like them (Makoto, Taka) or really hate them, (Junko, Toko, Hifumi...)  There's also plot twists that'll make your head spin and, towards the end, your stomach sink."
76561198081758937,Recommended,413410,23255313,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ennykins,"The characters are memorable, the story keeps you guessing up until the very end, and the gameplay is fun. What more could you ask for?"
76561198010332331,Recommended,413410,23266245,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ray Kay,"This was my first visual novel and it did a great job pulling me into the story. I would highly recommend buying this to those that like a really messed up story (tons of twists) or like to solve mysteries. I will for sure buy the next one and any other future visual novel games with the Danganronpa name.Already started to watch the anime, but they cut out so many details that the game features! Glad I played the game first :)"
,Recommended,413410,22715368,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,allengator,Fairly accurate simulator of high school life.
76561198205931383,Recommended,413410,22763019,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Grox999[RO],Playing as Makoto was very fun!Can't wait to play as Hajime or Komaru.11037/10
,Recommended,413410,22778658,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Arbastar,Really amazing game. Kinda like Phoneix Wright but better. Make sure you read everything and build strong emotinal attachments to the characters.;_;
,Recommended,413410,22784427,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Lanxs,bretty good gaem. mukuro and kyoko waifus. trust me
76561198208786205,Recommended,413410,22905185,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cindy,"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a game full of unexpected plot twists, tedious (yet rewarding) crime scene investigations, and some of the most insane characters everWhat I like most about Danganronpa is that it requires the player to pay attention to minute details surrounding the crime scene, all of which are necessary to pass the class trials.At its core, Danganronpa is a captivating ""whodunit"" game coupled with a rich storyline. It is a game totally worth buying and 100% exceeds its point-and-click game mechanic"
,Recommended,413410,22772327,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,gethspace,"I thought this game was neat.Lots of people die.Sweet, sweet despair.The cases are pretty easy imo, but there are definitely twists that most people probably won't expect. Perhaps it's best to go into it without knowing anything at all, which is what I did. Works great on my laptop, some small stutters in the frames from time to time, but nothing that hinders gameplay.8.5/10 Would probably watch my friends die all over again. Phuhuhu..."
76561198239107978,Recommended,413410,22726463,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,EmilyDoesStuff,"Danganronpa is a lovely game where some dumbasses get murdered and only you and some other mysterious chic know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on.But they still somehow accuse you for the killer even though all the evidence contradicts that.GODDAMIT HAGAKURE YOU DUMBASS.Basically, Ace Attorney with evil bears and pink blood.Would despair again.UPUPU/10"
,Recommended,413410,22798193,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Lokaror,"Dangan ronpa is very interesting game. While the game had a slur that applied to me the games quality was such that i just shrugged it off and kept playing. Im very happy with this descision. As for what dangan ronpa is i guess its a visual novel in which you solve murders. You talk with other characters, get clues and have a trial in which nuumerous minigames are used to further your point. In the end, i wholly reccomend it for everyone."
76561198059458525,Recommended,413410,22713943,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Alex123rocks,"Omg this game is a masterpiece, I love detective games and this is one of the best, next to Phoenix Wright of course. It has great gameplay and an amazziinnnngggg story with epic plot twists.420/10 best steam detective game"
,Recommended,413410,22467680,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,MiraiHurricane,"Anime Styled: CheckMurder: CheckPlot Line: CheckMemorable Mascot: Check, Check, Checks for all!This is honestly one of my favorite games.It's so fun to play as, and during the story when I played it for the first time, it kept me on the ropes. It's so perfectly done that I honestly would reccomend this to anyone and everyone."
,Recommended,413410,28020510,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tarkus on Tarkus,Just bear with it.
,Recommended,413410,27902780,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rib@OVERWATCH,"Love the story, the court gameplay is a bit of a miss for me though..."
,Recommended,413410,27913364,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MilosMillion,ive never been so sad in my entire life
,Recommended,413410,28316875,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,RogueWeeaboo,"Great story, great characters, great atmosphere, great music, great mysteries, great gameplay. A great game, it really surprised me with just how good it is."
,Recommended,413410,28319829,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Rubi,Amazing Game
,Recommended,413410,30973499,Posted: 5 April,all,Wolvenna,"Unlike a lot of the other reviewers, I've never played any of the Phoenix Wright games, so I didn't really have anything to compare Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc to. I had only the faintest idea of what the game play was going to be like and how the story might unfold.I was incredibly impressed in the music aspect. I loved the timing of the audio pieces, especially during the trials. It made everything pop and added that extra level of awesomeness during certain scenarios.The characterizations were pretty awesome as well. I really enjoyed getting to know these characters and seeing which ones survived and which ones didn't make it to the end. There was one trial in particular that had me tearing up at the end.Also, I'm one of those people that generally watches anime with subtitles just because I prefer the sound of the Japanese voice acting. However, I decided to play Danganronpa: THH with the English dubs instead and really I didn't regret it. There were a few characters that I felt didn't actually shine the way they could have, but all in all it wasn't terrible and I didn't mind."
76561198288363604,Recommended,413410,28277786,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,TheWistyMoo,Fun game.
,Recommended,413410,28445509,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mirae,"Very fun game! I'll make this review short and sweet.Pros:-Catchy OST-Nice and lively art and backgrounds-Interesting setting-Characters have colourful personalities-Despite being a visual novel it does not feel like a narrative, you have to pay close attention during the trials and press the right sequence of buttons. It really is a more interactive experienceCons:-Sometimes the mechanics of the trials aren't explained very clearly, so when you play it for the first time this can be tricky-Characters' reactions during the trials can be over the top and exaggerated, I felt that this detracted from the immersion at timesOverall recommended for sure!"
,Recommended,413410,28801252,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Doflimingo,Don't judge this game on the concept that it's basically anime. This game is a perfect mix-up of murder mystery and twists that M. Night wouldn't see! Give this game a shot if you're curious about Danganronpa and 'memeba to follow the golden rule of not going out at night.
76561197973929625,Recommended,413410,28800518,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sean,Very good!
76561198004394142,Recommended,413410,28859064,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Banana MAN,"Great game with some well fleshed out characters. Everyone has a goal to pursue, secret to hide, or passion to follow.Also, play this with the japanese voices. Playing the game with the english voices was a mistake. I am now replaying the game with the japanese voices and the characters sound much more realistic. The english voices grew unbearable as the game went on. Even monokuma sounds less irritating in japanese."
,Recommended,413410,31075820,Posted: 11 April,all,[YT]Lucarios3 <hellcase.com>,"Think High school Phoenix wright and you are heading in the right direction. You play as Mokoto Naegi, the ultimate lucky student, and interact with your classmates, until a murder accurs then you must investigate with the other students to find who dunnit.While it presents itself in a visual novel style, this game is un""bear""ablely fun, as you wander from place to place interacting with students and find evidence and shooting down contridicitons in the class trials.10/10 would play 10 times over"
,Recommended,413410,31091926,Posted: 11 April,all,ShutaStella,Sakura is best Waifu
76561198279662866,Recommended,413410,31067080,Posted: 10 April,all,EldarVII,Really don't know how to set the language into Chinese... Can anyone help me?
76561198132319039,Recommended,413410,31127752,Posted: 13 April,all,The_Apple_Obsesser,This game was really good! I love all of the characters and the trials are very interesting.
,Recommended,413410,31127845,Posted: 13 April,all,Simpai,"I can't wait to get Danganronpa 2!It was a nice long game with a great story, great characters and very addicting!Would definetly reccomend to anyone!"
76561198349598776,Recommended,413410,31126350,Posted: 13 April,all,angadsawhney1997,"excellent game , saw meets persona"
,Recommended,413410,27024581,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TigerTail,"Why should you play this game? Well that's quite simple really.Tell em, Naegi."
76561198170339913,Recommended,413410,24241526,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SadClaw,"Aside from the first 4 hours, this game is an absolute rush! Basically ace attorney on steroids.  Just finished it and now i have to take walk to understand what just happened..."
,Recommended,413410,24248179,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nicolio,"Before I say anything, I just want to say the whole aspect that makes this game enjoyable is the story! I encourage everyone who is looking through these reviews to be careful of spoilers that could ruin the experience for you.With that out of the way, I just want to say this game is great! If you enjoy visual novels and anything like Ace Attorney, this is a great game for you! I have not yet played the sequel, but this game has made me want to play more!This is a very selective game. If you enjoy paying attention to little things and piecing everything together this is very fun. For those of you who do not think you have the skill to play this game, do not worry. The game has a way of leading you to what you should be looking at. At it's center, this game is a psychological horror. It's an interesting story accompanied by developing characters you decide to invest in. (Also the animations and art style is pretty rad.)All I can say is pick your waifu carefully."
76561198053488686,Recommended,413410,24238047,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,tmn-27,"Brilliant game.If you haven't already, BUY THIS GAME AND PLAY IT NOW.I went in not sure what to expect and was blown away by how good it was. The gameplay was very unique and the trial sessions had something (sometimes several somethings) new to add each time which I loved. Every character was unique as well and made the game so much more because of it, so props to the writers and artists over at SpikeChunsoft for this gem! <3Like a comment stated before, LOOK NOTHING UP. The best way to enjoy the game is to avoid spoilers, thus the internet, as much as possible (thankfully managed to do so myself). If I could erase my memory and have a first playthrough experience again I would, 100x over.Now, on to Danganronpa 2 *_* (fingers crossed for the bonus game to be released on steam too X3)"
76561198171830001,Recommended,413410,24137324,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,linnense,"If you enjoy the Ace Attorney series, then you may enjoy the ""Mutual High School Killings"". I'm sure by now most people have been spoiled to this game thanks to the anime, but it's still worth buying and playing the game itself. There is more content, alot more, in the game. All of which is later tied into by its descendants. The gameplay itself....is weird though. Like Ace Attorney, you have trials and do investigations, but outside of that its like a dating sim where you try to understand your classmates better. Additionally, the trial itself has freaky mechanics where occasionally refuting their testimony isn't enough and you have to do a hangman's game and mini DDR to convince people? (Which I find extremely unneeded and frustrating).However, I would still recommend it. So maybe 8/10?"
,Recommended,413410,24192509,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Knight Talnia,"When you finish this game, you will be filled with despair cause it´s over.If you like the Ace Attorney series you will love this game."
,Recommended,413410,24227773,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Vi Acantha,"I enjoyed this game far more than I expected to. The characters and plot kept me interested the entire time. The ending of the game killed me, but I'll be playing the sequel.I highly recommend this game to people who enjoys:-> anime-> visual novels-> mystery/detective gamesBecause the game is plot heavy, don't go looking up spoilers! And I can totally see where people were coming from when they say it's Persona meets Ace Attorney.If there's one thing I regret, it's failing to realise that there was Japanese audio. I can't believe I went through the whole main story with English dub thinking that it didn't have Japanese audio - I really wanted the Jap audio just to find when I started School Mode, that there was an option for it at the start, I just didn't realise it meant audio, I thought it was asking about the subtitles. I'm sure you guys won't make the same stupid mistake as me, but just a note. T-T"
,Recommended,413410,24221096,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Monomi,"Very fun 2D game with an interesting story line!If you by chance saw the 13 episode Anime, it would be good to play the actual game because there's so much more character development that had to be cut short in the anime.Mind you, Danganronpa is not a platformer or FPS game or any of the sort. It's a playable novel. The most ""action-y"" the game gets is during the class trials, so it's the perfect game if you want the chills & thrills of a compeling story, but want to chill out in terms of gameplay.If you play the game to fully understand the story and the universe, it can take you upwards 24 hours. However if you want just the jist of everything, you can skip through some of the dialouge (not recomended) and beat the whole game in about 8 hours."
,Recommended,413410,24221447,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Aceblue,"Time for a review ofDanganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc!To be honest, what got me into the Danganronpa series at first was the anime, which I had only heard bad stuff about.""It's a crappy adoptation of the game, they say."" So I thought I'd buy the game when it was on sale and see if it was as good as everyone said. Little did I know, it wasthis good.Story: 10/10Obviously the same story as the anime, but with more depth into it, covering things beyond what the anime could adopt, considering the anime was only 13 episodes (around 5 hours), while the game took me a good 30 hours+ to complete.Art: 8/10Nothing too special, allthough some parts of the game were very detailed and well-made. The most good looking part of the game has to be the still-images during certain investigations, discoveries etc. and ofcourse, the Execution Scenes.Character: 10/10The characters act the same way as they do in the anime (obviously) but same as with the story, the anime has left out parts that shouldn't have been left out.Overall rating: 10/10I think it is safe to say that if you likedDanganronpa: The Animationjust as much as I did, then this game is worth  your time and money.I will soon be playing the Sequel,Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despairand write a review of it as soon as I've finished it."
,Recommended,413410,24315056,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,[ヨック] NEXT STAGE,"Danganronpa almost always puts Style over Substance and it may take some time for the player to care about any of the 15 characters in this visual-novel-murder-mystery-mash-up. But the murder cases are fun and most of the time filled with unexpected twists.The gameplay is basically Ace Attorney with a timer and an overall more fast-paced way of presenting evidence. Also the soundtrack is pretty great.If you are not into Anime, don't bother with this game unless you really need some more murder mystery in your life. And if you are into Anime, don't watch Danganronpa. It's bad. Get the game instead, it's pretty good actually."
76561198045622288,Recommended,413410,24331460,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Bravo Team,"Incredibly written, incredibly stylish, and incredibly enjoyable. If the idea of Ace Attorney meets Persona (with just a tiny sprinkling of SAW, as it's set in a death game, on top) seems good, this is the game for you. The sequel's just as good too."
76561198106321886,Recommended,413410,23265752,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,toot toot,my favorite didn't die10/10
76561197974931667,Recommended,413410,28022352,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ANoNameIs,"Nominated for Villian most in need of a hug... For, uh, Personal reasons."
76561198275051738,Recommended,413410,28021120,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RoxaS290,I love so much this game 7.7specially kirigiri
,Recommended,413410,28430102,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,GrimMadarChod,This is an interesting game...The story is quite unique and the gameplay is quite fun as well but there is just 1 teensy problem is the dialougue deivery speed which is just too slowdue to which a game which would have taken 12 hours max to complete now takes over 24 hours you can skip the dialogues but that destroys the story and lore so yeah u might wanna look into thatif you are really interested in the story will recommend seeing the anime insteadRate the game :7/10 only because of its slowness
76561198297071614,Recommended,413410,28044731,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RKMaria,"I absolutley loved this game I fell in love with it the first time i saw the anime if you would like a good mystery then get this game it is an amazing ride honestly you wont have an idea as to what will happen next and it was overall a great game, and i have spent quite a bit of time playing heck you would even want to try and play it again right after to see other things that you never noticed"
,Recommended,413410,28043501,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,超高校級の????,you don't need to play this if you have watched the anime but you should play it anyway
,Recommended,413410,27770301,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Natsuno_Mint,"Fascinating characters, twisted stories that makes me surprise every time I play, that's Danganronpa Series..."
76561197974380248,Recommended,413410,27917760,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Scarthem,"Put simply, it's a visual novel which resembles the movie Battle Royale that is NOT for those looking for too many feel-good moments.  The atmosphere is heavy and usually grim, with moments of lighthearted jokes or conversation to keep the game from being overwhelmingly depressing.There's a fun detective/court-esque game you play as murders are comitted, and although the mechanics may be confusing at first, it's enjoyable once understood.Although the game may not be great for multiple playthroughs, as the murders/storyline doesn't change each time, it is an excellent experience and one I highly recommend.  Alternatively, if you don't like the price-point, watch it online.  It's still a fantastic story."
,Recommended,413410,27573094,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Swift,sayaka maizono did nothing wrong
,Recommended,413410,27672957,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FodtimusPrime,"fun game, one of the killers was a bit predictable, some deaths were sad. i enjoyed it more for the characters"
,Recommended,413410,33119836,Posted: 2 July,all,Skjegget til Lars,"Danganronpa is a Visual Novel by Spike Chunsoft. Initially released as a Vita exclusive, the game eventually made its way to both PC and PS4 for the rest of the non Vita-owning world to enjoy.The game is about a group of high-school students trapped inside the world-renown Hope's Peak academy, a school where only the most gifted and talented high-schoolers in the world are invited to attend. They are soon forced into a ""killing game"" by the villanous mechanical bear Monokuma. Monokuma seeks only one thing, despair, and he intends to get his despair fix by having the students kill each other. He promises that if anyone of the 15 students can kill another student, without getting caught, they will ""graduate"" and be allowed to leave the school, while the remaining students will be punished with death. If they are found out, they will be punished by the way of execution. A high-stakes game of deception, betrayal, and not least of all depsair, is set into motion, with the lives of everyone involved on the line.Stepping into the shoes of protagonist Makoto Naegi. The gameplay of danganronpa is divided into two bits. The first bit is the classic visual novel part, where you mostly engage in conversations with other characters, and explore Hope's Peak in a first person point-and-click fashion. This is also where you will have to investigate the murders of your class-mates as they take place, and gather clues for the ""class trials"".Speaking of wich, the class trials are the second part of the game. During the class trials, you will partake in debates where you have to solve the murders of your fellow class-mates by feretting out the contradictions and lies in your surviving classmates' statements. This is done by firing ""truth bullets"" at visual representations of their statements during debates. This can best be described as a light point-and-click shooter. You will also partake in minigames, ranging from a simplified version of hangman to a rhythm-style one on one debate. The gameplay is frankly a bit on the easy side, the minigames especially don't require a lot of skill, but they do bring some much needed variety to what would other-wise be a standard visual novel. The debates also get new elements added into them over time, such as white noise that can block your ""truth-bullets"", and giving you multiple truth-bullets per debate, making you have to think about what ""truth-bullet"" to use on which argument.Being a visual novel first and foremost, there is a lot of reading and dialogue in Danganronpa, and the game's biggest strength is in its writing and characters. Most of the characters (with a few exceptions) initially come of as very one note and boring, but as you get further into the story of the game, you will quickly see that everyone has more to them than you would think at first glance. This becomes especially clear if you choose to spend your optional ""free time"" with them. You will have long discussions with them about their interests, what drives them, their insecurities, their fears, basically discovering every ""layer"" of the characters. After a while, the characters do geniunly feel like people, with their own motivations, fears, likes and dislikes. The writing is also quite versitile, in that it can be very dark and heavy in certain places, and delightfully funny in others, especially when Monokuma shows up for some comic relief... right after brutally murdering one of your classmates.The game is also steeped in mystery. As Makoto Naegi, you initially have no idea what is going on. How did this bear take over Hope's Peak? Who controls him and why are they doing this? How can we escape? Why haven't anyone rescued us? These questions and many more will need to be answered throughout the course of the game, and the answers are often genuinly good twost that are hard to predict (unless you've seen tha anime, of course). The mystery was a strong driving-force for me personally to play through the story, and the answers I got were both satisfying and often delightfully suprising, while still making sense within the universe of the game.All in all Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a good visual novel with great characters, excellent writing, and exciting and interesting mysteries to solve. It is a bit on the easy side gameplay wise, and there can at times be a little too much text to read, but none of these issues detract much from the overall experience. If you're looking for a good, character and mystery-driven story with that unique japanese charm, this is a game to get."
76561198267660944,Recommended,413410,32941058,Posted: 28 June,all,Otome Otaku,PLAY THIS XD (Togami is best boy)
,Recommended,413410,33018032,Posted: 29 June,all,Principality of Sealand,"Pretty engaging. Pretty well-written characters, imo. But god help you if you play with english voices on. Oh yeah and it has the best censored blood you will ever see"
,Recommended,413410,33017839,Posted: 29 June,all,juuasdf,"One of the best VN, great history. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,413410,33056668,Posted: 30 June,all,junkrat main btw,"so i'm finally getting around to playing this game a few years after it stopped being relevant and ya know what? it's honestly as good as everyone's been telling me it is. the visual atmosphere of the school is really unique, and made exploring every nook and cranny that much more interesting. the characters themselves are all great, too, with each one having a personality as unique as their design. and that's where this game really shines: both the story and the characters sell it for me, and it seems like a great deal of care went into making them both. the gameplay can feel a bit repetitive and :^/ at times but that's to be expected from this sort of game. and hoo boy that entire last chapter. Bro.i honestly have nothing but praises for this game, and i've only finished the main story; there's an entire post-game that will no doubt be good for hunting achievements. my only real complaint is that the way some of the class trials have been translated makes finding the correct answers a chore at times. it almost forces you to take a fifty-fifty guess even when you know the correct answer, simply due to two answers looking too similar or the problem itself being too vague. i feel like this may be more on my innexperience with detective games than this game itself, tho, since it only happens once or twice through the entirety of the game. it doesn't detract too much from the overall experience but it was a bit frustrating.basically. if you have any interest in this game and you're like me andhaven'tplayed it yet, then i highly recommend it! oh and krigiri is best girl 0:-)"
,Recommended,413410,32592190,Posted: 20 June,all,DnT,"All right, I’m dedicating this review to one of my friends to convince him to get this game, and for everyone that reads this to do the same. First of all, you might be asking yourselves, what the heck is this game even about? Well, if I had to explain it, it is basically a game of who-dunnit with interesting and colorful characters in a somewhat unique premise. You are Makoto Naegi, a nobody who is trying to find the culprit in these weird series of murders occurring at the high school you were trapped in along with 15 others. After each murder, a mock trial will be held to see who is accountable. I can not tell you anymore about the plot because this is a heavily story driven game. Gameplay wise, I found this game to be somewhat lacking in a sense. There are two main segments in this game, one where you walk around the school in first person view talking to your classmates and exploring different areas while the class trial is a series of minigames to help you decipher who the killer is. It is quite fun to explore the school and talk to students, however the minigames during the class trials can get a bit repetitive. Since this is a visual novel-esque game I gave the lack of gameplay a pass though, because you are here for the story after all, and man will you be in for a crazy ride.The lack of gameplay mechanics is also easily covered up by this game’s excellent ambience and soundtrack. Seriously, after this game you will want to look up some of the game’s songs because they are that engaging. Overall, I would highly reccommend this game to any fan of mystery thrillers and crazy stories. I will end this review telling you to not lose kibou, do not give in to zetsubou, but most of all, SORE WA CHIGAU YO!P.S. If you buy this game during the steam sale, get the bundle if you can, because if you play this game you will want to play the sequel and Danganronpa 2 is even better than DR1. DO PLAY DR1 first though, otherwise 2 will make little sense. Man I wish I could erase parts of my brain so that I could experience this game and Mass Effect all over again...."
,Recommended,413410,32626925,Posted: 21 June,all,PizzaCat,"An awesome game, but do NOT watch the anine before the game. Play the game and then the anime.Would recommend itRating: 7/10"
76561198087647750,Recommended,413410,32625694,Posted: 21 June,all,lindbergkaige,"So here's the thing; Danganronpa is good, but not amazing. Fun, but it's got some dull moments. The murders are usually pretty easy to figure out, the climax is honestly kinda stupid, and it's really just the style of the series that makes it a positive experience. Danganronpa 2 however, is AMAZING, and you absolutely need to play Danganronpa before you can play Danganronpa 2; for that reason, I can recommend Danganronpa without any frills.Don't bother trying to get all the Achievments in this game though unless you want to completely erase any good feelings you had about the game proper."
,Recommended,413410,33214889,Posted: 3 July,all,超高校級の正常人,Best PC Ace Attorney 2016
76561198050982439,Recommended,413410,33203566,Posted: 3 July,all,Antoys,I am just speechless
76561198314630804,Recommended,413410,33245516,Posted: 4 July,all,Reanbell Kresnik;,"As someone who loves psychological things, I recommend this to enthusiasts. Been getting a lot of recommendations for this and can't believe it took this long for me to finally get to it."
,Recommended,413410,33245291,Posted: 4 July,all,OwnedbyCow,"Watched the anime first. Loved it.Wanted to buy the game for a long time now.Seen the Steam summer sale and bought it.I'm loving the game too.They both have their perks. Anime has slick animation. Game has a lot more depth to the same story. You will learn more from the game. If you have ever seen the anime. Get the game.This is a VN for the most part, BUT I'm not someone who can play VNs for a long period of time. I get bored after a short period as it's usually a long time before I get to make any choices and theirs nothing really major that you can do besides those choices.Danganronpa actually has a form of gameplay in which you move through a 2D/3D environment (2D characters in 3D areas) which lets you spend time with classmates to learn more about them and any motives that they might have or investigating. I was worried that it would be clunky with the investigations plus the fear of missing one item and having to search forever before I found it. Nope, not an issue. They have all of their bases covered.Each chapter is taking me about 8 hours a piece which I love as I am going to get my money's worth by the end of the game. I have just finished chapter 2 and have just a bit more than 16 hours. And I am assuming from the way the anime played out that I have another 3-5 chapters. And even if there was only 5 chapters in total, that would be 40 hours. I payed $15 and the game is only $30 at full price. A fair price for games is a dollar per hour, so yeah, they give you your money's worth easy.Get it. The reviews aren't ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" for no reason. Get it."
76561198195536607,Recommended,413410,33246627,Posted: 4 July,all,Wildfire - ドミニク,"This game is brilliant. The soundtrack is perfect, It has many plot-twists, it has a very good story, the artstyle is something special, but in a good way! It's well animated and funny. I would definitely recommend this game! Everyone who likes ""Point and click"" games and likes games where you really have to think should buy this game. And if you have seen the Anime, you must buy this game, because the Anime is based on this game. The story is the same, but it's way more fun to play the story about ""Hope's peak academy""10/10"
76561198016457682,Recommended,413410,33239232,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr.Monokuma,"If you have watched the anime Danganronpa wich is from 2013 on original air year.Than i can suggest this game as the anime is based of the games and not the otherway around.The anime follows the game to point and dot yet some thing are not shown in the anime same for the game.Still this game is awsome and i love it, tho the english voices are not what i would expect but hey lower the voice and increase the music volume and problem is solved.The music itself is great if you are a fan of the genre.I can recommend this game to ANYONE that is into the psycho horror detective genre.PS : Monokuma is awsome!"
76561198401673555,Recommended,413410,33239325,Posted: 4 July,all,zombiepandabeer,"I just found out this game was also for PC on steam, and was like OMFG  yes I need it!!!and like there is not that much action, more like a story game, but the story is really good and stuff.So you"
,Recommended,413410,33239330,Posted: 4 July,all,andouilles,good visual novel with cool art and character designs!
,Recommended,413410,33216294,Posted: 3 July,all,Catstamps,A perfect game to spicen up the visual novel genre.
,Recommended,413410,33244436,Posted: 4 July,all,HikoKuzu,"--/20Story19Gameplay15Music20This game is a pure gem. It's unique, it's fresh, it's great, and the plot is very well-thought (also, most of the girls in this game are 100% waifu material. Chihiro is da best (winkyface)). The gameplay gets repetitive really fast in ""Gentle"" mode, so I advise against choosing it. 'Kind' and 'Mean' are, by far, a lot better, even if you want to focus on the story first.Can't wait to play the 3rd game!"
76561198356343214,Recommended,413410,33316796,Posted: 6 July,all,NinjaChilly,Visuals: 4/5Plot: 5/5Music: 5/5Gameplay: 4/5Open World: 2/5Overall in my opinion this is a must play gameMuch Better than the TV Show
,Recommended,413410,33023878,Posted: 29 June,all,✿Rainy Season Hero Froppy✿,"An amazing story based  game. It's pretty much a visual novel with mini games and some mystery and humor thrown into a very VERY (beary some may say) dark game. Great characters, fun but depressing game.The minor complaints:A little to hand holdy at timesere and there, even on the hardest difficulty.Theres some issues, atleast for me personally as some one  who gives a damn about gender vs sex and thigns like that and how some things are handled with men and women in the story, but its not enough to ruin the game by any means, just sorta a ""why..."" thing. Pretty much if you give a damn about any of that or spend a good amount of time on tumblr like I do, it will probably be annoying. If you dont give  a♥♥♥♥♥♥about that at all then probably wont matter to you."
76561198118399450,Recommended,413410,30984670,Posted: 6 April,all,DatLemonHD,"I bought this game not expecting too much but this game destroyed my expectations and once I started playing I just couldn't stop. The characters are all memorable and so unique. All I can say is buy this game right now, then buy the sequel. 10/10"
,Recommended,413410,28736068,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,fabiohide,Dark and mysterious 5/7
76561198046102986,Recommended,413410,28685786,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mal Masque,"This... is a very tricky game to give a proper review for, mostly because I feel saying anything can lead to a nose-dive into spoiler territory, so I'm going to do my best to keep from doing just that before Mr. Monokuma decides an apt punishment.Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is a blended story of an interactive nove/mystery puzzle game, requiring players to use memory and logic skills to complete the various twisted challenges and trials of Hope's Peak Academy. In this game, fifteen of the best and brightest students (The Ultimates) have awoken inside of a sealed off building while a demented bear mascot informs everyone that they have two choices: Live inside the school for the rest of their lives, or kill each other to graduate and gain freedom. Thus begins a deadly game of life-and-death, trying to stay alive, figure out who killed your classmates, solve the mystery of Monokuma and Hope's Peak Academy and escape.The gameplay is primarily split between three segments: Daily Life, Deadly Life, and the Class Trial. Daily Life consists of you going across the school and interacting with other imprisoned students to get to know them better, learn bits and pieces of their past and identities and other juicy character bits. While this point is entirely non-essential, it still makes the characters (though they mostly fall into a pit of Anime School Archetypes) feel real. Deadly Life is the investigation period, which occurs after a classmate has been found murdered, discovering clues and learning information to uncover the mystery of the murders. PAY VERY CLOSE ATTENTION to everything you find and what everyone says, you never know when it can come into play. Lastly, the Class Trial is where it all comes together, the surviving classmates begin a back and forth debate trying to uncover the truth of the murder and identity of the character, while you try and shoot holes through certain testimonies and find the truth. This is the part where Danganronpa: THH shines, requiring you to put all the information together while also combining slight rail-shooter mechanics to fire Truth Bullets into weak statements to further the trial.Danganronpa: THH is an extremely enjoyable game, with a vibrant cast of interesting (if slightly cliched) characters, a very somber yet unique atmosphere, several pleasant mysteries to uncover, and a very catchy (if somewhat limited) soundtrack. I will admit, the game is not perfect, with some translation changes that someone mess up certain jokes, and the characters are blatant cliches of other anime or school-sims, but that doesn't detract from the fun-factor the game has. So, I'd give this game a hearty 8/10, highly recommend for all murder-mystery fans, plus, a bonus recommendation for anime fans to check out Danganronpa: The Animation, the anime verison of the game series.Good luck, enjoy, and for god's sake, DO NOT LET THE DAMN BEAR GET TO YOU!!! THAT BEAR IS AN AWFUL BEING AND NEEDS TO BE TOSSED IN AN INCINERATOR!"
76561197965107231,Recommended,413410,28600509,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Brick Fight,"Good mystery setup and atmosphere. It's got some of the malingering problems from peers like Phoenix Wright where you know what the answer is and what evidence to provide, but the prompts to present the evidence don't really make sense. Otherwise, it's as good as anyone will say it is. The only major complaint I have is the translation. It's one of those straight from Japanese translations where dialogue isn't localized either out of either laziness or ""to preserve superior Nippon language"" or something, but there are jokes that fall flat on their faces, uncharacteristic dialogue, and dialogue that seems alien to your average English speaker. Otherwise, this is a no-brainer game for people who like detective games."
76561198247412332,Recommended,413410,28924966,Posted: 1 January,all,Elise Piece,"Wonderful game, would highly recommend if you're into text heavy games. Interesting characters and visually appealing styled art. You can choose the difficulty level, so if you want to only focus on story you can set it on easy, or if you are also interested in gameplay then you can set it to more difficult."
,Recommended,413410,28931289,Posted: 1 January,all,Hoi Hoi Hoi,"I bought this game during the Winter Sale for about $18 USDIt took me23 hours tofinish this gameFinished the game on medium difficultyHavent played the extra ""school mode"" you get after beating the gameThis game is for anyone who wants a goodmystery/detective gamewith astrong storyand great supporting characters.The important part of this game is the story and the less you know about it the better it is.The description in the steam store page is practically the only thing you need without getting into spoilers#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author“Investigate murders, search for clues and talk to your classmates to prepare for trial. There, you'll engage in deadly wordplay, going back and forth with suspects. Dissect their statements and fire their words back at them to expose their lies!”"
76561198044841743,Recommended,413410,28930763,Posted: 1 January,all,TERIIYAKI,"I grew up playing the Phoenix Wright series, so I found this game enjoyable. However, some of the voice actors for the characters I absolutely hated, especially Naegi's english voice. So annoying.Post game stuff was an endless grind if you want to 100% the achievements. It REQUIRES you have to play school mode multiple times (played it 4 times). Also getting all the presents from the Monokuma machine is very luck based.I HIGHLY recommend if you're planning on 100% the achievements to first get 999 coins before doing the monokuma machine.Other than that, I'll be playing DR2 soon and hopefully 100% that as well!"
,Recommended,413410,29096665,Posted: 7 January,all,GambyThe4th,"""If you spend all your time trying to avoid danger, you'll never move forward"" - Kyoko Kirigiri.This game couldn't be more memorable than it already is. After playing it for the first time, the story and characters stick around in your head.Storyline: 10/10You can't get any better than this. The game focuses upon you as the main character interacting with other students, investigating murders committed by your fellow friends, and bringing the entire story together to solve the greatest mystery in the game: the mystery behind the school. Everything is mixed with surprising turns and relatable reactions. The execution is phonominal and has a great moral.Characters: 9.5/10It's very easy to love a certain character(s). You're bound to relate to at least one of the characters. You take the role of Makoto Naegi, a student chosen by luck to attend the school called Hope's Peak Academy (the name is very fitting). Every single student has a unique range of strengths, faults, and characteristics that play a part in the story's progression. Although you don't have enough time to fully learn about every specific character, you'll know enough for their possible death to be meaningful.Replay Value: 9/10While the story can't be re-experienced, the game provides an item collecting gimick to experiment with. You'll be able to give fellow students gifts after spending time with them. While the relationship with other students serves little to the story as a whole, you'll have a better understanding of each character as they open up to you. You might even find out about one of them that makes their fate much more meaningful or despairful.Gameplay: 9.5/10The gameplay mainly comes from the freetime you get to learn about the characters more, and how the class trials are structured. While nothing you do will deter from the prefered ultimate ending, that's the way it should be.There is a bad ending, but you'll go right back to the trial to before you made the decision.The story would be too complex if there were too many endings.Overall: 10/10I absolutely loved this game. There's nothing I could change about it and nothing I could suggest to make it more of a masterpiece. I sincerely hope you try this game and not spoil anything, since I'll stress again:you'll love the story more if you figure it all out yourself.There's a sense of accomplishment when completing it yourself and you'll really feel for the magic this game has."
,Recommended,413410,30997305,Posted: 7 April,all,Wolf Angelus,"You can think of this as a complex game of Clue with a lot of depth for the murders. The components consist of part visual novel, part exploration and murder solving. The story itself involves being forced to play a killing game, where someone eventually kills, and everyone else must figure who did it in order to survive, if they fail, the killer lives and everyone else dies. There is a lot of linear progression which is pretty normal, and the only complaint here is the lack of freetime available to talk to the other characters on a more intimate level. Having more time for this would have helped build more connection. As the game progresses, you will learn more about the characters through forced story, and uncover the plot of the whole situation and the reasons for it. Needless to say, if you like mystery (especially the murder kind, or with a dark theme to it), this is for you.Aside from being able to do some roaming, the main appealing point are the class trials. Here you go through a courtroom style debate with all the other students in the form of multiple mini-games and wordplay to uncover who the murderer is, and how it was all done. In this situation, you will probably figure out the who before the how. The first case is a prime example of this due to an overly obvious clue that gives it away. Despite knowing who, there is a lot of elaborate wordplaying and games before you can simply accuse someone. After the first case, the remainder are much more difficult. To give some ideas of what to expect, you use bullet statements gained from clues to counter inaccurate statements from other students, or use a statement from a student against another. There is also a hangman style game, a rhythm based game, and a complete the comic book game. My only complaint with these games are the comic book ones, as some of the pictures are extremely hard to tell as to what is happening in them, making it feel somewhat unfair. There will also be times when the amount of bullet choices and potential dialogue are overwhelming. Also, these can become mentally exhausting as the trial can last up to an hour easy of constant analysis.The depth of the clues and class trial games are what really stand out for me. That, and the artwork, music, and dark themed murder mystery concept. The connection between the events that unfold are really something else, just the amount of thought and tricks to make it all work together must have been very difficult to pull off. This is by far not an easy game either though, and there are plenty of twists throughout that toss your thoughts out the window and make you think about everything again. I originally saw the anime first so it gave a lot of the overall story away, but the experience was still epic.Finally, the characters are really diverse. Each character is the ultimate at one specific thing. It is their ultimate speciality and how different they all are that really contribute heavily to the enjoyment of the game. This makes things more interesting come class trial time as you consider thier motives for killing, or how their ultimate skill may have played a role.Overall, I hate reading typically, but I made an exception here as this is an amazing experience and very worth it. A must buy in my opinion for any mystery/horror fans, you won't be disappointed. The second game is even more amazing, so pick it up as a bundle.Also, Monokuma is the best!Personal experience score:9.5/10Story:9/10 - Very entertaining in terms of a mystery game, there are a lot of complex little bits to pay attention to for helping solve cases. A lack of ""freetime"" with characters during the storymode was unfortunate. While you can learn about everyone afterwards in the other mode, you never got to learn much additional info on 90% of the characters.Sound:9/10 - Great music and fitting for the game.Graphics:8.5/10 - The style of art is truly unique and awesome, from the pink comic-colored blood, to the coloring and design for almost everything else. It is a bit basic though, it felt a bit lacking in detail. My main issue was that the Vsync option in the options, and in the Nvidia panel didn't prevent the tearing during cutscenes.Controls:9/10 - Really basic controller use, there is nothing difficult here. LB hides UI for taking nicer screenshots.Game Length:7/10 - Around 22 hours for the main game, and an additional game mode lasting around 10 hours which is mainly for the purpose of unlocking all achievements. I got so into this that I didn't want it to end. A few more chapters would have been nice. Unfortunately, as this is a murder mystery game, unless you can forget everything, there is little replayability value."
76561198086265303,Recommended,413410,29093448,Posted: 7 January,all,Mman211,"Never have a Waifu, best chance is that she will die."
,Recommended,413410,24954381,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Unfounded,"Never before have I walked away from something and thought: ""That was a masterpiece!"". Every little detail was planned out so perfectly and each chapter felt as exciting as the next. The character designs fall under many stereotypes, but they are each handled in a unique way and every single one is charismatic in some way or another. None of the characters are one dimensional and every single one surprises you in some way with their actions. As you play, the you start to form relationships, only for them to be crushed. There are so many mysteries that start with vague hints that allow you to interpret them in anyway you want. The story gets deeper and more complex as it goes and keeps you excited the whole way through. Which will prevail? HOPE OR DESPAIR?"
,Recommended,413410,29044981,Posted: 5 January,all,Kirigirins,This franchise ruined my life! 10/10! XD
,Recommended,413410,29050775,Posted: 5 January,all,Effluvial Kraken,You want chocolate? BABABABASHIBABOW
76561198009346196,Recommended,413410,29049365,Posted: 5 January,all,SiriusGamer,"Visual novels have never really captivated me for long. I initially decided to get the game because I watched the anime long ago. However, I was surprised to find out that Danganronpa puts a nice twist to the genre: it felt more like a game over a conventional visual novel. I was completely blown away when I was able to physically move around within the game's world rather than what I normally expected from a visual novel.The game has three main phases: a free roaming phase where you can get to know the characters, an investigation phase once a murder has taken place where you search for clues to discover who the murderer is, and finally, a class trial phase (with multiple minigames) where you must figure out ""whodunit"". During the class trials, all of the dialogue is spoken out, making it more enjoyable to set their voices to English rather than Japanese. I also recommend playing the game on the hardest difficulty since it is not that hard and you can always save and load the game more frequently if you have trouble. You can even lower the difficulty once you have already selected one from the beginning the game.This game and its respective anime adaptation (Danganronpa: The Animation) tell the same story (this is the only time in which this happens within the entire Danganronpa timeline). So, if you are new to Danganronpa, it is highly recommended to play the game over watching the anime adaptation since the game goes into much more detail.Moreover, the soundtrack is catchy, each character is memorable and designed uniquely, and the story and dialogue are great. I went from not really caring about the series to absolutely loving it. I highly recommend this game and series in general.If you liked the game, then I highly recommend the game’s sequel “Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair.” Its story is critical for both Danganronpa 3 anime series that have recently been released."
,Recommended,413410,29079335,Posted: 6 January,all,Metal Engie,this game has a large variety of interesting charac- wait nevermind all the cool ones are dead
,Recommended,413410,29080363,Posted: 6 January,all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ / csgolive.com,yes..... just yes.
,Recommended,413410,29078336,Posted: 6 January,all,Ice ╦,Great visual novel experience. Has elements of the Zero Escape series and Phoenix Wright as well as its own unique flair. Took 24+ hours to just beat one play-through. Worth the money if you like either of those two series or if you are new to visual novels in general. Great story and character design/develpoment. Make sure you pay attention to deatils.
,Recommended,413410,29072920,Posted: 6 January,all,Greenknight,"This game...I went into it expecting it to be a darker Ace Attorney. That didn't even scratch the surface. I won't spoil any of it but it is by far one of my favorite if not my favorite steam game. There is a bit of lag but that could be my computer and I do recommend keyboard because of a couple errors I found with things like Xbox controls on it, but these are minor issues. The game and characters are some of the best I've seen and darkest as well. A couple of them seem more like stereotypes but even they show a shocking side of character every now and then. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes story in games and especially to those who like Ace Attorney or games of that sort."
,Recommended,413410,29073568,Posted: 6 January,all,Naikō,"THIS IS A VISUAL NOVEL,NOT REALLYA PUZZLE GAME.Don't mistake this forjust a good read though,thereisgameplay. But most of the game isstillreading. You are walking around the school in a 3D environment, all the characters are 2D. The story is a well thought out one and there are several plot twists. As this is a mystery/detective game, you'll be solving several cases of murder and I found myself often going ""Uh, I know who the murderer is!"" then the game had me find some key evidence resulting in me saying ""Wait.... no that can't be it, nevermind..."" , which was very funny.   ^^Fantastic charactersFantastic music (!)Well thought out and presented storylineFantastic voice acting in english (the voice of monokuma couldn't fit better)Nice art styleTL;DRI highly urge you to buy this game, even though its pricepoint is quite high I'd say it is worth every penny. If you don't actually enjoy it, you can always give it back through steam refunds!Try it,I too didn't think I would like a Visual Novel and yet this series has become my favourite game series!"
,Recommended,413410,24098114,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DoughBoyFresh,"Great story and character devlopment. Gameplay at times can be frustrating because you might know what to do but have to go through some trival gameplay. Overall, great expierence, recommend to anyone that enjoys visual novals or ""Heavyrain/Telltale"" type games."
,Recommended,413410,24087480,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Misunderstood Kekistani,"let me say this - I don't watch anime (and I mean anime. Hentai is okay.. shut up). I honestly can't stand anime. But, I love whodunnits. I love being presented with a situation and being told to solve it. And boy, this game does that. It's very solid with its logic. I can say that the trial aspect of the game is a bit funky, at least before you get use to it. Walking is similar to driving a semi, turning radius included. But the art is unique, I thought I would hate the way it was designed. But, I loved it. The cutscenes are very well done. It's reading, not too much to make you lose your mind but also enough to keep your attention. It's just a very well made game with a solid plot that really does come together in the end. I spent my weekend taking catnaps as short and little as possible because I became enveloped in the story, I couldn't fall asleep otherwise because I couldn't stop thinking about who did it and why. Really a great game. It's also great for low end PCs. I have a gaming desktop, but I was able to cozy up on the couch with my ancient laptop and enjoy this game."
76561197990505519,Recommended,413410,23968756,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,AidsBolaPoxFlu,"This game frustrated me due to the amount of tropes in writing and acting common in Japanese media, but overall I would have to recommend it because of how invested I was by around a third of the way through the game."
76561198066166434,Recommended,413410,23973454,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,shadowgamerxt101,"Hope a four letter word with many meanings this game will make you rethink your opion of that word.The game Danganronpa is a fun mix of phenix wright, dateing sims and a Trigger Haooy Havoc. I would sudgest this to anyone who made thuorgh the anmie andwanted to lren more about the charaters. But if this is your frist time with the franchiez I will stress that YOU SHOULD NOT LOOK UP ANY WALKTHOURS, this will hurt yourm over all enjoyment of figgering out  every thing. I like this game and LOVE the 2. I also HOPE that we also get a port of ultera dispair grils soon."
76561198085077988,Recommended,413410,23881108,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kyon,"Take Ace Attorney, add in just a dash of the social essence found in Persona 3, the Shadow of Teddie in Persona 4, a single grain of a Rhythm Game, the ""Anyone Can Die"" trope, sprinkle it with hope...That is Danganronpa."
,Recommended,413410,23961291,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EₗₑcₜᵣₒᵢDFᵢRₑ,"I found out about this game through a Youtuber I watch occasionally and from first glance at this game, I wasn't sure what kind of experience I was in for; Sure enough, this game made me become a fan of the franchise and made me invested in it's universe. The 15 students you come across each have a unique personality to them and some have deep background stories that helps the player get invested with their situation. The gameplay pretty much consists of exploring throughout the school,interacting with characters, investigating the cases that are presented to you and surviving each Class Trial Monokuma sets up for you guys. This game is heavily reliant on a lot of reading and memorization of the evidence you find and their have been moments I was truly stomped when trying to survive a Case Trial when providing evidence. The one thing to point out though whenever you play this game is to be aware that this game has a very linear choice selection that makes you think you can control the outcome of the story when in reality; you can't. Overall, I would strongly recommend checking this out if you're into suspense and mystery solving with a ton of colorful characters.TL:DRHas some great charactersHas great suspenseThe Gameplay is mainly made up of exploring, intereacting, investigating and doing Case TrialsLinear Choice selectionHeavily Text based"
,Recommended,413410,23957044,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mogul,"If anyone is looking for a game that contains a lot more court drama, intensive situations, character progression, then this visual novel game is for you. Its really worth the price when you get the games during on Steam sales. And I highly recommend getting the bundle for the price of $39.67. As everyone else in the reviews, never go looking up Danganronpa on the internet as they will tend to show spoilers.Hint: Do not never connect with anyone who ends up being your waifu/husbando. It will leave you with a scar once you learn the truth about them."
,Recommended,413410,24011329,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Josmi,"I got into this game expecting a fairly open Persona-style game to blend with Ace Attourney-style mystery. As far as that's concerned, I absolutely got the latter (and just a little of the former). The murder mysteries start out strange, get increasingly more strange, and are strangely satisfying to solve.The game has large sections of Visual Novel to it, and this may be a let-down if you're expecting agency. Not only do in the sense that you will read *a lot* of dialogue and narration, but also how the game can restrict movements to make sure you do things in the order the game desires (e.g. me: ""oh, a body - hey, is that the weapon?"", the game: ""Stop! The plot mandates you see the body now""), including the detective and trail sequences. Play the game knowing this made me feel more safe, release any sense of regret, but also capable to move forward and focus on the details.Monokuma really deserves mentioning. As a villain, he could be described as if the Joker and Deadpool had raised a bear. He's unpredictable, has a deeply dark sense of humour, and breaks the forth wall when he feels like it. As I see it, it's clearly ""the star of the show""."
,Recommended,413410,23976894,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zili,It's 3 AM and im recommending this game. You know its good when someone does that.
,Recommended,413410,24001077,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sopswag,danganronpa is gr8 m8
76561198205481257,Recommended,413410,24022305,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nico Nico No,Danganronpa in nutshellMakoto: HOPE HOPE HOPEKyoko: SHUT UP MAKOTOByakuya: pls b my man servant NaegiToko: MASTER MASTERAoi: Sakura let's eat DONUTSSakura: okay lolChihiro: guys I'm a BOYMukuro: I existed but you didn't knowJunko: DESPAIR B*TCHESSayaka: Naegi-kun is kawaii!!!!Mondo: BROKiyotaka: BROLeon: guys I actually want to rapCeles: stfu peasant I want my teaHifumi: coming right up!Yasuhiro: guys my burger was abductedMonokuma: I f*cking hate teenagers f*ck this sh*t I'm outalso one last thingJust because you love seeing your favourite characters dieinfinite bear puns/10 would recommend this game
76561198005732530,Recommended,413410,23996427,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,zets,"Persona + Phoenix Wright = Danganronpa. Plus, it has an adorably evil teddy bear!"
76561198256139433,Recommended,413410,24026379,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Subzotix,"Well, This game is an unsettling journey, an absorbing moral dilemma and a brilliant, tangled criminal story. For me, it was one of the best visual novels i've ever played."
,Recommended,413410,23856858,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dances with Machines,"If you like the Ace Attorney series and some good story, this is your game. The prologue can be a bit long, but it's a much needed exposition. Other then that, there are no real qualms I have with this game. A must buy."
,Recommended,413410,23865843,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FreeFurret,"First time playing this kind of game, and this game is absolutely fantastic."
76561198027416088,Recommended,413410,23881062,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AceFXF,"This game was a absolute rush from beginning to end. Awesome characters, great story, can't say enough good about it."
,Recommended,413410,23880783,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Resuto,"This game made my brain explode, I can't wait to play 2"
,Recommended,413410,23866353,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,vanilla,I love it. Great game.
76561198019111155,Recommended,413410,24096898,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Radishknight,See my review for the 2nd one! I played them back to back (basically with minimal sleep because.....)
,Recommended,413410,24078913,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LunaticTKR,i knew from the beginning that i needed a waifui chose chihiro10/10 people who played the game know why
76561198273516313,Recommended,413410,29406231,Posted: 21 January,all,LeonBlackDante,it is hulareas and depreesing
76561198049913774,Recommended,413410,31008889,Posted: 7 April,all,Kishibby Diggy,The entire game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kn1g6fHT488But seriously imagine the Suicide Mission from Mass Effect 2 as an entire game but you had no choice in who lives or dies and that's this game.
76561198069752747,Recommended,413410,29349850,Posted: 18 January,all,jerfy_jerf,This is a great game.  A lot of suspense and some good plot twists.  Monukuma will make you cringe in a good way.
,Recommended,413410,29389448,Posted: 20 January,all,The Game Eater,"I expected a neat little side show game while getting ready to play a big ""AAA"" title and what I got is a game that didn't compromise on presentation whatsoever. The artstyle is really unique, the music is super catchy *cough* Box 51 *cough* and a story that is well... perfect. If you like Ace Attorney, visual novels, slick presentation in games, or just damn good narratives, this will probably fill that void. Problems include: no saving in certain lengthy sections and a lack of utiilizing certain features at points. But those are just small nitpicks."
76561198278809535,Recommended,413410,29430952,Posted: 22 January,all,Monokuma,"if you have played or a fan of the Ace Attorney series, then you would love this."
76561198043756069,Recommended,413410,29455739,Posted: 23 January,all,direx,Great game about a series of murder mysteries. Trial mini games might be a bit annoying nearing the end of the game but the plot and characters are more than enough to keep the game interesting.
76561198049208188,Recommended,413410,29217880,Posted: 12 January,all,❦Senpai-chan©❦,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game. On one hand, it's a really good mystery game with good character development and complicated cases that have plenty of twists. On the other hand, class trials are sort of tedious due to the many features you are required to learn in order to successfully solve cases. In fact, the game still introduces more features for class trials in chapter 3! I highly recommend that you play on Gentle difficulty if this is your first Danganronpa game so you can get used to juggling all the features. Gentle difficulty does NOT change the cases, but instead makes class trials have less features. The features make solving the case harder to accomplish. And I don't mean harder as in it's hard to find the answer, I mean hard as in you have to jump through hoops to continue the trial (even though you already probably figured out the answer). Having less of these features makes the class trials less stressful and confusing. There actually is no reason to be ashamed to play on an easier difficulty because the features in the class trials are not what make this game fun, the actual mystery is..."
,Recommended,413410,29292903,Posted: 16 January,all,aho,Are traps still gay?
,Recommended,413410,31016646,Posted: 8 April,all,FetusDeletus,10/10 would watch all my favs die in despair again.
76561198074651518,Recommended,413410,29367396,Posted: 19 January,all,Binaryrobot,"While it may start out as a zany anime highschool, Danganonpa turns out to be a game with an excellent story, three-dimensional characters, and legitimately terryfying moments."
,Recommended,413410,29365261,Posted: 19 January,all,Tarasios,Murder mystery with well-developed characters? Sign me right the ♥♥♥♥ up
,Recommended,413410,29308843,Posted: 16 January,all,Fropps,Goddamn amazing. Nothing less.
,Recommended,413410,29302377,Posted: 16 January,all,OlliKnot,This game has consumed my life.
76561198117273232,Recommended,413410,29304954,Posted: 16 January,all,Chin Chin,This game taught me more than what I learned at school all year.
,Recommended,413410,29308295,Posted: 16 January,all,Roanoke~Ennui,"The story is complex, dramatic and mindbending, the art is stylized and postmodern, the music is catchy, the gamelay is hectic, and the characters (for the most part) are likeable, well-developed, and three-dimensional."
76561198005929566,Recommended,413410,29314566,Posted: 17 January,all,Alpha Bromega,Painfully addictive
,Recommended,413410,29527335,Posted: 27 January,all,Micscope,"You play as a young detective solving crimes. while you're at it you can flirt with other people, giving them presents, bonding, friend(zone)ships, stuff like that.It's basically a detective dating simulator as far as I can tell. The best one atm.Get this game and let's get dem♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!! also♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your preference.There's also a trap, I fall for it ""rock-hard"" if u know what im sayin.And don't get attach to characters. It'll ♥♥♥♥ed you right up. You'll never be the same person again.Also don't look up wiki for anything at all. I got curious about presents and look up *u**o , BOOM! biggest spoiler I've encounter in my life. ♥♥♥♥ it though, story it too good to rage quit."
,Recommended,413410,29355341,Posted: 19 January,all,StripedPanties,"Even a lazy reading like me still enjoy this game. one things I dislike it's the plot on last 2 episodes. Because they(devs) add the16th studentthat make plot too convenient IMO. Otherwise, thumbs up."
76561198142284628,Recommended,413410,29429211,Posted: 22 January,all,Weeb,Buy it.Those are my only words.10/10Also get the sequel.
,Recommended,413410,29423852,Posted: 22 January,all,saiiye | Simonsalty,plot twist simulator
,Recommended,413410,29851612,Posted: 11 February,all,Fawkzi,"This game is a very unique experience.Let me just throw this out there right now. I love to read books, I love to read comic books and graphic novels, I just love to read BUT I hate visual novels with a passion. At least I did until I played this game. A friend of mine urged me to try this out back when it came out on vita but after hearing it was mostly a visual novel I gave it a pass.Picked it up on a whim here on steam and I am so glad I did.It runs smooth, I've found no gameplay bugs or issue and added controller support (Which I do not reccomend using) can be a plus for some, though I use KB/M just fine. There are a lot of things that can be concidered ""Anime Tropes"" in this game but those are intentional.The writing is brilliant, the comedy is absoloutely spot on at times and while it does fall flat in some parts, the stellar writing in general more than makes up for it. The game is also quite lengthy. I currently have over 15 hours thrown in to it and I've only just started the 4th chapter. I hear there are many more to go.It does have issues though.While I praised the writing, there is a very evident issue from the outset in the first chapter where it feels like the game is trying so hard to force a certain character down your throat to the point where it becomes highly annoying.I imagine they did this so you would have the same reaction as the protag when that certain event unfolds but in all honesty I just found myself thinking ""Oh no look at that, had no idea that was going to happen..."" you know, sarcasmThere are a few instances like this throughout the game which make you think the outcome of these chapters is going to be completely predictable and to a point, they are but I have a feeling the developers/writers had this intent so they can blow your mind when you realise your predictions while correct to a certain degree, turn out to be a lot more than you could've thoughtaside from the first chapter, saw that sh!t coming a mile awayGo ahead and pick a waifu, I dare you..10/10 would sads again."
76561198010144457,Recommended,413410,29840068,Posted: 10 February,all,Jin86,The game is pretty unique compared to other interactive novel games. Relies on heavily on story and requires lot of attention and deductive reasoning. Highly reccomend it if you enjoyed phoenix wright or the zero escape series.
76561198119399248,Recommended,413410,29817535,Posted: 9 February,all,TinyAngelSelphie,"While it does start out a little slow and sometimes all the reading can get a bit tedious, it's a great game!Even with watching the anime first (which I actually forgot most of by time I played the game), I still really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,413410,29820536,Posted: 10 February,all,africa by toto,WHO IT'S FOR:Ace Attorney fans who want more waifusWHO IT'S NOT FOR:People who like to see the inside of girl's bathrooms
,Recommended,413410,29827241,Posted: 10 February,all,Delskiitot,"Well written story, never read this much before..."
76561198068042593,Recommended,413410,29833483,Posted: 10 February,all,PAniCMAN,is good
,Recommended,413410,29743938,Posted: 6 February,all,theking1998,This game is one of my favorite. I totally recommend it and I recommend watching the anime. The story is so cool and everything is just worth it.
,Recommended,413410,26928488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sodaFox,A bunch of kids murder each other whilst a bear jacks off to it.
76561198126599631,Recommended,413410,29888679,Posted: 12 February,all,ikskesmz,"The good:  An outstanding villain.  It is little surprise that Monokuma has become the symbol of the series, especially with this game. Also, the executions while somewhat graphic are also well done considering the outcome.The bad: It is a port.  Some of the minigame controls make this hard to do from time to time, but if all else fails you can change it to easy.  The visual novel portion of getting everyone's report card is also something of a level grind.  Still, the main game is worth the money.As for as the premise, its a who-dunnit, with a bunch of extra-ordinarily talented highschoolers.  My only advice regaridng general game play is don't overthink this.  For the first level, it was fairly tutorial like.  The next one had a difficulty spike, but they were all fairly consistent after that.  I thought that they would be slightly more intelligence required with a who-done-it, but it does make sense.  Highschoolers should not be good at committing murder."
,Recommended,413410,31029445,Posted: 8 April,all,Danashae,"The music is fantastic, the voice overs are fun, and its somewhat of a mix between a fever nightmare and Phoenix Wright. It's the bouncy, whacky Japanese nitch game that can really shock you. I got a little emotional playing, and that so not what you would believe would happen going in. I can't wait to jump into the sequel."
,Recommended,413410,30265695,Posted: 1 March,all,Khimer,Couldn't stop until the end.
76561198179046755,Recommended,413410,30268525,Posted: 1 March,all,RealNihilisticNinja,"It's interesting how divided opinions can be on Dangan Ronpa. I've seen opinions across the spectrum, and therefore thought it appropriate to give my own. I feel like a lot of people look at it the wrong way. While the mysteries in DR are fundamentally coherent and acceptable, any mystery fan will be able to crack most of them pretty easily and they often involve a very simple case that is simply overcomplicated by outside factors, a manner which could also easily become repetitive. That said, the cases do manage to hold up to casual scrutiny and are typically fun for at least one playthrough, which may be all one needs.The main plot is well known at this point, as is its rather wacky and cartoonish nature. If that isn't your thing, you probably won't like the game much, because it is all about wacky comedy and cartoonish exaggeration. If you do, however, it does definitely succeed at what its trying to do, playing off common tropes extremely effectively. I don't want to say too much to avoid spoilers, so I'll leave it at that.The game design is pretty solid- there are two aspects: Free Time and Investigaiton/Trial.The investigation and trial segments borrow a good deal from ace attorney but that's fine, because if it isn't broke, why fix it? The system is altered in a way to fit Dangan's plot while still being engaging and intriuging. In many ways the non-stop debate-stylings of DR and the minigames can be more engaging than AA's own mechanics. Overall it definitely makes for an enjoyable playthrough and facilitate having fun quite nicely. The main strength of the trials is watching the pesonalities of the participants bounce off and interact with each other to create tension and drama, which brings us to Free Time.Free Time involves interacting with the characters, who vary in quality but tend to be at least decent with some level of development as the story goes on- even some of the characters that lie early can manage to be endearing or captivating in their own way. And Makoto is a strong protagonist who believes in people and believes in having hope despite the tragic circumstances around them. The cast is benefited by solid VA work essentially all around, except Sakura's whic feels rather misguided.Overall DR is a ride but it's a ride I definitely enjoy getting on and if you're somehow late to the party, I invite you to join it."
76561198040955507,Recommended,413410,30212837,Posted: 26 February,all,Tsundere King,"Really good detective/invesitgate visual novel in the same vein as phoenix wright. Kind of unrealistic / wacky but has a really solid story overall. Has a kind of weird paper mario stlye graphics that is weird but you grow accustomed to it quickly. Solid game, the waifus are all kinda trash though."
,Recommended,413410,30212351,Posted: 26 February,all,tmoney,Great detective style game with pretty cool art and voice actors.
76561198024774437,Recommended,413410,30232078,Posted: 27 February,all,Huwonk,"One of the best murder mystery games ever made.  Tons of personality, a lot of content, and a great story."
76561198018539708,Recommended,413410,31171779,Posted: 15 April,all,SebC,"Phoenix Wright: Battle RoyaleA surprising and very good game, provided you're not allergic to japanese crazyness and caricatural characters."
,Recommended,413410,29325034,Posted: 17 January,all,TheQuebecNinja,Why is the blood in this series replaced with Pepto Bismol?Great game btw
76561198043223982,Recommended,413410,29169348,Posted: 10 January,all,mark ofthebeast143,More twists then a rastafari's dreadlocks. If you can get it. You won't be dissapointed.
,Recommended,413410,29102374,Posted: 7 January,all,The Dark Souls of Video Games,"One of the most tense and satisfying games I've ever played. It's also really dark which is great. If you see this game on sale, than buy it. It's great!"
,Recommended,413410,29247348,Posted: 14 January,all,snowywolff,"This game is amazing! All the characters are loveable thanks to the ability to get to know them more and more through certain events. The plot is truly magnificent with twists I hadn't expected. The trials are really fun and interesting with a steady build-up in dificulty. Even multiple playthroughs are fun, because you read back and actually see the suspicious behaviour of the killers/traitors/masterminds."
,Recommended,413410,29261998,Posted: 14 January,all,FierceCake765,"Danganronpa is, by far, one of the best games i have ever played. This is more of an experience, but has plenty of game elements thrown into it in order to keep you on your feet. It has a feel too it, where you just have to keep playing. The characters are original, fun, and believe me when i say this, DO NOT skip free time."
76561198024596811,Recommended,413410,29310654,Posted: 16 January,all,SlyMonk,Overall good story and great character developement. This game has become one of my favorite games.
76561198126757892,Recommended,413410,29463417,Posted: 24 January,all,PiChi,35 days only eat rich for this game >.<
76561198027044115,Recommended,413410,29413547,Posted: 21 January,all,Ryantgm,"This game is awesome, i didnt expect to have that much fun besides all the event are so unpredictable! a really new kind of game to my favorite list."
,Recommended,413410,29413849,Posted: 21 January,all,Hydra259,"I had never really been one for anime or games in this style, I had actually been putting off everything that had to do with Danganronpa ever since my co worker had recommended it to me. I finally decided to say ""This actually seems interesting, screw it I'll buy the game."". Needless to say I have no regrets doing so. I absolutely love this game, it's story is so compellng and always has you wanting to know more and keeps you more or less glued to the screen. Character development was executed perfectly as well, I symphasized with every character at least more than once. The only thing that caught me off guard were the aspects of the class trial they occassionally added, it was a bit confusing at first and didn't seem to fit in but I was soon able to get the hang of it after a bit of practice. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone willing to give it a shot."
,Recommended,413410,30064597,Posted: 20 February,all,Anita Cafe,"I really want to leave this game more of a neutral review, because while it's enjoyable, it's not what I thought it was. Granted, I didn't do a lot of research into it, but I usually don't with games anyways because I hate spoilers on my first play through. As an investigative game, it's pretty linear. You do have to discover clues yourself, yes, but you can easily press a button and everything in a room you can interact with is highlighted. Even if you have several crime scenes, and say you need to compare something, it pretty much just tells you to head back from Point B to Point A. There's no way to miss or gather more because the story just auto continues on once you have everything needed.Trials are more of the fun part, but in story mode, they are limited. While the controls are a bit wonky - originally being designed for touch screens - it's pretty neat how during free time you can befriend the characters to learn more skills that  enhance game play further. However, put these kinda mini game features aside, again, court trials are pretty linear. You have to figure out the correct order of things and there's no room for different scenarios. In other words, either do the right thing or game over.So over all if you want an investigative/debate style game as it's advertised, it is in fact that, but it's easy. The only some what difficult parts you will encounter is during the trials where you will have to guess what goes with what, requiring you to pay attention to the story as you play.I'd call it a visual novel with a fixed ending. As such, the characters and the storyline are good. If you couldn't guess it's an anime style storyline, with a lot of twists and turns. Some things I could predict were going to happen, but others I was pretty surprised. I think that's what kept me playing for thirty hours, I just wanted to see what would happen. The art work, especially the death scenes, is pretty intriguing. And, the game genuinely made me laugh at times despite all the dark drama! On the downside however, this ended up being a game I was glad to finish. There is a lot of dialogue, that to me felt like filler, even for a visual novel.Also for achievement wh--- lovers *cough*, they are not all easy and there's a lot of replayability because after the storyline, there are more mini style games to play. I'm rather burnt out now on the game though and haven't messed with these. Perhaps later... maybe... some day. Again, kind of ready to play something else and it won't be Daganronpa 2."
76561198113275112,Recommended,413410,30098878,Posted: 22 February,all,ayah panjang kaki,10/10 would kirigiri again
76561198053874008,Recommended,413410,30093000,Posted: 21 February,all,Ebayo,One day you are bonding with your classmates during breaks fast.Next day you are investigating a stabbed dead random girl in a shower.Pretty realistic simulator of high schools nowadays.Thumbs up!
,Recommended,413410,30116633,Posted: 23 February,all,Boownage,"Best visual novel game ever made, the story is amazing and thrilling, one thing I didn't like about the game was the minigames you have to play when in court. Doesn't matter though, the game is great as is the second game."
76561197971861210,Recommended,413410,29855453,Posted: 11 February,all,Nudelsuppe,"Its good, but a lot of dialogue is reeeally stretching the play time out and gets annoying the longer you play. The game is easy, you get fed all important informations time and time again, which can also get annoying to more experienced people than can figure things out themselves. But the game is overall a fun experience and if nothing else, very unique."
76561198045677543,Recommended,413410,26247732,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Hypnotik,"I cannot recommend this game enough. The story is fantastic, the gameplay elements in the class trials keep things dynamic, and the different characters are all unique. A fair warning to anyone wanting to play or currently playing this: Never search for ANYTHING involved in this game online, as there are a TON of spoilers. Don't even type a character's name into the search bar, as the recommended searchs can be spoilers. I will warn you, this game will hit you very hard mentally/emotionally. However, this just makes you even more invested in and commited to the game. Once again, I recommend this game in the very highest regard. As much as I would like to go into further detail, I don't want to spoil the slightest thing.Also, there is a sequel that expands upon the story in this game, so I highly recommend buying the bundle that includes both games, as the second has characters that are just as good, and an even better story. Finally, this should go without saying, but don't even start the second game without completing this one first.10/10, would despair again. One of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,413410,31026654,Posted: 8 April,all,Belphegor,"I was going to watch the anime of this one but then just wanted to solve the cases by myself. The story was good, though I was more into the unique of each character's personality. Only got mad with the bullet time battle, cost me more time than discorering the culprit"
,Recommended,413410,30016206,Posted: 18 February,all,Albern,"A visual novel a la Ace Attorney, yet offers much more gameplay and skill on top of the mystery deduction. Fantastic game overall and recommend the entire series!"
,Recommended,413410,32512894,Posted: 17 June,all,brown seagull,Great
76561198017482014,Recommended,413410,21550498,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Tsuruhi,"OMG! I really love this game x3 If you are really into Phoenix Wright's games, you MUST play this! I've watched the anime and played it, and I can  say that both are amazing! If you're really into mysteries, murderer's case and stuff like that, this game is what you're looking for! xDPros:- Amazing Story- Great characters- Nice investigation system- Class Trials are AMAZINGCons:- some bugsBUY IT! BUY IT! xDDD"
,Recommended,413410,24399986,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dirk,"It took me two days to complete the bare basics of the game. Those two days were well worth it.,"
,Recommended,413410,32701037,Posted: 23 June,all,Chlorure,"If you are looking for a light hearted happy go lucky visual novel, run away. RUN. GO. This game will bring you only sadness and despair.I recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed the Phoenix Wright serie."
76561198397954082,Recommended,413410,32918635,Posted: 28 June,all,Ascension Akira,"The game is interesting story about the murderous school and the very story of despair and hope is pretty well thought out that, delaying to play further. Gempley also did not shake from the search for clues to the classroom is quite interesting, especially the classroom court."
76561198031446201,Recommended,413410,32897608,Posted: 27 June,all,bloomage00,"A very exciting game if you into an RPG\Story Book type game.  The reveals and character development alone make this game a great buy.  Despite it being full price or not.  Also the graphics are amazing based off an anime.  It will give you tons of playtime, not to mention the other games.  :)"
,Recommended,413410,32904970,Posted: 27 June,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Do you like the whole high school battle royal thing? Do you like Ace Attorney memes? If you enjoy any of those you will most likely enjoy this game too.
76561198274547549,Recommended,413410,32907244,Posted: 27 June,all,elissacponyrainbow,"I feel like this game is great cosidering it is a ""detective"" game and visual novel.  I like how the game focuses more on the cases, and overall structure and plot and ties that in with the characters (motives and intentions.) it has its own style with dialouge and development,  which makes the experiance more enjoyable and it kept me entitled with anxiousness for the trails.  To me, the game reflects realistic intentions from each character and how that affects the overall game.  I also like how the game ties in so much genres of games (visual novel, detective, etc.) also adding the free time events and such. I love the freedom within the game as well, (this is what most games miss) the game lets you have mutiple choices and doesnt restrict you, making it sutible for the general age group, it allows you to be more engaged instead of feeling like youre in class(more creative.) also the soundtrack and art is soooooo lit and inventive, i recommend using monokuma coins for that. I would reccomend Danganropa!!!! buy it. like right now."
,Recommended,413410,32912432,Posted: 27 June,all,金 eX JoKeR,"definitely worth to try this unique genre game,story 5/5music 5/5gameplay 5/5replay 3/5overall: 5/5"
,Recommended,413410,32829705,Posted: 26 June,all,agameraaron,"Danganronpa is a murder mystery type game with a number of surprises to change up the formula. There is an exploration, investigation and trial phase for each chapter. During the trial there is a court where you have to piece together how each event unfolded, solving for the many information gaps during the case. You do this by literally shooting at contradictions with bullets representing certain evidence. I wasn't sure what to think of it at first, but as the game went on it became quite fun and grew on me.The characters are very eccentric and the plot has many twists. The environment itself opens up to more areas as the story progresses. My only complaint about the design is they use bright purple to represent blood. Some say it's a 'stylistic choice', but it's pretty clear it's a transparent means to cater to censors. Still, it really shouldn't stop you from enjoying the story, aesthetics & gameplay. The music is just fantastic.I only have two minor technical complaints. I played the Linux version and it works perfectly aside from a delay in the video. Maybe a codec problem? There is also an issue where if my gamepad became unplugged (which happens unfortunately too often with a wired dual shock 4) then it would no longer work for the duration of the program's run. I would need to operate the game on keyboard to save and then reload the game.Overall I highly recommend this game! The sequal is also here on Steam & I'm making my way through it now. Needless to say, this game was so good that I had to play more."
76561197999327226,Recommended,413410,32823422,Posted: 26 June,all,spark2,16/10 would watch out for Mukuro again
,Recommended,413410,32796585,Posted: 25 June,all,Foodshops,"You try to survive, struggle and pursue the true murderer in a group full of waifus, husbandos, annoying jerks and secret holders to fight against a sadistic teddy bear who looks like he's gone through a wet ying yang paint circle.10/10 game"
,Recommended,413410,32602823,Posted: 20 June,all,Valluxor,If I'm playing this again you can be certain that I have chosen yet another victim to subject to despair and that's truly the best part about this series.
,Recommended,413410,33528135,Posted: 13 July,all,ethan819,"This was a great game, gripping story made it difficult to stop playing. I'm impressed by the amount of playtime, I thought a story-drivin game like this would have little replay value and be short, but I've just made it through the campaign once and spent upwards of 25 hours in this game. It's very unique too, mixing visual novel elements with lots of gameplay. It's one of the best games I've played in recent memory, and I'd really recommend it."
,Recommended,413410,33489681,Posted: 12 July,all,idiot,Dang! An ronpa!
,Recommended,413410,33456434,Posted: 11 July,all,Goshnewman,game gets really spicie (ouchie)
,Recommended,413410,33388834,Posted: 8 July,all,ckowkay,"Its one of those ""You dont have to remember all the characters' names if they all get killed off"" stories"
,Recommended,413410,33486775,Posted: 12 July,all,ChicoFede,*Gorgeus OST*Awesome gameplay*Damn good trials
,Recommended,413410,33441447,Posted: 10 July,all,n3Zha loves NeoTokyo,"10/10 would buy, play, feel depressed, cry for 3 months, write a review 3 months after playing the game and have no girlfriend cause im writing this instead of going out again"
,Recommended,413410,23625346,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Mono,I <3 this $29.99 game.
76561198066254443,Recommended,413410,33450446,Posted: 11 July,all,Creedican (Weeb),"Good game, Good Plot Twists, Good Waifus"
76561198241565782,Recommended,413410,33471184,Posted: 11 July,all,Baron_Tequacat,"THE DANGANRONPA DRINKING GAME:Every time a character says (Not thinks, unless you're suicidal) the words ""Hope"" or ""Despair"", take a shot of your drink of choice. The phrase ""Hope's Peak Academy"" counts.Please note that you'll likely be dead within the first twenty minutes, but at least that'll save you from the imminent psychological damage of discovering that the game kills off all the best characters as quickly as it can manage.10/10 Would get alcohol poisoning and watch muh Waifu(s) die a horrible death again"
76561198322867134,Recommended,413410,28301213,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Saetan,I definitely recommend this very interesting game to the people who are very interested in mysteries/murder! It really helps your brain into thinking more complex conclusions... if that makes sense lol. All these surprises coming out at every corner just really gets you frustrated. Definitely one of my favorite games out there.
,Recommended,413410,33362755,Posted: 7 July,all,M̸̆͘ò̵̚n̵̉̓ò̵̑,"Just don't get too attached to most of the characters.Just focus on the gameplay and story.And you'll be saying the phrase ""SORE WA CHIGAYO"" alot."
,Recommended,413410,33351757,Posted: 7 July,all,Hex Maniac Quinn,"Shout Out to NicoB's Let's Plays for introducing me to the series! Even if I know what's going to happen in the games out so far ahead of time (they were previously on consoles I didn't own anyways), it's still a pleasure to play through - 100%.This game has an unbeatable mix of murder mystery and a case of the animes. How nonsensical the characters can be, while you still have a growing attachment to them,  provide a good contrast to the deadly situation they're in and the paranoia that is growing among the students. You feel feel the inexplicable urge to buy as much Monokuma merch as you can.If you enjoy games such as theAce Attorneyseries, or perhaps you are also a fan of another Spike Chunsoft property,Zero Escape, thenDanganronpais certainly worth a try. Give it more than the first investigation and trial, though - the tutorial is easy, but keep playing to see the real curveballs it throws at you.This and its following games are currently my favorite on Steam, along with theTo The Moonseries,Mad Father, and Season 1 of Telltale'sThe Walking Dead."
,Recommended,413410,23734906,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,«´¨`•°.SHODAN.°•´¨`»,(placeholder for actual review)Buy if you:-are looking for a good entry point into (ADV) visual novels.-are intrigued by the premise.-like idiosyncratic characters and unconventional storytelling.Don’t buy if you:-don’t like the anime aesthetic.-don’t like reading lots of dialogue.Ratings:Story: 8Characters: 9Execution: 8Gameplay: 6Enjoyment: 9
76561198116813250,Recommended,413410,33013619,Posted: 29 June,all,.Chocolate,"Story time:This game was on sale so I thought I buy it. After I payed, I realized I'm not really interested in it. So I tried it out to decide if I should get a refund. It was supposed to be a quick try since I had to work the day after.I have never been so tired at work... I played through the whole night and barely could stop it. It was a long time since I was so hooked to a game."
,Recommended,413410,33365262,Posted: 7 July,all,Mecharain,This game is hilarious <3
,Recommended,413410,33528597,Posted: 13 July,all,Blueninjaden,Did I really just get attatched to that character right before they die. 10/10 no strings attatched
76561198031994154,Recommended,413410,33668039,Posted: 20 July,all,vegard,"I bought this hoping it would be a new Zero Escape. It is not.The game has a lot going for it, a colourful cast of characters, a nice crime-laden storyline and appealing visuals. But the gameplay itself is just not fun. Especially the free-time segments, where you have to hunt down characters from an ever dwindling cast in an ever growing estate, feels like a chore.The minigame-driven class trials works much better, but there are way too many varieties. Even in the end-game they keep introducing new gameplay elements complete with tutorials. Nothing ruins tension more effectively than suddenly breaking into a rythm-game at the climax of a trial, and it feels like I spent more time figuring out how to use the gamepad that solving puzzles.But I still had a lot of fun, despite its quirks and flaws, and I already bought the sequel."
,Recommended,413410,33681490,Posted: 20 July,all,T_Man1213,"1) Watched animation not realizing there was actually a game for it, plus more.2) Bought the 1st game over a year later to experience the great story all over again, plus the 2nd cuz I know I'll like it.3) Loved the 1st, so tries to 100%...4) Eventually learn that the final achievements are ""grind-material""...5) Slowly loses sanity... ever so slowly...6) Gives rating of 9.9/10. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,413410,33551583,Posted: 14 July,all,lol-man,"Stimulating visual novel with dark themes and interesting gameplay elements. Throughout the game there was always a somewhat eerie atmosphere with the creepy look of the school and the fact that you can never see how it looks outside. Many emotions are poured into the many twists and turns of a mystery visual novel like this one. The story is great and has many likeable characters, would recommend to fans of Ace Attorney. (Whether you choose Japanese or English voices may or may not change your impressions of certain characters...)"
,Recommended,413410,33492379,Posted: 12 July,all,hobobishop,Fine story with a few uneasy parts. The logic puzzles usually make sense. There is a fun diversion for beating the game. It's worth the money.
,Recommended,413410,29925089,Posted: 14 February,all,Modest,"You are the glue that keeps everyone together, but Kyoko is the glue that keeps you together."
,Recommended,413410,33590007,Posted: 16 July,all,chanzilla,"characters are well written and flushed out. actually felt invested in the fate of my classmates. didn't see some of the twists coming! i like the first person exploration, but the controls for that were really wonky lol. would recommend if murder mysteries are your thing!"
,Recommended,413410,33894007,Posted: 29 July,all,Veyggar,"Good game, love all the awsome character and the crazy story."
76561198086053881,Not Recommended,413410,28830616,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,zPyrrhusIlTaccuinoMagico,"EDIT-Actually what the ♥♥♥♥ was I thinking when I wrote this review. This game is horrible and if you try to explain the story behind it in any way you realise it makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense at all. When I said the story was good before I was probably thinking about how intriguing was the mystery of the photos you find but the explanation behind them is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when you try to think about it. The second game is also horrible but has minimally better gameplay but more pointless fanservice than this one. Do not buy either game. Old review below._____________________________________________________________I'm on the fence on recommending this game or not despite how many things I dislike about it. I'm not attempting to damn it by faint praise; I'm praising it, but only faintly, because that's what it deserves in my opinion. tl;dr at the last paragraphThe first playthrough takes about 22 hours. There's a new game mode of sorts that opens up at the end but I didn't look much into it, it doesn't seem to be my thing.The story is very interesting overall, and the mystery behind it is the reason I  played the game to its end.You may or may not like the artstyle, depending on your tastes.The soundtrack... is just kinda there. There's like only four tracks or something. It's sort of repetitive and while most of the tracks are alright none of them really stand out.The gameplay is alright, even though BTBs kind of threw me off at first: they don't fit that well with the rest of the game, but they were okay after all. However, in most chapters you are basically hand-lead through the investigative section and through any actual reasoning you need to make to solve the current case. Also, many times you'll enter the 'trial' phase without all the evidence, so if you were hoping to guess who the culprit was before starting to throw accusations around, you often won't be able to do so.So if in the investigative section for each case you are guided by the game, when do you need to reason on your own? Well, I mentioned before that what makes this game good is the story. While investigating, some stuff you'll find and some sentences you'll hear won't be that relevant to the current case, but will allow you to make hypothesis on some other mysteries, and I think that's where the fun of the game lies.The characters... My god, the characters. Almost every character in the game is unremarkable, uninteresting, unrelatable, unrealistic, and/or unlikeable. You'll feel bad for them because they're in a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situation, of course, but you'd feel bad for anyone in their situation anyway, so that's no excuse for me to overlook the fact that most of them suck.On a few occasions, the game progresses the way it does purely because the main character makes stupid decisions without allowing the player to intervene.The game treats very oddly, I'd even say in a dangerously superficial way, concepts such as masculinity, femininity, truth, and mental health.In the end, the game does have a confused but positive message of hope. However, it also teaches you to bottle up your emotions, never talk about how you feel to anyone, and to lie constantly. There's more than that: you are expected to feel thankful and grateful towards the character that teaches you this. That character is presented as an exclusively a positive model. That character is never wrong, never does anything wrong. That's absolutely unbelievable and ridiculous and I hate that character with all my heart.Let's talk about the bear, the mascot of the game. I don't mind that it's a bear, or the bear puns (which are actually fairly rare, I bearly noticed any of them during my playthrough). However, one of the first thing it admits itself is that nothing it says makes sense. So why should I, the player, have to read what it says? Therefore, I skipped every Monokuma Theatre section (which is basically just the bear spouting utter nonsense every in-game night) and some other lines as well.That said, if you can stand the characters' inanity, there are a very interesting mystery story and a very passable gameplay behind all of this. If you get this, try to get it on sale."
76561198250814326,Recommended,413410,33526702,Posted: 13 July,all,HellHound_Cerberus13,"It is a very fun mystery and puzzle solving game. I got the game because I did enjoy the anime series, but I find the game to be better. The music is pretty good and so is the voice acting. The game can take a while to finish, I haven't completed it myself, but that's what makes it fun. I really want to try the second and the upcoming third game."
,Recommended,413410,33911324,Posted: 30 July,all,Ayy lMao Zedong | hellcase.com,Its a mastapiece.BEwARe for Monokuma and tons of Despair.
76561198282731363,Recommended,413410,33833970,Posted: 27 July,all,Bitch-Chan,"This game was absolutely AMAZING! I loved everything about this game. The characters were well designed, the plot was easy to follow and extremely interesting, and the voice acting was Phenomenal. I love that you can walk though the areas and interact with the characters and objects. I absolutely loved the Debating part. It was easy to play and got you really immersed into trying to convince the other characters by using the evidence you found as proof. I enjoyed every second of this game and didn't even realize how many hours I had played until I looked at my watch each time. You'll get sucked into the story and fall in love with characters as well as hate other ones. And when you solve the mystery, you'll be amazed at how well everything was thought out."
,Recommended,413410,33938395,Posted: 31 July,all,Jahkub,"This game is cool. No spoilers in this reviewPros:-Great atmosphere-(mostly) good and engaging characters-several unexpected twists (constantly)-fun gameplay (comparable to the Ace Attorney series)Cons:-the murderer is usually easy to guess. only once did I not guess during investigation-lack of ability to change difficulty. I went normal mode since I was told that it was a hard game. little did I know the game was ridiculously easy. if your reading this, and you havent played the game yet, choose ""mean"" mode. it will be much more amusing and challenging-not really anything else comes to mind. maybe how they keep killing off the peeps that i like"
76561198324917584,Recommended,413410,33962732,Posted: 1 August,all,(•ิ_•ิ)?,一代没有滑板不开心:(
,Recommended,413410,33980517,Posted: 2 August,all,Rat Princess,"This game is incredible, I watched the anime about 2 years ago and was intrigued by the franchise and since then have always been into DR, I sadly fell flat by watching said anime though! The game is incredible, so much better, the characters have actual development and the way that the music and voice acting combines creates such an experience like no other! I'm only 5 hours into the game but I know that I love it and I'm so glad I'm getting round to playing the actual game, please give it a go if you're interested or have watched the anime! IT'S SUPERIOR!!"
,Recommended,413410,33982084,Posted: 2 August,all,MonochromeMagician,"This game has a focus on story and so the gameplay can feel a little lacking. I'd say there is about 20 hours of solid plot along with 5-10 hours of side/post-game content. You won't know whose going to be there when you wake up, so spend your rare free moment with that character you've been eyeing before they're gone! What I love about this game is it starts out so simple and obvious until the final trials have you suspecting nearly everyone.Play this game."
76561198247006176,Recommended,413410,34063276,Posted: 6 August,all,Hannah's Massive Cock™,"(I played this game offline so my hours don't look good, in reality I have about 30)Amazing gameplay, amazing story, amazing characters. Overall this game is down right amazing. The tag ""story rich"" doesn't begin to explain it. In my opinion this is one of those hidden gems that I feel should be more noticed. With the second game out and the third to be released this fall, I hope it will convince more people to get into this game series. The series itself is a masterpiece, I can never get enough of it. I truly do reccommend this game to anyone and everyone, even if you don't like the mystery genre, (I didn't before playing this game) it's a must play."
76561198106153317,Recommended,413410,34042801,Posted: 5 August,all,dominik.bako,I hate this game.
76561198008293310,Recommended,413410,33916743,Posted: 30 July,all,BobMonster,"You should buy this game for you and all of your friends because they ran out of money for Sakura's Revenge!But seriously, the story is really good! Lots of plot twists and enjoyable characters. Sure some might say ""generic anime characters"" but that didn't bother me that much. Considering this was my first VN I ever played it was very enjoyable. Got 100% on the achievements and on to the next one! Get ready GD!"
,Recommended,413410,22701490,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,sy swift,FFFFFFFFFFFF U !!!!!!!!!!!!!MY GIRL!!!!!!!!FIRST BLOOD???!!!!But this game is good though
76561198096208000,Recommended,413410,34066487,Posted: 6 August,all,Justin,they killed my waifunow they pay with a review
76561198335895955,Recommended,413410,34173851,Posted: 11 August,all,schmirler,Amazing
76561198311583139,Recommended,413410,34179821,Posted: 11 August,all,CrazyAlchemist,This is personally my favorite game ever. If you ever want a game to make you think than this game is really the game for you. It can make you question people it can make you shed tears or both despair and joy. I hope that everyone who plays it enjoys.
76561198027994280,Recommended,413410,22599862,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Ismaru,"Pupupupupupuuu~ This game was awesome! The storytelling is great and keeps you at the tip of your chair. Every time someone ended up ""missing"", I entered subsequent rooms with a deep breath hoping I'd find a body, but also being somewhat scared of finding a corpse. The entire situation is really tense and crazy, yet the thoughts of the narrator seem so realistisc you constantly get that feeling of ""I would've probably thought/done the same in that situation"".Pro'sThe story.Definitely the story. Of course this is what makes or breaks a visual novel. I'm not interested in most visual novels but this one was fantastic!Storytelling. Now I've put this up as a seperate point and though it seems identical to the first one, I really mean the way the story is told here. It's done in a good pace so you can keep up and yet constantly get surprised by new developments. Even sidetracking the main storyline through talking to individual characters was interesting.Nice to look at from a visual perspective. Not graphically outstanding, but definitely not bad either.Good soundtrack, at some point you just associate certain situations with certain tunes and they just fit perfectly!ConsThe game had a crazy amount of mechanics, some worked out better than others. For example there's a capsule machine where you can collect all kinds of objects, that you can give to other students in your ""free time"". Both the capsule and the ""free time"" didn't add too much to the story of the game. I can't say it was boring, but I think it could've been more elaborate.You need to be ready to read through a lot of dialogue. It's really not that much of a game if you compare it to other games (hence the category ""visual novel""), as most of the time you're working your way through dialogue. Not necessarily a bad point if you're up for that and if it's actually worth reading :)I already look forward to playingDanganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair, the sequel to this awesome game. Also, if you like the Danganronpa series, you might also like the ""Zero Escape"" series. It's not for PC, but if you own a handheld it's definitely worth looking for!Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,413410,34205086,Posted: 12 August,all,Theusmellthis,"I couldn't recommend these games enough, with great story gameplay and characters.  This game is unique where it makes you want to keep playing and stop playing at the same time.  Buy Danganronpa Trigger Happy Havoc, Goodbye Despair, and Ultra Despair Girls as soon as possible!  Then get Danganronpa v3 as soon it comes out and play that as well!"
76561198244333324,Recommended,413410,34182991,Posted: 11 August,all,Thotokuma,ur gonna cry
,Recommended,413410,34198088,Posted: 12 August,all,Bare Bitch,you can date a cute dead trap
76561198104675566,Recommended,413410,34205633,Posted: 12 August,all,abby.fizzy,"Danganronpa had my full undivided attention. I was going in expecting something totally different gameplay-wise since its tagged as horror(???), but I didn't mind it at all. Its basically a visual novel with rhythm mini-games, aiming at stuff, plus some simple mystery elements(choosing evidence that supports your statements, pointing out others' false claims, etc). I had the game set to the hardest difficulty and didn't have much trouble with it, aside from the bullet time battles. I didn't really mind that the game was easy though, since the story is what kept me playing it. So, this game is very character + story centric which i LOVE, so if thats your thing than you should give this series a try."
76561198194670315,Recommended,413410,34268413,Posted: 15 August,all,Asian Hunter,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,413410,34297785,Posted: 16 August,all,Bacon Zorp,I thought I found visual novels were boring.And then this game happened.
76561198293281858,Recommended,413410,35125482,Posted: 22 September,all,Marina Brouwer,I love the Danganronpa series with all my heart and Trigger Happy Havoc is to thank for that! This game sucked me into this mad killing game universe beyond the point of any return. The story is suspenseful and full of twists you can't see coming! Definitely recommend if you love solving mysteries.
76561198102113122,Recommended,413410,35182309,Posted: 24 September,all,dhomy-21,one of the best visual novel games
76561198126651587,Recommended,413410,35165574,Posted: 23 September,all,Garedolf,It's like Matlock with a Mainiac Teddy Bear
,Recommended,413410,29511243,Posted: 26 January,all,The Angel,Best VN and detective series i played.11037/10
,Recommended,413410,34970130,Posted: 15 September,all,MrBetter,<3
76561198093113052,Recommended,413410,35014599,Posted: 16 September,all,Nacho,"Generally I really liked this game. But there is one thing that needs to be fixed; probably it's only happening on pc versions, and the beats in BTB are definetely off. No matter how many times I click at the right time, it keeps on giving me 'fail'."
,Recommended,413410,35010668,Posted: 16 September,all,Redii0,Super fun characters and gameplay. Celeste > everybody
76561198042155215,Recommended,413410,35049634,Posted: 18 September,all,Neeya,"The game is amazing. The game mechanics and visuals are good and the characters all stand out from one another.The game is fairly easy even on mean difficulty and not using any skills, as the developers have stated the game is supposed to be a novel with interactivity first and an actual game second.  While some might complain about how the game is mostly text based, thats the point of the genre and the developers had full intention from the start to have it this way and it works out amazingly.The story for this game is fairly self contained. It continues to grow in scale and perspective as the game moves on. Most questions brought up at the start are answered at some point in the game will others are left for the player to speculate about.i experienced zero graphical or gameplay bugs.The only negative thing about the game i can name would be the school mode(which was a mode added on to pad out the length for 1-2 reload). this mode is only used to complete all report cards and add a little bit of extra character development and insight.I fully recommend this game on its own, and if you like to play full franchises then this one is a must."
,Recommended,413410,34904396,Posted: 12 September,all,GunsRoseSS,Nice story and original gameplay :)
76561198271196732,Recommended,413410,35075231,Posted: 19 September,all,pichu,this game is extremely good and immensely engaging and gripping from the very beginning to the very end. highly reccomended
,Recommended,413410,35050136,Posted: 18 September,all,Ikalgoh,"Did not get to play it on steam, but would If I had the money. I've watched my friends play at their houses, and it's too despairful. Needs more hope."
76561198337076925,Recommended,413410,35019351,Posted: 17 September,all,zSakuraChan,pink blood
76561198340092362,Recommended,413410,35037782,Posted: 17 September,all,zha.james266,"Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc and the sequels, animes and other forms of the story, have basically ruled my life in summer 2017. I originally got into the series from the anime, and I can say with no doubt in my mind, this is one of my favourite series of all time. That not might say much as I don't play a lot of games, but that's really one of the reasons why Danganronpa appeals to me so much. It's a visual novel so it's easily accessible to anyone who isn't particularily well versed in video games. The mechanics are reletively simple and the murder mystery aspect might be a little easy for some people. I knew it was for me. Even watching the anime, I knew who the killers were in chapters 3 and 4 immediately. That being said, the game's main draw is that the cast is all around likeable. The characters are interesting and while they may appear to be anime stereotypes, the game often throws you for twists and turns, making them more fleshed out and sympathetic. I reccomend Danganronpa and any other games in series to anyone who enjoys the murder mystery genre, fans of The Zero Escape Series and Pheonix Wright will have a lot of fun with Danganronpa."
76561198144898045,Recommended,413410,35082064,Posted: 20 September,all,NightBaroness,We absolutely love this whole game series. One of the best games I've ever played. But the rating does tell the truth. So enjoy!
,Recommended,413410,35219164,Posted: 26 September,all,Ghitefwe,A body has been discovered.
76561198025399259,Recommended,413410,35217964,Posted: 26 September,all,The Ever-Living,"Wonderfully well made game! Its very Ace Attorney-ish but has a lot neat bells and whistles to set it apart. Story is excellent and will keep you guessing! I normally dont like visual novels too much but this game blew me away. I am now hooked on this franchise, enjoying the 2nd game, and ready to keep following the storyline to the very end!"
76561198073717760,Recommended,413410,35230306,Posted: 26 September,all,Consolords,"Coming from the populair series; Ace Attorney, I had to ajust to the pace of the game.Soon I realized this wasn't your run-of-the-mill detective game, this was far different.All the characters were interesting, the game does a good job of misleading you into a false sense of security.The cases, while not being very challenging, were very fun. The dub was amazing, the soundtrack was absolutely awesome.And even I didn't see through the truth of the story.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good visual novel and for people who are into games like Ace Attourney or Prof Layton."
76561198278462793,Recommended,413410,35235755,Posted: 26 September,all,✧supersav✧,nice art n story :-)
76561198216021943,Recommended,413410,34299149,Posted: 16 August,all,TomatoChamp,"Woooow. This game blew me away. I bought this after seeing the high reviews and started playing with reluctance. But this game left me stunned.Perhaps it's because I haven't explored much of this genre, but I've never played anything with gameplay quite like this. The closest thing I can think to compare it to are games of the Phoenix Wright series. The characters are likeable and the music is incredible.I gasped several times due to being surprised at how the story progressed and the outcomes of some conflicts. I can say with confidence that the high ratings for this game are absolutely deserved. If you're even remotely considering picking this game up, go for it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,413410,34490192,Posted: 25 August,all,pichupowar,"This game is really amazing. When I first found out about this game, it was through the fandub when it first came out in Japan. The first chapter's ending really shocked me a lot! But I couldn't get the game at the time because it was on a system I didn't have, I was really disappointed. At least until...It came out on Steam!!I played it, I screamed during it, I smiled and cheered at the final parts of the game! It even has a sequel and it's a great one to follow this game!If you think that Danganronpa is a terrible game then, YOU'RE WRONG!!In a nutshell without spoiling anything: Don't give up on hope and beat the game! >:3"
76561198007812404,Recommended,413410,34486465,Posted: 25 August,all,Aquarius,"I was nagged by a friend to get this game, and while I am not one for an interactive anime style game -prefering to either go for visual novels or hack and slash instead-, beyond the tutorial this game is fiarly fun. however I would recommend you put aside time to really get into the game, as once you stop playing it, it can be very hard to get back into the correct frame of mind again.The artistic style is very pleasing on the eyes and, while so far the story has been predictable at times, it is interesting enough to peak your interests."
76561198318671392,Recommended,413410,34561953,Posted: 28 August,all,itzkat13,8/10
76561198180773281,Recommended,413410,34587569,Posted: 29 August,all,YunoGasai,Great game with almost no flaws
,Recommended,413410,34582881,Posted: 29 August,all,Fucc of | KYSFAG.net,If you like Mysteries and investigation AND don't mind the art style (like the true gamer you are) you should try it.
76561198162857938,Recommended,413410,34742113,Posted: 4 September,all,StormCloud610,"I have only played the first game, but I plan to play all of the others after how great this one was. Danganronpa is a visual novel with a great deal of puzzle gameplay. If you enjoy games like phoenix wright, you will likely enjoy this game. The puzzle aspect of the gameplay combined with the wonderfully made characters balances out perfectly, and there was not a moment during the game that I felt bored. Every moment is fun, and you learn to appreciate both your free time and your busy time while playing. Good game, definitely worth its relatively cheap price."
,Recommended,413410,34768584,Posted: 5 September,all,matt,20 dollars to look at fukawai don't regret it
76561198330522095,Recommended,413410,34776133,Posted: 6 September,all,Shuichi Saihara (Hippoman),10/10 would play againRIP waifu #1 and waifu #3Long live waifu #2
,Recommended,413410,34781178,Posted: 6 September,all,RUBYSAYAJIIN    😈,"Its my first entry to the series, and let me say this, what an underrated game, if i handt checked steam sales i would never found this game out. Its awsome, it pits students against students in a closed space, fighting for their alives and you are kinda the detective figuring out who killed who and all the misteries the game has underneath it. Plus, awsome soundtrack and cast. I loved everysingle one of the characters.Recommend this game vividly, even though it has elements of a visual novel, its a great game."
,Recommended,413410,34785010,Posted: 6 September,all,Frocto,"Another blisteringly good Masafumi Takada soundtrack... that also has a pretty alright game attached to it!Just recently found out Nobuyo Oyama has retired due to illness, so it's more relevant than ever to play this game in Japanese and enjoy not-Doraemon psychologically torturing some poor kids."
,Recommended,413410,34762624,Posted: 5 September,all,Shabe - Paul,"A brilliant visual novel / detective game, the characters were really well written and had likeable personalities. Played it through to the end, definitely worth buying although I would probably wait for it to be on sale."
76561197972928080,Recommended,413410,34775440,Posted: 6 September,all,ZionSully,"I couldn't stop playing this game.  The story, the mystery, and the characters all had me enthralled.  As soon as I beat it I instantly began playing the sequel."
,Recommended,413410,34790803,Posted: 7 September,all,HairyChest1956,"Great game, not much interactivity in the story though, no choices that have consequences or anything like that. Instead it's just a visual novel with mini games. Way better than the anime.10/10"
76561198324354739,Recommended,413410,34343646,Posted: 18 August,all,KingInTheNorth,"Wasn't sure about getting this game at first, but after having played through the entire thing now I'm defintely glad I got it. The storyline is compelling and suspenseful, and all of the characters are entertaining and easy to get attached to. If you enjoy great mystery storytelling, or just a great story in general, then this game is for you.Also, highly recommend getting the second game and then watching the danganronpa 3 anime afterward."
76561198068320094,Recommended,413410,34320536,Posted: 17 August,all,CHEEZ,good
,Recommended,413410,34316329,Posted: 17 August,all,PoptartJelly,Wow! My friend recommended me this game a long time ago and I thought it was too expensive! I should've waited for the bundle sale but I got a 20$ steam card and decided to buy it. I just finished the story and I'm AMAZED this is such a great storyline! 100/100
,Recommended,413410,34437370,Posted: 23 August,all,PhoenixLight,"P90s are for nubz, oh wait wrong game"
,Recommended,413410,34595561,Posted: 29 August,all,natsu191000,The beginning of an incredible story
,Recommended,413410,34617162,Posted: 30 August,all,NewDayS,"I came upon this game after trying out the demo for the third game. If I hadn't found that demo I would have never gotten the chance to play this piece of art on steam. The story that comes with this game isn't just some generic plot, it's deep and captivated me from the very first 10 minutes of playing. I played the game using the english voice actors because my native language is english and needless to say I was impressed with the voice acting. Very loyal to the actual character models. Although I'm not good at in-depth reviews I'd say just take my word for it. This game is a great experience and you'll enjoy it."
76561198147743543,Recommended,413410,34620483,Posted: 30 August,all,I'm Dying,This game is truly amazing. For $20 bucks I got 30 hours of great storytelling and tense trials. This game is seriously a must buy for anyone who like murder mysteries. 10/10
,Recommended,413410,32578193,Posted: 19 June,all,MBr,Junko is the Ultimate Thot
76561198098437961,Recommended,413410,35112101,Posted: 21 September,all,Huzzahlord,"Absolutely fabulous visual novel. The cast is extremely strong, the story manages to be both twisty and comprehendable, and it WILL punch you in the gut.The ""gameplay"" is unfortunately easy however, even on the highest difficulty. If you're expecting something closer to Ace Attorney, with challenging logic and puzzles...you may be dissappointed."
76561198207545657,Recommended,413410,35119553,Posted: 21 September,all,Preston_Garvey,"Believe it or not I bought this cause I was told it was a murder mystery game, but what I got was so much more.This game is a fantastic visual novel with a great use of art style and memorable characters, the sound track is okay in my opinion but that's just me. It really knows how to get its hooks in you and you get engrossed into the story. When you're in a trial and you make a new discovery, you actually feel like you accomplished something. And when you see the characters you've bonded with be murdered or end up as the blackened, you can't help but feel sad for them. This game is basically a mystery wrapped in a mystery and all wrapped in a nice bloody bow. And I have no choice but to give it my seal of approval."
76561198167561917,Recommended,413410,35129467,Posted: 22 September,all,boredminiejamie,"this game is really addicting lol once i start i cant stop playing. the characters are all super interesting, there are some you will hate, love/hate or just love. it can be very dark at times but there are also some light, funny momments. you really cant help but feel bad for the characters because they are forced to kill each other whether its by voting or by actually killing to escape. this game gets you thinking though, because your wondering, why is the mastermind doing this, how doesnt anyone know about the killings or disapearances. if you like mytsery games, puzzles, games with lots of story, or persona then you will defintely like this game."
,Recommended,413410,35364200,Posted: 30 September,all,trashmeister,"It started my love for one of my favorite game series, what can I say, it's amazing :)"
,Recommended,413410,35325854,Posted: 29 September,all,󠀡 󠀡 󠀡󠀡 󠀡 󠀡,Litty
,Recommended,413410,35340077,Posted: 30 September,all,"Taghead, The Shadow Dhampir.","This game and its sequels have made my past few months amazing, this is honestly, in my opinion the perfect blend of gameplay and visual novel.ProsThe visual novel scenes are paced greatly.Great voice acting. (both sub and dub)Amazing Soundtrack.Unique characters.ConsThe game could have been harder. (The sequels were harder.)You won't be able to stop yourself from getting the sequels."
,Recommended,413410,35304063,Posted: 29 September,all,KitsuneBiku,Very Fun you get to start friendships with your favorite characters and the class trials are hard but fun
,Recommended,413410,35289041,Posted: 29 September,all,LittleStar,"i've been a big fan of danganronpa since i watched the anime version and also the main character has the same birthday as me *lolso, i really recommended this game for the super b plot and artwork.this game also makes you to choose wisely what's the best answer to make you survive.it's not as easy as it seems, anw.as soon as you are not reading the walkthrough"
76561198349416972,Recommended,413410,33640293,Posted: 18 July,all,collapse,"ok! lets try this again!When I bought this game I thought there was going to be a lot more action (thinking while watching the trailer) What I got was a visal novel. I will someday get this game again and play it like a book not an action game. While everything was interesting, I was pumped for a action game.lesson: it is a good visual novel and I am a terrible person"
76561198196812547,Recommended,413410,35435219,Posted: 2 October,all,yenan.wang,Very interesting game indeed. Will recommend to any AVG player
,Recommended,413410,35449687,Posted: 3 October,all,Nadante,"I haven't written a review in a very long time.This is one of the best games I've ever played. Placing it in my personal Top 20.Do you LOVE anime? Shows like Death Note, Another, Monster, or Erased? Want a more immersive experience? Stop reading and purchase.The characters are memorable. The emotion is felt. The pacing is great. The murder mysteries, albeit questionably too elaborate for me to believe certain characters were that clever, are a great journey into logic and problem-solving.I am the guy who watches movies and get bored because I know whodunnit halfway through. The first murder was like that for me. I knew who did it the minute the body was discovered, but that's because the game starts easy and ramps it up later on.I don't want to spoil it, but there were moments I literally yelled out, ""The ****? But how?"" during investigations and trials.For the genre this game is in, I give it a 10/10. I can't wait to play the sequels."
,Not Recommended,413410,21993350,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,disinfo,"i forget why i ever 'recommended' this garbagedangit-ronpaul is a kinetic novel that you play minigames throughout that range from easy to pass for all the wrong reasons to being really difficult to pass for all the wrong reasons. namely anything that has the word 'hangman' in it can go ♥♥♥♥ a dry horse. the minigames are basically just an excuse for you to have gameplay, they're really not all that challenging aside from hangman's giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when you get to the poorly written excuse for a plot you're given 16 characters, most of which are forgettably bad or based on one highly exaggerated character flaw/trait barring two or three of them (one of the memorable characters is so bad I wish I could forget they existed). one of the things the plot can do right is create an interesting mystery to solve, one of the things the plot can do horribly wrong to overshadow that is to create a dissapointing solution to that mystery. as some examples:**spoilers because i don't feel like writing in all the tags**- the first killer is incredibly obvious as he is both the most boring character in the entire game and his name is literally written on the wall, prompting anyone to crane their neck and see it.- the second murder is just to solidify that one of the 3 memorable characters is an irredeemable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- i barely even remember the third mystery but i'm pretty sure everyone in it was forgettable and ultimately had no bearing on the plot other than their existence.- the fourth mystery had to do with the traitor whose only purpose to the plot was being a red herring that nobody cared to remember about- the fifth mystery was actually pretty clever with the time the victim was killed but the fact that they needed a deus ex machina to continue the plot is a giant meme- the final mystery is plain dumb. the person who trapped you all there is actually an edgy teenager (not edgy because she was bullied or cast out by society or anything, but because she just felt like she needed to cause dispair ecks dee) and is the worst villan ever. her entire existence is that of a mary sue deviantart fanfiction or a poorly written version of tanya the terrible. you do not know how much i hate this ending because it was, hands down, the DUMBEST way you could've gone about ending the game outside of making it all a dream.that's actually probably why dangan ronpa was likable: all of the mysteries were pretty damn well set up at the start. but that slowly takes a nosedive in enjoyability once those mysteries actually get revealed. if you ever watched the DR3 anime then the lack of any and all mysteries and a focus entirely on the outer world leading up to this game is exactly why it was trash.in short, if you want a good mystery game that'll leave you satisfied with the ending buy ace attorney or something. if you want pornography of the characters go to danbooru. if you want a really bad game PIRATE the entire dangan ronpa series or else you're giving money to NISA."
,Recommended,413410,35162476,Posted: 23 September,all,Awesomesauce™,"DO NOT HOVER OVER THE BLACK TEXT WITH YOUR MOUSE OR TAP IT WITH YOUR FINGER ON MOBILE IF YOU WISH TO AVOID SPOILERS. THIS REVIEW WILL NOT CONTAIN SPOILERS FOR DANGANRONPA 2, DANGANRONPA V3, OR THE SPIN-OFFS. I WILL ALSO MENTION WHICH CHAPTER THE SPOILERS ARE FROM AND FROM WHICH GAME (Danganronpa 1's demo and Danganronpa V3's demo will be spoiled, but I will say when).This review is coming from a person who played the series completely blind, and had only seen the trailers for both games (I'm a huge Ace Attorney fan, which is how I learned about this franchise).IntroductionPrologue through chapter 1 spoilers lelThis game series is about a group of Japanese high school students who somehow end up in a horrific almost Catch-22 like (but not quite) situation that would make Joseph Heller proud. they are trapped inside a building (which thankfully has beds, infinte food, etc), which supposedly has no escape and no way to communicate with the outside world. All the students are ""ultimates""-people who have extraordinary talent in one specific thing and pursue that talent all their lives'- who were accepted into a prestigous school called ""Hope's Peak Academy"". However, all of them seem to have passed out or been drugged orsomething, and now they're trapped in a strange place of some sort. Even worse, there's a talking maniacal Teddy Bear named ""Monokuma"" who savors the students' pain and anguish. Monokuma does offer a way out of the building, thankfully, but it is the most despicable, vile way possible -Ending the life of another student :0. Killing someone isn't the only prerequisite though, because they actually have to get away with it too. After the victim(s) is/are discovered, a class trial will commence where all the survivors argue over who did the killing(s). During all this, you play as Makoto Naegi, the ultimate lucky student, as he deciphers all the clues that lead to the culprit (which will inevitably be your favorite character, at some point or another in the series).ProsMy opinion of course, which will vary from yours or another's!Wonderful, interesting story and premise, with many twists and turns. It's near impossible to guess what will happen at the start of each chapter or trial, and each murder is designed to be elaborate, but not too confusing.There are lots of different places to visit, with decent variety with each place (I'll get to that later).Great soundtrack with lots of variety. Each track fits the mood of the current situation and the tone of the game overall.Pretty good after-game content that will keep you busy for at least a while.Has cool trading cards, emoticons, and badges.CheapMight be a con for some poeple, but this game is about maybe 28-30 hours to finish, if you play normally, but at the same time, never did I think to myself ""when will this game end"", so I believe this game justifies its length well.Looks nice with a unique art style. My only complaint is that you have 2D characters in a 3D environment, so it's like everyone is staring at you when you pass by, which is pretty creepy considering that people are willing to murder each other to escape :P.The characters, whileveryclichéd, are all different, quirky, and lovable/loathable. There's even some strange irony with one of them. I won't say anymore than that. I do believe that the sequel did a better job in this apartment, though.Trial gameplay spoilersThe gameplay in the trials is superb, and there wasn't any one minigame I hated, but the bullet-time battles, while cool, felt out-of-place in game like this where all the challenge is overcome with logic and reasoning.Has lots of neat references to Japenese and pop culture (most of which I will never notice).ConsSome of the explanations for mechanics felt lacking, I was confused about some of the mechanics at first because of it. A small video would have been better.So many classrooms......... Such little purpose........ (maybe there IS a purpose that I don't know, so if there is, please say so).Chapter 2 spoilersSome of the manga sections can be frustrating, because I have to think backwards since I'm used to American novels, it can be hard to find out what the next panel is (probably just me, since I don't read many comics), and.. wait, is he opening a door? Or closing it?Spoilers for the entire game, I guess (see what I did there? :D ).I don't really like how the theme of ""always have hope in the face of despair"" was made so obvious. It should have been more subtle and something the players realized, and not were told of.OtherThese don't affect the overall score, but just funny things or things to mention.Your favorite character is gonna die.Spoilers for the entire game, Danganronpa 1's demo, and Danganronpa V3's demoAs for why many of the widely agreed upon least-likeable characters survived, I believe it's because if they DID die, nobody would care. In the demo for Danganronpa 1 and V3, when Yasuhiro died, it was anti-climactic, and none of the charcaters showed any different or cared. They literally are not worth killing. But hey, that's just my theory.Is it a good port?I used kb/m the entire game, and while the movement was sometimes choppy with it, and soem of the buttons were to far away from each other, it worked well.  I encountered no framrate drops or crashes. I played 60 fps with max antialiasing, detail, and 1080p resolution. Worked fine for me.My experienceJust don't read this part if you haven't beaten Danganronpa 1 already. Killers and victims spoiled. I'll also use nicknames because why not.My favorite character was the ultimate symmetrical character design. His boyfriend, the guy who's basically Duncan from Total Drama Island, but with even worse hair, decided that killing the *Insert Admiral Ackbar reference here* was a good idea. Once the ultimate symmetical chaacater design learned about this, he went into a deep case of denial and despair. He also went Super Saiyan. Later, he was tricked to going inside an isolated room by the ""Most likely to be a character in Kakegurui"", where King Dedede ambushed him with his signature hammer, dealing a single powerful blow to the Ultimate symmetrical character design's head, ending his story for good. Thankfully, the power of ""Deus Ex his wristwatch was broken because of the blow, showing the exact time of death on it"" granted the students a decisive clue to the truth.ConclusionThis game is a brilliant visual novel, with a great story, good characters, and a marvelous soundtrack. It's not perfect, but I still believe it's a fine addition to anyone's steam library.9.4/10Chapter 2 spoilersIf your waifu was Chihiro, you got rekt XD"
,Recommended,413410,28734453,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RedScizor,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,413410,35467219,Posted: 4 October,all,Selriem,"This game is good. Really good. So good that my girlfriend who doesn't like visual novels watched me play it from start to finish.Everything about this game is excellent. The characters are interesting, the music is phenomenal and the story had me hooked right from the first case til the end. I really can't recommend this game enough!"
