user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,413710,20906880,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BebopMonk,"Ah, Blood and Gold Caribbean.  If you like Mount and Blade styled games, you should definately pick this one up.  As of this writing, the game is still fairly unstable.  There are a plethora of bugs and glitches, however any real Mount and Blade fan is used to this kind of thing.  First time players of a M&B style game may find the bugs too much to handle.Despite those shortcomings, this game is still incredibly fun.  It has the one thing that defines all Mount and Blade games;  the ability to start as a worthless bum and work your way up to a king.  The game doesn't tell you what to do, you have to go out and take ports for yourself in any way that you wish.  This game is about raiding conveys is search of dat booty.  This game is about cheating at cards and then beating the daylights out of an entire tavern full of drunks.  This game is about starting a war that will end tens of thousands of promising young lives just so you can see all the towns on the world map have your faction color.  This game is about being defeating in battle and being sent to a prison camp where you try to organize a prisoner uprising and fail to such an extent that you injure your head and become permenantly dumber.  Can you really afford to not try this out?In conclusion, whether you like to yo ho or prefer to diddly dee, you should find this game to be an exciting pirate adventure."
,Recommended,413710,25162342,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,cameron,"answer this little QA before you buy this:1. are you a fan of Akella's pirate RPG, Sea Dogs (or Corsairs/Korsary in the dev's native language)?2. can you enjoy something that has prehistoric production values, being held together with chewing gum and tape?3. do you not mind seeing the Mount and Blade engine being butchered in bizarre ways?4. do you like ambitious, open-world PC games made in the former Eastern Bloc?if you answered yes to 3 or more, then play this bad boy."
76561198045440586,Recommended,413710,20462613,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MaddRat,"This game is what Sid Meier's Pirates! was meant to be when it grew up (and drank too much rum).  I love the boarding party battles and watching people fall from the crow's nest.  I swear, I say 'wheeee! splat!' every time.  There are some little things that need tweaking but a great pirate game."
,Recommended,413710,19649373,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,[32nd] Diamond63,"Mission: Burn the shipyard. Ok, that shouldn't be so hard. Nice I have 50 thugs with me. Kills few guards and got to the shipyard, started burning the ships, nice, just 2 more to go. Suddenly, 60 guards came up, killed all the thugs and captured me. I was sent to a plantation as a slave.After months of persuading people to escape, we have tried. Guards killed all of them and knocked me out. I tried again, and succeeded! As soon as I escaped I headed to nearby town and was intercepted by marauders who captured me and sent me to a mine as a slave.Best slave simulator!10/10"
,Recommended,413710,32347678,Posted: 11 June,all,God of Aeons,"Good homeage to the Mount and Blade franchise. It is essientially mount and blade in the classic era of Colonizing the New World.I recently purchased it and have not had any problems with running it or getting it installed. It shares the same graphics as does Mount and Blade: Warband.There are Captains to recruit, factions you can fight for, and many different ways to earn money. Ship combat is actually fun (you control your ship with WASD and fire usinbg the space bar).When you get a ship that you want to board, simply get close to them long enough and you will change scenes into a battle. You will have your boarding crew against theirs and its third-person (over the shoulder) fighting with your character and party.You can earn money trading goods between ports, hunting pirates (which comes with a boost to your reputation with other nations), being a pirate (hurting your reputation), completing quest, and even having your own production buildings.Overall, it is a very fun game that fits in with the series. It is old, so the graphics are a tad outdated. I defintely reccomend picking it up if you like the pirate setting.Its currently $20 and i believe that is a tad high for how long it has been out, wait for it go on sale for $50 or $10 and its worth it."
,Recommended,413710,20705533,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ivan Drago,"I started as a small time pirate looting unfortunate enough small boats. Then I went on a quest in the far, far away town to find out governor's source of income. Plan was to seduce governor's daughter so she can tell me the dirty secret. She was reserved, but after few nice gestures and the night out in the inn, she opened up. Her father was arrested, but then we fell in love. so I became the new governor and formed my own faction. Suffice to say, England, my former ally, was bitter because of that.I tried to manage all this state affairs, but it wasn't easy. Economy was weak so I decided to go pirating and gather some cash. Few moment later, I spotted ongoing battle between my allies and new enemy, England. It was rather huge battle for me at the moment - lots of galleons while I had meager one-deck-of cannons boat. I said what the heck and went straight into the battle. I waited until both parties were exhausted, then grape-shoted one galleon and boarded it. Melee fight started, my heroes and well trained boarding party fought well. We got the ship!Now, after owning heavy galleon I started intercepting English trade convoys. I established my own trade routes. Money was flowing. My reputation grew. Then one day, while passing near the Spanish city, I saw huge English navy besieging the city. I could see fiercest ships - 1st,  2nd, 3rd ships of the line. And the Spanish city fell. So it was time for me to get hell out of there. But then I was small group of ships - 2nd and 3rd ship of line, breaking from rest of the attack force. It was time to do my vulture tactics again!I went into the battle - and there where two ships sailing straight into me. I started damaging the sails of the first ship, while cornering so second enemy ship didn't have the clear shot - first one was blocking her view. Then I switched to grapes, and decimated first ship's crew. Turned out tactic was good - crew count fell from 550 down to 50! Then I made a sharp turn and boarded the ship. After a quick battle one of the biggest ships were mine. I didn't have enough crew to sink the other enemy, so I managed to retreat. Some of my crew weren't happy, but hey, we won the jackpot!I wasn't home for quite some time. My relationship with my wife began to deteriorate. Meanwhile, she was fighting natives and protecting the land. So I headed to my land. In was at that moment I saw several English ship of the line convoys following me. They wanted a revenge. But hey, I can outrun then, right? So I was sailing across the Caribbean, while enemy was behind my feet. They were relentless. I reached my city, but the didn't stop. I went inland by foot, by they also did that!♥♥♥♥♥♥ this was going to be bad. But then, I could somehow cover my tracks so they lost me. I returned to the town, got my wife, and boarded my new ship. I left the garrison in the city because enemy was still there somewhere. Maybe my only city will fall and I will lose my faction. Who knows?"
76561198102266503,Recommended,413710,22903988,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,NoPizzaNoMoney,"I played this game when the original caribbean was released. I was sorely unimpressed with the original project, and seriously considered filing for a refund. However, the devs promised to hammer out the bad, so I stuck with them. And then we received our copies of this beauty. And it has been all uphill from there. I love evey aspect of this game, from the classic, Pirates!-style combat, to the extremely in-depth story that you can develop for your character. It is less about who you were before the game started, and more about where you are headed. Fall in love with the Governor's daughter and start your own kingdom. Strike fear into the hearts of men pirate, merchant, and soldier alike. Toil in a mine while you plot your escape with fellow prisoners who are enslaved with you, The options are insanely varied. And entirely up to you. I'll edit this to add bullet points to it later, but I sincerely hope that more people decide to give this game a chance. It is really a diamond that fell out of a lump of coal. Also not sure if this counts as having received this product for free, as I paid for caribbean."
76561198026524534,Recommended,413710,19724435,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MaxwellingtonIII,"Do you like Mount and Blade Warband?Do you like pirates?Do you like Sid Meier's Pirates?If you answered yes to any one of those questions (especially all of them), something tells me you'd probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,413710,28452257,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,✠ The Italian Spaniard ⚜,"Don't listen to these other salty sailors who think this is a bad game. They're the kind of people who are on the bottom deck alone eating dried fish instead of up on deck drinking rum and wine with the crew.Blood & Gold: Caribbean! can be judged as two things: A pirate game, and a mount & blade game. And it fits both those boots perfectly, without having some awkward walk while wearing them. It combines the features and engine of mount & blade games, the awesome firearm warfare that we were first introduced to in With Fire And Sword, and the thrill of being a fearsome pistol & sword-toting PIRATE! Or you can be a privateer under the crown of the Netherlands, England, France, or, my personal favorite, Spain!The game has a lot of the features that previous mount & blade games did, yet 50% of Blood & Gold: Caribbean! is all new features and metagames, including but not limited to things like naval combat and raiding sea fortresses from your ship, to exploring Inca & Aztec temples for treasure and, well, killin' people with new toys! If you've ever played other great pirate games like Sid Meier's Pirates!, Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag, or Sea Dogs: To Each His Own, you WOULD have fun with this game. Blood & Gold: Caribbean! is an amazing pirate game, easily making its place into my top 10, and also an amazing mount & blade game, easily tieing or even better than Warband and With Fire And Sword. I could go on and on about how great of a game this is, but this is a steam review and not an HBO special. I'll let you go here, since I know your finger is already itching to scroll up and buy it or add it to your wishlist -- and if it's not, enjoy your dried fish for one on the bottom deck!"
,Not Recommended,413710,23300849,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ahoge Housewife,"As of May 27, 2016 (the release of the campaign DLC), the game is still riddled with [obvious] bugs that make the game almost unplayable.Since the game uses Mount & Blade's engine, you can imagine how most infantry combat works: you've played it on big open fields in the other games and the AI seems somewhat capable. You see them trying to scale cliffs and they run through rivers to get to you, but it's no biggie, right? Nothing a few arrows can't handle to deal with it.In this game, however, the maps are highly intricate and have a feeling of verticality to them. There's multiple story structures; debris on the ground... TL;DR there's a TON of stuff for the AI to get stuck on. And what's worse, sometimes they spawn in areas even you can't get to, thus making battles and missions sometimes utterly pointless.There's a lot of issues with this game. I've only played it for roughly three hours--enough time to amass a fleet and capture/govern my own little corner of the carribean, but in those three hours I've had to alt-f4 and/or replay missions so many times just to get anything done.Until there's serious patchwork done to the game I wouldn't recommend it irregardless of how much or how little they charge you for it. It's just not a good time."
76561198071974334,Recommended,413710,20404746,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ben_of_Men,"SECOND EDIT SEP 16 Most of the original edit remains true I believe, although they've added a neat feature for ship battles. Prior to engaging, you can demand that they surrender to you, which gives you their ships, of course can only be done if victory is all but assured. One issue I have with land battles is that you can't order your men to take paces, only charge, follow, hold, retreat, minor annoyance I have not actually a game issue. During aquatic battles, its very bothering that you have to take cargo, then decide if you want to keep the ship you just captured, it seems it should be the other way, or at the same time. When you sail over a sunken ship in combat, sometimes you will pick up cargo.. If you have the room in the current ship sailing over it, which can be annoying, I was unable to get some luxury goods thanks to this, one would think it would be stored in a different ship, seeing as you can't control which ship carries what anyways.ORIGINAL REVIEW Fairly good game, I got it for free since I had originally owned Caribbean! which I had a coupon for at some point for some reason. I haven't read into it, but I'm pretty sure this is the game they care about now, and sort of just left Caribbean! in a dumpster after the prom.If you have played Mount and Blade, it'll feel familiar, due to it using the same engine and whatever, so thats fun. The naval combat is comparable to Sid Meier's: Pirates!, though a little more blocky, and sometimes I don't quite get where my cannons are supposed to be firing, though overall its pretty good. The boarding party, ship-to-ship, trench combat is not the best. If you have a big crew/party, buckle up, especially if you or your enemy has a small ship, it gets very cramped very quick. Pretty certain I've killed more of my crew than the enemy has. If you and your foe have a big ship and big crews, it can be fun. Now for land battles, I haven't gotten far in that aspect. In Caribbean! I had cannons and the whole shabang, and that was great and all, though the mechanics were weird, and there was no friendly fire from cannon. I don't know if cannons work the same in this, but land battles are still fun, positioning units can be a little rough, but the maps are decent sized. I have helped siege a town, and those are gruesome. The enemy, in the city I attacked, had little cannons on the wall, shooting out at you as you stormed the beach. They said they would make sieging difficult, and they delivered, so well done there. The town only had 300 or so, and the people I was helping, and myself, had about 500-600 and we ended up limping away with 300 give or take. This was also near the beginning of the game, so elite troops were scarce, but even so.The quest system is pretty neat, there is a variety of things you can do, from blowing up a mine, defending a mine, or even lighting ships on fire. The only downside to these is that you only have a finite number of troops, like 7 or so, and the enemy has 7 or so waves, consisting of 7 or so guys each. Just have to find a corner and let them come to you.If you are a woman, and go do stuff with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you get reknown.I haven't yet experienced the prisoner side of life yet, but when I do I'll be sure to elaborate, but I've heard its great.Most of the other things in the game are pretty much like they were in Caribbean!, other than you need a clerk in a town to build, which is easy just annoying to do each town. I don't know how much this game is, like I said got it for free, but its pretty good. Watch out for the natives. They are crazy strong. 9/10"
,Recommended,413710,24038037,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WonkaBottleCaps,"Woo! I finished Blood & Gold: Caribbean. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was this game fun.TL;DR I recommend this game if you played Sid Meyers Pirates and wished it was alot deeper, or played Mount and Blade: Warband until the King phase but couldn’t finish it. Otherwise, it’s too buggy and difficult to be an entry into Warband, and too deep and complicated compared to Sid Meyers Pirates.I think the people who considered this a spiritual Sequel to Sid Meyers: Pirates! were right on the money. While the engine is Warband, and the mechanics of town management, trading, and combat are identical to Warband. I really feel like the flow of the story is completely the same as Pirates!.Warband had no story, it was basically mechanics in a medieval setting. But Sid Meyers’s entire focus was attempting to re-unite your family and kill of an evil Spaniard. Blood & Gold ramps this up to 11 by giving you a love interest, more than 2 evil spaniards, and basically a completely conquerable world. It’s alot deeper and more enjoyable than Sid Meyers Pirates! and it takes some of the best parts of Warband and applies it to a pirate game.But that combination is the biggest hurdle of wether or not you should play this game. Warband's engine means this game comes with alot of jank. Fallout 3 jank doesn’t even come close. The horse races look like they came right out of Far Cry 2′s map editor. Sometimes if a musketeer didn’t move after his wall fell, he’d be floating in space like Wile-E-Coyote. I played a bunch of ship battles were my entire crew was just getting knocked out by something. You can’t designate compaions as non-combatants so every battle had a Treasurer, secretary of state, and my food shopping guy going in with the battle hardened veterans. Also when I sold my slaves to the slave dealer, he’d teleport out after one batch, when he normally would stay in town for a week. Also the tutorial Text didn’t stay on screen long enough for me to read every one of them, so there is a couple game concepts I’m not completely clear on. I think they should stay up until you click accept, and then have an option to disable tutorials later.But dude. I had so much fun. I had fun pretending to be the danish queen to steal territory from my fellow captains. I had fun using ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to bring captains over to my faction. Every sea battle was amazing. Each of the weird quests is worth doing at least once. I loved doing Ann’s weirdly sadistic quest line. I thought the end game was amazing. I liked firing the blunderbuss. I liked swinging the Axe-pistol. I liked defending and attacking in sieges. I liked how your cabinet of officials ride on the boat with you so you can do business outside of towns.I think my favorite memory of this game will be when my ship was broadside with another ship. I had just switched from grapeshot to soild balls. (Grapeshot by the way, is designed to eliminate crew without damaging the sails or hull. Solid balls damage the hell out of the hull.) All the cannons were loaded, I said the order to fire. Just complete carnage. I didn’t realize 42lb cannons could do so much damage.The raw time it took me to finish the game was about 2-3 weeks, 41 hours in total. That’s from start to credits with my prior knowledge being 300 hours in warband and 30-40 hours in Sid Meyers."
76561198006648895,Not Recommended,413710,29437977,Posted: 22 January,all,gmsimpson05,"I returned to this games after months of not playing it still wanting it to be good, but it's just not. I have plenty of minor gripes: how boarding parties size and composition are mysteriously determined, how my boarding parties shrink after capturing a ship while the AI's grow from doing the same, why I can't give orders to a boarding party, why do boarding actions start with the ships grappled together instead of having a change for musketeers to blast away as the two ships close in?But my one big complaint, why I stopped playing months ago and again now, is the terrible path-finding. On the campaign map my ship will just run into some island and sit there grinding against the beach while the rest of the world keeps running around me. Sure, I can break out of this by issuing a new move order, but too often I was trying to chase down some fleet and the delay let them escape or, worse yet, the larger fleet I was fleeing took advantage of my misfortune to run me down.If this were an early access game I'd tell you to keep an eye on it, but a year old game isn't going to suddenly see these problems fixed."
,Recommended,413710,19607006,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Centurion,Wow! Blood & Gold: Caribbean is much better than it's pedecessor! It has a lot of content that people asked for and if you have played any other mount & blade game you will definetly enjoy this one!
76561198167588164,Recommended,413710,20370080,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Makeke,"Mount & blade + sid m pirates = this.Awesome game!Only thing i'll say that makes me wanna throw my neighbours cat at my PC is when my dudes are running into walls when i'm getting attacked. HELP MEH! nope, they just watch me get rekt.Besides that, def buy it. you wont regret it and if you do regret it you can always buy fried chicken and make it all better."
,Recommended,413710,23264669,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ashrazal,"IF you have a solid pc, IF your machine can handle battles of 300 and more bots with giant moving ships and cannon batteries. IF you really like pirates and the 17th century.... you should probably get this game.If any of these things does not apply... don't.Framerates will be atrocious no matter how good you think your pc is in certain situations, however the sheer fun of raiding and pillaging your way through the carribean, getting bigger and better ships to take on spanish navies makes up for it somewhat."
76561198163731286,Recommended,413710,22797381,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Oxraider,This game offers at least as much as mount and blade warband but instead it gives you a few extra's:- boats and boatfights- new time era- pirates and guns- boarding in a naval battle- treasures and treasure seeking- even aztecs- gambling games and barfights- prisoning minigame and so much more !and forget the crap about needing a high tech pc:i play this game on good graphics with a common gaming pc and srill hit high frame ratesu only need to know wich hardware u pick when building u're pc ;)10/10 awesome pioneer pirate themed warband game for this year ;)keep up the good work DEV-team ! :Dgrtz Oxraider
76561198005636539,Recommended,413710,20490388,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,NukeNFighted,Started a new game as Captain BlackbeardGot a mission from shady guy in TavernFailedSold into slaveryStarted a new game as Captain WhitebeardGot a mission from shady guy in TavernFailedSold into slaveryStarted a new game as Captain RedbeardGot a mission from shady guy in TavernSucceededBought rowboat with partypopperstried to take a shipFailedSold into slaveryStarted a new game as Captain BluebeardGot a mission from shady guy in TavernFailedSold into slavery10/10 would go through the beard color spectrum again
76561198052582282,Not Recommended,413710,19644163,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Lord von Fleck,"A remake of the Caribbean! A Remade Review.Blood & Gold Caribbean is an improvement over its original.  Many of the player suggestions have been addressed.  Much of the content, that the developers pulled from the M&B Engine, has been re-introduced.  Below is my Pro's and Con's.  Many pro's represent improvements over the original.PRO:-Taverns now feel more connected to the Caribbean, nice immersion-Classical use of the Battle Interface hot-key commands are well re-implemented-Re-introduction of the zoomable map-Quest content expanded in fun, cool, and immersive ways-Ship-boarding battle is well made-The plantation combat is a nice addition, with fields that hide soldiers-Dev provided this remake for free to original game owners, this  healthy show of respect for the player-base is noted, and should be counted-Devs-Active against bugs! (Less than a week after I posted this review with a bug listed, they fixed it!).CONS:-Whoever heard of a pirate ship full of non-combatants! Sailors are pacifists... and fighters are hard to come by... Serious? SERIOUSLY, the division of combatants vs sailors is very wierd and problematic-Pathfinding is pretty bad. Click on one place and be auto-navigated into an enemy port in the other direction-Lots of sword-swinging, with no connections (weapon coding or collision animation issues?) Watching mounted-swordsman fight for eternity without severely reduced ability to kill each other is sad-Ship cannonade, has no aim tool or overlay, and you often can't even see where your firing-Limited Blackjack Players - ""Oh, wait, am I in the wrong crowded tavern? Oh, okay, I'll sail the other side of the Caribbean, there should be one over there... DANGIT, wrong one... .""-Walking around the town is purely cosmetic...VERDICT: The game is an improvement over the original, but that does not mean it is ready for play.  With some corrections, I feel this game could easily switch over to a positive review... but with BADLY done cannonades (you can't aim), and swords that frequently don't hit, and pirate crews that are programmed to be non-combatants... HUH?  It would be funny, if it didn't frequently lead to frustrating situations that shouldn't exist.  Maybe get it on sale, and hope the Devs fix these OLD issues."
76561197971625269,Recommended,413710,19622294,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,sigp22,This is essentially a total conversion mod of the mount and blade warband.  It should be a bit cheaper but overall it is a great RTS.
,Recommended,413710,32212338,Posted: 5 June,all,g0dd,Mount and Blade meets Sid Meier's Pirates.A pity they've apparently finished work on this. It has so much unexploited potential and the capacity to be much much better than Mount and Blade Warband.Still really fun but could have been so much more. If you're a fan of Mount and Blade and like Pirates/The 1600s time period you should buy this.
,Recommended,413710,28611700,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"Mount and Blade was Sid Meier's Pirates refashioned as medieval warbands, Blood and Gold Caribbean is Sid Meier's Pirates fashioned as medieval warbands fashioned back into piracy. It loses and gains something from the transition.For starters, this is the only M&B ""mod"" I've tried that actually feels like a different game at its core. Outside of maybe Viking Conquest which did some clever combat rebalancing, almost every M&B mod just felt like the base game only with more spreadsheets, troop trees, piles of pointless management and economic fiddle for a game that was mostly ""combat and stuff between combat."" Every mod just felt like an average Doom WAD: new map, same core. And the M&B core is fun but it ain't Doom.Blood and Gold shakes all this up wonderfully. Ship combat, ship boarding combat, piles of gold to upgrade, reload, rehire troops, and  of course deck you and your heroes out in nice gear. Guns that are actually fun to use... perks to aim for when leveling your character... the entire gameflow feels similar but actually like it dances to a new beat. A few scripted story quests break up the M&B-ish boredom too, that can lead you to intrigue and even romance.The management aspects are a little overblown, giving you three full pages of buildings to build in various towns, to manage a dozen different resources, with the addition to throw spare ships around to set up your own convoys.In addition, ""crew"" and ""soldiers"" are two separate resources, which need to be refilled periodically through two very different processes, a design choice sop to the M&B core gameplay, where a 350 crew ship isn't going to have 350 nord huscarls in your party without being a mess (And multiply that by 6 ships if you really are going nuts.).Factions are here. Conquest is here. Building your own faction is an option. But unlike M&B, just being a pirate and building up an armada, piles of gold, and an economic engine across the Caribbean is its own reward, whereas in M&B you basically play fetch quest until you can get in good with a faction and start having some fun. It's a side dish here when the core gameplay is still strong.All in all, B&G is a fine pirate game, if you don't mind the innate jankiness of it being an M&B mod writ large. The ambition is unmatched in all the M&B mods I've sampled."
76561198071093379,Recommended,413710,26317528,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Wolfgang,"I understand the frustration of many of the negative views.. Pirate games: sailing, capturing ships, traadng in carribean etc are concepts that apeal to many of us who love good pirate games but have been waiting for one with all the elements we have liked in previous games and expect to see in new ones but somehow few games provide.. This game at least tries to include many of those things..The combat ala M&B is decent - i particulalry enjoy the seiging of towns by land as you can peronally control an artillary piece and with skill and a little luck actually overcome a  larger force - and its soo much fun wiping out dozens of soldiers at a distance with a cannon.. Other mechanics and gameplay are not as much fun and there is repetition and lack of depth in other aspects - I did have some issues with a few quests that got bugged but fixed later and some other minor inconveniences however there are still some really fun good qualitites (with some stupid, underveoped ones as well..)I see the price of this game as being worth it for what you get - dont expect too much but there is definetly some amount of fun and mayhem to be had...  Thsnks in most part to the combat... the developers are at least doing things to improve the game... If its under ten bucks then give it a shot.."
,Recommended,413710,24787448,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bloodbeard,"By god someone made Sid Meier's Pirates 2! Except with mount and blade battles and the ability to walk around towns!Is it polished? God no! Is it bug free? Hell no.It IS however, a much more enjoyable and accessible game than the entire Age of Pirates series. If you have finished Black Flag, and are tired of replaying Sid Meier's Pirates! Pick this up. Its feature complete, and a hell of a lot of fun. A little knowledge of the Mount and Blade Engine goes a LOOONG way, as that game isn't particularly user friendly either. (hint F does everything from boarding to swinging on a rope. :P)Its also not very well optimized,  You definitely should be using a mid-to-high range rig for the bigger fleet fights.If you have never played Pirates! You are a captain of a small vessel, and you sail around the caribbean accepting missions, joining factions, trading, committing piracy, or whatever your heart desires. Buying ships, building a fleet, and one day starting your own faction is all possible.Combat is typical mount and blade combat, with an arcadey Pirates! style ship combat. Boarding reverts to M&B combat which allows for some really fun fencing and shooting of mens with muskets. Ive won a few fights by hiding in the highest mast and shooting my foes.Overall this is a really great game if you are looking for Sid Meier's Pirates 2 and love mount and Blade. Worth every penny on sale, and I don't regret buying this game at full price. What else is a pirate to do after watching Black Sails?"
,Recommended,413710,19874232,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,easterngames,"A good addition to the Mount and Blade based game family. Needs some work still, but they are putting out decent patches frequently. For now I will give it a thumbs up, but that may change.Mostly because of this companies past with suddenly dropping a game like a bad habit. I.E. Mount and Blade with fire and sword. i LOVED that version of MB and they had a great thing goign with it, but just suddenly stopped working on it. It was one or two pacthes and content additions away from being truly epic. And dont give me that nonsense about mods, i generally do not do mods. If mod fixes a bunch of brokeness in a game, then the game makers should BUY that mod from the modder and incorperate it officially into the game, since the modder did their job for them.But at any rate, this game so far is fun and worth the price. They seem to be fixing it up and it really will come down to the last few patches and if they manage to add any content to the game. If they Do not, then this thumbs up, will become a thumbs down.FInal Answer: Guardedly positive, on sale it is worth it for sure."
76561197961585290,Recommended,413710,28760063,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kirk,"Earlier negative posts about stabiliy problems should now be ignored. I have soon played this game for 12hrs, and not a single crash. There are however a few parts that need to be polished. Minor details like, some ships are sharing the same model. If you liked the previous Mount and Blade releases, this is for you. The open sandbox type of play is very free and unrestricted. Choose a side and play however you want. Be the Privateer, Trader, Pirate, Guvernor or Bandit, it's all up to you. Countless of hours with replayability. 8/10"
,Recommended,413710,19689957,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,🐧 crow,i am glad that someone decided to make a new pirates game though i am not sure that mutilating the mount & blade engine into a broken mess to do so was the wisest of choices. but you get to be a pirate and free the slaves so it's still pretty sweeti love you mount & blade gaiden sea dog
76561198031241468,Recommended,413710,25474654,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jadelyn,"Yes the game has its flaws, but for anyone who has wanted to play a pirate game without any forced story or artifical choices being shoehorned into the pillaging its a pretty good pickup for the price."
,Not Recommended,413710,19692446,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Slave-ZERO,"First things first, I bought the game in high hopes. I followed the previous game ""Caribbean"" and hoped for a good release.When I saw that Caribbean was gone from the shop, I found, that the game got re-released with a new name etc.Reading the user reviews and the blog I thought ""Lets give it a try"". I love the pirate scenario and I loved M&B.After some hours into the game I reconciled, that it is a bug infested, badly optimized and overpriced mod of the glorious game M&B:- every time when you go from navigation map to town/fight it lags horrible.- Often when trying to ""go ashore"" it crashed without a good explanation ""Trying to find a solution"".- (Pathfinding) Most of my fights on land with some indians (outside of missions) ended in a stalemate, because all the indians run into the void (big river, 2 bridges) and my guys tried to shoot em and got speared. Imagine that, trowing a spear from 50m stright up and killing a armored spanish soldier...- I dont know exactly how many music tracks this game has.. but I found it very repetitive and on other occasions the game was just mute.- Apparently enemy ships without crew will still shoot at you, maybe the tracking system is a bit off, because when I boarded there was all the time atleast one person fighting me and my crew.- When visiting a pirate town you get negative affection for a colonial power (very good spies perhaps?)+ The battles from quests were fine but you cant order your soldiers to stay put or follow.+ Naval fights were fun but I found my ships often shoot at ghost ships and you cant change ammunition of your fleet.I refunded this game, because I could and I did not have fun playing. I would not have done that for a early access title!Unfortunately the devs decided to release all the features without proper fixing, so I would say at the current stage it is a Beta version and not final. @Devs: Maybe take some time to fix all the problems, make adjustments and improvements.tl:drGame is badly optimized, crashes alot, music stinks. Nice naval fights and quests."
,Recommended,413710,31404702,Posted: 27 April,all,JcTraya,"I have played Mount & Blade Vanilla and Warband for thousands of hours off steam and many many famous mods like SWC Conquest, Parabellum, TLD, Europe 1805, 1866 Western Mod and many other mods ranging from sci fi to ww2 era or even the most simplest mods like Warband Expansion.  I have longed for a mod about pirates and ships in Mount & Blade, unfortunately there is little to none that can be found. Then I found this gem,  It may not be the perfect game but I absolutely love it! Even though it has its flaws and bugs it is still enjoyable to play.  It has so much potential and I hope the developers will continue to improve this game in the future."
76561197996186863,Not Recommended,413710,25855169,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,nephilimnexus,"I really wanted to like this game.  I'm a big fan of M&B and open world conecept games in general.  The game has several good ideas going, even if they've become tropes by now, and for the most part the personal combat system works great.Sadly, however, that seems to be theonlything that works great.  Yes, the first-person combat is everything you'd expect from the M&B engine, but everything else ranks from ""meh"" to ""poor"" in comparison.  The towns are lag-filled messes, with every one of them functionally identical.  It borrows the resource model from Port Royal, which is a shame because Port Royal's resource model is a disaster, and then somehow managed to make it even worse with fixed pricing and even more shallow economics that, somehow, someway, manages to be even more dreary & less intutive than its progenitor.  Economics in this game are, simply put, horribly broken and pricing on both goods & equipment are basically darts thrown at a wall of numbers during an LSD binge.Ship combat is... there, I guess.  Another mash of tropes, it's the same formula we've seen used in ever wooden-ship navy combat minigame we've seen in the last twenty years or so.  Not that it's a bad formula - after all it worked in Sid Meier's Pirates - but at the same time nothing new is really brought to the table except for first person boarding combat.  While this does seem new & exciting it doesn't take long to realize that the number of goons you bring & the number of goons you fight against rarely has anything do with the actual numbers claimed to be on board the ships.  It's also buggy movement-wise, and one wrong pixel can toss you overboard or clip you into something & freeze you into place.There's a few missions, too, all buggy to one degree or another.  You can toss torches at ships and watch them do nothing, accidentally exit temple ruins too soon simply by facing the wrong way, get weird dialog pop-ups out of nowhere from characters you've never met, and generally run around wondering what you're supposed to be doing because there is no real in-game guides that actually, y'know, teach you anything.Overall I'd say the general problem is that they took the solid M&B combat engine and then tried adding lots of stuff to it that it was never really meant to do in the first place, and then spent the next several years trying to bugfix the resulting mess.  The result is a game with one great strength followed by a long list of ever increasing weaknesses.  The ship combat barely works.  The economic game doesn't work at all.  The scripted stories... I can't even tell if they're working.  The strategic map is a mess that still has pathfinding issues to this day.Saddest of all is that you know a game has reached the end of its development life when they try to sell you it's soundtrack for extra cash (y'know, the same soundtrack that's already included in the game you already own?).  Therefore I don't see any of these problems ever getting fixed, which is a shame.Theideasare good.  We've needed a pirate game with more first person combat for a long time.  It's theexecutionthat was lacking, because they used a engine that's good for first person combat and not much else, and it's that not much else that brings the game down.  I don't blame the developers for the limitations of the game engine.  I'm sure they did the best with what they had to work with.  The problem is mostly just the inadequacy of the tools."
76561198022458570,Recommended,413710,30428700,Posted: 10 March,all,Hawkeye,"Rate 8/10Great concepts in the game, wonderfully open to your own desires and opportunities but the difficulty in suceeding and the frustrations involved with failure mar the quality of the game.You can join 1 of the 4 main factions (English, Spanish, French, Dutch) and go to war with any of the other factions, including sieges, land battles and boarding enemy ships on the high seas. 10/10You can recruit your own crew, of any kind, and upgrade them as you wish. 10/10You can build/ modify your own ship as you wish and hopefully accomplish greater tasks for greater ships. 10/10There are a multitude of ports to stop at to purchase/sell supplies, recruit soldiers, get quests, purchase factories or fields,  visit taverns for ♥♥♥♥♥s or deposit money in a banking account. 10/10The battle screens take you into the action. You purchase/equip the weapons and armor of your choice and then lead your men into battle; whether you are charging down a hill at the enemy, cannonading an enemy fort with your warship and charging the breach or jumping the railing of the enemy vessel. 10/101 non-joinable faction and 2 universal factions that you can always fight (The Brotherhood of the Coast, Pirates/Robbers/Bandits, Natives) to fulfill your bloodthirsty urges when your faction is at peace. 10/10You can start your own faction! 10/10There are never-ending side quests do accomplish that are all profitable in some way. However, they are repetitive and beware failing them. 5/10The learning curve for some aspects of the game are quite steep, and getting captured or failing a task at the wrong time can seriously impede the rest of your game. 5/10Being captured is by far the worst thing that can happen in this game and while it is realistic in nature it is incredibly frustrating and tiresome. All of your gear, supplies and money are stripped from you and they will never be recovered. You must choose to either try to escape alone, wait and persuade others to join you, wait and hope, or try to ransom yourself. If you run and get caught again, you stand a chance of being ""injured"" somehow and losing stat point in intelligence or strength, further hindering you (this is especially frustrating at higher levels when it cost more to level up). Worse, even when you finally get away, you are still left with only the items that you managed to escape with. 0/10Essentially, if you like Sid Meiers Pirates, but you also like the Mount and Blade fighting mechanics, this game is the best of both. I definitely recommend this game!Sidenote/Hint - Bank as much cash as you can, whenever you can! You will not regret it!"
76561198032860269,Recommended,413710,32856923,Posted: 27 June,all,Ætherial,"I think this is a good game. I have a lot of hours in it and I think I ll play it for a  good bit more. I dont think you ll be wasting your money for buying this, however there are a few catches:- Bugs, glitches the fun stuff. Yeah there is nothing better than falling through your ship and dying in the sea. Or having enemies inside walls. Stuff like that. Not common, but happens.- Silly option buttons. Here is an example; You have 6 ships of the line, the only thing that can happen is a swift defeat of the enemy right? You tear through 5 of the 6 ships of the enemy then board the last one and instead of clicking the ""fight"" option you mistakenly click ""surrender"" (will happen eventually, believe me). The game wont ask you if you are sure. Congrats! You are a slave now :P -Play with the no saves option at your own risk-- Weird fps issues. This game definitely isnt a looker but it sure does drop to as low as 4-10 fps in crowded areas, especially if there is gunfire. It seems to happen even in powerful computers.- Combat is somwehat random. A lucky hit to the head or a cannonball will happen eventually and you ll have a great view of the battlefield lying down. While I don't think this is a ""con"" of the game it can become frustrating at times.- Skills. I mean a lot of them. Most are useless (By useless I include some skills that can work in your favor but have little to no impact on the game - e.g. Gambling, Looting). Some are only useful up to a point (Weapon master, Riding). The explanations are scarce and I found a lot of help in the community site, but still, if you are the ""must know what it does"" type, dont expect to find definitive explanations in-game.On the bright side you have ships, pirates, swashbucklers (or weird full plate wearing medieval knights swinging on ropes - yeah, I did that, plate offers the best protection :P) are fun, and there is a lot of customization (ship upgrades, npcs, a lot of unit types) options available.If you can look past the aforementioned issues AND you like mount and blade, I think you ll definitely enjoy this game, otherwise, steer clear."
,Recommended,413710,31150674,Posted: 15 April,all,SomeGuyCalledJasper,"I was like:Mount & Blade Engine + Pirates?Holy Sh#t I need his game. But when I played it I realised that it wasnt as deep as other pirate games. I didnt find myself having a connection to my crew, the interface is weird etcHOWEVER it's still fun as hell to have mount and blade acs battles as pirates.I would grab this game on a sale for 5$Its an OK game that you can mess arround with every now and then (Cheats are REQUIRED as the economy is broken)"
,Recommended,413710,19607956,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Dazzer,"Oh dear... I don't know what to say.... it's.... it's entirely different than Caribbean! Many new features were added, like new mission in which you have to assassinate someone, then barfights and many more great things. It's just awesome! You MUST buy it!"
76561198040291000,Not Recommended,413710,31430680,Posted: 28 April,all,Christopher The Walken,"The Game was half made, don't get me wrong it has alot of content and potential and i dig the concept. i typically don't post reviews and iv'e supported Snowbird studios for a long time and sunk many hours into their games but this one fell way short and they've decided to abandon the project and put a new ""zombies"" mode out and its basically a mod you pay for and they havn't even finished the base game. To say they completed the game is a joke, very disappointed and don't know if i'd purchase another game from this studio, i hope they can redeem themselves someday...."
,Recommended,413710,19693525,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Havok,"A pirate themed Mount & Blade. What is not to love? Yes  it has its problems, but Mount & Blade does to, if you can overlook that it is a really great game."
,Recommended,413710,21154335,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,"I went to the cemetary, got laid","Ok, so my review is basically a bug list that needs fixing from the devs:Crashes when trying to retreat during special missions. Being able to see the battle play out is ok, but your maps often mess up the pathing, and then it can take forever. There's no way back to the menu screen then.Not being able to control your men during special missions. If you ask me to do a 31 v 31 skirmish with native gear against armed enemies, then letting me use the basic mount and blade commands would be niceThe command and control system has gotten worse from Warband era Mount and Blade, I haven't played enough Fire and Sword to comment. There's a map, but it's unintuitive, didn't work for me while trying to move units, and it plays out in real time. I used to just ride my horse towards the nearest high point and tell infantry and archers to stay there. Now I have to sit on my horse and wait for them to get there. Not good.Horseman are worthless. Don't pick up any Harquesibiers if you plan on fighting on the land. You'll bury them the next day. If you get them to follow you, and make sure they hold off, and play a retreating action with them you can inflict some casualites, but they have really, really low survivability, even if you don't let them get mobbed. Often I'll steamroll an enemy, but lose most of my stupid horse gunners.Armour is key, but doesn't seem to scale up nicely. I'm still on a fairly easy difficulty, and the armour is tissue paper. Especially to guns. Taking 27p damage in a 32 head protection helmet when I can't even kill regular troops on every hit with a high end gun is infuriating. I guess it doesn't matter so much since the armour costs nothing once you start raiding convoys, but still.You can't do anything to avoid a boarding. If the AI thinks it will win a boarding, it will charge you, if not, it will sail in circles firing it's cannons. It's really obvious, really quick. So if the enemy boat comes at you, fire on it with a broadside and run away. Use your chainshot and it'll stop. It's fine for now, but it's going to get old soon, which brings me to the next point.Boarding combat is really damn stupid. I don't seem to have any way of knowing how many men I'll field, how many combat troops I have on each boat, or assigning them, I can't order my men to stand grand, so if I'm outnumbered, there goes picking them off and using a local numerical advantage to inflict some casualties.Taverns are just annoying. Fix the layout. I don't want to climb stairs to do anything.Every menu takes forever to load.Your ship will automatically land if it bumps into a port. This will cost you tax, and take a while, loading, more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Sometimes pathing will do this for no reason.Multiple ship boardings aren't possible.I do really like this game. It shows a lot of promise, and a lot of people asked for it. But it needs serious patching, and probably some content updates. I just can't recommend it to you if you aren't willing to put up with the bugs. It's mount and blade on ships, and yeah, for the most part it works, even with the clunky, dated engine and combat limiting the boarding action. Like Mount and Blade, you can fall into a rhythm of progress and have a lot of fun. Just, look up a tutorial first. Recruiting is dumb, and you need to recruit heavily. There's a message board in towns for it. You advance a lot quicker in this game than the originals, or maybe I'm just better. The combat feels harder, and I played on fairly hard difficulties, full damage, full speed, full size, etc in Warband, which is good and bad. Getting better ships is based on ""Rank"" which is based on your reputation, which lags far behind what you can do combat wise. It's easier to steal better ships than buy them, which becomes more of a problem as you start looking at attacking Captains for their ships.  I've got a fleet of Light Galleons, still chasing down a medium or an even better ship and the best I can buy is a brig.Upgrading ships is expensive. Don't do it until you have a decent ship, otherwise you're wasting time. Don't be scared to sell ships and upgrade."
,Recommended,413710,19643122,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,babybasher,"Wow, they actually delivered.  If you were dissapointed by the original, you should be thrilled by this.  Everything they promised without any sneaky price gouging to existing owners.Had to read the negative reviews that recently came in.  Long loading times? Not particuarly.  Long compared to vanilla sure, but you gotta be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to think you'll get the same loading times with all the extra detail in this game.I run a 6yo PC that meets about the minimum reqs.  I don't feel the loading times are anything to complain over.  Maybe optimise your pc a bit better.  I dare say this is the type of person that has a million toolbars loaded in their browser and complain that its slow"
,Recommended,413710,19692717,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,What The Fup,"I'm glad they pulled through all the flak after Caribbean and gave us this. I've only spendt 40 mins so far into the new version and I'm enjoying myself, the game transitions at a decent pace through the various menus in town, the fact that we now can take a walk in towns is a huge pluss, they've cleaned up the town menu aswell. If you look for a mount&blade esque pirate game this is the one to get."
,Recommended,413710,23047538,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Freedomna,"MB:WFaS meets Sid Mier's Pirates in a nutshell. I got this game early on when it was just Caribbean and it didn't live up to expecations, however this remastering has made it an overwhelming enjoyable game. It is your standard MB experience; start off with nothing, raid convoys, create a kingdom, etc. I like that they over hauled battles so in the begining you get a Total War feel as you setup your units, and there are even cosmetic units like drummers too. Combat is the same as MB, love it or hate it. Ship battles are decent with fast forward buttons to speed them up if you feel they are slow.Few nitpicks though that stop this from being Warband.-Dead online community. Tried Multiplayer twice, no servers.-Lack of mods. While there is a module system, I have yet to find any player made modules.-Limited flags. Only 8 compared to the dozens in Warband.and as a final nitpick, most of the companions hate it when you raid ships... in a game about pirates. Not going to count off for that, just found it strange that we didn't have more evil characters. I want to♥♥♥♥♥♥ships and pillage women, not be a trader (though you can do that).So do I recommend the game??? For $20 it is slightly more than I would prefer to pay for it (I would value the game at $10-$15), but it is still worth it expecially with the free DLC the devs give us."
,Recommended,413710,19626440,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Nescria,"So far teh game is far mroe stable then the previous version and has more thought to it, with this recent change to the game i think they have redeemed themselves.the 2 things im happiest about is you can now play as a female character and 2nd it has multiplayer now."
,Recommended,413710,19643173,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Goninon,"Let me start by first saying Well done to the creators.To completely rerelease a game with the players in mind is a good move.Pros:Graphics are prettyGame play is funPiratesFor all those native lovers out there, native boobs!Cons:Framerates still pretty average compared to Mount and blade.Muskets are far too accurate but this has been fun so we'll give it a pro too.Grenades need balancing, they've also been fun to use but they need to be changed.Pikes should be able to block.Single player ai pathing poor, it should be able to walk to another town to reboard my ships without stopping in every town on the way.Suggestions:Change muskets and grenades.Give natives a little more variety.More maps! though ive read they're coming.Allow zoom and camera change during naval battles, unless its there and i cant find it.Well worth picking up overall, its great fun.Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,413710,31091546,Posted: 11 April,all,dougnessification,"I bought Blood & Gold as i have completely fallen in love with the mount and blade series, and i really did enjoy Caribbean for a while however i believe the game mechanics are too different compared to the mount and blade games and like the mount and blade games it is very difficult to start the game, however i love that about the game, the difficult beginning makes the game for me as i find myself at one point being a great captin with a fleet of pirate ships that ive stolen from random people on the seas and then i find myself becoming a slave on a spanish farm with nothing but the clothes on my back and an iron pole forcing me to rebuild my pirate fleet after escaping the farm. The game really creates a story for your character allowing you to be whoever and whatever you want."
,Recommended,413710,19682761,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jek,"Started up game-finished making my character looking like adam sandler-landed in a bay next to a spanish colony-went to colony and took some missions from the spanish general to destroy french ships carrying cargo nearby-destroyed said ships and got myself a bigger ship :D-returned to the spanish general and got my gold-raided french plantations nearby-tried raiding a french colony with 80+ spanish troops vs 65 french, failed-sold into slavery-tried uprising, failed-tried again, failed-tried again, failedgave upSecond try-I got good with the spanish-got spanish elite troops to use-used them to attack the french colony that sent my adam sandler into slavery, won-then started getting troops from the captrued french colony-then i attacked the french plantation that they sent me to.100/10 would free adam sandler from slavery again."
76561198075506819,Recommended,413710,24226649,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bozzy,"I was addicted to Sid Meyers Pirates when I was a kiddo, this is so darn close to it, and yet still has new stuff, ideas, gameplots hidden inside.It tend to get a bit ""same-o"" when you've played it for to darn long, or when you hit the exact same quests. But thats such a minor drawback compared to the epic fun-pack of being able to sword-spank some spanish bee-hiney or blackpowder-spray an english captain and take command over his puny little vessel.You DO need to have a hidden ""aaaayyye-captain"" deep down in you, and it does help a bit to have a bit of business-management (keyword: weapon-control) in short..weld you sword, reload ya handcannon and enjoy the game to its fullest.."
76561198069605525,Recommended,413710,19663650,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,rgjack,"Wow!! They really made some much needed improvements to the game, I owned the original Carribbean and I was really dispointed by how it was. This one on the other hand was a whole lot better! Now granted the sea battles are no where near as epic as Blackflag but if you do like pirate games, give this one a try."
,Recommended,413710,24308089,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,McIntosh_Productions,"Fatastic game I love Mount and Blade: Warban, and I love this game as well. It creates a indie gmae feel, with a Mount and Blade: Warband texture to it.Pros:+Ship Combat+Actually able to seige a fort form the sea (see my screenshots on it for more detail)+Beat the hell out of spaniards with pirates+Multitude of things you can be (Merchant, Pirate, Soldier, Sailor, Worker, slave, etc...)+In depth nations abilities of War and Peace (Issue embargos, hire pirates to raid convoys, Pay for peace, character beg for peace etc..)+Tell your ship to set itself on fire and ram an enemy ship++++Bang ♥♥♥♥♥ in the Tavern+Always exciting GameplayCons:-Clunky ship combat-Randomly dieng-Have 1,000,000 pirates appear out of nowwhere and attack you-When fighting theres a loud hard ding noise that never stops until the battle ends-Animations sometimes bug out-Barely to zero land combat, ples ad mow land town pls im begging....-Still can't find where to buy cannons from (there are cannons i a sure you}"
76561198007287769,Recommended,413710,19652460,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MOV_HIKKUPZ,Ive waited 3.5 years for this game to release and even kept my regiment alive 10th ROyal Marines for this moment!. Join the Men Of Valor gaming steam group for weekly events info /Line Battle info for Caribbean Blood & Gold. Joint the MOV_TF_Caribbean_OC or MOV_TF_Caribbean_NA server as we will be making custom maps like we do for Napoleonic Wars.Teamspeak 8.6.2.2:9271 if your looking for sponsorship for your Blood&Gold regiment/Pirate crew
76561198140719762,Recommended,413710,19641861,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheA1abamaGamer,It's the pirate game we wanted for awhile now. Granted its far from perfect but with alittle time and tlc this could be an amazing game.
76561198246247666,Recommended,413710,20294230,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,gabuyarussell,considering it's still being updated and mod is still on the way i am currently enjoying while expecting more changes
76561198007284815,Not Recommended,413710,21018431,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jimbo_jamerson,"Well idk how they did it but they messed up pretty bad with this one.Combat is the bread and butter of any mount and blade game, now i know this isnt mount and blade, but its the same thing.The combat commands are clunky and almost useless, you tell your troops to hold ground, and they hold anywhere but where you told them to, there is no advance order, there is no fall back order, there is no dismount order, there is no increase/decrease ranks/columns order, you can't even create custom groupings AND all combat orders are not even allowed during missions and such, so you can do nothing but watch all your men kill themselves cause they fight like idiots. The best you can do is tell everyone to charge helterskelter.Pretty annoyed considering it claims to use a 'significantly improved' M&B engine, dont get me wrong, they added a lot of cool stuff the other games dont have, but unfortunately, they completely cocked up the ordering troops part of the game."
,Not Recommended,413710,33800984,Posted: 25 July,all,Shroomcloud,"As of July 2017 I do not recommend this game.This is a pretty nice, but altogether incomplete and buggy MOD for Mount and Blade. I LOVE Mount and Blade, so I *do* have fun playing this game, but until Blood and Gold is very seriously updated I can't recommend spending money on it."
76561198184506785,Recommended,413710,19631790,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Grenadier Guard Harvey,Very Good however Bugs and Glitches are Expected but still the New Features are very good
76561198104089191,Recommended,413710,19665835,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Bushi Neko,"THIS IS NOT GOING TO BE A REVIEW... YET.I just dont have enough time in this game yet to give it anything close to a review.BUT>>>>I will say this.. This is basically Caribbean redone. Not basically, it is. When Caribbean first hit STEAM, it was something I had hoped for.. Pirates AKA the old days plus Mount and Blade gameplay.. but what it was.. was a mess. I couldnt get into 5 mins at a time with it. But the other day I opened my STEAM to see... low and behold.. THIS.Its the entire game basically redone. It adds everything they said the original would have, and it was fun to fire up long enough at this time to see how it goes..I wont say it will ever hold me for hours and hours right now.. I am just not in anything like Mount and Blade gameplay at the moment.. but here is why I write this now..It was totally free. The company basically said.. ( not quoting, paraphrasing here... ) Hey that game we made and you bought.. it sucked.. we know it.. Here is what we wanted and all the stuff you guys asked for.. so you get a free copy..Ok.. that got my attention.Yep... Even in my little time.. I ve seen that a lot of that stuff peeps wanted.. its there.Good Job."
76561198095289977,Recommended,413710,19607830,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ϟϟ ＬＯＵＧＨＴＹ ϟϟ,"An improvement from Caribbean! that offers a similiar single-player experience but with more content including aztecs, walking around towns, enhanced world map as well as minor improvements like being able to play as females, being able to marry a governor's daughter, blackjack, improved taverns. There are also missionsincluded, these missions can be obtained by a certain person who appears in every tavern. These missions include, assassination contracts, escorting contracts, beating up nobles, taking over mines or plantations, destroying mines or plantations amongst other things.A brand new feature is if you happen to be taken prisoner you are now sent to either a mine or a plantation were you are forced to work as a slave, you can recruit prisoners and start an uprising and if it is succesfull you can escape with the prisoners. This is a great feature as it adds realism and makes every battle stressfull as you know if you fail your going to end up as a slave.As well as all that there is also a multiplayer that is extremely enjoyable just like any mount and blade game, so far the multiplayer has been the best part for me.ALSO IT'S FREE IF YOU ALREADY OWN CARIBBEAN!"
76561197996653478,Recommended,413710,29202386,Posted: 12 January,all,Siegfried,"This game should be considered a narcotic.I want to stop playing it and play other games, but I simply could not!Everything about this game that I can think of are goodpoints, but there are 3 bad things about it though:1. Once you got a full 6 ship fleet, you are undefeatable on open sea. This make you feels awesome for a while, then it gets REALLY boring once you get slow but powerful ship as your flagship. Artificial difficulty induced by yourself can solve it though. Like limiting the kind of ship you can use to Snow or Brigantine, etc.2. Boarding battle is unbalanced. No matter how small the size of your enemy ship and/or its crew when compared to yours, your crews are going to be LARGELY outnumbered and outclassed unless you peppered enemy's ship with grape shot first.For example,  you may get a galleon with 200 crews manned it, but when you board an enemy ship, no matter how small or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is, it will oftenly be a battle of 20 sailors + you against 50 French/English/Spanish/Dutch Renegades and Veteran Rerenegades.3. Quest system kinda sucks. The quest itself and the mission designs are good, yes. But there's like only 3-4 lord quest and suspicious man quest. Come on. You can do better, dev!Beside these three cons, the game offered you everything Mount&Blade : Warband offered, plus A LOT more that will keep you addicted to it."
76561198009814331,Recommended,413710,29552864,Posted: 28 January,all,gowanditchburn,"Warning: This is a long review there is a TL;DR at the bottom. Also I have dyslexia so prepare for spelling errors.This is one game that I keep coming back to. I will go away and play something else (Usually M&B itself) but always return here to carry on my adventures. Blood & Gold: Caribbean is in essence a mount and blade game with added and altered features. A quick scan through the negative reviews reveals that this is often a complaint, that this should be a free mod rather than a seperate, paid, game. I disagree, primarily because many of the free mods out there for Warband would, if standalone, be worth paying for. This is a controversial opinion but I think it must be stated because if you think that this should be a free mod then you will never reccommend it. So is it worth it? I believe so, although I would still reccommend you get it on sale AND, this is essential, I highly reccommend playing with the 'Extra Starts MOD' availible on the workshop. This adds many new features and really adds to the experience. I always play with this mod activated.There are many aspects of this game I really enjoy but I will not focus on these. Rather, below I explain what things could be improved in a sequel. With Bannerlord expected to be released soon perhaps a new game could be built on that engine. With the improvments I discuss below it'd be well worth it.The 'Campaign' Map: The map is what really sets this appart from vanilla Mount & Blade. Not just in location but also in function. Instead of the mix of towns, villages and castles, there are city ports, missions, plantations, and mines. This has benefits in that it makes the focus of activity in the sea (which is important for the theme). However, the range of activities ashore is reduced making expeditions into the interior less enjoyable. A way to improve this would be to increase the diversity of settlements on land (such as towns, villages and/or cities) to give the player more freedom. I'd also recommend that the map be expanded to include more of the americas for that purpose.battle/settlement maps: The battlefields and towns within B&G:C are all interesting and fun to explore, but they get repetative. More diversity here would be a major improvement. Furthermore the layout of settlments can be rather odd. It is hard to find certain buildings when walking around. Bannerlord's more in depth settlement mechanics, such as crime networks, would be a great addition and really bring the towns to life. [Some of the problems I have with the layout do stem from the fact I study Urban Design/Planning. So if you wanted I could go on for ages but I am being restrained here.]Sea Battles: These are by far and away the best feature in the game. They could also do with massive improvment, but this probably comes down to limitations with the engine. As such I will not comment too much on this. Perhaps my biggest area of complaint is the boarding actions. Swinging form ship to ship and climbing the rigging are excellent features. But these actions get very repetative because of the limited number of ship models. Again more diversity would improve this.setting: The timeframe is the golden age of Piracy with major factions battling it out for control of the seas. Which is all very well and good. Personally I'd perfer a game to focus on the early 18th century when piracy was on the decline but privateering on behalf of a faction remained strong. But that is just my personal opinion (Although if the devs were to do a sequel this might well be the most suitable time frame.) My main complaint and what could be improved here is the lack of factions. Other than the european empires (+ the Brotherhood of the coast) there are only native rebels. Giving the native tribes some settlements (hidden forest villages perhaps) as well as introducing other factions: Be they different native americans, runnaway slaves, Denmark (who somehow managed to get territory in the Caribbean) and other small groups with their own settlements (hide outs, villages etc.) would create more life and reduce the repetition which is the main issue with the game.Graphics: My complaint here is not about quality but consistency. My main pet hate about this game is the fact the plate armour looks completely different to everything else. The quality is a lot lower and it looks really out of place. I think that the devs should really cross check the textures and designs they are using to make sure they match and are up to the same standard.Miscellaneous: Night battles can be too dark. Too few banners/flags to choose from. not enough waky quests (come on I want to hunt for El Dorado). Needs more music (the music is excellent but there are too few tracks).....TL;DR: The game suffers from a severe case of repetition. Repetative maps, models, quests etc. I have experienced no bugs unlike others. So it is a case (with a few exceptions) that everthing that is in the game is great! There just should be more. If you are curious about my opinion on X just ask. ;)Overall rating 7.8/10"
,Recommended,413710,21211750,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TaterTot,"One of my new favourite games, honestly. It's amazing. In short, it's basically Mount and Blade: Warband (Or Fire and Sword) with Pirates and in the Carribean, plus arguably more to do.The reviews talking about bugs are quickly becoming irrelevant simply because the bugs are being patched and I thankfully have had few encounters with them (Twice, so far, and a reload sufficed.)I heartily recommend this game. It's brilliant."
76561198024342207,Recommended,413710,24533072,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,timfbender,"Wonderful game and a great merger of Mount & Blade style warfare with a pirates setting. Tons of fun quests to do, like bodyguard missions, exploring lost temples, burning shipyards, conquoring mines, etc. And naval boarding actions are great fun.Highly recomend this game. The developers have already patched it into a good state, and they continue to work hard to eliminate the smaller remaining issues. And they even just released a free DLC with lots of new content."
76561198088368025,Recommended,413710,19607325,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Tasu'Kaan,"Nice game, Lags quite a bit on multi but I'm sure it'll be fixed"
76561198043616383,Recommended,413710,30386530,Posted: 7 March,all,Hendrikus3,"After playing for some hours I can say this:The game is a M&B Fire and Steel combination with SId Meier's pirates. It lacks the depth of the former, and lacks the story of the latter - but it does have the feel of the former and the atmosphere of the latter. I like and will be playing it for more. However, it does feel like a total conversion mod of M&B fire and steel and I don't think the current pricetag of €19,99 is worth it. I will give it a thumbs up because I really want to play it more - but it really does feel like a rough, unpolished mod of M&B.- It does have it's bugs and grievances that really should be patched.* Taking over brothel protection is a silly battle you lag in and out of. Also, not a challenge.* When sneaking into a city goes wrong you'll have to escape... but that's laughably easy since they've mispositioned   the character one step away from the exit.* Finding places on the map from quests is not always easy (is it a region or a cove, for instance)* Some quests don't make sense. Why would the Dutch authority send me to hunt robbers on a Spanish island while we're at war?* Trading is not streamlined. You'll have to find out for yourself and it's far easier getting money from capturing ships and selling them.* Fighting with bigger ships versus smaller ones is ridiculously costly in repairs and sailors and not worth doing.* Commanding your fleet in battle doesn't work. I try to tell ships to engage the enemy and they instantly drop their anchor - no exceptions. Best have them just follow you.* Civilians clip into buildings. Pushing R in fleet battles is stupid... speaking to people often does not have their face in the mugshot, sometimes your own lower jaw is clipping through.* The nudity is just'... well, juvenile. Not complaining, but it's basically a money sink."
76561198123105118,Recommended,413710,19612040,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,rex999,wow so much better than the first one must have.
76561198044592393,Recommended,413710,19692133,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kypho,"Feels a bit unfinished, but its an enjoyable, addictive game. I recommend it!"
76561198056379950,Recommended,413710,23320082,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,cedrickgold,"This is a qualified yes. I got the game on sale at a reasonable price for what it delivered. Full price I would vote down because of glitches and bugs.Some reviewers have compared it to Sid Meirs Pirates. It is nothing like Pirates, it comes from Mount & Blade which it shows very clearly. Comparing the two is like looking at apples and oranges. They are both fruit, both round, both from a tree but nothing like each other.It is a fun romp in the pirate world but basically a mod of Mount & Blade not something just using the same engine. Areas it does very well such as boarding an enemy ship. Ship to ship combat, not so much. Often I would close to fire a broadside and abruptly I was suddenly in a boarding action? Really? So if I can see the other ship on the screen to fire a broadside it can board me? So you need to fire blindly looking for a little marker that says the other ship is in range but not on the screen.Getting quests to chase outlaws or robbers on the islands is much harder than finding smugglers. Why? They disappear into towns, platations, or even coves never to be found. Since you can get on the island only at towns or coves, by the time you do, they are too close to what I mentioned so they are gone. Also when you leave your ships, you and your crew will be on horseback. Horses on a pirate ship? Makes sense only when you remember it is Mount & Blade not a game using the same engine.Gliches are plenty as well. Walk around town and talk to anyone, their image superimposes on your own or blanks out completely. At the sale price this can be overlooked, at full price you left scratching your head what the devs were thinking. Didn\'t they test such basic items before release?Then there are the bugs. I accepted an assignment to go to a cove to protect a shipment for a governor, fought off some attackers, and returned the governor for my reward. Abruptly I am being attacked, the daughter I supposed rescued? was suddenly there, and we were all killed. I\'m going who, what, where? Game over.So for all these reasons I suggest getting it on sale otherwise wait until it is for it is not worth the full price as it currently stands."
76561198094250440,Recommended,413710,19945932,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MOV_Renegade(Party),"For nearly two years I have waited for the next 'Mount and Blade Style' game to come out for the community. This game is so much better then warband in every aspects such as trading, building and troop training. Join the Men of Valour gaming community which will be hosting massive roleplaying events for this with custom made maps by our very own personal like we do in NW."
76561198100989091,Recommended,413710,19624704,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,RP,Everyone come back they patched Caribbean
76561198030115861,Recommended,413710,23595662,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cactusjuggler™,"I quite like this game! You see, it's all about expectations. If you are looking for a game that'll take up weeks of your time, this is not it. It has its bugs and mistakes, but overall, it's by all means an enjoyable game."
76561198006625606,Recommended,413710,19921584,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,marziaz,"I played the Early Release version of this game, and enjoyed it. I also play Mount and Blade and M&B Warband. I recommend it for anyone who enjoys the old Sid Meier's Pirates! type of adventure with the open world of Mount and Blade. You literally can do anything you want."
76561198011974611,Recommended,413710,19929512,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,supercid87,"Not bad, has potential."
,Not Recommended,413710,25521794,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mad Hatter,"For using the Mount&Blade engine/format along, I want to recommend this. Maybe with a little more polish and fixes, it'll deserve a thumbs up."
76561198007905883,Recommended,413710,31555704,Posted: 5 May,all,Your Grandmother,"I have at least a hundred hours in this game and many more in Mount & Blade and this game does not deserve the hate.  This is the pirate mod you're looking for if you've enjoyed M&B and want to spice it up.  It is full on M&B goodness wrapped up into a piratey world. Its the beauty of With Fire and Sword plus ship battles that do not disappoint. Of course in true M&B style, end game economy management will lead you to cheating but that has never bothered me in any M&B.Is it worth $20? For seasoned fans of M&B, an overwhelming yes.  For those looking for a pirate game? No, wait for it to be on sail....."
76561198011430780,Recommended,413710,19683763,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Baunch,Definitely a fun game.  Content seems a bit lacking as far as quests and replayability go I would like to see a greater variety of quests and rewards.  After you get good ships and decent soldiers the entire game just turns into seiging cities and capturing them.  7/10 its a good game but a lot could be done to improve it.
76561198052200552,Recommended,413710,25524734,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Blackular [CH61],"Thought it would be a god-awful paid version of the M&B mod Nova Aetas, actually a swashbuckling adventure with landings that work and did I mention that trading is a viable profession and piracy can be a means to that ends?So a pro/con list seems to be a good idea.PROS:It's mount and blade engine, bring on the mods (there are already mods lol)Trading is the regular old buy low, sell high except you can effect production postively/negatively through your own business and raids as well as doing trade missions.Fairly simple controls, it's not too well explained but once you figure it all out it's fairly easy to manage your ships/crew/business/financesTown quest board, great improvement over regular M&B systems and there are more unqiue/generic quests in general.Gun combat is more fun/fluid than say Napoleonic wars.Titles/ranks system that adds a sense of progression to the game so you have other goals to work towards.And there are many more.ConsBeen in EA a fair while, but it's had a free DLC so I guess that makes up for it a bit.First person view in the ship seems to be buggy and you can't rotate your camera from what I seen to see where the other ships are, although when doing regular cannon fights it's better to use the minimap.Path finding is kinda bad for your ship, often times it will go back to port if the most direct route is directyly in line with your clicked destination.Sometimes your own ships like to ram you in battle, although this is generally when deadstopping and turning so kinda your fault lol.Has the feeling of an expansion to M&B but the polish of a mod atm.If you wanted mount and blade warband with pirates, then this is for you but be warned it's still developing."
76561198014189197,Recommended,413710,19974963,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Yerland,This is a fun game using the mount and blade warband engine. Become a PIrate King if you want and take over the carribean.No the game isn't greatly polished and you will find bugs here or there. But I'd say its worth the asking price and will give you quite a bit of fun.
,Not Recommended,413710,28416714,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Centrophy,"Mount and Blade with ships. If you have played any of the more advanced modules like Gekokujo, Star Wars Conquest, Floris, Warwolf, Prophesy of Pendor or any other great mods this will seem really lackluster. There was no reason for this to have been packaged and sold as it's own game. You're going to miss a lot of the Diplomacy features.Modding community for this game is also dead even though the tools are included."
,Recommended,413710,19631169,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,STFU,The Caribbean open Beta game was not perfect but nice and I have over 10 hrs. on that so now they have added lots of thinks and I mean Lots of new thinks This game has big Potential ! Mount and Blade was Damn good and this Game can Overcome M&B if they add some new Gear or some more Dialog.And I hope mods will come too and if that happens this game would be Perfect ! I strongly recommend you guys to buy this.
76561198073583667,Recommended,413710,19687239,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Fourcoogs,"This is a good game. Really! it is! you have to remember this is no longer Caribbean. THIS IS SPARTA!!!!!! Wait, no it's not. This is Blood and Gold Caribbean. The non-rip-off-rear-end-being-shoved-in-face version of the old one. In the old one you could...-fight pirates-be a pirate-be a merchant (BORING)-kill a... um your computer?????-die of lag (literally, your character will die ALOT)Thats about it.Now grab your only just recently trusty scabbard, jump on a ship, sail to wherever the heck looks interesting, and...-fight pirates-be a pirate-be a merchant-kill a merchant/pirate/thing-get taken prisoner-escape with the prisoners-YA SCURVEY DOGS!-beat someone until their urinating blood-get beaten until YOUR urinating blood-castrate enemies with your sword so that they wont urinate blood... actually scratch that, they still will-keep lagging-BECOME SPARTICUS!!!!-put your fist through your computer in triumph-get a new computer-write a reviewSeriously, this game has regained its potential and seems to not be as empty as its (thankfully) dead predecessor. Im still a little frustrated they fixed ZERO lag problems and had to rename the game to get more customers. But I am happy they gave it to owners of the previous game for free.All in all 9/10. Now, if youll excuse me I have blood to urinate."
,Recommended,413710,19688377,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,MsgNinja,Upgrade version of what Caribbean should be. Still missing something. The old version of Caribbean didn't have this stuff in them so go with Blood & Gold: Caribbean. Still wish they could add some trophy or some kind of goal since I want to earn something.
76561198035669520,Recommended,413710,23773533,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,GTRamos12,"Fun game  with the mount and blade engine, it needs some work but I believe I got my money's worth of playing hours"
76561198160528436,Recommended,413710,23932321,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bri_Carlisle,It's good pirate fun very similar to Sid Meiers Pirates and the old Pirates of the Caribbean (Sea Dogs?) games.
76561198063273288,Recommended,413710,19752620,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Cpt_Weisemann,"After playing 20 hours new one and 50 hours old one, I appreciate improvements over Carribbean. New mission system is good addition although need some balance(after doing suspicious man missions several times you memorize them and they become an easy way of making money. I ve made 60k in an hour after I run from slavery). New slavery system is good too but it needs some fixes too(u can run alone easily, some places has too big openings). I havent noticed any differences between old and new sea combat because I always board enemy ships.If you like Mount and Blade and pirates, this game is for you."
,Recommended,413710,24903156,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,PhoenicianSon,"I have been a lover of Pirate genre games since Sid Meier released the first iteration of pirate based sandbox games in 1987 with Pirates!  The first time I played that game my age barely hit double digits and I was hooked from the moment I slipped in the disc on my Commodore64 and began playing.  The pirate game sandbox open world genre has had its ups and downs, and those years where it was practically absent from the gaming market with no or very few titles being released.  However, in the recent decade us open world pirate game genre lovers have had their fair share and shake of titles available on Steam and through other mediums offering some degree of selection.What makes this game special and entertaining as a pirate sandbox game? Well, if you have played Mount and Blade, then you will have an idea of the style and functionality of this game, which is essentially a very extensive paid mod of the original Mount and Blade title.  It uses the same engine and graphics, but places the landscape in the Caribbean and thus introduces ships along with land combat as you as the player traverses through both environments.While there are quests that are offered by people that are independent, are allies, or may join you as you discover and meet them during your travels, the game plays more like an open world, do what you want, anything goes, type of game than a story driven game built through a chain of quests, as most sandbox RPGs are designed.  The intent of game play is to amass power, stength and infamy through your conquest in the new world.   Will you become a factions greastest leader, its most feared adversary, a traitor, or a notorious loner pirate with no love for anyone but a vicious streak to amass power and gold?  That is the game... anything goes and be whatever and whoever you want to be making the replay value as good as it can get in this type of game.To break down the game into its simplist structure, you start with a ship and you begin your conquest as you rampage through the caribbean.  Obviously, and like all other RPGs, you start with very little, or just enough to get you going.  You can attack by sea on your ship, which changes the screen to a battle area where the controls of the ship have more of an arcade feel than a simulation - so more like Sid Meier Pirates! than the Sea Dogs or Age of Pirates titles.  You can also embark on land and engage in land battles where you command your troops against the enemy real time, which of course is the epitomy of this game since it was built with the guts of the title, Mount and Blade.As you gain momentum through victories both land and sea your notoriety steadily increases and the ""powers that be"", the factions, start having an opinion over your actions, for better or worse.  Your actions can even result in independent faction captains forming an opinion over your behavior for better or worse.  This is represented by a plus/negative point system to gauge your relations with the major factions and their respective captains who traverse the map looking for fame and fortune just like you but in the name of their faction.  You can join any one of the powers or simply accept a letter of marque authorizing you to unilaterally attack their enemies.  If you decide to attack without authority by any one faction your acts are branded as piracy and you gain a negative appeal from all factions regardless of whether they are at war with the faction you attacked or not.  There are also the factionless, Pirates, Picaroons, Smugglers, who sail with no allegiance that if attacked and destroyed you will gain positive notoriety with all factions, so that balance is present in the game mechanics.Your character and the characters that you find to join you and ultimately sail a ship of your fleet, all gain experience and level.  Your sailors and your soldiers also level through daily automatic training and through your battles and crusades.  While your sailors and soldiers experience simple leveling with automatic point increases in their skills/attributes and combat prowess, whereby you don't manually increase their respective skill traits and attributes, you and your catains are an entirely different story.  You as well as your captains level up as you/they gain experience, and you receive a series of points to apply to respectively to your attributes, skills, combat skills and traits... yes, there are actually four components to leveling your character and your captains.  Attributes will determine the maximum skill value you can accumulate by skill related to the respective and applicable attribute, skills enhance your combat abilities, tracking, sail and ship proficiency and a lot more, while you also increase your combat skills based on your preference, for example two handed weapons, firearms, cannons and or one handed weapons, even bows that you can find on the natives.  You also gain trait points that afford bonuses to your various skills and or abilities.  The greater your attributes the higher you can increase their relative skills that are dependent upon those attributes, which also has a bearing on combat skills.In addition to the leveling of your character by numeric values on your character sheet, you also gain what is called, ""Renown"".  Each action and or reaction in game equates to Renown that you gain through victorious endeavors battling other faction vessels and armies.  As you increase your Renown you gain a greater posterity represented by military officer positions, i.e. Ensign, Captain, Commodore and like names.  This will enable you to own plantations and engage in commerce and trade between your holdings in different colonies throughout the caribbean, purchase larger ships, have more soldiers, and other various but similar overall benefits to your gameplay.The game truly lets you follow your own destiny.  If you join a faction and take over a warring faction's colony you can request to become its governor.  If you are selected, you control that town, as well as its defense, city buildings and production resources.  If you conquest a town as an independent captain successfully and assume control of that town, you can name your faction and become an independent faction within the caribbean, one that you can wage war against the other factions, Spain, France, Dutch or the Pirate faction, or can establish trading pacts with other factions.The game has the flavor of Sid Meier Pirates! but with the execution of Mount and Blade gameplay and corresponding tactics, and although the feel of game play may be arcadish rather than simulation, there is greater depth with each interaction by combat in game.  You want to take that town, then you have to beseige the town.  If the town can withstand a seige for days on end then you either scale the walls with your troops or take the battle to the fort by sea with your ship to weaken its defenses then take the battle to the shores.  Land battles are real time and while you can only position your soldiers on the map and provide simple orders during combat, you are also dropped into the middle of battle fighting side by side with your contingent.  Sea battles start with your ship, but can end on the deck of the other ship fighting along side your men to eliminate the enemy soldiers and sailors to succesfully take the ship as your prize. You can modify your ship making it more combat resilient, or carry more tonnage for trading or loot, and purchase larger or smaller cannons on the various decks depending upon the type of ship.Although the graphics are a bit dated for a game released in 2015, this game is more substance over style, and if you love the open world sand box pirate genre and can accept a game with charisma and depth but may not be all too pretty then this game offers a unique perspective to its gameplay for this genre."
,Not Recommended,413710,29516206,Posted: 26 January,all,Rutskarn,"I'm not sure what this game is good for. With considerable effort, and more mastery than these systems really deserve, you can just about achieve a janky halfhearted piratical scenario or two--and this really is the best you can hope for. Most of the time the game's breaking or might as well be, for all the interesting things there are to do.There's none of the openness or transport or possibilities the other TaleWorlds games have, and none of the polish you'd expect in a commercial product of any description. It compares unfavorably to even the more mediocre mods available for Warband; f I hadn't paid for this, I'd have uninstalled it already."
76561198042268945,Recommended,413710,19793099,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,D-Kat,"This game is everything I expected it to be. Do sketchy business with anyone, and even if you don't feel like committing to a faction yet, there are shady people in the Tavern to offer money in exchange for your sword. Black jack is kind of fun, although my luck with it thus far has been just awful. My biggest complaint is how powerful guns are. Things can be going so well, then some jerk pops around the corner with a rifle and knocks you out in one hit."
76561198032251347,Recommended,413710,19769790,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,VLAD THE INHALER,Yabba dabba doo its star citizen meets dayz meets mount and blade and then we shaved his belly with a rusty razer
,Recommended,413710,19717923,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Boneco Josias,"To do list:I. Do some dirty job to get some moneyII. Buy some BADASS gear to kill enemies easier at battlefieldsIII. Upgrade your ship with better artilleryIV. Raid other ships than add they to your vesselV. Start recruiting some men to your partyVI. Raid towns,mines,farms or governors shipsVII. Become the most feared captainVIII. GET A LOT OF MONEY FROM YOUR TOWNSIX. Spent your entire money with hookers, blackjack and more drunken sailors to recruitX. DRINK A LOT OF RUM AND SPIT ON YOUR ENEMIES YARGH!9/10 Looking further for this gamesince caribbean sadly failed ( i liked caribbean anyway )Good job Snowbird"
76561198010436695,Not Recommended,413710,25527003,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Panzer,I cannot really say if this game is any good as I am one of the unlucky ones who aren't able to use the mouse cursor in the game due to it being frozen or invisible. There are many messages on the forum but no solution that works for me. It may be an epic game but I would need to be able to at least play it to know. It's just a new icon for my desktop at the moment.
76561198071384732,Recommended,413710,19610855,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Stacks,WE'RE GUNNA BEH RICH NAWWWW
,Recommended,413710,19610958,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,BriarMoss,Worth it.
76561198109906043,Recommended,413710,19634158,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,:boss:™,"What do you do with a drunken sailor,What do you do with a drunken sailor,What do you do with a drunken sailor,Earl-eye in the morning!Way hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarl-eye in the morningShave his belly with a rusty razor,Shave his belly with a rusty razor,Shave his belly with a rusty razor,Earl-eye in the morning!Way hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarl-eye in the morningPut him in the long-boat till he gets sober,Put him in the long-boat till he gets sober,Put him in the long-boat till he gets sober,Earl-eye in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarl-eye in the morningPut him in the bed with the Captain's daughter,Put him in the bed with the Captain's daughter,Put him in the bed with the Captain's daughter,Earl-eye in the morning!Way hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarl-eye in the morningThat's what we do with a drunken sailor,That's what we do with a drunken sailor,That's what we do with a drunken sailor,Earl-eye in the morning!"
76561198077897997,Recommended,413710,23053054,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,klacoste,"It's a pretty fun game let down by frequent bugs and crashes to desktop.The game's similar to other ""pirate tycoon"" games like Port Royale. You can be a pirate, privateer or merchant (or all three), fighting for any of the four European major powers (Netherlands, England, Spain or France), or you can fight for the pirates, or even create your own faction.Graphics are very dated. Don't expect much.Alas, this game is let down by bugs. I frequently crash to the desktop during boarding battles, so just be warned."
,Recommended,413710,19607655,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,VoltZ,I recommend this game far from any game i have played!! i cant explain how long we been waiting for this epic game!! i recommend it cause of the long and hard work put into it. Those russian are crazy huh!
76561198205431548,Recommended,413710,31848858,Posted: 19 May,all,Kiri,"It was entertaining enough. Not as good as other mount and blade spin offs but I had some fun. Get it on offer for £10 if you like. There's really nothing bad with it per se, it's just lacking in depth compared to warband and VC"
76561198050335154,Recommended,413710,26272696,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tyr Sallus,"The Ship Combat is retty decent if not a little redundant, I would like to see more variety in tactics from the AI.Land battles are fun as well, my favorite type of battle has been the assaulting cities from the sea and pulling your big battleships up and pounding the fortress before sending your landing party in.I really think the needs to be a little more refinement of the economy and trading aspects of the game.The city management seems to be way too easy with building a municipal building every so often to improve the town.I fully recomend the game to others."
,Recommended,413710,22928966,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,SLICKSLYKE,"> Buy this Game because friend told me its Similar to SM Pirates> Broken dreams of being a pirate as a kid make me giddy all through Download> Run Game> Start menu song is so good I just sit there and listen till it ends> Start new game> Dis is Horse and Sword. I like Horse and Sword.> Get on Map see bandits/Pirates> Kill the Skaliwags Take their ships> Go to Ports Start Pimp Protection Racket get income and Free rolls in the hay with Women of Ill Repute> I wanna Go Kinda Legit.jpg> Join English Faction> Watch Master and Commander Far Side of the World Later that night.> Cannot Start Battles anymore without shouting ""WE SHALL BEAT TO QUARTERS!!!"" Like a Raging Autist.> Neighbors hate me> ****em10/10 Livin the Dream"
76561198049902916,Recommended,413710,19703097,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,(NativeAmerican)reyesatsarobledo,the barricks need to be able to enter because i need to hire more soldiers with out it i can't even the fort but im liking it plus will there be apaches to play as
,Recommended,413710,26305341,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Doktor Österreich,I do not know why this game gets so many negative reviews! You know what you are getting! A pirate mod for Mount and Blade! But a very good one worth paying for! They have improved the engine signifigantly! If you are a Mount and Blade fan or even a Sid Meiers Pirates fan then you could do much worse than this game!6/10 for the game itself8/10 if you are a Mount and Blade fan
76561198006865710,Recommended,413710,26634716,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kartaugh,"Don't be fooled by my play time, most of it was actually when the game was just named Caribbean.It's a M&B game, with everything that comes attached with that. However, this does present an ok naval battle system, sort of reminiscent of the old Pirates! game.The graphics are a bit dated, since it uses the same engine as Warband, but that is not the sort of criticism that would destroy a game in my view.I'm recommending this to fans of M&B, and those that want to try the life of a Caribbean sailing admiral."
,Not Recommended,413710,30112509,Posted: 22 February,all,Ole_Snoofer,Does the idea of playing Mount & Blade: Warband without all the things that made Mount & Blade: Warband good excite you? Well boy do I have a game for you!
76561198027814998,Recommended,413710,19817032,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,joe needs beer,"love the game works well but still has lots of lagsi will add some but not cus its bad bad want it to have a chanse to get fixt and be betterthe game is fun thanks for the work and keep,doing great-whent in my ship saiw a bed whent to sleep in it then never was aboul to leave the cabin-one mission whith a girl named loise. she stayed with me and it let me start my own cuntry. it gave me that dock and a small settlement on land. so whent to the land town. walked it town talked to leader of town and when leaving gards stop me so i ask to see the leader i was standing in front of my own person. could not leave islande"
76561198042678469,Recommended,413710,19755336,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Unz Lieter,"""Warband with Hookers and Blackjack""10/10 Would Start Hooker Business Again"
,Recommended,413710,19638374,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,jmcone,"Just a short review for now, and I haven't even played that much of the game. It'll be updated once I've more thoroughly delved into all the systems.I get the feeling this was the game that Snowbird was always aiming for; it's got immediately more content than it's predecessor, a new prison system (the amount of times prisoners refused to rebel...). New missions, such as bodyguard, sabotage and assassination missions, are available. You can now walk around the well designed cities, and also play as female characters.The naval battles are still as fun as they were before in Caribbean! and I haven't had enough experience yet with land combat to offer a conclusive report on that.So far, there's just an overwhelming amount to do. Snowbird have really stepped it up and given us the game that Caribbean! should have been from the start. I'm looking forward to the future of this game, whereas I was apprehensive to the future of Caribbean!. Blood and Gold: Caribbean! is a marked improvement and worth a purchase from day 1."
76561198161661130,Recommended,413710,19652706,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Eric Harris,"This game is well worth every penny. It may be a bit buggy, animation may be a bit off same with some of the pathfinding, but it is still a solid game. Even though I've only played twelve minutes of it, I loved every second, a tense and action packed adventure into the realm of the new world."
76561198070990304,Recommended,413710,19638588,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,dapumpkin2012,"This is one of those miracles that happen far too rarely in gaming where a game developer hears the cries of its playerbase and responds with meaningful change. Having only played 30 minutes of this new revamped Caribbean, near everything wrong with the original game has been fixed and some things that were added I did not even know I wanted. This is truly a refreshing turn of events for gamers supporting devs mid-development. The devs managed to salvage a 4/10 game into a 8/10 endless pirate and trading sandbox with missions and blackjack."
,Recommended,413710,19816669,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rem,"Good game.For those of you lagging during 50 + vs 50 + battles either turn off VSYNC (Configure Tab menu when the desktop menu appears, and then click on Video)  or turn Anti-aliasing to maximum of 4x or turn it off. Try turning off both if one or the other don't work. It will most likely solve the lag problem."
76561198210396368,Recommended,413710,19703231,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,TheSenatorPredator12,Definately an improvment from the first one. BUT the coppy lag hurts it too much. I could run the old one perfectly (besides the naval seiges)
76561197966449393,Not Recommended,413710,20536608,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Tazz,"Great potential, but to be honest so many bugs it really should be 'early access'. can't recommend just yet."
,Recommended,413710,21496258,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,GOD - AfterShox,"Honestly one of my favourite games, unlike the first version the devs actually listen to us and make updates."
76561198036174491,Recommended,413710,19630282,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,JF,"Got high got a pirate Got a boat attacked a smuggler got all his loot went to dock sold everything including the boat I won, upgraded my boat employed a load of pirates got more high attacked another load of pirates went to slavery broke out went to a church and attack a load of nuns killed them all with a small knife/sword plundered kept plundering guards showed up went to prison again rallied aload of slaves killed a load of guards broke out lost my ship got high."
90960024590960024,Recommended,413710,19631127,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[DC] MrNoier,I think that this versione is more better then the another one cuz the old one was crappy and full of glitches and boring cuz you couldnt move in towns or walk around in you city/castle and in your home but the new versione is more better and smoother runs better and more stuff to play around with you can now be a king too and get lord on your them i think this new version is going to get more suport then the old one
76561198006598803,Not Recommended,413710,19704191,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Gooseman,"I've been following Caribbean for a while and as a big fan of the period and M&B I was very excited to play it once the technical issues were ironed out. The positive reviews for Blood & Gold led me to believe this was the case.Unfortunately Caribbean simply has too many issues to recommend and I'm requesting a refund.*Frequently crashes and subject to numerous graphical glitches between menus and load screens.*Load times are extremely long.*Low frame rate on many maps*Naval combat has fixed camera making it difficult to aim.*Ship animations on map are jerky and poorly animated.*Music often stops completely and there is no ambient sound on map.There are many free M&B mods that run better, are more polished and simply are more fun than this game."
76561198023591736,Recommended,413710,26443533,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Naren,"This game is great and fun. Still has a little bit of bugs and lags some times, but not enough to ruin gameplay. I would recommend. 8/10"
,Recommended,413710,29287674,Posted: 15 January,all,Norwood,"This game does have issues, but is a lot of fun to play. The biggest issue with the game really is the loading time when entering cities, it takes just a while to load and can leave you frustrated. (Expecially if you are impatient.)For those who love the Mount & Blade series, this will feel very familiar as it uses the same engine and a lot of the same mechanics, but this game also brings some different things to the table: bar fights, horse races, a great pirate theme, escaping slavery, naval battles, and much more.Overall it is a good game, but you have to be patient with its' flaws."
,Recommended,413710,20104696,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pugwis,"Excellent game, there are many bugs, but i'm a big fan of M&B and sailing games, so this updated version of Carribean! for free, can only be a good thing.If you don't own this, it is worth trying as long as you now the game mechanic of M&B."
76561198087351501,Recommended,413710,24488574,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,fourtwentywalsh,"i love this game, the adapation is from mount and blade... but reminds me of a game called sea dawgs from the early 200's if not earlier"
76561198154538073,Recommended,413710,20707348,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,illium2277,"Ba-da-ba-ba-da,   I'm lovin it!It's difficult getting started in this game, but once you get lots of money & a small army built up then it becomes very entertaining.Not very many bugs for early access.8/10 would conquer the new world again."
76561198020962200,Not Recommended,413710,29228349,Posted: 13 January,all,Flopsidoodle,"Mount and Blade fans will find this game oddly familiar and that's down to Blood and Gold using the same engine.  Like the many other piratey games out there, you play as a wanderer who must make their way in the Caribbean by building up an army and a naval fleet while plundering towns and ships at sea.  Eventually, you'll attract the attention of the colonial powers and may be recruited into their faction where you'll have the chance to rise through the ranks.Naval combat aside, this just feels like yet another Mount and Blade mod, of which there are many.  Frankly there are others that are far better than this yet don't cost a penny.  I found this one a bit boring, there isn't that much variety to the game.  If this was a free mod I would have given it a thumbs up, but I don't think this is worth the money."
76561197970800490,Not Recommended,413710,31707115,Posted: 12 May,all,demise4u,"This game had a lot of promise, but the huge amount of bugs, the terrible economy, and the completely un-optimized combat make it essentially unplayable.I was hoping that patches would improve the state of the game, but it's apparently been abandoned.Unfortunate."
76561198060287872,Recommended,413710,23346264,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ransomoshields,"I really don't know why so many people have been so critical of this game. Do you enjoy Mount and Blade Warband? Have you wanted to sail the Caribbean and amass wealth and make friends and enemies along the way. Have you ever played as a merchant, then decided to raid instead of trade. If you answered yes to these questions, then play this. Is $20 so much of a a cost in a world of $60 games with $29.00 season passes?? I enjoy this game as a fun pirate simulator, trade simulation and a good time to relax after work. Is it 100% finished and polished, no, is it better than most of the greenlight, early access that never get updated titles steam is full of, yes. If you enjoy being able to build your own strategy for dominating the Caribbean, buy the game and enjoy. The story isn't forced, the combat is definitely engaging, the game is hard if you just think you'll Sid Meir Pirates your way to the top, it takes planning and takes time to beat down the other nations."
76561198104361263,Recommended,413710,29034005,Posted: 5 January,all,Taddy Mason,"If you like the Mount and Blade games and you like pirates, then I wholeheartedly recommend this game for you. It is exactly that: Mount and Blade with pirates and ships. The naval combat and ship upgrading system and addition of sea trade routes are all incredibly welcome and add some much needed variety and new game mechanics to the Mount and Blade formula. It's more than just being able to be a pirate and raid caravans and ships and rule the high seas that makes this game stand out. It's that it seems to have everything the Mount and Blade games have that i love, plus more. The same character building, faction reputation building, trading, economy-all that stuff is in here, plus more. It adds more depth and customization, but it also adds more that you have to manage/pay attention to or watch out for. Ships need money for repairs, their crew, upgrades, and ammo-all of which adds to your weekly budget and while it was a little overwhelming at first having all that to maintain in addition to all the land based expenses that i knew from Mount and Blade. After a few hours, though, I got used to it, and I love it now. It's all the same endless replayability of Mount and Blade with pirates and naval combat-just try it out!"
,Recommended,413710,32432900,Posted: 15 June,all,VirtualViking,Awesome game 10/10 would steal booty again. It's mount & blade but with pirates! it lives up to it. The ONE thing im still not great on is the ship battles ... it needs to be more like mount and blade vikings where your inside the ship instead of birds eye view. It even one upped mount and blade by fun missions like getting the gang together and blowing up the mines or getting captured? get cutt throats to join your escape ..... just run away while they fight the guards LOL.
76561198023636046,Recommended,413710,23337469,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Flid,"This is the pirate version of the medieval game, so much fun! Same engine, same mechanics, hours of enjoyment for me! New favorite purchase."
76561198003148672,Recommended,413710,19654138,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Trig_the_Poor_Shot,"6/10Not entirely happy but it's moving in the right direction.It's better than their first attempt, but even the reworked game is still quite buggy, feels incomplete and has poor performance (not really, see Edit).While they did a good job on the models of armours, ships, town buildings, all towns and locations are exactly the same. You keep visiting the same tavern and keep fighting in the same battlegrounds over and over again, which is very immersion breaking to me. Hope this is expanded upon.Ship combat still seems too gamey, though it's a bit less clunky than before. Ship boarding action is much better, since not all troops spawn at once, so you get more running around the ship, climbing ropes, etc, which is a lot of fun.The GUI is same ol' M&B, but when new bits were introduced they don't always work smoothly or are bugged. Renamed ships revert back to their original names everytime you go ashore, scrolling through your troops resets to bottom each time you click, etc.Your companions tend to just disappear sometimes, without you being told whether they were killed in combat, deserted, were captured or went down with a ship. Quests are just declared failed after you clicked on a couple conversation options without really knowing why. This feels unfinished and unintuitive.Performance is quite terrible for me. I can run M&B Warband: Viking Conquest on max graphics and have battles with several hundred troops, but can only run Caribbean on the most basic graphic settings and still only get framerate of about 30 (not anymore, see Edit).I haven't yet given up on this game, because I am desperate for a good pirate game, so I'll keep hoping it improves, but still have to compare this game to the ancient game Pirates of the Caribbean with the New Horizons mod, which captured the same spirit, but just did it a lot more credibly(http://www.moddb.com/mods/new-horizons), particularly the sea combat.If I gave the original Caribbean! 2/10, because it seemed just too broken, I give Blood&Gold: Caribbean! 5/10 (upped to 6/10 after Edit) and just barely recommend it as it just doesn't deliver the full potential of pirating fun it could.Edit:After manually adding the game in the NVidia panel, the performance is ok. 80fps at max graphics. Strange though that this game doesn't recognise the graphics card, while M&B Warband does automatically.I guess I can bump the score to 6/10 and will likely increase more once they fix the bugs, the gamey feeling of sea combat and other loose ends."
76561198088367952,Not Recommended,413710,29924138,Posted: 14 February,all,Alberaneshia,"Commandment is completely broken in this, preferred the game when it was in earlier stages."
,Recommended,413710,19700607,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Iddig,Mount and Blade has never been better
76561198125557396,Recommended,413710,19686508,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dill-Dickels,"I want to play it, I've got about 40 minutes in, I like it so far,(compared to the previous version) but it just stops working so much it's kinda unplayable at the moment. BUT I WON'T GIVE UP, for all the glory that is M&B, I won't give up..."
76561198038091775,Recommended,413710,19811154,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Amor Sin,Slavery escape simulator 2015
76561198117964803,Not Recommended,413710,21104894,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ironside,"I actually really like the game but it feels like an Alpha. Ive been playing M&B variations for years and this is the first on that i am forever alt+tabbing to google. Seriously! Is wood & timber the same thing ? If it is not why the hell would you put timber & wood in the same game! If it is then why is my quest not being accepted. Considering this is their second release I really expected more.*Turns out they have... They included timber & wood in the same game, smh...Somehow they've managed to make the combat even clunkier than Warband, not sure if i should be impressed or not...If you like to control you troops, turn away from this game. You cant hold down the F1 key to tell your troops where to go, you cant tell them to stand closer, which is much needed for pikeman. Formations simply do not exist. The only improvement is being able to control you men on the battle view map but its highly inaccurate. You try getting you men up on a hill with that screen! Seriously could of been a great game... Why take away the basic features from Warband by all means add but dont take away important features!On the plus side the missions are actualy enjoyable unlike Warband and ever other variation there has been, so well done on that front just sort the combat out!!!!The biggest problem the dev has, is implenting new features before old ones are fixed. The combat should be your first priority in any M&B game period. It appears to be laziness but the truth is the dev's aren't lazy, they are simply over committing. As soon as the dev's sort the combat out, all of the other issues become very minor and I would be more than happy to change my review.TLDR:ProsMissions are fun (astonishing for a M&B game!)Boarding ships is awesomeNot like any mod of M&B ive played beforeAny ship boarded you can keepIm not much of the trading type but that looks a lot more interesting than normal M&B'sConsTaken out very important featuresStill feels like an AlphaCommanding your troops is futileAfter alot of naval combat, I still don't know when your ship will fire. I end spamming the space key until the ship shootsLimited troop variationHave to hunt the governors/lords downYou don't keep weapons/horses picked up in combatEnterprises dont auto pay, you have to pick the goods up a sell them yourself (this could be a pro for some, but a pain for me)Bayonetted weapons swing rather than stab (COME ON NW has alreadly done this for you!!)MP nothing needed to be said on this just WOWIf you jump & attack at the same time your man just holds his sword in the airTrying to get to another page in the trade menu is another nightmare, think my mouse will run out of clicks!I hope they solve the issues above because it does have potential, being the second release im not so sure. Atleast it was cheap!"
76561198095837791,Recommended,413710,21199294,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TheRealEZ,Just wanted to give my thumbs up to you guys. I loved Mount and Blade too.
76561198055966238,Recommended,413710,21321079,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,-Thomson-,Noice ! works great have bin playin couple hours now without crashes (with the older version i had crashes).The game is fun to the ship battles are not the greatest i miss some good canon sounds and fx sounds. also aiming is a bit weird but after a couple tries youll get the hang of it. i mos def recommend this game if you like mount and blade games.
76561198030775888,Not Recommended,413710,29518262,Posted: 27 January,all,barrettoconnell,The game is just a much worse version of other Mount and Blades.  And the repeated bugs and crashed don't help.
,Recommended,413710,20116834,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,xvigilantex,"After the recent update, it finally runs at a decent framerate.  This game is often confusing, but I'm finally starting to enjoy it and not regret my decision to buy.  I'm glad the developers were willing to keep working on optimization."
,Recommended,413710,31987243,Posted: 26 May,all,Augustus Victor,I loved playing this game mainly because I love having an army of musketeers mowing down the enemy army. Just needs to tweak it a tiny bit then it shall all be fine :)
76561198003824335,Recommended,413710,20137351,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cosmik Debris,If you enjoy Mount & Blade you will enjoy this game.Even more so if you like the pirate/age of sail theme.
76561198057305354,Recommended,413710,21324257,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,plazowy,fun
,Recommended,413710,21361082,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rapitus,Cool game check it out...
,Recommended,413710,20269921,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Iron Lord Honsou,If you like 'Mount & Blade' and also pirates.... look no further.
76561198118990821,Recommended,413710,21267345,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,yonderer,"While originally this game needed a lot of work, the developers have done just that and created an amazing game. There arent many pirate games on the market and with the exception of black flag, this is definitely my favorite."
76561198153684077,Recommended,413710,23572365,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Zarion116,It's. a neat game with a grand adventure as a pirate or another scourge of the sea
76561198199136341,Not Recommended,413710,25549993,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Konin15,when i perchased this game i got it because i saw it on youtube but when i played it it was great for 30 minuts but after that i realized that it was a basicly a mod that is worth free but costs money real moneyi recomend you buy mount and blade warband and get some mods it will be more fun and load the battles almost instatly when blood and gold takes 1 minut to load anythingsorry for any spelling errors
76561198060837535,Recommended,413710,23329074,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MrWoodyWooderson,"A well done Pirate game! Although there are some bugs here and there, it\'s still an amazing game! Definitely would recommend!"
76561198045206835,Recommended,413710,23310448,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bruniik Kaal,is very niiiice
76561198135665682,Recommended,413710,19736598,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,fkane811,Not bad it just a little cofusing at the start.
76561198111774251,Not Recommended,413710,30021056,Posted: 18 February,all,jonkahn68,"I've tried several times to make it fun and it's just not. There's no direction, the penalty for death is massive and ruins a character, and I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing. It's a shame because it seems like it could be kinda funnish but it's just so clunky and bare that it's not even playable for a casual gamer. Basically it's a terrible waste of time not worth anywhere near the price. It sucks. It's the kind of suck that makes you spend time trying to make it good in your head. You convince yourself that any character now is gonna just get an awesome start and you'll understand what the hell is going on, but that never happens."
,Recommended,413710,25687243,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Vuk,It may be buggy but it's detailed and well thought out.  I really like the features they added.  I def support this production.
76561198058927659,Recommended,413710,32224836,Posted: 6 June,all,Superboy1006,"The only thing I dislike is the occasional (emphasis on occasional) moments when the AI gets stuck in places I can't get to. But that's fixed with a simple CTRL +F4, countering the only con I found.Overall i give a 9/10"
76561198015648282,Recommended,413710,20692814,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Molag bal,"Great game guys,  i love the mount and blade warband kinda thing going here. Also these are ideas for stuff to add to the game.                                                                                                                                                                                                         A couple of things ive noticed though, like there is no villages, or cities for the natives, i think it would be nice to engage there cities and raid them, but also some other suggestions. Also maybe a bounty board for notorius pirates with the pirates having high level ships and good men to make it a challenge. Also speaking of which, maybe adding a way to build your own base with resources and money, and a way to get settlers to them and establish your own faction without taking over a city. And maybe within that city you can have a Inventor, who can invent new weapons for you and different types of stuff. Like for example, an axe that is a part musket, similar to your creation the mace pistol, maybe he cant invent explosive tipped arrows but they will be highly costly and come in low quantities. And those are jsut my ideas, hopefully this will get liked enough for you all to see it. Thank you for your time and this amazing game, you all are doing a very great job."
76561198007325031,Recommended,413710,20288066,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Eckril,I've played the game on and off since it has been released again i really have enjoyed it so far feels like their really putting in the work this time to fix it for the better stilll  a couple small problems like calculating the amount of soldiers in boarding action but since i last played i saw they updated that so ill seee how well it has been fixed. Was sick of a small cutter having something rediculous like 75 boarders attacking me at once lol made it impossible. It didnt happen often but when it did annoyed me to no end.
76561197978258780,Recommended,413710,26315122,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Fucking Muppet Mother Fucker,I love this game it have everything you could want from a Pirate game and more
76561198074676528,Recommended,413710,31591963,Posted: 6 May,all,Uncle Gabby,"It breaks my heart that this charming game holds such poor reviews.  Yes it's rough around the edges and has some half-baked features, but jeeez it's still fun as hell."
76561198005227960,Recommended,413710,23677191,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,btparker,Having fun with it so far... and looking forward to many more hours of desimating trade routes and patrols alike =)
,Recommended,413710,29370252,Posted: 19 January,all,bob the tomato,"pretty fun I guess, 20 dollars is a bit iffy tho"
,Recommended,413710,20418845,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,bosch,ok so first things first befor i get into technical stuff this game has just recently came out from its preddsessor so we must acknoleage that just wanted to point that outso graphics i would give it a stabal 7/10 look its based off the mount and blade engine to you can't  expect anything to radical.Solo player is ok but very centerd. as in you will chucked into a world near cuba the bahummas and lower florida and thats it. so basically just click around until you find somthing to do. so a 6/10 fits thisMultiplayer 8/10 this has only just been added into the game and is in a very early state but some commutinies like MOV (men Of Valour) are trying to get some severs up and running which will be avalibal in the near future. so talking event wise yes this game is so fun running with your squad as pirates sneaking up on the enemy in the large folliage then carefully lining up that shot and waiting for the signal to fire.Gameplay-9/10 very nice gunshot sounds. nice graphics altogether worth the money on a steam summer sale but anything over 15$ is just to much for its current state but hay this will only get better so yes do buy it esspessily is you are found of the warband series
,Recommended,413710,20623350,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,josef733,This is a major improvement over the disaster that was Caribbean.
76561198014055829,Recommended,413710,22021949,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,TheDoctor261987,"I'm a pirate, with a ship, an army and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of weapons. I'm a Trader, owner of land, banging the governors daughter whilst sleeping with the local ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. LETS GO!!!!!!This game rocks just keep giving me the perfect games. I woke up one day with an idea for a game like this and warband, dreamt it up, told my wife, my friends even wrote it down on paper, log on to steam once i built my first PC and what exsists, my dream games.Now i should maybe try and review the game rather then act like some star struck girl who just exploded in her panties because Brad Pitt walked into a room. BUT THIS IS THAT GAME FOR ME. Ok, ok computer stuff i know. Fps don't budge, solid 60 no matter how much is going on, running on windows 10, gtx 970, i5 4690k, 8gb RAM, 500 GB SSD, 1 TB HDD.I love the look of the game its smooth and the combats really cool. I feel so powerful when I'm winning, But I've experienced it when its gone badly wrong too. Being captured never fun, been stranded on an island with nothing. It's never a good thing.I honestly have nothing negative about the game, I love it as a pirate fanatic myself, this hits all the right spots. It's like Port Royal mixed with total war and RPG style games. Be Good, bad or a bit a both. You are in charge of your own destiny in this game. Build up your reputation, help governers, trade, build, fight, plunder, sea voyages. Sea combat is great, board the ship of your target and kill every last stinking one of them. Do what you want.I strongly recommend this game to everyone."
76561198043773339,Recommended,413710,22179643,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,24601,"I actually liked Caribbean, and the general thrust of the gameplay which was focused on trade and world domination, with a side of mount and blade style simulated combat.  Although it runs rather slow on potato systems, the graphics are a great improvement over Mount and Blade.If Caribbean was getting some mount and blade in Port Royale, this iteration is getting more mount and blade in Port Royale.  Tons of missions, more sandbox features like blackjack and barroom brawls.  There are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s if you're into micro♥♥♥♥♥♥♥style roleplay.  And there are guns and swords.  Really big ones.The mission varieties here are much greater than the original game, with more mount and blade styled quests.  But to call them Mount and Bladeish quests is doing this game somewhat of a disservice.  It's still weird as you're completely unable to swim (Mount and Blade's engine is to blame for that, I'm afraid.), but they've pulled off some interesting missions here.In short, if you didn't like Caribbean, you may not change your mind for this game.  Watch let's plays, look at other reviews and the feature list to decide if this game is for you before buying.  And ignore the minimum specs listed, the game may not run so well on them.  I can run it just barely at a steady 13 fps on my potato, but I don't know, your mileage may vary.  I wouldn't recommend this game as an impulse buy, as many pirate-styled games can be.  But it has been fun for me."
76561198007850719,Recommended,413710,21934011,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,jim866,"Your basic 'Yaargh! splice the main brace' type of thing, trade, pillage, plunder etc etc (aka the same basics as port royal or tortuga). A few interesting ideas such as when your defeated you get carted off to be a slave until you can get away and you can actually start your own faction. Its let down by a lack of attention to details such as a small number of ship models, ai that really doesn’t deserve the i bit and a very limited story line.Considering they are using M&B as a starting point they could have produced a real diamond, instead it seems to be more of a lump of coalok but not great"
,Recommended,413710,33397824,Posted: 9 July,all,Deus Vult,"I feel I need to write a review to help offset the ""mixed"" rating this game has gotten. It's very good, and chances are if you think you'll enjoy it, you will."
,Recommended,413710,23246916,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Papasmurf,"They turned this game around from what it was when it first launched, with its 2d map. This is a solid game, and alot of fun"
76561198031235256,Not Recommended,413710,21183739,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,scott1,"I really want to like this...I really want to like this game however, it just feels like an alpha/Beta release. I have problems when bombarding cities where a wall was knocked down but I can't pass through to advance on an enemy. I have a problem where I can pass through walls but can't come back the way I came. the list goes on but those are the big picks I have with this game. I would say hold off till they (hopefully) patch the game."
,Not Recommended,413710,21190749,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,IrishGuardian,ABSOLUTELY UNPLAYABLE AT THE MOMENT! too many bugs with movement regarding ship battles and delay in the melee battles when you board! character movment and visuals are basic and dont fit together such as beard to face! great concept really needs a lot of work
,Not Recommended,413710,20970228,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,jwhite418,"I really wish this game was good, but it just feels unwieldy and is so full of bugs that it is ultimately unplayable."
,Recommended,413710,23243820,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Wreckord`,"Oh man. Just when I thought they had left the game to die they release this and give it to us for free. It is so much better than the original...and then...they give us FREE DLC to go along with it.  If you are a fan of pillaging skalliwags or making sure that Spain has an incredibly hard time securing cities and trade routes in the same carribean they vastly out number everyone else in, then this game is for you.9/10Will be 10/10 if they continue to work on this project after this latest update and keep giving us new stuff to do."
,Not Recommended,413710,20516252,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ARSneaky,"If you played warband you will be slightly dissapointed. Because it happen to loose fights in warband and of course there is consequences, But in this game you loose a fight you loose everything. Stripped of every possession you have. Kind of realistic but kind of break the gameplay if you made 1 slight bad judgement. I bought this on the Hype that it remind me of a game i use to play that involve trade and boats fights 15 years ago. Called pirate of the carribean. That combined with warband made me bought it without even watching video on youtube. It's not a bad game. Yet it is not exelent either. The character customisation is♥♥♥♥♥♥ You want to have a pirate looking guy. There is just haircut you can go with. Maybe this game will have mods eventually... I certainly would love to. Also the recruiting system. I'm not quite sure how it works yet it ain't you go to a village and you recruit like warband.. Can't seems to find people to hire in tavern either. for now I do not recommend the game but I will keep playing to see if it was me or the game"
,Recommended,413710,21171991,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Rapiant,For what I paid it's worth it. I like the trading and business stuff. My only complaint is that banks should give interest in this game.
,Recommended,413710,21218472,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,North Korea,Yar' would reccomend
76561198010014982,Recommended,413710,28925597,Posted: 1 January,all,.,Very good game looks and plays excactly like m&b but with better graphics and a better setting in time :)Dont let negative reviews make u not buy this
76561198095235974,Not Recommended,413710,19624569,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,I'm white,"Addicting, get it 10/10Edit*Recently, I was on my alt account ""I'm Yellow"" for a quite long time. I was wrongly banned by a developer of Caribbean! in the forum for literally critising the game as well as defending myself against someone who was insulting my mother. Now, I don't give a single ♥♥♥♥ because I made a great comeback imo which I can keep going if he wants to pick a fight. So, as of now what can I say?Dear Developers of Blood & Gold: Caribbean!,I have been a supporter of your game since 2015. When this game was still in early access that time it was called ""Caribbean!"" instead, I liked your game, I liked your development team and I even defended you guys from attackers. I even made a review to recommend this game to others with 36 people out of 42 finding it review useful. Don't believe me? Here's some evidence and I even made another review when you guys released the updated version of Caribbean! with 13 people out of 20 finding it useful, not as much as first one. However, despite all that. The most important thing I want to say to the developer is that. You guys had many many supporters, and people made youtube videos about it even a big youtube named Kootra. Yet, you guys didn't just not make the game better, you guys didn't even finish it Like, it obviously isn't finished. I go on Moddb all the time and have seen much better mods than this game, and the development teams are quite professional as well. They keep their promises, they reply to fans and they try their hardest and never gave up and got the results they wanted.  Unfortunatly, I was once a huge supporter and huge fan of you guys. Now, not so much. You guys didn't just ban me from criticing your game which I have the rights to. You guys banned me for defending myself in the forum which was necessary because who won't defend their own family. I have nothing more to say, except ""Enjoy the money you took from us cosumers"" All those dev updates are just a piece of cake for those moddb devs to get steam users' attention, and to make as much money as possible.They did indeed suceed in scamming people, but they will never been successful in making a game that will perhaps reach to over 70% positve.Evidences:http://imgur.com/mmN6eJBhttp://imgur.com/a/b6GcNhttp://imgur.com/a/QkqI5PS: Ban me if you want, I've been a loyal supporter. If you can't take a critism and simply will ban me for critising. You guys are not called devs, but greedy scammers."
76561198123139440,Not Recommended,413710,29547068,Posted: 28 January,all,Bullet Spamming Patriot,Can't say I was too impressed. I couldn't tell you what about it feels... incomplete. but I didn't enjoy it.
,Not Recommended,413710,25561087,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Exciting Jeff,"Realistically, how bad can an ostensibly un-screw-uppable mashup of Mount and Blade and Sid Meier's Pirates! possibly be?Quite bad, it turns out.Listen, I won't front: I played this game for twelve minutes. In those twelve minutes, I encountered so many sloppy design elements, from the holdover of the polearms skill to the tutorial windows that won't go away, to the horribly rendered shore towns and jerky campaign map sailing animations.I was especially enchanted by the way they really captured that Age of Sail feeling by making the ships lightning-fast and nimble, and how the game tracks ammunition but doesn't have a way of reflecting whether or not your shots hit.Like my cannonades, this one's a bad miss."
76561197962079393,Not Recommended,413710,31535051,Posted: 3 May,all,40oz to Freedom,"It's not that it's a bad game, it's just that there's a million other pirate games that do it better. The Mount and Blade style of combat is never fully realized and it might as well never have been a feature. Unfortunately because of the fact that they tried to build a pirate game out of Mount and Blade the graphics are terrible and the engine is severely limited. There's nothing here that says ""Oh boy this is better than Sid Meier's Pirates, I'm glad I'm playing this instead!""I'm sure it's not easy to mod the M&B engine to the extent they have, and they certainly look like they put a lot of work into this, it's unfortunate they didn't aim a little higher and develop a pirate game on a better engine with the same overall spirit,  a major graphical and gameplay overhaul to the myriad of Pirate games released in the last 10 years would have filled the niche nicely."
,Recommended,413710,19721876,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,dretahølk,"As good as warband with all its features, but with ships and guns. I don't really see why it has that many negative reviews."
,Recommended,413710,20266853,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ace of Aces,"Tried to get to Grand Turk, but got raided. I was captured and sent to do slave labor. Planned an escape by myself and succeeded. Went to go to a town and realized i had 18 currency. So I went back to the plantation and stayed there because there was nothing else to do.Mad Cause Bad Simulator 2016"
76561198040758095,Recommended,413710,20863700,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,tjjared,spent an hour listening to the main menu music. 10 out of 10
76561198013914593,Recommended,413710,19666486,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Darknoble,"(Check Edit Review at bottom on my review reversal)..... Thank you developers....{Im truly a fan of the Mount & Blade.. but ive never seen such a patch job like this in the series. The game tries to have a theme like sid meier pirates with a copy and paste of the Mount and Blade engine. The bugs..even in this ""new"" version are  many...pathfinding of both troops movement on battlefield and movement on the world map is horrible. You click and point to move ahead and the pathfinding will have you enter a city not targeted...There is no transaction with any towns people but those in buildings and even half of them are just back drops...Im not sure what this game is trying to be... a cross between warband and Fire and Sword...(remember that follow up)...Those who purchased the first installment before this revision was burned by a game riddle with bugs...now with this new installment and those old reviews wiped clean...the developers are starting fresh with all new bugs in this latest version...Yes fans who purchased the original say this is far bettter..but geeze...if this is better the other must have been unplayable....}EDIT: Okay people....I must revised this Review and give it a thumbsup....Why?Because these devlopers have been hard at work fixing this game (although this is there second time around and far out of beta). A new patch has been launched every 2-3 weeks and they have been making a huge impact on the game play... Pathfinding working closer to perfection and the they are working on the balance and eco. of the game....Keep up the good work..My first review reversal im proud to change because of the fixes.....Thanks developers...Update Edit: I usually dont take time to revisit reviews Ive made in past unless a game is released beta..but this game has become truly a gem! The improvements and dedication to this game by its developers should be a bench mark to all developers of bring a game from just ok to excellent! Since my last edit in 2015 of decemeber which was a thumps up when I saw improvements,,,have become outstanding. I highly recommend this game to anyone who like Mount and Blade series or even a good pirate game like Sid Mirs....Great Job!"
76561198006646693,Recommended,413710,21350468,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,AZZA,"Great game, i have been looking for a good pirate game for a while, very few to choose from, i am glad i found this one.For £14.99 this is a great game, control your fleet, trade, fight land battles, board ships, start sieges and capture cities. I am hoping the developers spend more time on this and add a little more content to the game, in terms of missions and interactivity with ingame NPCs.**I will be buying any addons and expansions to this game, as i feel it has proven to be entertaining so far and good value for money**"
76561198089243031,Recommended,413710,20901215,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,The Hidden,This Game is good still needs work i got it for free since i had Caribbean but i think it's worth the £14.99
,Recommended,413710,20280572,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,☩ Zach ☩,ITS MOUNT AND BLADE BUT ♥♥♥♥ING PIRATES!.. worth the money.. great game!
,Recommended,413710,20487418,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Duke of Ducat,"one thing this game needs to fix, first when i command my troops like the original warband way, f1 f2, this is the command for them to follow me and they dont they stay a distance away from me. for exanmple i want them to be at the position im at exactly they dont they go to the far right or left or they stay far behind me, I HATE THE MAP THAT YOU USE BEFORE A BATTLE ITS SO STUPID, what was wrong with the original warband controls NOTHING!!!!!! I want this fixed, SO DO ALOT OF PEOPLE YOU MAY NOT SEE IT DOWN HERE BUT I GUARANTEE THEY DO THIS GAME WOULD BE MORE FUN THE ORIGIANL WARBAND CONROLS THEY FOLLOW BEHIND YOU NOT TO THE FAR RIGHT LEFT OR WAY BEHIND YOU BUT RIGHT BEHIND YOU LIKE WARBAND!!!!!!!!    I  dont understand in mulitplayer when i press f1 the original warband control pannel pops up WHAT THE HELL thats supoosed to pop up in singleplayer BUT NO, TAKE OFF THAT THING TO THE SIDE OF THE SCREEN THAT SAYS f1 hold position and like that becasue you are limited to those small controls and i cant put my troops in rows or anything BECASUE IM FRICKEN LIMITED!!!!!!!!    DEVS FIX THIS BECUASE BEING ABLE TO CONTROL YOUR TROOPS IN WARBAND IS THE WHOLE POINT OF THE DAMMMMM GAMEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THIS GAME FIX THAT AND I WILL PLAY IT MORE CASUE 8 OF MY FRIENDS WONT BUY IT UNITL THAT IS FIXED!!!!!!"
,Recommended,413710,21339040,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Space Walrus,"Before I tell my little story I have to say right away that this game is really quite enjoyable despite its inperfections (including an unintentionally hillarious climbing animation), and if you can tolerate the unintuitiveness of mount and blade you'll do fine with this.So my story starts off with the daughter of a pirate whom I lovingly named ""No-Beard"". Newly captained and ready for anything she sets off, and is instantly attacked by pirates. Now, of course this is no issue for No-Beard, and she quickly managed to board the ship and get instantly knocked out by a musketeer. Luckily her crew was slightly less bullet-prone and captured the ship without her help.This happened a few more times and she gained quite a bit of money, so she decided to put it into the bank... because that sounded like a good idea, and she spent the money that wasn't in the bank on repairs for the ships. Upon leaving the city for the open ocean, No-Beard spotted a group of smugglers, and that's pretty easy money. This time, however, something seemed off. The cannons weren't loading for some reason; I can't imagine why... Oh wait! I have no crew! How did that happen? Maybe all that grape shot.Obviously, it's difficult to kill the entire crew by yourself without a counter button, so No-Beard is captured by the smugglers and sold into slavery on a plantation, which sorta sucks. Naturally she attempts to escape by herself, and is run over by a horse. After she convinces evey other slave to join her escape, two at a time, she sucesfully manages to escape with only twenty of the slaves being killed by the guards.Pennieless and without a ship, she carefully heads back to a city to look for a job to make enough money to buy another ship, but the only job available is helping the french army cause panic for an excuse to wipe out the indigenous peoples. Meh, I have no morals. What I wasn't told is that the village me and an army will need to terrorize is on a different island, which sort of ruins my plan to use the money from the quest to buy a ship. But I have a bank account, don't I? Thank goodness I trusted most of my money with this random person I just met! Unfortunately I'm still about a hundred dollars short, so I end up literally selling the clothes off my back in order to afford the cheapest ship there is.After setting off and avoiding contact with every other ship like a navy run by reddit, No-Beard makes it to the camp near the village to prepare for a not-even-slightly morally grey murder romp. Fully prepped and dressed in a grass dress, I realize that they probably wanted me to bring the army myself to take out the town, considering I'm the only one there. Well I suppose I can just run awa... oh, I was shot.♥♥♥♥♥♥Apparantly, getting nearly killed made my realtionship with the♥♥♥♥♥♥who gave me the job go way down. Naturally I'm on another ship on the way to another plantation, and either luckily, or un, Windows decided that this would be a great time to tell me to activate my key, and crash the unsaved game.I'd like to think I grew as a person from this experience, and being a slave gave me a new perspective on pixelated life. Hopefully the next pirate persona I decide to adopt has a better chance in life, and manages to not get enslaved twice."
76561198004047191,Recommended,413710,21339561,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Galcian,"If you like xvII century caribbean games, you will like this one. Great fun :)"
76561198246259590,Recommended,413710,19739940,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DuplexImp,Was a lot better than the first one its a little ruff around the edges and a little confusing but very fun.
76561197987784855,Recommended,413710,31569052,Posted: 5 May,all,Plutonik,so as of a little while ago i got about 20 hours into this. nd being for what it is I love this game. there are of course some things that can be improved but overall i would give this a good rating and reccomend it to anyone looking for a decent pirate game.
76561198150920203,Recommended,413710,25515840,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Nivara_Moon_God,Though I havent played this game for very long since I don't have much time to play games since I'm quite busy I'd say this is a good game its based off the mount and blade warband engine I dont know what some people are talking about having the game crash or lag all the time thats never happened to me I have a laptop and it's not even that good and I can run it at sixty frames but anyway1.This game I believe has a small team of devs dont judge it harshly if it takes time to fix bugs and issues with the game.2.Prostitues ♥♥♥♥ yeah teenage boy wet dream *fap fap fap fap*!!!!!!!!3.Some people say that it's hard to figure stuff out in the game for the devs i would say make a tutorial level or help screen in the menus that tells you how to do stuff that needs to be worked on.4.Your doing what some mods of mount and blade do you screw up the bayonet system don't just use the bayonet system from napoleonic wars it's much better.5.This game is technically open world hence the name while in the Caribbean it is quite fun to rob and murder people but in towns for some reason you can only kill people with guns not with swords and the guards don't even chase come on your a goddamn pirate devs do something about that.6.Why dont the crew sing sea shanties really.7.Ser Jack Wigglebottom The III has nearly taken over all of the Caribbean no one will ever stop him because guess what he has thats right ♥♥♥♥♥ a goddamn greatsword you shall never beat me and my 1hit KO.8.You can upgrade your ships with things that give it different effects you can put exp point into these skills that give you boost to stats and other such things.All in all this game has potential so I think if people are interested in seeing where this game will go they should by it to support the devs I do however think that Mount & Blade Warband is better somewhat because mods and I just liked the setup better but this is a good game. also Mount & Blade 2 Bannerlord hype by that♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes out
,Not Recommended,413710,23251901,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Razonix,"I love M&B Warband and I love games with a pirate background. That said, it wasn't hard for me to think that this would be one of the most epic combinations that were ever made. Well, that was until I finally tested it and got extremely disappointed with the clunky combat, excessive lag, lack of a decent tutorial (those pop-ups are very annoying) and some other random shenanigans. Overall, I have to give credit for the presented ideas and although it breaks my heart to say so, I really don't recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,413710,23255113,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Adolf Hipster,"Meh, not for me. I got bored of it after a little while. The ships are cool, boarding is great. Land combat is a bit meh. It felt too much like warband for me to keep it, when I have warband. If you don't have warband, this is good. if you do... it's just warband with boats."
,Not Recommended,413710,23590573,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Wistful Emolga™ -TPF-,"It's not a bad idea, but... gosh, it's so unpolished.The biggest thing that sticks out to me is the wonky troop control UI. Maybe it's for scripting or pathing reasons, but, why get rid of the old, normal Mount and Blade system? There were -mods- that incorporated it into naval and otherwise non-standard situations before.Actually, the UI in general is a bit weird. I had to go to the forums just to figure out how to recruit troops.It's a good effort, but the finished product is on par with a 0.5 version of a mod that I can find on TaleWorlds for free."
76561198230124320,Recommended,413710,24366042,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,sn1per5000,WELL ITS COOL FUN  but fix the damn bugs i meen in a battle the ships freaked out and realy freken sucked i couldnt even fight
,Recommended,413710,24385878,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Benji518,You can see boobs10/10
,Recommended,413710,24596831,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,pig,"An extremely good game. The Mount & Blade engine has been significantly improved making it feel as if I were playing a Mount & Blade: Warband 2. The only downside is the poor optimisation. I have an Intel Core 2 Duo 2.33 GHz processor, an out of date Radeon HD 5400 and 4GB of RAM, so I am forced to play with 800 x 600 resolution, reaching a maximum of 30 fps.Other than the poor optimisation it is a very good game and significantly more entertaining that Mount & Blade: Warband. Highly recommend this game."
76561198006989046,Recommended,413710,24404354,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mugi Magic,Nothing fleshes out a game quite like a hoe DLC. 10/10 Interesting choice in content
76561198008304693,Recommended,413710,30073126,Posted: 20 February,all,Dumbass,"If you liked mount and blade : warband, you will like this game.  The only problem is the waiting while your ship closes so you can fight, very boring and eventual game killer.If you havent played mount and blade : warband, go buy it now."
76561198028305550,Recommended,413710,25525919,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,coll912,"In it's current state, this game is terrific and will satisfy your desire for immersion if you're looking for a game simmilar to Age of Pirates. As a Warband mod? Amazing!"
76561198276018763,Recommended,413710,31426635,Posted: 28 April,all,tree3211,"Interesting concept, a decent amount of effort was put in but it is mediorce."
,Recommended,413710,23256020,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nox,"Had the most bizarre game - screwed around a bit, then got a summons from a mayor, showed up and then was in a fight with mayor ward, the result of which is I ended up controlling the entire pirate faction and married to a low-poly pirate girl.10/10 would unexpectedly win the game again."
,Recommended,413710,31536604,Posted: 3 May,all,Radd,"It's not great, especially when compared to its 20 USD price tag. There's better pirate games out there.That said, Blood & Gold brings some interesting mechanics to the genre. From the bar fights, exploring the ruins/pyramids, to the *pretty* fun quests. I'm a fan of warband, with just over 1200 hours. That's what turned me to this game in the first place. My hours show less than 9, but I've put well over a few weeks straight into this. Unsure why it didn't track my hours.If you enjoyed Warband, and you're looking for an okay pirate game while waiting for Bannerlord, grab this when it's on sale.If you're looking for a pirate game, I suggest looking somewhere else. AC: Black Flag fit the pirate genre well and it may be cheaper."
76561198024119239,Not Recommended,413710,23245662,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,dmn2e,"This game seems like it would be amazing.  I'm a huge fan of Mount and Blade, and this was going to be icing on the cake with pirate ships and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  Unfortunately, I haven't been able to play more than 15 minutes at a time without this game crashing and causing my computer to restart.  Sometimes the restart even hangs up and I need to do a full shut down, wait a minute, and then start it up again.  I really wanted this game to work, but it just.....doesn't.  I've already asked for a refund.  If a patch is released or a fix becomes available, I would definitely be willing to check this game out again, but for now it is just unplayable."
,Not Recommended,413710,31425656,Posted: 28 April,all,Grand Moff Tarbuck,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIt is laggyIt takes 10 minutes to loadit crashes after every decision you makeIt looks WORSE than M&BThe in-game menu for trading is TERRIBLENever made it far enough for ship battlesLand Battles are clunky at bestTrading is confusingIf you know whats good for you then shoot yourself in the foot now and save yourself some troubleCONCLUSION: Buy the CHEAPER original M&B and put all the love you thought you would use for this undeserving game into the far superior M&B series.
,Recommended,413710,27050265,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stalker,10/10 would enslave Haitians again.
,Recommended,413710,23141071,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Anthrax_PL,Its basically a mount and blade game in the carribean aera
76561198002053619,Not Recommended,413710,20556567,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Klavs,"After spending some time with this game I have to say I am dissapointed.Developers have missed an opportunity to give any deapth and fun to the sailing experience and this is a big dissapointment for the title that should be rather focused on naval aspect of game experience. If You want to have fun, play any other Mount and Blade game."
76561198130593784,Not Recommended,413710,26756780,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,jackmobob,just a really bad mod for mount and blade its a hollow shell content wise and it is extremely poorly optimized with a lot of crashes and the fps being awful. also pretty sure they released a new game to get past all the negative reviews on the old one.
76561198089417589,Not Recommended,413710,23257959,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Employee#427,"I really want to like tis game! I really want to be able to play it! I love mount and blade, and it seems like the devs did a great job with this game. However, right now the game is so horriby optimised that its borderline unplayable.  I have a PC that can run Shadow of Mordor on 60 FPS...  Why the heck am I only getting 15 FPS with this game?!Overall, looks great but Its very poorly optimised.  Please fix this Devs!"
,Not Recommended,413710,21113654,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Blackheartless,"First off looks like a great game,Problems;I have a 17.3 alienware laptop that run ark, dayz standalone ect on high settings and after i downloaded this it open the window to choice if you want cheats ect so i clicked play (duu) and all it would do is black screen. no CTRL D or shift Tab nothing ect CTRL ALT Delete and task manager and than the game didn't even show up as running and after uninstalling and installing, verifying files ect still nothing so sadly im very disappointed. If you get the game i wish you luck on it working and hope you enjoy it because it looks great, but just know currently as of 2/10/2016 the launcher is ether bugged and or broke."
,Recommended,413710,20515919,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,dickfour,I landed a boatful of colonists in Venezuela and slaughtered a native tribe. What is the current year again? It's 2016. Come on people. This just isn't acceptable any more.
,Recommended,413710,21015158,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,לולומין ダ الشعار 的 Солнца,The drunken sailor song at the start sounds like it was sung by a swedish developer with a really thick accent.
,Recommended,413710,22490267,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheSithElite,"If you like Guns, Boats and Mount and Blade it's an Okay game."
,Recommended,413710,23260442,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Falsworth,This update makes the game the way i wished it to be on the original one.
76561198035963748,Not Recommended,413710,23741806,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,EmanMJC(Master Shades),"In my opinion it's not worth it. Plenty of mods are adopting the traits of this game and arent as laggy. Plus bannerlord comes out this year, why waste money  on this? Sorry but it's a no."
76561198119074136,Recommended,413710,23247679,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ™,Some minor issues but completely worth the sale price.
76561198007693068,Not Recommended,413710,22320460,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Glidikil,"So yeah... even with a decent PC it still runs with TONS of lag... its either the game which needs polish or you need alienware PC's to run this game. The second option looks very unlikely because the graphics do not seem TOO crazy as the game itself has a very low poly look. The lag does only occur when actually fighting or walking with a character, not when on the sea or in a menu. I have read some other reviews and i noticed somebody saying that this game might be playable in September but i don't think that if a person who pays for this game expecting a lot of fun but ends up having to deal with impossible lag should have to pay 20 euro's or what ever it costs in other parts of the world.Developers PLEASE. I am not aware of how development goes at your studio and if these kind of problems are common there... But as a student in game development myself where i get pushed around if there is even 1 single problem... I do not expect actual studios to make stuff that i can not play.Please fix anything you can find, not just lag or what ever people complain about. Take this game and stare at it, look for your problems and fix it.Before more people lose their money to it..."
76561198007546807,Not Recommended,413710,31543040,Posted: 4 May,all,chrisjones32,"Unfinished out of date, Basically a mod for mount and blade, worst thing is they have just released a similar game about zombies,Avoid at all costs and buy the mount blade series"
,Not Recommended,413710,25511853,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Fuzzyballs01,"it's a bad attempt at making money off the (deserved) popularity of Warbandit does so many things wrong, and I have been looking for a good pirate game for ages, the last good one I played was Age of Pirates 2 with the Gentlemen of Fortunue modthis? it just cheaps out in so many gameplay aspects it's just not funthe main part of this game is sea battles, and sea battles not only suck, but they unfairly take away your field army unitsthey should have given you two armies, a sailor crew with a troop tree regarding to the ship, like gunners would make you reload faster and sailor would make you sail faster and a field army that's just for combat, also used in the boardingthere is no reason to ever NOT board an enemyships are worth more than the few bonus loot you can pick up, and convoys carry so much expensive loot you get like 30K per convoythere is no sense of advancement in this game, you can either start out easy, which is no fun, medium which is a good start, and hard, which is an unfair start with not even a shipthen you go attack pirates and smugglers, if you're lucky you can capture a war brig, but they aren't likely to spawn, and you can use that for half the gameeventually, you'll probably get the quest to go hit on some guy's daughter, and if you keep being nice to her you get your own settlement to govern, without any warningthen you'll be at war with other factions, and those guys usually bring like 5 frigates, your 1 war brig + large fluyt only used for cargo hauling can't stand up to those, field battles? games with muskets have this un-warband like quality to them that makes you lose half an army in a field battle and they cost tons to replaceyou're supposed to keep playing and killing stuff until you reach some captain level, and buy your own frigate; you should always be able to just capture onenow this is where the game turns ♥♥♥♥♥♥, those war frigate types have a ton of sailors, the 3rd rate has 320imagine how long it takes to whittle down those with grapeshot while you get to take round shotyou can't board frigates unless you plan on losing your own shipthen there's the siegesyour own lords won't actually join in when you attack by sea, not that it matters because the sailors manning the cannons will be the first to die, and they don't get replaced so your cannons won't even fire unless you get in there and do it yourselfthere's no aiming, the guns just fire randomly, good to tear down a wall or tower, not great to take down infantryand they only spawn in what your ship can carry, no reinforcements, 3 ships maxridiculously bad, my only offensive siege I managed to win, I ended up with 4 units left alive + me at 1hpand going on by land just causes your own army to be decimated because they have like 20 cannons pointed at your blob of unitsI won a defensive siege (they spawned me in at the back of the map btw, not right where I can shoot at the enemy) of 150 vs 600 because they lost 500 men just running towards the fortit's ridiculously unfairthey cut the story tooand the main issue here? they made a whole new store page and got rid of their previous game so they'd get a clean slate for user reviews, and it's still mixedif that isn't a big enough hint, you need to find help"
,Recommended,413710,28823965,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Eugene,Just a piratesed version of Mount & Blade. There is no players online or multiplayer doesn't work! But I like the environment of the game and possibility 'o destroin' Britishers ships. All hands ahoy!
76561198081281133,Recommended,413710,20218621,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Blaze Pascal 6949,"My Cursor Won't Move, At All, I CAN Use My Mouse But The Cursor Wont Move, Its like Its Part Of The Background.I have Played this game before and didnt have this problem.It only started in one of the recent update.(I think).Anyone Else Got This Problem?"
76561198102083986,Recommended,413710,20214102,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Amk - 47,Cool Bro
,Recommended,413710,31575033,Posted: 6 May,all,Kassar,I still like it. Begone nayseyerz!
76561198069094950,Recommended,413710,22227977,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bubby Stell,Fun and monotonous
76561197963500162,Recommended,413710,20649435,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Tex,I love this game but there are some errors they need to fix in the game I took pictures of them.
,Recommended,413710,23241648,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Arstotzkan Border Patrol,Its Mount and Blade with Pirates and working axe and mace pistols.
76561198029135728,Recommended,413710,25220802,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ubik,"I've played this game since the very beginning of the alpha. At first i felt sad because the game was basically a mod of Mount and Blades, a good one but with the same buggy stuff as Mount and Blades. I was hopping for a great game with epic ship fight, not some awfull simulation where you charge into battle just to fall and drown in the sea.2 Years after, the dev made it ! They fixed a lot of bug, only one remain on alt+tab sometime, the ship fight are awsome, they simplified and optimize the user experience of mount and blades to do something really enjoyable. Imho It's a better game than Mount and Blades even with the viking DLC"
76561198018951643,Not Recommended,413710,29546419,Posted: 28 January,all,The Zippo Man,Good initiative bad judgement I'd like to recommend this game but I just can't.
76561198028827127,Recommended,413710,23665138,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sven-hassell,bit differnt to regular M&B gameplay but a solid 8\10 regardless
76561198046569530,Recommended,413710,30251179,Posted: 28 February,all,Trog the Old,"Enjoyable empire building game, with exciting action elements to keep the game playing from getting to dry. Blood & Gold lends itself to unconventional problem solving well."
76561197975618429,Recommended,413710,20983156,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ants In My Eyes Johnson,"Fight the monestary nuns with your army of bucaneers and peasants, yarrr.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/357276631074226170/106BFE0A56E48143B8101C34D98DB067A1B6E08E/?interpolation=lanczos-none&output-format=jpeg&output-quality=95&fit=inside|2048:1152&composite-to=*,*|2048:1152&background-color=black"
,Recommended,413710,21485466,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Scumlyz,love it. any one who likes mount and blade might like this
76561198009440180,Recommended,413710,21148894,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bavnild,"Love the game, but for some reason they removed the names and faction bars above other ships in the campaign map... Makes it a hell to navigate through when you're forced to inspect every single damn ship that sails around at all times, for no reason.....If i'm wrong, and it's just my in my game this happens, then please contact me and tell me how to fix it lol"
,Recommended,413710,21824227,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TJ,"I so recommend this game. The developers did an amazing job.Pros:Amazing comat system for land and seaAdds new features to Mount and Blade which makes it freshDetailed ways of attacking, defending, etc.Complex economy and shippingAmazing graphics for a game using the old M&B EngineFairly decent AICons:Some bugs since it's been recently releasedFeel like a detailed tutorial would definitely helpMessages explaining what to do and how things work appear for a short amount of time, not giving you enough time to read itAI in combat could be a bit betterAll in all a great game. My review will be updated as I sink more time into this, but for now I leave it as an 8/10. Great opportunity to buy, however I do not feel like it is worth $20. I'd wait until the time lowers to $15 ish or a sale comes, because I guarantee this game will get bigger than it already is."
,Recommended,413710,21068165,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Budeholly,"For a game that uses  the older Mount & Blade engine.. it's really well done!If you are looking for a first person perspective on pirating, this low priced gem is worth a look.What it lacks in graphics, it certainly makes up for in combat and replayability. It's basically mount & blade with a pirate theme, and while the AI can be a little weak, its still very fun to play."
76561197975017131,Recommended,413710,21862697,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Mathias,Game is funny! And offers a lot!As of now i've become a master of starting slave uprisings!
,Not Recommended,413710,25786310,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BloodAxe,"I love the M&B series and have put more hours into Napoleonic Wars than most people spend raising a small child. I wanted to love this game, but it cannot be loved by mere mortals.Firstly, the multiplayer is dead. Not in a CS:S kind of sense, I mean literally: no one at all plays the multiplayer and if you go online you will be the only person in the world playing. If it wasn't dead however, I have a feeling it wouldn't be that great. The maps seem to make little sense (for example, one of the fort maps is a huge square shape, but fighting only occurs down one side) and the game modes aren't too exciting. Also, there doesn't seem to be ship battles online. Are you kidding guys? That's the main reason I bought the game!The single player makes next to no sense to me, but perhaps I'm a bit slow. Compared to the Viking Conquest single player, it's even more 'sandboxy' and offers next to no guidance on where to go and what to do. When you do stumble across a mission, it ends up being next to impossible and you end up getting stuck in the 'I failed and got kidnapped by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s' cycle where you lose everything and end up getting beaten up by men with pitchforks.Overall, its a good idea but it just doesn't really gel very well at any point.4 failed assassination attempts/10"
76561198131398205,Recommended,413710,21974384,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,brendenchappell,"Greatest game i've ever played, I love it!. Can't wait for the next updates!."
76561198208369871,Recommended,413710,24520170,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Slic,great love it
,Recommended,413710,29197506,Posted: 11 January,all,Mr.Randompants,Get it when it's on sale
,Not Recommended,413710,25527044,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Radtaco,Couldnt get server list after 1 sesh. but had a good laf
,Recommended,413710,25690311,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dankus Memus,"It's goddamn mount & blade with pirates, buy it now"
,Not Recommended,413710,23554829,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,erickpasta,Good but could have been better. More optimization could have gone a long way. Instead I am stuck waiting for long♥♥♥♥♥loads for menus I have to visit frequently. Missed oppourtunity.
76561197988159785,Recommended,413710,24752872,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,solidsloth11,Mount & Blade: Warband + Age of Pirates = Awesome.
,Recommended,413710,21359042,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dwave Maffews,"Worth about half price, get on sale."
76561198027576317,Not Recommended,413710,31523259,Posted: 3 May,all,LoLMaNNN,this game was not worth it even though is had great time period to go off on sadly it crashed and burned
76561198039267144,Not Recommended,413710,25714268,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Boomknight,It started out♥♥♥♥♥♥ They got it playable to the point of it being fun and worth the full price tag. Then they turned it back into♥♥♥♥♥♥again.#They♥♥♥♥editup
76561198130667183,Not Recommended,413710,25682736,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ZAIQERYZSP1,dont buy this game it will crash in the 50 day range of the game i have made severly charater and ever time i never make it past day 58 before it bugs out and you'll loose all your stuff and everthing prices is zero. i highly recommend not buying this game
,Not Recommended,413710,31451458,Posted: 29 April,all,Thomate,"The trade and the fight system is like in Mount and Blade but thats all they have in common.I didn´t play it for a long time cause of the REALLY terrible Pathfinding.The Pathfinding on the world map and in battle.On the world map the char goes weird ways. Sometimes just straight. No matter if there are cities or sth. else in the way. (Problem is that you load the city screen and you have to go out there manually and continue your way) But sometimes the char makes big detours and it takes a while till he arrived.In the battle it is nearly the same.I´m a big fan of M&B and B&C make lots of things quite well, but for me the pathfinding is in such a game really important and I dont have the nerves to overlook the fault."
76561198245544166,Recommended,413710,20564812,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,shoroe,it lags a lot and i have a very fast computer so please fix it so i can enjoy it to the full.
76561198007431047,Not Recommended,413710,20104264,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,emergenzy,"BG:C is really enjoyable for a number of hours until you realise that the game is not complete.I would recommend a ""Buy"" to:- players who like to explore ""Early Access"" titles- fans of Mount & BladeI would not recommend to buy this title to those users who expect a finished game, though. While the game runs quite stable, some major game mechanics (captains, own faction, player convoys) are poorly implemented and destroy any motivation to play for a longer time."
76561198109274135,Not Recommended,413710,31834906,Posted: 18 May,all,Croonyer,"I really wanted to like this game and I gave it a chance despite the bad reviews. People are right, this game is sadly very poorly optimized and now abandoned by the devs."
76561198000981873,Not Recommended,413710,23256908,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,scarecrowjack,"I'll start this brief review with two points.  First is the acknowledgement that, for someone who is accustomed to the Mount & Blade engine, it may be a completely different experience.  Second is the fact that, like all of us, I've been playing games for years now and generally know how they work.Ok, so on to my experience.  So I start playing this game, and all seems well aside from the fairly steep learning curve.  I get a mission to relieve a besieged fort, which seems pretty basic at least in outline: go in, figure out how to kill the natives, and as an added bonus try not to die while doing it.That's when things get bizarre.  First, there doesn't seem to be any way to control anything but my character.   That's fine, I think; given time I can figure out how that works.  There have to be tutorials somewhere, right?  Maybe there even are, but I didn't get that far because I got knocked unconscious by some native or other who was probably feeling slightly resentful about everything that was going on.Know what happens next?  Nothing.  That's right, nothing, unless I had a stroke (which was unlikely since there was no smell of toast or facial numbness, but I still mention anyway in the interest of fairness).  I sat there and watched nothing because the battle moved on.  I controlled nothing because I was unconscious.  Unconsciousness implied the thoroughly mistaken hope that one day I would regain consciousness and maybe rejoin the battle, but that didn't happen either.Then it got even better.  There's no way to reload the game in battle... unless it's just THIS battle, which would put me square into the ""get cancer twice then struck by lightning"" unlucky zone.  Fine, hardcore whatever... but there's also no way to stop the game.  Seriously, there's no end game button, no return to main menu, no quit to desktop, no accessible game menu that changes anything but video/audio options,Please, think about that for a second.  Your character is lying there.  There's no way to take control of anything else (I even employed desperation measures, which means looking at the keybind list one by one and seeing what each button does), no way to do anything at all in game, and no way to get out of the game except the nuclear option  of task manager.The event was frustrating.  Google didn't help, nor did checking the official forums.  For me, it was a game breaking experience... although as always your mileage may vary... and one I don't care to repeat.The game has a lot of potential, a very interesting premise, and for other people it sounds like it can be pretty fun.  For me, though, as soon as I hit post I'm heading to the hospital just to make sure it wasn't a stroke, because this seems like a pretty significant design flaw."
,Recommended,413710,30306346,Posted: 3 March,all,CaptainZM,"Did you love sids pirates as a kid, this is its direct successor in my opinion, I wouldnt say peoples complaints are wrong, just nothing I havnt seen in every mount and blade game"
76561198102325560,Not Recommended,413710,23285450,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,fearthemist96,"Last week I stepped on an ant pile. Thousands of little ants came crawling out of the dirt. This game manages to still have more bugs than that ant pile. Game breaking issues have plagued my first few attempts at starting a new adventure. The overall Game actually wasn't too bad, but like it's been mentioned already, this game is essentially a warband mod...with guns...it's a fire and sword mod actually. Not to mention load times are painful (although this maybe my machine, however the times stay equally long no matter what quality I set the game too). If you get this game make sure to save often, even if the bugs don't get you, the penalties for being defeated are dreadful."
76561198129195174,Not Recommended,413710,20841432,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,AnalThermometer,still a fail fool me once shame on you now its my fault for playing this♥♥♥♥♥
76561197989224389,Not Recommended,413710,24471196,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Thundar,The pop up tutorials flash by too fast to read them.  You end up running around without a clue.
76561198068139138,Not Recommended,413710,29291158,Posted: 15 January,all,Bing-bong,"Loved mount and blade. thought it would be like it with pirate theme, which it does have... just alil too boring in my opinion."
,Recommended,413710,33171393,Posted: 3 July,all,Romes80,nice battles
76561198105081441,Recommended,413710,34161622,Posted: 10 August,all,Insanes,"If you like Mount and Blade this is a must have...ive played over 500hrs in mount and blade, warband, fire and sword...I plan on playing as much in this game, there are some slight bugs like the quick save not working for me and some times the ropes glitch but other then that this is a mount and blade game in my eyes"
,Not Recommended,413710,26736318,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,SoldierOFortune_PL,"game has so bad optimization if I can only call this : uterly rubish .Developers do nothing since long time , was one crap patch and instead fix the game they added some ..zombies !!!And i'm saying this as Warband fan with about 4-5k hours of gameplay ( 3k steam + few years cracked copy )Worthy notning"
76561198080807174,Not Recommended,413710,21042393,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PhaJildo,I would totally love to play this game but my cursor is invisible. no help available. guess ill refund and go play csgo..............
76561198086126387,Not Recommended,413710,25597120,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,brassring39,"After very first battle the game crashed so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Don't waste your $ on this garbage, luckly I only spent $5."
76561198045714968,Recommended,413710,22979641,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,LtRuler,Great support from the creators. The engine could be better but its still fun if you have extra time on your hands.
76561198021086356,Not Recommended,413710,20799095,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,powerdragon96,Doesnt load goes all weird when selecting traits and skills and once i pass that it stops responding what a great pile of junk the creators and only create second game from them which is a fail. Better find a new job because creating a game is not for you
76561198015666020,Recommended,413710,23235326,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,founddown,"This game is extremely fun and with the free dlc coming out, it will become even more fun. :)"
,Not Recommended,413710,23298619,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Martyr,"Do not waste your time with this game. I'm a M&B fan and looking forward to bannerlord. But this one is pure crap. I mean seriously, they can't even get the rules right for for stupid blackjack minigame. Ace's count for 11 OR 1 how freaking hard is that to figure out?The missions you can do they attempted to balance by forcing weapon loadouts and ignoring the equipment and troops what you've spent your money on. Even then they are terribly balanced, in most cases success comes down to pure luck of how well the thugs it gives you survive.There is no way to escape from sea combat, so if you get pulled into it early on with the beginner ship then you might as well surrender. But worse then that was the fact there were no connon sounds the first time I got into one, none at all unless the volume for those sounds is about 300% less then regular sound levels.The devs did well with M&B and I hope 2 is even better, but this game they don't deserve any money for. It's an M&B re-skinned with ships and it's not nearly as good. They got greedy by releasing this and it's obviously failed."
76561198021619663,Not Recommended,413710,23772941,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Aul_vintage,Couldn't even play game in fullscreen due to cursor bug.  Load times are very slow for everything as well.
76561198049949381,Recommended,413710,21103445,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"A decent game that needs to be improved.There are no shallows. We all know that shallows were very important for the pirates as they were one of the ways that they could escape from warships. The sloops, especially the bigger ones, are underestimated. Sloops were the primary ships of pirates, and the way they are represented in the game, unless you have a sloop yourself or a cutter, you have nothing to fear as a merchant from the pirates with that kind of ship in this game. Sloops are fast, maneuverable, have decent amount of cannons for their size and are quite dangerous in the hands of pirates. Also, they can go where no warships can go making it easy for them to sail away.When you are boarding a ship or you are being boarded, the ships should be a bit bigger, and the amount of masts you have on each ships should reflect the amount of mast you have on each ship, not a default arena where people kill each other. If my ship has only one big mast, then there should be only one big mast. There is lots of work to be done here. Also, I want the ships to be as big as the ship I am boarding with, if I am using a sloop, then it is as big as a sloop with one mast, if I am boarding with a trimast corvette or three-decker then three mast plus big deck. I also want to have my entire load of men to attack not just a dozen or twenty. If I have a 100 men on board, I want a 100 men to assault the other ship. Otherwise I lose men uselessly by doing that silly 20 vs 20. I want a gauge like in Mount & Blade that tells the game how many guys I want on the map for each side.Taking the Mount & Blade system into the Carribean is a good idea, but the designers should have put more time into research of the period and what made a pirate good at what he does as well as putting more time into coding. Graphics are unimportant as you have seen in Mount & Blade. M&B's graphics were ordinary, but the game was awesome. So build on that.Oh yeah, add shallows where warships cannot enter without taking damage.Also, I've noticed that no matter what the shape of your ships are in your fleet, you do not slow down on the world map. Sorry but that makes no sense. I captured a ship that had basically no masts or sails left and I was still moving at top speed on the the world map. In reality, a fleet moves at the speed of the slowest ship you have in it.Another thing, when you sell a ship you should be able to keep and transfer its crew to your remaining ships, it's silly to always buy the damn guys over and over again because you sent some onto ships you have captured for sailing it back to port.Trading is possible, although there should be like a logbook that your character writes into when he finds a milk run so that you can remember easily. But you would need to discover it. Like buy rum in town A and sell it in town E. Or maybe some guy in port that you can pay and he tells you where you can sell for a profit the merchandise found in this town. Or do like the old Mount & Blade and assess the market by using time instead of money and it would be evaluated according to your merchant skill.I like the game, and recommend buying it for people who likes pirate/sea games and Mount & Blade. But it requires lots of tweaking still."
76561198122712084,Recommended,413710,31556298,Posted: 5 May,all,8-The-General-8,Hilarious.  Only buy on discount.
76561198273777757,Recommended,413710,29288688,Posted: 15 January,all,moonfishmish,love da rope swinging bit on da boats
76561198001922665,Not Recommended,413710,21178536,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dr. Micks,/Uninstalled after 5 mins of gameplay. Complete shirt.
76561197993743360,Not Recommended,413710,22186757,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Pandor,"Din't like it. Played 64 minute and i tryed to play as a merchant. So all i can say is merchant is badly implemented. Intro is confusing, it say that you purchased stuff to sell in hispaniola, look on map there is no area named that, go in quest tab and see that there is a tab with town listing and see no town named that. So you think that maybe it's a faction so you check faction name still no luck. So i finally sold the stuff to a random town without knowing what they usually go for. Tryed to find a way to assess the market but found no way. So i tough ok i will try a bit of fight to see how it goes. Fought a ship and we turned around each other for 15 minute firing at random (Dont think my shot was landing but it was night and i had merchant skill and ship build so that might explain it.)So in short: Game is not built for trading. Might be good for fighting but i like to build an empire in those kind of game so if merchant part is screwed it's not fun for me."
76561198101510759,Not Recommended,413710,31512361,Posted: 2 May,all,Rob-The Insane,"I got this game because it looked like a mount and blade style game, the game is a good start. but the lack of updates made this game worse."
76561198026217139,Recommended,413710,28569262,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Earpugs,Like the old pirates of the carribean game but better.
76561198008675660,Recommended,413710,24787417,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,rexus300,I'm giving this a thumbs up because the developers are sincerly trying.Try adding the sounds of cannons firing and maybe sea battles will finnally be interesting.
76561198026635584,Recommended,413710,34604779,Posted: 30 August,all,Runo,Argh .. tis be a gud pirate game me hearties .
,Not Recommended,413710,20279412,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DStecks,"Totally IncomprehensibleI really wanted to like this game. You have no idea how hungry I am for a good pirate game. But this isn't it. If you've never played Mount & Blade before, you're just screwed from square one, because this game doesn't have a tutorial for how it works on a basic level. If I hadn't played a bit of Warband I would have been lost right from the get-go, instead of lost shortly after the get-go.The interface is a nightmare, with zero polish of any kind. Nothing makes sense. The UI presentation is total amateur hour, though I'm not sure how much of that is the fault of the shoddy Mount & Blade engine. The few text boxes of explanation that the player does get disappear before I had time to even read half of them, and I am a fast reader.Even the quickest jaunt into the game world makes it feel dead. There's no interaction with townspeople, so far as I can tell, making them the sparse window dressing to an already sparse design.There might be some kind of quality game underneath the mountains of crap, and maybe some may find it worthwhile to dig through it all, but the average person will simply not enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,413710,30721269,Posted: 25 March,all,SPIDERFACE,"Hey! you're banjaxed!Hey! you're screwed!And bugs are coming for you!Trapped on an island lost at sea!Playable, you'll cease to be!"
76561198126098599,Not Recommended,413710,20239745,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Nocturnal,"I really enjoyed Mount and Blade, but this game is clunky and awkward, not fun at all"
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,413710,31164648,Posted: 15 April,all,Vali,"Horribly attempt, buggy and far from a finished gamed"
76561198084151405,Recommended,413710,22868742,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,FunNGuns,If you like Mount & Blade then you should give game a try.
76561198018449036,Not Recommended,413710,31551417,Posted: 4 May,all,Atlas,"Dont purchase, tis dead and will not be getting future updates, and as the games current state is le poop, its not worth 1$"
76561198015938542,Not Recommended,413710,23903249,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Munky,I'm a big fan of Warband and Fire & Sword but this is really disappointing.I do not recommend this game. Incredibly frustrating and just doesn't feel polished at all.
,Not Recommended,413710,23420417,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,The Destructor,"This game is terrible. Seriously. Bad Controls, Bad Graphics, and a really bad menu. I have seen flash games with a better font set and menu set. I looks like someone took five minutes to make the menus in flash, and decided they were the best thing ever. If this was an early release game, id give it a pass and say ok, it looks like this is going somewhere, but this is a full release game. its not work even the sale price of 9.99 it was on sale for. So happy I was able to get this refunded. Avoid this game like it was the plague."
,Not Recommended,413710,31675682,Posted: 10 May,all,Guntario,"I couldn't get into this. There was no learning curve. You're just thrown into this game that has really quirky controls and weird interactions between land and sea. I'm sure if I put hundreds of hours into learning the game, it'd probably be good, but I don't want to."
76561198033432659,Recommended,413710,31251204,Posted: 20 April,all,greenematt23,I'm addicted...
76561198014225223,Recommended,413710,20760181,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Massive Astronaut,It's like Assassin's Creed 4 but only actually good.
76561198121607584,Not Recommended,413710,23314906,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,mailnotlob,just get mount and blade or sid meirs pirates this games basicly a crap plend of the two and they are cheeper
76561198088309677,Not Recommended,413710,23746970,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Homophobic Homosexual Homosapien,"Eh.... it's not complete, ships don't do anything when you boarda ship, it's just... terrible.... the cities aren't really intact with the ground,it is nothing like M&B (Mount & Blade) Ships, i'm okay with if we actually got to maneuver them on the ship and shoot cannons myself, by manning each cannon myself n stuff, it's just not worth it unless it's like 5 dollars, any more than that, it's a rip off.... Now ima refund this game, would be nice if it were complete....."
76561198063365585,Not Recommended,413710,25761683,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The_Q,just play MWB
,Recommended,413710,31565154,Posted: 5 May,all,Foxy,They update a lot and it wasnt expensive so good job!
76561198071276039,Not Recommended,413710,22361569,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Matches,"My favorite and most played game of all time, Mount and Blade: Warband.  Over 1,200 hours and there are plenty of mods that offer more then this game does.PerisnoProphesy of PendorNova AetasAnno Dominiand many other mods are out there for Mount and Blade Warband that are more fleshed out then this game.90% of all games I buy on steam are what I call ""regrets"" and sadly this is one of them.  There are some mods that change Mount and Blade so much that it isn't even compareable to the original game.  Single individuals have created mods for FREE in their spare time because it is what they do.I'm comparing this game that I PAID money for to the work of others and it just doesn't stand up."
,Not Recommended,413710,30270091,Posted: 1 March,all,Pvt. Bentze 325thGIR,This game is basically a mod for mount and blade Warband and it costs $20!! It is really annoying when you lose a battle because you get sold into slavery and can't leave the island or mainland you are on until you somehow get money to buy a boat which is basically impossible. And if you play the game to long you will have a nightmare. If you want a pirate game I recommend. Naval Action and assassins creed 4
76561197986040962,Recommended,413710,23242874,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Erikwa3290,"ok, ill give the devs credit they turned this turd around."
76561198157136030,Not Recommended,413710,19757087,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,[TRC] Bread_Stick,"This game is very great in some aspects, but in others it falls very short. Some things i like is how the ship battles work. But i am going to focus on what bothers me most! If you get sold into slavery its almost impossible to get back to where you were at one time. Also the suspicious man quests are almost impossible."
,Not Recommended,413710,23258258,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Grass Eater,"The frame rate is terrible. I know i have a bad computer, but i bought this for my friend as well, and he has a moderate to great computer, and complained about the frames."
,Not Recommended,413710,20052084,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ysil69,"This game is full potential but very little polish. Character creation menus have no back and forth option, and while assigning skill points you can't take away ones you put on. Only reset the entire thing. Character appearance options are severally limited, control options are limited. I can't even turn the vibrate off on my xbox controller which is always hooked up to my pc. The quests are either poorly guided or just poorly implemented. Went to burn down some ships in a wharf. Throw torches on the deck, no fire. Tried to throw them on the bags of ammo, no fire. Ran around the ship looking for a ""push f to light"" nothing.I'm sure there's a very simple way to complete it. But you either need to tell your player base how to do it, or make the game more accepting of simple solutions like throwing a torch. The merchant menu is difficult to use if you aren't buying hundreds of items at once. It's a slider bar instead of an arrow click, or numerical input or the combination of both an arrow push/slider bar for precision. Obviously it's usable but not user friendly.Some pluses for the game. The combat system is fun. Probably funner than the original mount and blade. The ship combat is very well done. It's not a slow and tedious chasing of ships like other ship games. The combat options also give you the option of firing cannons from the starboard or port sides or from the stern independantly. Boarding ships is the same combat as regular mount and blades melee.All in all the game has potential as I said in the start. But severally lacks user friendly polish. Unless your really dedicated to this type of gameplay I'd wait."
76561198089297184,Not Recommended,413710,23721973,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Teh Sith Lord,"I tried to like this game, but it's laggy and poorly made. The command system in battles is crap and music is damn repeative and annoying. Buy Warband instead of this."
,Not Recommended,413710,23282170,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,LordSalmon,"I love mount and blade and Sid Meier's pirates was one of my favourite games. I had very high hopes for this game which might be why it disappointed so much. This is basically an unpolished mod of Mount and blade. Considering the amount of quality free mods for m&b I don't think this is worth the price. Maybe in the future with more mod support this could be a could game, but as it is now it is not worth the price."
76561198042996051,Not Recommended,413710,24548025,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,David of Dukington,Cant play the game. Any time i boot up my save all i see is a black screen. I thought something like this would be fixed or atleast have some sort of technique to fix. But anything i try doesn't work. I have a decent rig.
76561198044840179,Not Recommended,413710,32730679,Posted: 24 June,all,TCopel,Mount and Blade Mod: The Game. Expect performance issues and generally unappealing gameplay.
76561198175566457,Recommended,413710,33509311,Posted: 13 July,all,corbin.thomas,I like it
76561198086914377,Recommended,413710,27733559,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,emerrone,it is the best pirate game you fight and capture ships and plantations but i wish it wouldnt take so long to escape being a prisoner
76561198329552383,Not Recommended,413710,31245487,Posted: 19 April,all,edjoewilson,not sure i want to like it but cant get into it i wish it was like warband but oh well
76561198132193394,Recommended,413710,29449430,Posted: 23 January,all,YIMYIMYIM,FUN GAMEi like bein a ye' olde Pirate' ArrGGGHH
,Recommended,413710,27743151,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nernbutt,"fair bit more fun than you might first believe, especially if you like merchanteering."
,Not Recommended,413710,33363441,Posted: 7 July,all,TallCanadian,Its a fun game when it works. Unfortunately it never works.
76561198008896532,Recommended,413710,24985603,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,JOE1st,decent game has some bugs for some people but i have not found many
76561198048671819,Not Recommended,413710,21552039,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,banzai,Couldnt even use my mouse on the options screen before i even started the game!
,Not Recommended,413710,23267647,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,imPyre,"Got this on sale for the daily deal for 50% off. At a price of $10, I requested a refund.Here are my complaints:-several crashes-terrible pathfinding for the ship (it frequently gets stuck near coastline, but time continues to pass)-just a re-skin of mount and blade with ship battles added-the ship battles are terrible (difficult to control and aim)-other random bugs and errors all over the placeHere's what I liked:-intro music is pretty cool-the trading and construction are improvements over the older versionsAll-in-all, not worth it. If you can't get it for less than you'd pay for a hot dog, get that instead."
76561198034420642,Recommended,413710,31085984,Posted: 11 April,all,RIZA91,Taleworlds. You never cease to amaze. People have mixed feelings about this game aparaently. However I absoulutely love this game and would be hugely disapointed had it never been made. I was hoping that a mount and blade for this time period would be created. The imersion in this game is incrediable. The Soundtrack is beautiful. The combonation of tradtional roaming conquest from M&B:WB with the additional option to follow a story line is genius and i had loads of fun with it. The Ships in this game 5/5.The only thing i would add would be addtional clothing/armor options.That being said if you like RPGs of any sort for that reason alone this game is a must buy. The amount of content and gameplay i got out of this for 10-15 dollars is unbeliveable. 10/10 Taleworlds wondeful job.
,Not Recommended,413710,23282062,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Luxy the Jacobin,"The melee combat system is probably the worst thing i've ever experienced.Ever.There's almost absolutely nothing you can do but get knocked unconscious.It should instead be called ""12 Years a Slave Simulator"", because you'll get little to no pirating done."
76561198007780794,Recommended,413710,27068929,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Astrakan,"Hi All,if you like boat and pirates, i recomend this one."
,Not Recommended,413710,31445135,Posted: 29 April,all,[AGS] Coady,Dreadful
,Recommended,413710,27237933,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BIG NOSE JONES,i dont know what it is but something just seems off about this game i dont really get the excitment playing this as i get when im   playing warband or with fire and sword it feels like a mount and blade game but also doesnt the ship combat is boring and slow and the regular ground combat feels boring as well i also hate the slavery system its to hard to escape and the other prisoners dont offer much help
76561197983898929,Not Recommended,413710,23330444,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Cosmo,Good concept similar to the other pirate games out there.  It has a ton of bugs and glitches.  I\'d recommend holding off on this one.
76561198041445825,Not Recommended,413710,23693546,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Samantha Raven,There is like no pirate open world single player action and advanture rpg sandbox like sailking rpgs like elder scrolls but open world like and sailing and boarding....I was hopping this game be what i was looking for but it isnt. the sailing combat is awful for some thing like a pirates game thats a major and involved around sailing so much in this game it was painful to play it wasnt fun the controls whre really bad.The map land exploring was awful too you go to ports when u never clicked on them that are in the wrong direction even.If you get capturd there no way to get a ship ether its awful once u lose a ship and get captured its game over the game dosnt give u any other means to get off islands or to get a ship so if u end up on a island with enamy factions u can't access there ship yards to get a ship.Over all this game i give it a 3 out of 10.If your looking for a pirates sailing explorer game defintly go play Pirates of the burning sea instead this Blood & Gold caribbean feels like a awful version of that game.
76561197977345078,Not Recommended,413710,23319546,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,jrasdall,"This is one of those 50-50 reviews that could read either \""yes, if...\"" or \""no, but...\""  I\'m a real sucker for games that can be described as \""Mount and Blade, only ____\"" (werewolves, ninjas, whatever), and this game is certainly Mount and Blade, only pirates!  Sounds awesome in theory, but in practice, not so much.  Most of the combat happens on ships, which are too confined and claustrophobic to do any of the fun Mount and Blade stuff like ride your horse through ranks of archers.  This is a more unpleasant shortcoming than it might sound like, because tons of seemingly cool ideas like the ability to climb up riggings to the crow\'s nests just turns into unmanageable blocking and failed swings in the elbow-room-ranges you constantly find yourself in.  Even the handguns aren\'t that great because you really have to be careful not to hit your own troops.  (The ship-to-ship combat is fun enough--but also way too similar to the Sid Meier\'s Pirates remake.)So, a thumbs down and I\'m sad to say it.  The sad fact is that if you want piratey goodness, the Sid Meier\'s Pirates remake is still a ton of fun for the sawbuck gamer and Assassin\'s Creed 4 is great for the top-shelf folks.  And if you just want more Mount and Blade of any kind (which, there\'s already tons) you can buy Victory at Sea or even just play the Star Wars: Conquest mod for free on the first game."
,Recommended,413710,33332536,Posted: 6 July,all,EatdaPooPoo,Its laggy and loading itself takes nearly 20 minutes for my crappy laptopand  I CANT REFUND IT........:'(Sad life
76561198190519465,Recommended,413710,28271684,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,leeloman2,"Game cant even start. very very glitchy.Lots of freezing and hanging.Cant do anything to fix it.From what I could see, the game does look great.Please fix itI really want to play it."
76561198067480074,Not Recommended,413710,26007324,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,shane1hemsley,SO I USE TO PLAY THIS ON A 300£ LAPTOP NO PROBLEM I GET AN EXPENSIVE GAMING PC AND I GET A WIERD BLACK SCREEN OVER LAYING THE MAP I CAN HEAR THE MUSIC BUT I CARNT PLAY THE GAME A QUICK GOOGLE SEARCH SHOWS THIS HAS GONE ON FOR A WHILE WHY IS THERE NO FIX? WOULD RATE IF I COULD PLAY
76561198352828429,Not Recommended,413710,28883908,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Eliasmoney,i reallly tried to love this game i truely did its just to laggy and crashes every 5 seconds so if they fix the game i would be happy to buy it again but for now ill be waiting for my f=refund
76561198091484705,Recommended,413710,25542267,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,George Lucas' Bathroom,this game is sick.buy it.
76561198077931319,Not Recommended,413710,19919233,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Currently Inactive,"This is a fun game, but is too buggy and slow to enjoy at the moment."
,Not Recommended,413710,19776181,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,matmohair1,"currantly unplayable deu to  loading and frame rate problemsas well as constant stuttering and glitches - a wasted oppertunity,should have been smooth like Fire and Swordnever trust a ""mount and blade"" game...that tries too hard to not be ""mount and blade""!"
76561198053209065,Not Recommended,413710,19783392,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Brutus,"F*** this game. Still a piece of s***. Can't control anything, for instance, which ship my god damn men need to be on, and the guide is useless: anything it says can be figured out and everything you want to know isn't in it. Thanks for a waste of time, hope, and effort. A terrible addition to the mount and blade franchise."
76561198004883725,Not Recommended,413710,19791463,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,SuperBeast313,Tried to use a pistol to melee couldn't sitch in melee 100% slave simulator
76561198109223800,Not Recommended,413710,19774672,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,walker,if it worked it would be great.... game just stops
,Not Recommended,413710,23243610,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Yammi The Skeet Fiend,"""The game is based on the significantly improved Mount & Blade: Warband engine.""But it still crashes every time you ♥♥♥♥ing blink"
76561198008234943,Not Recommended,413710,31492803,Posted: 1 May,all,ForetyF1,"The ancient rendering engine is buckling under amateur (too much) crap. She can'e take it captain! Game is only fun for me at a stable 144fps, like I have in Fire&Sword. My 1080 GTX and i7 can't do it even with lowering settings LOL. I'll look for some decent mods for Warband/Fire&Sword"
,Recommended,413710,33988860,Posted: 3 August,all,Big And Good Boy,Pretty good
,Not Recommended,413710,21575940,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,LockManipulator,Horrible controls and lack of as well. Sh*t graphics but still takes a lot of power to run. Gameplay is minimal.
76561198041400335,Not Recommended,413710,19641906,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,matty1monopoly,"Ugh! So close to being decent.I really enjoy a lot of the ideas and mechanics in this game much more so than just the original Caribbean! Which has apparently been removed from the Steam store, which is a slightly sad sight to see that instead of trying to make one good game, they just removed the bad one and placed a new one on the market in hopes of removing all the negative feedback from the first interation.As I said, although there are plenty of RPG mechanics that I like. I like the town system, I like upgrading ships, I like making choices, conquering towns. It's all great. But this leads me to the things I hate.Incredibly long load times between places. Sometimes the game will just freeze because you're just trying to load your next spot. I really don't know how the game can have such light graphics and relatively small rooms but has such long load times. This is really a barrier to enjoying the game because you will constantly be switching from place to place just to do one thing and to be halted by a 10 second load time between each 30 seconds of gameplay you do. This is the reason why I currently do not recommend this game.*Update* I just read a list of things they want to add to the game, and they didn't even mention anything about character design. One of the most barebone parts of the game.*Update 2* I got a comment saying that maybe the problem is my computer, I initially laughed at the idea because all of the other mount and blade games and mods run just fine on this same computer but to be fair I decided I would give them a chance. I reduced all options down to their lowest settings and the same exact  problems are still there. The only positive thing I can say is that the load times went from 10 seconds to 6 seconds. So I guess the tagline for this game should be ""40% better on low settings!"""
,Not Recommended,413710,31844077,Posted: 19 May,all,B.Pearson,This game is trash
76561198019391464,Not Recommended,413710,33971675,Posted: 2 August,all,grumpy1994,Rather buy vaking conquest(DLC for M&B warband) instead
76561198088801701,Recommended,413710,34077513,Posted: 7 August,all,Woltarius,Best Pirate simulator ever
76561198011300382,Not Recommended,413710,22113196,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Tannumber17,No
76561198067207576,Not Recommended,413710,21266940,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dawg711,Save your money!!!Dont take my word for the issue I am about to explain. Do something I did not do go read the discussion section on this game.Ok so I bought the game because the video made it look tempting. So I start it up and I am trying to make my selections but my cursor is not moving. Okay must be the computer right? Well I restart the computer the game and Steam still same issue. I look to the forums for help to find that many others had this but no solution was found. I went to the link the Devs suggested in one of there post. Took me to a forum page that has been around as long as windows 98!! Come on this game supposely was released end last year.Ok so only thing in the forums I found was that I am not the only one with the issue. No it is not my rig it is more than enough for this game by 5x's over. Turns out that playing in windows mode solves this. Not bad if you dont mind that.So I get in game finally and it looks so much like what I think is Port Royal with outdated graphics (all settings as high as I can get them)Its not over!!! I try to refund the game and that took me another hour of restarting things to get the page to load. I know it was not Steam as any other game I was having no issue requesting a refund!! Though no other game that I have other than this do I want to get rid of. Finally I got the request to go through. This is the 2nd worst experience with a game I have ever had. Steam is not to blame here but they need to look at who gets to put games in their store!!If you are still reading good you have all the reasons to NOT but this game.
76561198058428312,Not Recommended,413710,33442689,Posted: 10 July,all,codystarslinger,needs more work and too basic. its just a mod for mount and blade but dones not imporve much i can see no reason why this is worth 20bucks.
76561198075544305,Not Recommended,413710,26394604,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mapiasal,Meh. Can't really say I enjoy it much.
,Recommended,413710,29078095,Posted: 6 January,all,_VaultBoy_,cool dude
76561198073116913,Recommended,413710,23244324,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,klvgorman3,This is an amazing game my only issue is i can't find the free dlc it said it released today. Where is it?
76561198031627351,Not Recommended,413710,25392984,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,tagout1221,I paid money for this game and it doesnt work i have played the other mount and blade games but this one is the largest dissapointment as soon as i start the match all i get is a black screen with the typical border and a waiting message with the music of course. I would honestly like a refund so that i could buy the Napoleon DLC or something else that actually works. I feel cheated and because i like the people who make this game i wont make a big deal out of it but its just a slap in the face to pay for a game that doesnt work.
76561198059381656,Not Recommended,413710,19654868,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,openworldplayer,"no ♥♥♥♥ing fullscreen again, can only play windowed. cursor freezes if full screen is chosen."
76561198007965176,Not Recommended,413710,33982457,Posted: 2 August,all,saucybrossy,Very disappointing
76561198008795381,Recommended,413710,23237638,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Eugenm,Бесплатно досталась!! Оригинал есть!!
76561197981005048,Not Recommended,413710,23264930,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,aubreymal,"The game is very difficult. The fighting controls are gastly to use, and when you get put down you loose everything with little or no chance to make something of yourself. Then there the bugs, path finding issues and so many others.I can not recomend this game and i can no longer get a refund. :("
,Not Recommended,413710,32801657,Posted: 25 June,all,Pauly C in Mourning,They somehow ruined Mount and Blade.
76561197972632348,Not Recommended,413710,23270640,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Delt,boring.
76561198008254365,Not Recommended,413710,31100779,Posted: 12 April,all,Septimus,Yo ho ho and a bottle of sh*t.
76561198162813338,Recommended,413710,22708239,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,DreadStyx,Beans Beans Beans BeansBeing a pirate is alright to be...
,Not Recommended,413710,26167720,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Flak,Generic gameplay. Poor UI.
,Not Recommended,413710,23982032,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,xXmush,"Terribly optimised, extremley laggy when getting around map, completley umbearable to play on no matter your computer. Dont buy..."
76561198064569598,Not Recommended,413710,34918015,Posted: 13 September,all,tstuart1996,Its was still having opt issues on my gaming laptop
,Recommended,413710,29728903,Posted: 5 February,all,jwoelmer,it great
76561198070959155,Recommended,413710,23091724,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Boba Bola,Not bad.
,Not Recommended,413710,32725619,Posted: 24 June,all,Alice®,"i can't believe this is a mnb mod sell as standalone rogueware. the control doesnt work, bad soundtracks. same gameplay as sid mierer pirate, no climbin animation... the list can't stop growing. im sorry the game just not what i expected ... refund!"
,Recommended,413710,23008613,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Knegoff,Som mount and blade fast trasigt
,Not Recommended,413710,28731209,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[49th]TheProTaco,"Do yourself a favor and skip this game.Can't even get a refund, damn."
,Not Recommended,413710,28742603,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AttilaTheHun,Runs like a man without legs.
76561198323149068,Not Recommended,413710,28842295,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Chicken Dude,Dont get this game it is nothing like it says it is lags to♥♥♥♥♥♥and I cant even zoom out on the world map because i dont have a ♥♥♥♥ing number pad! Definetely dont recomend this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,413710,28739363,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Broq,thi was so bad and cluncky...
76561198021813419,Not Recommended,413710,28900820,Posted: 1 January,all,jefferype,"unable to use on Windows 10, 4k screen   ressolution issues, forces restart of PC each time.Naturally unable to comment on gameplay etc."
76561198071015341,Not Recommended,413710,34100903,Posted: 8 August,all,El Blackout,meh
,Not Recommended,413710,28849481,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,it is♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy it you cant do any thing in the game it is not  worth it 0/10 ign
,Not Recommended,413710,24602054,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mrgigs25,SnowBird Games copy pasted Warband and Sid Meier's Pirates!10/10 will buy another bootleged Warband game again.Oh yeah and no one plays the Multiplayer
76561198016482765,Not Recommended,413710,22952065,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ston III,"just can't play the game what so ever, FPS drops on the start screen, only time i have good frames is when in options menu my computer is more then the game needs. looked all over to try find a fix but nothing."
76561197970122934,Not Recommended,413710,23249173,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ToR{H,"The game is boring, spent most of my time playing this as a prisoner/slave inside various mines and plantations.The combat is VERY unbalanced. ( i played on SUPER-EASY btw)"
,Not Recommended,413710,23282818,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,NEW FRONT ((( FERREIRA ))),"PORTUGUESE VERSION?? SPANISH? YOU FORGOT THAT GOOD PART OF BUYERS ARE LATINOS AND EUROPEANS WITH SPEAKING SPANISH OR PORTUGUESE , DECEPTION , DO NOT UNDERSTAND HISTORY , MOUNT BLADE Warband / FIRE / VIKINGS , THESE GAMES ARE PERFECT AS ATTENDING TO ALL PUBLIC . I WILL WAIT OUT THE VERSION IN PORTUGUESE OR IN SPANISH FOR THE GAME HAVE MORE SENSE ._________________________________________VERSAO EM PORTUGUES?? ESPANHOL? VOCÊS ESQUECERAM QUE BOA PARTE DOS COMPRADORES SÃO LATINOS E EUROPEUS COM QUE FALAM ESPANHOL OU PORTUGUES, DECEPÇÃO, NÃO ENTENDO A HISTORIA, MOUNT BLADE WARBAND / FIRE/ VIKINGS, ESSES JOGOS SÃO PERFEITOS POIS ATENDE A TODOS OS PUBLICOS. VOU ESPERAR SAIR A VERSÃO EM PORTUGUES OU EM ESPANHOL, PARA O JOGO TER MAIS SENTIDO."
76561198030804609,Not Recommended,413710,32018261,Posted: 28 May,all,ladynowak,Pirating does not play well with Mount & Blade mechanics :)
76561198146843019,Not Recommended,413710,23242700,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,katefoxportfolio,"I do not understand how this game is popular.  There is little to no tutorial and the game, starting with the load game screen, seems sloppily put together.  Me thinks not, matey."
76561198090881988,Not Recommended,413710,23244226,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,RedRavenMatt,"So, it pretty much sucks. My PC can run all the others brilliantly and shiz, the whole shebang. I turn this one on, go to a tavern and it loses its♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't run it for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Laggy as hell. Give it a miss, and go for the others that run like a charm."
,Not Recommended,413710,22981737,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,pixeltender,Multiplayer Servers arr DEAD! So sad :(
76561198033677341,Not Recommended,413710,19627692,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,calvinmania,This game just crashes every time I try to play it.
76561198002673850,Not Recommended,413710,22840586,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,geoff3197,found the gameplay awful just couldnt get into it
76561198055168851,Not Recommended,413710,22703976,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,WormBucket,garbage can game
76561198055740221,Not Recommended,413710,22873340,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SatansFelchers,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible, it gives you no help at all and its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing difficult. So it just drops you off in the middle of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ on your own. Unit pathing is garbage, quests are garbage. this was a money grab at best"
76561198148085764,Recommended,413710,22819481,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Noot_Dogg420™,"I like this game a LOT. It's a lot of fun. My problems with it are that the AI is so unpolished, the commanding system in battles and missions that should be WAY more elaborate, your party travelling weirdly to the wrong port when you didn't even click on that one, your ship getting stuck on bits of land when it should just be able to go around them, not being able to command your artillery and the vague system surrounding them in general, and bugs like a ship spazzing out in battle. Still, lovely game. Fun missions, good system for besieging (even though you should be able to command your troops WAY more, seriously please get on that we need more commands). My point is it's a great game but needs to be A LOT more polished."
76561198019261750,Recommended,413710,19954073,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MillRock,"I love the Mount and Blade games, so when I saw that they were making a pirate-version of it, I had to buy it ASAP. Played some hours on it and it kept me satisfied for the time being. But then it grew tiresome. I stopped playing it. Then some months later I read some news that they were about to relaunch the game in an upgraded version called ""Blood and Gold: Caribbean"". I tried it out on the 23th of December and has been addicted to it ever since. This game is fantastic!Got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me and sold as a slave four times before I could make a decent profit of looting and pillaging. And I would do it all over again!"
76561197984301338,Recommended,413710,25600371,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,hornet688,"The M&B engine may be old, but to me, it offers some unique experiences.  For example, the chaoic crush of sailors and soldiers during a boarding in this game is one of the more interesting takes on boarding actions that I've seen in a game.  Even a high level character with great equipment must take care not to be surrounded.  Sure, naval combat might seem a bit simplistic, and the graphics are indeed dated, but it has a moderate and satisfying learning curve that has translated into an immersive and enjoyable experience for me.  Also, the devs seems to be supporting it well with updates from time to time.So, if you like the M&B experience and pirates, I'd suggest it.  While other reviewers have mentioned technical issues, I've had none in over thirty hours in game on a Windows 8.1 laptop with a 980m."
,Recommended,413710,20845477,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Cringer,"I have played the game one day now and this is one of the best pirate games i've ever played! I can tell u! You play in whole caribbean and u can do so many things! You can choose which faction u wanna join and when u have chosen your faction u have to attack the enemy with your army. The battles are also amazing!. If u are thinking ""Should i buy this game?"" then would i say ""YES GOD DAMN DO IT!!!!!!!!!!! THAT'S ONE OF THE BEST GAMES!!!!!!!"" I hope u buy this game, it's really good! :) :D"
,Not Recommended,413710,21408717,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Yehn,"I really tried to like this game, I really did. It's just so incredibly badly done, you could think it's just another free mod for Warband found somewhere in the underbelly of the internets. The fact I paid money for it makes me want to cry. A lot."
76561198033757946,Recommended,413710,25508516,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ErrantOne,"If you are a fan of Mount & Blade or pirate genre this game is worth considering, if on sale (like 4.99 or so). It has some bugs, but still very fun and challenging at first.  Not sure what if any support the game gets these days, but read up before buying or just spend 4.99 and try it.  Up to you.  Would give it 3.5/5 stars.  Hope the devs keep working on this."
,Recommended,413710,20103545,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Thelegend27,Great game! The graphics could be better but the gameplay is good.
76561197999303602,Recommended,413710,23266279,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,HammSauce,"It has been a while since my previous review of this game, and I must say that the Dev's of Blood & Gold have stepped up their game since then. Updates have cleared up many of the bugs and the game appears to be shining through the previous grit that held it back. If you love Mount & Blade and are looking for a pirate themed version of the game, look no further."
76561197974131096,Not Recommended,413710,25619220,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,AwakenedFellow,"The game was not exactly what i expected, and unfortunately it is quite buggy, music is nice though! Hope there will be a great 3rd/1st person pirate game soon, cause we really need it. Aye, Capt'n!!"
76561198133143392,Recommended,413710,26099891,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,jmen_07,"I've been a lover of pirates for a long time (yes i know they weren't as glorious as it looks, shut up, let me have my fantasies) and couldn't find any good pirate games to play for a long time. so far there are 2 that did a pretty good job: AC black flag and Blood & Gold: Caribbean. At first it might have been quite sloppy, but unlike many games, the game is still getting updated. It's quite nice so far and is only getting better in my opinion. I did and will again recommend this game to all my friends, because it's just so amazingly good."
76561198007215017,Recommended,413710,26030818,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,telamiina,"Mount and Blade with pirates.Devs did one mistake earlier as they released game to early with Caribbean name. Though they did continue work on it ,still do, and game is quite mutch more than it used to be.Lots of thing to do, good old M&B combat, ship combat, nice musics, working trading (eyes you can build your own trading empire in this), horse races, criminal missions etc.To me it is a good pirate game but reality is that engine is old and is starting to show. But as said it is still a best effort in this genre, hopefully devs can get better engine and more money to continue pirate games as they do have taste to it!So if you like pirates and M&B cant really miss with this!ARRRRR!! Whers me gold!!!"
76561198044961000,Recommended,413710,25775930,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Roryn,"For the combat, think ""With Fire & Sword"" but with less cavalry and more guns. Finally, I can make an all-infantry/musket army without worrying about those hussars breaking my ranks!P.S I've played more than it says; most of my hours are in the ""older"" version."
76561198015271039,Not Recommended,413710,27874302,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Barbarossa Bey,"Lag. Lag. Lag.My top 3 complaints.I have never seen such rubbish type of lag, and for what? A basic game on a basic engine?Even Total War games don't have that much lag.Fighting is not as good as the Vikings game; economy is bland; with new developers I hope they improve it compared to the disaster the previous donkies did."
76561198007404427,Recommended,413710,21217397,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,blindseye,"After 40 hours and one play though defeating the Brotherhood and capturing all of their bases and half a dozen from the Spanish (cheating heavily by exporting my main character, giving her ""lots"" more money, and then importing her back into the game):Pros:- If you like the mount and blade games and you like pirate games, you will like this game.- It plays very solidly on Windows 10 OS.- Don't let the Cons below sway you, as I said this is a very good game on the verge of becoming a great game with another update or two.Cons (listed for the developers):- Major bug, I just went to start a new game and the Start new Game option is greyed out. I deleted saved games, checked integrity of files, but can't seem to fix it.  Help! [I just changed my review to negative based on this bug until it is fixed and I can play the game again.]- All the major pieces are here, however there are some pieces left out from Warband, such as sieging cities/forts, you can only assault them.- The menus get a bit tideous at times, e.g., it would be nice to be able to move troops you purchase from the garrison directly to the fort and not have to transport them back and forth through the main character's company.- I have to redistribute crews before reaching port and I can fill my ships from the other ships easily. I understand there should be a certain minium sized prize crew to sail a ship (one is laughable, but you allow it), but the others I should be able to more easily move to my depleted crews on my core ships.- the little plus sign doesn't show up on the list of crew when you click their button on the Party screen, this is annoying, having to search through each to find which ones advanced during battles, and who is the screen so small? Why not just use the regular crew/party screen?- Another item basic to all mount and blade games that is missing is that you can't choose which ""captives"" you freed to bring into your company, it automatically chooses the weakest captives, from what I can tell. I could understand certain nationalities based on faction not joining, but... this sucks as it currently stands.- If you play as a pirate it would be fun after sea battles to be able to recruit sailors from defeated crews) or impress them if you are British, etc.).- The sea battles seem a little simplistic, they never seem to vary from head on encounters. And there is no way to command your other ships other than to anchor them. Needs work.- There is a very minor bug that caused a crash right after start up before I did anything (happened twice, no negative effect either time).- The game seems to be a little laggier than latest Warband."
76561198049530632,Not Recommended,413710,31541824,Posted: 4 May,all,marktulip76,"i want a pirate game that reflects the time. dark nasty battles. alot more quests. harder ship battles. batton down the hatches host the main sail you cur and you be nothing but a sea urchin and all that carp. did they ever used to say that? gets annoying after the first 500 times. this is the game find a ship give it grapes till they have no more crew, go onboard take it sell it to a port, thats the whole game. no hard managment system. also you spend no time in combat. this should be the main game machanic and it none existent. i hope they try making this game again with the new mount and blade engine. there is alot of promise fo this type of game. just needs to be alot better exicuted."
,Not Recommended,413710,19743697,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Salakau,This should have remained in development hell
,Recommended,413710,35120866,Posted: 21 September,all,JamesXCJuggalo,its allright but buggy got bored quick perfer the main mount and blades.
76561198138664997,Recommended,413710,35250773,Posted: 27 September,all,Captjack02,In my opinion it is a very fun and enjoyable game but it also could use alot of work it has the potential to become an amazing game if they could work out the bugs and add a more diversity of units
