user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198078250082,Recommended,413870,20653595,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,danny1145,"The story mainly told throughout this Visual novel is dark, disgusting, and vile. To me, the macabre events put this on par with popular horror VNs like Saya no Uta. I haven't completed the game yet, but I think I have a pretty firm grasp of the storyline so far.  The grim tale told throughout involves despicable, inhumane acts that made even me feel a bit shocked.The game throws all of these things at you without any warning or mercy. It all holds a touch of realism, however, which makes it all the scarier.  Many of the characters are immoral, none more so than the protagonist himself.None of the characters are infallible, and that is shown quite early on. Death is often meaningless and quick as a flash, often without warning. This all adds to the grim reality that the story paints. Crime often goes on without any repercussions, and the rich can get away with just about anything they want. Meanwhile, the protagonist and his sister go through a series of life changing events and by the time the story starts, the protag is desperate to keep his sister from living a life of poverty and cruelty. The stress eventually gets to him and his boss is the one to finally drive him off the deep end. As the story unfolds, it follows the MC's descent into madness and a life of inescapable crime.The art is alright, but the character designs leave something to be desired, considering many of the men look like girls, one of whom is the crime lord the protag works under. Other than that, its passable and does not take away from the story. The writing is pretty good so far, and I have not experienced any typos whatsoever. Sometimes the writing seems a bit amateurish though. Some of the sentences suffer from awkward wording, but its probably just a nitpick.The game does have one problem that I just can't get around, even if it is just my personal opinion. At first, the protagonist seems to have some moral values, but he eventually just throws that out the window, completely contradicting most of his earlier actions. I don't want to spoil it for anyone, but for me it was a major dealbreaker. It made me hate the protagonist beyond belief because his actions seem nonsensical and ridiculous. I could attribute it to his loss of sanity, but as far as I know, its completely unavoidable. To me, it seems out of character and made me lose any type of sympathy for him.Either way I say pick this one up. The writing and story definitely make up for the unlikeable protagonist. The story is very gripping and holds quite a bit of tension at some points. I can say with absolute certainty that this visual novel is worth the price for me and makes for a nice break from all the Slice Of Life visual novels that have been coming out lately."
,Recommended,413870,33455161,Posted: 11 July,all,Vidservent,"Sick and bored of normal story VNs about everyday life, a hero on a journey, a guy surrounded by beautiful girls, solving murders and mysteries? Looking for something unusual, dark and filled with bloodshed? Then Sickness is the VN for you!It's not exactly a groundbreaking story or anything but it's not often you get to play the bad guy. A lot of small details are overlooked and despite being titled ""Sickness"" we never get an explanation about it nor did it have a huge impact in the story, they mentioned that the MC got a head injury and stayed at the hospital but never explained what exactly happened :PSo, just stroll in the life of Suoh Tesla a 17 year old dropout doing all he can to get money in this horrible town."
,Recommended,413870,20922016,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"This is the VN I’ve been waiting for: it’s disturbing, violent, bloody… God, I simply LOVED this story. It’s full of surprises, and your choices actually matter while playing. The art is okay (regarding characters and CGs), backgrounds were nicely done, background songs are also nice and they catch the spirit of the story.If you like cute and happy VNs, this one ISN’T for you. But if you are looking for a more mature experience without the exaggerated fanservice which 98% of VNs have, please try this game. I hope to see more works like this one!10/10. Oh, it would be awesome if developers could release DLC content like an art book or soundtrack!"
,Recommended,413870,20663038,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,♥Cyka Blyat♥,"Love dark stories?Love death in general?Love humour in general?Love murder and violence?Then this is the VN for you.The MC of this VN is Suoh. He used to be normal, but all that changed after his parents were killed in a freak accident and he was hospitalized - losing memories whilst at it. His insanity (hearing voices to be more precise) is what he calls his Sickness. Because his parents' accounts were frozen, he needed money to support both him and his sister. What better way for a teenager to get cash then to work in the underground? Especially if said teenager has no guilty conciousness to speak off one bit."
76561198042864202,Recommended,413870,20707612,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Materia User,"When I first looked at this my initial impression was the overall look was pretty lackluster even for Visual novels. That said The premise was interesting enough for me to instabuy it when I saw it.Was it worth it? Hell yeah.The Characters all have faults, motivations, and believable backstories. Evil people aren't evil just for the sake of being evil - though sometimes thier motivations make you cringe, they are still believable.And that's actually the one thing I could mention as a con for some people. This game has some dark elements to it which is to be expected if you read the description but many characters in here including the main character have traits you will not like. I think it makes the story better, but you may feel it is simply too dark.There is some good replayiblity here. I think I got the best ending but there are plenty of scenes I have yet to unlock, so I know there is a lot I am missing.This isn't a scary game - it's a psychologically dark one."
76561198070920223,Recommended,413870,23813233,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ragnarok Ender,"This is a great VN. No if, and, or buts about it. The subject matter is very mature and features a protaganist that has very little moral compass. I got this during the Steam summer sale and after playing if would have payed full price. I played it all the way through without many breaks as the story kept me enthralled. I also have to give this game a huge plus in the fact that is has the gall and gumption to actually follow through a real sister route (somehting I have been unable to find on Steam before). So if you're like me, and this is your cup of tea, it was a very well written arc and the first one I experienced. If you're on the fence on this game then I hope this review can tip you into getting it."
76561198120498361,Recommended,413870,20937892,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sensei-Malfunction,"This game was really enjoyable and I like it a lot.The art is nice, its smooth to look at, while the CGs goes in contrast with a more rough lines. That actually fits when its time to kill.The music is good, fits the atmosphere and add to the mood. Escpacially when it starts to stress up, it really plays with the emotions, and you start to worry as the main character does.The story is intressting, and the choices matters, and alter the the way it goes, which makes it a reason to try other alternativs and play it more than once. Also its fun to make choices when the kills are about to be executed. You are a part of how well it goes to an extent.The text is well written, and the language is easy to read, good gramma, and does not repeat itself very often, variety in word choices. Which prevent you to get tired of it and  keep reading.Also the balance between his job and family is very good, and never gets boring.The characters are likeable, funny, and alive. No one has a flat personality. And I really like Karasu .. lol, its a shame that there is no CG of him .. and his pretty hair. Haha.Sai on other hand, he is more smooth, but in the CG:s, he looks older and the cheek bones are well defined and he looks more dangerous. When its just the model, then he does not have those features. :S The artists should have drawn that similar at least.Other things that could be improved, is the muder scenes, they are well drawn, but many of them are from the same angle, with Souh ( The main character ) having his knife at someones throat or back and has the some zoom close up. ( Although Souh is very good looking in those pictures, heee.)Even if the story is very well writtien, still sometimes can there be a little holes between the events. Not that it disturbs that much, since it mostly whole and captivating. And perhaps normal that there is no need to think about the past, when it wont haunt you to the present, move on; and focus.But the first victim by his hands, disappears entirely, no news, nor cops.The boss of a company vanish as do two of his employeese.  If that does not sounds suspicious to the cops, then what the hell are they doing!? There is no description of how it was burid over, and that gnawed at me through out the game..While I really like brutal scenes and violence, that was really an attractive aspect of this game. But its fictional deaths and blood. I do not like this sort of things when it happens in reality. And that is the creepy part, while its not nessecary to reflect upon on a philosophical degree, as you can enjoy it as just a story as it is.Still, this game made me think of how the socity can shape murders. The failure in grasping the ones that fall, instead ignoring them. The fallen ones may comeback in brute force in ''revenge'', due to negelect, desperation, and  the suffering are those, like us, sitting at the computer and thinking. Only because the socity is damn flawed ... The law that prohibited muder,  shaped a killer. Then who is the real crimminal? The one who did not care or the desperat? This does not apply to all crimminals etc etc, still ... its a food for thought. ( At least for me )Also that this game makes me sympthies a little for Souh, even if he is a assassin, this game made me more angry at the idiots from his old school, and as he thinks, they beg for to be sliced open. Shaping a killer as I mentioned, still their deeds, as much as I hate them, they are particular harmless compared to Souh's. Or maybe a part of Souh's crimes ... indirect. The author did put in this very well, to give it such an effect.The creators or their creation, which holds the true responsibility? Still, no matter, there is no good excuse to commit crime! NEVER! Whether the reason, and whos fault ... Its horrible that this is happening in real life .... And its a pity that no matter what I say, it does not change a thing ...I recommend this game, for the story, that made me sit up late at night. If you like brutal storys and VN:s, since that was that what caught me. If you are paranoid, then ... maybe not, since its kind of creepy to think that someone might break in to ones house .. due whatever reason. Or that a knife might greet one through the heart. Haha.Since sadly it does happen.........................................................10/10, there is no need to think, just read and enjoy. Or both, since that was I did. Since its a fictional story after all. So please reality, keep it fictional.:)"
76561198048868625,Recommended,413870,20712386,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,BeastInShadows,"Really great gamecan't say i care much for the ending, unless theres a (true ending) i didn't get."
76561198103645590,Recommended,413870,20739360,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Czarcasm,10/10 Would senselessly kill again.
,Recommended,413870,20716775,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,TehSheen,Visual novel with murder instead of fanservice. 10/10 would recommend again
76561198256347516,Recommended,413870,20944611,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Gameyo,in all it is just a wonderful story the game paces itself out very well though tends to get a bit dark at times. they're only 2 endings but personally I think booth are very intresting. in all this game deserves a 8/10 I'd definetly recomend buying.
76561198079951263,Recommended,413870,21967202,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Farcide,One of the best Vn's ive ever played period.  *spoilers I think*  It contains Ideas that can happen and usually do in the real world and so on. Long story short   	[/b]Im getting down with the sickness *pun intended*[/b]
,Recommended,413870,24287847,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,PhantomFall,"Dude,Being a psycho serial killer is fun....Also, being a psycho serial killer,and being payedto be a psycho serial killer while working for an underground crime boss, is awesome.10/10 would kill (virtually, of course) again"
76561198402103408,Recommended,413870,34786565,Posted: 6 September,all,andrewtrinh95,Would you get update to Violet route & I need you to fix unlock gallery page 11 Sara Incapacitated between 3-6 please?
,Not Recommended,413870,20827287,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ja,"80% crap fell asleep playing this game, most mundane mind numbing game/story.I just wanted a good quirky story could get hooked on and actualy care about the outcome,did not get that at all."
,Recommended,413870,22222314,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,CrazyBugLady,"I wanted to play this for quite some time. Already when I got to know about the project when it still was a wip, I wanted to play it, because it appeared to be quite something special... So I bought it and well... I can highly recommend it. 'Sickness' is all in all a very good game that offers you an enjoyable time, high quality art and a really intriguing story with different characters.It was well-written and the music as well as the soundeffects complimented the whole setting. The makers really knew their stuff, let me tell you. The characters were very different and likeable except for Sara actually, which I found to be really annoying and exhausting from time to time. I just didn't warm up with her. I mean, I clearly understand her importance to the story. Nevertheless she meant a constant bother to me. Partly this could be because of her weird relationship to her brother (and that's all I'm going to say about that, since I don't want to spoil it).As other reviewers already mentioned the story was dark. But don't back off just because of that. I'm easily scared but I thought it still was alright. The story is so good that it is worth reading.The art is - as mentioned - high quality. Even so I found it to be a little generic. That isn't a style I could recognize out of many artists. This didn't have a real impact on my overall experience, I just thought it was worth mentioning.Well that's about it. If you buy the game, I hope you'll enjoy playing it as much as I did."
76561198277582877,Recommended,413870,20741231,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,fan1tasy,Interesting storyline and characters. The only thing that it's lacking is more choices throughout the game. But overall I enjoyed it.
76561198203143432,Recommended,413870,21414671,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,selenahallore,"(Ignore the time record for my review. I must have played over twenty hours of this game, and I usually do so while logged out of Steam. I have no idea why it doesn't recognise those hours, but that's Steam for you. ^_- )I really enjoyed this game. It can be really disturbing and creepy at times, but that is the best thing about the game. There is none of that 'sunshine and flowers' stuff, the unrealistic optimism and unbelievable sense of jubilance; this is created to show more of the real world, showing how a family can be so easily shattered in a short amount of time, and showing the horrific reality that exists underneath the wealth and privilege of Western society. If you like a dark story, and you are not afraid of knowing the ills of the world, then this game is for you.This story is not all darkness, though. There are some scenes that are quite funny, and there are others that are rather touching; but the dark story takes prominence. The exchanges between Suoh and his twin sister were my favourite.The only thing I didn't like it was the strange 'warning' before playing the game. In all honesty, if you bought the game rather reading the summary and some of the reviews, then you pretty much know exactly what you're getting yourself into by playing this visual novel. It ruined the surprise of some of the future scenes, and my gaming experience suffered for it, albeit mildly.There is so much more about the game I would wish I could talk about, especially in terms of orginal thoughts of the game in contrast to those after it, but to do that would spoil a lot of the story for future players. I wish there where private suggestion boxes or something on here, but little can be done to help with that."
76561198150910459,Recommended,413870,26886265,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Regang,"Ok,this game is really really funny,its story keeps you on game and it's really well done: the CGs are good (could have been made better,but hey,they do their job),the Soundtrack may not be something from John Williams but it's pretty good imo,the story is really interesting and the charcaters are quite good (even if they're kinda stereotyped) there a few moments in which they make you laugh hard.In general,it's really funny. Just try it."
,Recommended,413870,30912477,Posted: 2 April,all,Chunky,"Played through all four of the scenarios, and was impressed."
,Recommended,413870,30579595,Posted: 17 March,all,ChainReaction,This was one of the most enjoyable visual novel experiences that I have ever had.
,Recommended,413870,28235353,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Smartnik,Quite fun story despite trying too hard to be dark and twisted and falling flat with too lighthearted scenes and silly dialogues. The entire plot is also very hard to take seriously. But there aren't enough VNs about incestuous murderous sociopaths so it gets a pass.
76561198052333458,Recommended,413870,31239752,Posted: 19 April,all,Lulu,"TL;DR Sickness is an experience well worth every penny it costs!Now to the longer reason why it's worth to have in your library. The game is very different from one playthrough to another (given you don't make the same choices of course), every storyline is deep in its own way and sometimes events turn 180° from one scene to the other. Sickness is gripping, and soon after you start playing you will find yoursef going fast throught the scenes not because you want to finish one more game from your library and move to the next, or just get all the achievements, but because you can't wait to see how things will unravel. Without spoiling, I'll admit there were quite a few times I was caught off guard by the events in the story. So much infact that I'm not so comfortable to admit it was a game that moved me.The bottom line.Sickness is dark, sad, disgusting, intricate, disturbing, happy and memorable. It makes you think and feel as the characters do, and as of my two cents.... It's hands down a game I would recommend to visual novel lovers in a heart beat  :)"
,Recommended,413870,30068709,Posted: 20 February,all,Calypso,This game was simply amazing. The story is riveting and beyond imaginative. The game doesn't force you to overthink your descisions and resultd in a casual story that you wont forget anytime soon. I seriously can't believe this game isn't an anime. 10/10 all the way around.
76561198066947979,Recommended,413870,34007906,Posted: 3 August,all,Nelden,"Sickness is definitely one of the best visual novels that I had the luck to play. The art is not bad but it is not any master piece. However, the story of this game is a really good one. It’s unique, realistic and quite relatable. It shows how things on the world aren’t black and white and explore a quite interesting theme such as what a common person may be capable to do to protect and guarantee the survival of those close to them. It’s interesting that despite the clearly “evil” and ♥♥♥♥ed up actions that the main character do during the game you also feel that it would be hypocritical to label him as evil, and you cannot change your view regarding that because even when the main character eventually becomes completely amoral, he still human and quite relatable, and it makes you ask yourself even if you would do any different of what he did .The story in itself is also always interesting, I won’t lie that every time that I had to turn of the computer to do something else I wanted to stay a little longer playing the visual novel. And although sickness is a really dark, demented and well … sick it is also a truly deep story that make us question ourselves and challenge some of our views of the world. Oh and if you came here expecting fanservice I suggest you to turn back and go after something like sakura beach because although there is a few fanservice moments they are truly rare during the game, also if you cannot handle heavy violence this is not also a good game for you since there is a lot of it in this game (although it is not overly exaggerated like psp version of corpse party) . I hope to have helped to you at least give a glimpse of what great game this is."
76561198367293508,Recommended,413870,34665982,Posted: 1 September,all,raduargento,"Sickness is a really unique game. I don't want to say much, as going in pretty much blind is best. From the very first scene you really have no idea where the plot is going. I'd say every hour or so something new is introduced, so it always keeps you guessing and has some brutal surprises.It is a very dark game about embracing your dark side, so it is not for everyone. But it does balance it all well, as there are many funny moments of dialogue during the lighter scenes. And that is what works so well overall. It is how it balances more day to day activities with the dark side of life. It manages to keep things more grounded in reality even as things just keep getting more violent and dark.The characters ended up being much more well developed than expected. Two really stood out to me in particular. One of them seemed very grounded, but was so full of contradictions and busy lying to themselves that they came off as very human to me. Overall the dialogue is very precise. It is well written and to the point, which really helped keep the pacing tight. No one goes off on long, unrealstic speeches to drive the plot forward or anything like that. It just flows naturally.The pacing at times may be a little too fast, though. There were a couple of times that the plot continued on after what I considered an important event and I was thinking ""Wait, we're not exploring what just happened any further?"". But overall, the pacing is a good thing.The thing I was most hoping for were a lot of choices. There were a few at the start, but as the game progressed  you began having a ton of choices. You have dialogue options, choices of where to go and of how to physically handle situations. So I was very happy it delivered in that area.The game took me a few nights to play, so it's actually pretty long. I left steam running, but I'd guess it was probably at least 8 hours long for just one playthrough. And there are many paths I didn't take yet(judging by the photo gallery).All around a really dark, but fun title. This is the first game I purchased on Steam due to the plot sounding interesting, and I'm very glad I did."
,Recommended,413870,35415288,Posted: 2 October,all,Riku114,"I really do enjoy this game. I've only done one playthrough (plan to do more) but it left a really good impression on me. Ultimately it has a really good story for one to follow with, especially if the usual peaceful / happier Visual Novel type is beginning to bore you. This is even more so if you are a borderline sociopath that loves to kill people but really cant find another escape for that but through animated visual novels that allow you to act in such a manner....what......WHAT. Im not talking about me. Just a general statement.Thus what I get for trying to add a spike of humor to my review man. *humph*"
,Recommended,413870,35426850,Posted: 2 October,all,BeiSei,"WARNING: This is my first actual real review.Having just finished the newly added last route, I just fell in love with this VN all over again so I felt I had to write a review.Pros:An enthralling story that sucked me in almost immediatelyAmusing character interactions (I love the chemistry between Suoh and Cecilia)Lovely love interests (Ceciliaand Misa, not Sara)Some choices that can impact the story and endingFitting sound effectsCons:There were a few boring scenesCharacters have a different art style in CGs compared to their sprites (one character looked so different I didn't realize who she was at first)I personally think that all endings are a little lacklustreThings to note:There is an incest route if that's your thingI can't tell you about the music because I had it turned off so that I could listen to my own music insteadBeing around the same age as Suoh made it easier to be immersed for me personally"
