user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,414340,34167788,Posted: 11 August,all,HollowPointer,"This is my first steam review, and it probably won't be read in the sea of other comments on this title, but I felt that despite years of gaming (okay, decades) I've never felt the urge to strongly recommend a purchase until now. Sure, there are things I would have preferred to be more complex, spoilt by the combat systems of Dark souls and the Witcher, but what's so special about this game is the storytelling and the creative courage Ninja Theory bring.This isn't just a game. This is a sincere artwork, using game design, to tell the most compelling story about psychosis I've ever experienced. They did their homework, not just with the depiction of mental illness, but also on the wonderful Norse mythology, joyously wrestled from the bubblegum claws of Marvel studios and told with all its blood and guts and grim darkness.Senua is easily the most human heroine I've seen in any game ever, and while there have been more 'strong' female characters, there's no heroism like the heroism of the truly broken and crippled. She has to fight her demons, and it's all the more meaningful because unlike fem-Shepard who eats Reapers for breakfast, you can see in the gorgeously motion captured performance of Senua's face, that she is truly terrified as she fights.This game is short. This game probably has awful replay value. All the same, this game is a MUST play."
,Recommended,414340,34343360,Posted: 18 August,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 9.1 / 10Quality8.7/10High quality indie game (Ninja Theory)Performance9/10No crashes or lags, smooth 60fps in 1080p (~45 fps in 4k)Utility8/10Auto-save only; No cloud save or Linux/Mac support yetControls9/10Great, intuitive controls with pad - kb+m not recommendedGameplay9.5/10An original walking sim spiced up with combat & puzzlesChallenge10/10Not too easy, nor too hard; 3 difficulty grades and perma-deathContent9/10~10h long cinematic experience; Alt. ending and collectablesDiversity9/10Fresh gameplay mix for an actually story-driven horror tripImmersion10/10Captivating atmosphere & soundscape; Poetic, legendary storyDesign9/10Magnificent design makes this a timeless masterpieceVisuals9/10Bit generic, but top-notch animations and unique visual twistsSound9/10Ingenious: A+ voice overs (English only) & well fitting OSTTexts10/10Epic plot about sanity, love & death with historic backgroundMapping8/10Great level design, but mostly quite linear and limited areasInterface9/10Almost completely HUD-less with puristic menus; Poor subtitles🎧You should use headphones for the most authentic simulation of inner voices.🐥I recommend to start on 'Easy', as there are some instant death opportunities!...what makes this game so special?Apart from being high quality entertainment, it's also meant to let the player experience certain symptoms of a psychosis, like hearing inner voices or weird changes of perception. It was done in cooperation with experts on the topic, aswell as several people suffering from that particular mental disorder sharing their experiences. There's a short, but well arranged making-of video (about 25 minutes) linked in the main menu, including interviews of those people and the devs, which will help you to interpret the events of the story correctly and will probably change your perspective on the game - highly recommended to be watchedafterthe first playthrough.Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitIntel® Core™ i7-7700K, 4 x 4.2 GHzNvidia MSI GTX 1080 (8GB DDR5)16GB DDR4 RAM; Samsung SSD (23.04 GB)Settings:Very Low,Low,Normal,High, Very HighIf you liked this review check out mycurator pageorarchiveand see how other games scored!"
,Recommended,414340,34095534,Posted: 7 August,all,r2j2612,"Do not play without HEADPHONES. AT. ALL.EDIT: The real fun for me was actually sometimes ending up looking back hearing a ""Watch out"" over the headphones. You may have an awesome sound system (I dont) but still, the experience changes a lot over headphones.FYI - There is a lot of walking and finding symbols, easy puzzle solving with an easy to master combat. If that isnt your type of game,you probably wont like this. If you seek Environment, Immersion, Good story - Welcome home my friend. You & me both found what we were looking for.First thing first, running solid 60fps at 1920x1080p res on a Ryzen 1600 & RX-580. No stutter, no lag. Very high preset. Two bugs encountered in entire game.The graphics were bleak. Very bleak. The first 15minutes sets up the tone of the game. The much talked about binaural voices and the initial psychosis plays out right in front of you. And the voices get creepy over time. EDIT: Really really creepy as the game progresses.The concept of Rot is also nice. Cool exposition on Norse mythology along the way.Combat isnt too tough to master. (Just would have preferred a different button to Parry / Block attack tbh, changed it anyways)Also, Melina Juergen's performance as Senua. TOP NOTCH. The motion capture shines in later stages as you can actually feel the angst of Senua.Oh and there is a cool photo mode in the game.Story : This is a clear and simple Love story between Senua &Dillion. The way the story is presented through flashbacks and voice overs, gives it that much a tragic touch. ThedemonsSenua fights, both in theWorld & in her Headis what makes this conflict that much interesting. Sometimes it blurs the line (e.g in one instanceSenua refers a monster to her father).And that endingis something I am not going to spoil here, because it was confusing in a lot of ways. Too CONFUSING!! You fell for it, didnt ya? XDThe Mental Disorder part has been presented in a way that it literally made my jaws drop.Flashing colors , Blackness, Hallucinations, Voicesactually ends up being disorienting in game.This is probably one the best ""Campaign"" mode games released this year so far (for PC).Hats off to Ninja Theory. I wouldnt have mind paying the AAA prices for this game"
76561197970410449,Recommended,414340,34127527,Posted: 9 August,all,WhatsUnderMyKilt,"How best to enjoy Hellblade1. Stop Reading reviews on this game.2. Get a set of good headphones set up.3. Don't read any guides4. Go nuts.But if you INSIST on reading a review I will try very hard to relay some fine points of the game in order to help you decide if you would like it without giving anything away. That by the way is a very difficult task.1. The pace is very slow, you will have long periods in between combat.2. The sound and graphics are the best I have played in years.3. The combat is completely devoid of ornementation. No skill points to earn, no weapons or inventory to upgrade/manage, no quick time events (thank god), and only one special power. Essentially it's just your skills of observation and reflexes against some tough enemies that want you dead.4. The puzzles are a large part of the game and rely on non isometric level design (think of a dumbed down antichamber).None of that is why I consider this the best game I have played this year. It's the story, and the deep immersion in the way the devs manage to connect you with the character. It is one of those games that shows that a game can transend just being fun, and become meaningful art.If you want a great hack n slash....skip it (the combat is good, but better can be had). If you want to enjoy masterful storytelling, this game is a must play."
76561198066253605,Recommended,414340,34138813,Posted: 9 August,all,SABINA,"A Beautiful and Innovative MasterpieceI was initially excited to play Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice because of the celtic mythology themes and settings. While it is the most involving and seriously visceral treatment of the subject that I've experienced in a game, it has turned out to be so much more.There are those who want so much to see beyond the veil. But when they finally do, all they want is to cover their eyes and pretend that what they've seen doesn't exist.StoryThe story is the fundamental feature of this game. Certainly it deals with the richly textured mythos of the ancient celts, but from the vantage of a character that may be unique in gaming. I have to say that I was, and still am, more than a little irritated by the intro screen from the devs addressing the depictions of psychosis in the game. To me, this is a spoiler. As good as the story is, it would have been so much better if they had allowed the player to gradually realize this aspect on their own, as it unfolded in the narrative. Instead, as the true nature of the character and her circumstance becomes more apparent, it has lost all its impact. We already assumed as much from that intro from the devs. And they did address the theme in full detail in the video that one could view at any time, but best viewed after completing the game. So this spoiler screen was completely unnecessary.That being said, it is still a powerful and moving story full of universal truths and existential wisdom. It is groundbreaking for its treatment of the central subject, the role it played in the character's society, and the effects of stigmatization still present today. It brings to mind the old saying, ""Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.""http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1104885933Visuals/SoundThe game is visually gorgeous. Ranging in theme from horror to fantasy, historical and surreal, it is among the very best uses of the Unreal Engine 4 that I've seen. It would have been nice to have advanced options for post-processing features so that I could turn off chromatic aberration, but it's a minor detail. With both Nvidia Ansel support and its own photo mode, the game is a screen archer's dream.Character models, animations and expressions, are digitally rendered from live-action actors, lending these aspects an ultra realistic look and feel.Also worthy of note is the excellent sound design. Ninja Theory put a lot of work and emphasis on this aspect of the game and it has certainly paid off, adding to the atmosphere of the game in a way that has to be experienced to be fully appreciated.These qualities set the production values for this game very high.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1104952378GameplayAnother of my initial expectations about this game was that it would be an interactive movie, having learned the average play time and seen some cinematics. I was, happily, wrong. The combat is fun and fluid, with a variety of difficulty settings to suit anyone. I would liken it in style to the Batman series or Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor. While not as complex or involving as those combat styles, it has the same feel, with blocks and dodges, heavy and light attacks, and truly satisfying slow motion finishing moves.Along the way there are many puzzles that I found to be fun and innovative. I love puzzle games and have not encountered any similar. They deal mainly with pattern recognition in the environment, or in reconciling a dissonance in patterns. Having watched the video from the devs at the end of the game and learning their reasoning for this style of puzzle, I find them all the more interesting.I love that there is no hud, no user interface, no hovering directions to ""Push F to interact."" This is refreshing, and rare in games. The things that can be interacted with are logical and fairly apparent with a little exploring and expirementing. It is a facet of the game that adds immensely to the realism and immersion.Detractors may accuse the game of being linear rather than open-world. But in my experience, an open-world setting doesn't always work well for some games. Here, the gameworld is a means to an end, that end being the telling of the story. So the world design and progression feels natural and right for the story. It is not entirely linear, there are many areas to explore. But in the instances where there was a clear path, I was glad for the guidance.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1105593243ValueI had thought that 29.99 US would be a hard sell for a 6 hour game. At an average of 5 dollars an hour to play, it had better be something truly extraordinary. That's exactly 5 times more than the highest I am usually willing to pay. But it took me just over 11 hours to complete, and earn all the achievements, over the course of two days. It seemed like much longer, because this game-world is dense, no filler here. And I can honestly say that if it had only taken 6 hours, it still would have been worth every penny.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice reminds me why i play video games to begin with; to be transported to other worlds, other realities. To suspend disbelief. To live as another, if only vicariously, if only for a short time. No other medium achieves this quite as well as video games, and few games achieve it as well as this one.Bravo Ninja Theory, Bravo. All I can say is, more please."
76561198038734122,Recommended,414340,34233865,Posted: 14 August,all,Morti,"This isn't a game, it's an experience."
,Recommended,414340,34460981,Posted: 24 August,all,Astronac,"Lines from the Creator of this masterpiece...""Mental illness has been with us as long as we have been on this earth, but why ? Why hasn't evolution stamped out this weakness from within our gene pool ? I often Pondered this question until I realized that the question had an in-built flaw. It assumes that being and thinking differently is a weakness. The only reason we have computers, spacecraft, medicine, poetry, art and yes even video-games, is because individuals were able to simulate new abstract realities in their mind and share them with the rest of us. We need people to be willing to see differently in order for us to progress as a society. And we need to be open to these new ways of seeing. And it is this spirit that motivated me to create Senua's story and share it with you.""My Review...Exceedingly atmospheric, this game runs deep in your mind, somewhat philosophical too, wisdom peers throughout the entirety of the game.A beautiful & unprecedented approach to storytelling. Sound engineering is outstanding aswell.A Must Buy & Must Experience."
76561198150621906,Recommended,414340,34190340,Posted: 12 August,all,ftaplin23,"Probably the most immersive game I've ever played and definitely one of the most beautiful. The audio is also on another level compared to any other game on the market. I HIGHLY recommend you play with headphones on, won't be the same experience if you don't. Combat doesn't have any real depth but it's fluid and satisfying. Story has been awesome so far and the character performances are excellent. I have enjoyed the puzzles as well. They are not too difficult but require you to think and pay attention. No game has ever sucked me in and held my attention with a vice-like grip as this game has. If you enjoy immersive, story driven games then you absolutely should not pass on this game."
76561197991983606,Recommended,414340,34209626,Posted: 13 August,all,Peter,"Beautiful, terrifying, and captivating. Unlike anything else I've played."
,Recommended,414340,34584897,Posted: 29 August,all,KillingArts,"Hellblade might be the most atmospheric game I’ve played in years. Ninja Theory combines Norse mythology with the beautifully developed character Senua, who is plagued by psychosis. She hears whispering voices. Lots of them. All the time. Those voices tell her what to do, or what not to do. Sometimes they reveal things from Senua’s past, tell little stories, other times they try to encourage her, or even predict her certain demise. Only one thing is certain – they won’t stop talking. Not ever. They are also the main reason why you absolutely should play the game with a headset.This is in my eyes Hellblade‘s strongest element. There is constant feel of insanity and not only because of the voices in your head. The environment often changes, based on your mental state. When Senua just can’t bear it anymore, starts screaming in agony and despair, the voices in her head get louder and the world around you transforms into an even darker, dirty looking place. These are the most intense, atmospheric moments I have seen in a video game in a long time. And you often wonder if what you see is actually happening – you are in a very dark, mythical place after all – or if it all just takes place in your mind. Here reality becomes a very questionable concept.While having incredible atmosphere, Hellblade’s combat system is pretty standard for the most part. You have light and heavy attacks, which you can use to perform combos, you can block, evade and parry (timing is important here), as well as a kick attack. The game does not tell you how to do any of these things, yet you will learn everything on your own in no time – which I find fascinating in a way. It is almost refreshing to have a game that does not flood the screen with button prompts and tutorial messages. You also have sort of a time-slowing power that charges over time. That one can be of great help in situations with multiple enemies. While the combat system might not be particularly innovative, it is very well implemented and definitely a lot of fun. In between the fights you mostly solve rune puzzles and those are probably the only thing I can truly criticise about the game. You usually have a closed gate with a rune on it, then you have to search for the image of this rune in the surrounding area. The image often consists of several objects in the environment, for instance, you have to look at a pole and part of a hut at the right angle. While I certainly enjoyed these puzzles, they were the weakest part of the game and they are the only reason Hellblade doesn’t get the highest possible score from me.4.5/5Full review:http://pixeljudge.com/reviews/hellblade-senuas-sacrifice/"
,Recommended,414340,34096453,Posted: 7 August,all,Trash Gordon,"Let me preface this by saying I am in no way implying I know what it is like to live with the disease that is schizophrenia/psychosis, nor am I going to pretend to.It is the core theme of the game, so much so that the first thing that you see when booting up the game is information about the disease.- I wholeheartedly recommend the game be played with headphones, you will miss out on a large component of the game if you do not.- From the onset, a few voices are constantly bombarding you, with more joining along the way. They talk over each other, while it can be frustrating when trying to listen to one voice, I believe it is the intention of the developer to do so.- You're thrown into the deep end from the onset: no tutorial, no map, nothing. Look up the controls before you start. This is a little annoying, but there are only a few controls to memorise.- The game is very pretty, environments and effects look great. Special mention to Senua, her mo-cap looks amazing.- Combat is satisfying if somewhat basic, although I've only had a couple battles so far.- There are some basic puzzles in the game, like finding patterns to open gates, these can be tricky as there is no prompting to do it.- Did I mention these voices are hounding you the whole time? When there is silence, it feels somewhat eerie and unnerving.- The core mechanic that adds challenge to the game: you are affected by 'the rot,' the disease within Senua that will destroy her mind once it reaches it. The kicker is that every time you die/fail, the rot extends its reach through your body. Once it reaches Senua's mind, it's GAME OVER, and you lose all progress and have to start the game from the beginning.- It's a nice callback to games of old, a nice change of pace to the 'no fear/reload save' mentality of modern games.- This isn't for everyone.I'm only around an hour in so far, so thoughts can change. I imagine the game itself will change based on its core concept.I'm enjoying it so far."
,Recommended,414340,34359245,Posted: 19 August,all,Gatsu,"This game is a masterpiece, one of the best I have ever played, it actually belongs to the category that feels to be more than a game. Ninja Theory tackled an important topic in the game, mental illness. Your mind can be your worst enemy. It's an incredible journey and gave lots of feels to me. I loved everything about Hellblade. Melina Juergens did AMAZING job as Senua, you really feel for her <(T_T)>. Other actors did flawless job too.The sounds, voice acting, story and graphics are mindblowing, with very immersive and sometimes scary atmosphere. Combat is quite simple, but intense. Reminded me a bit of Dark Souls combat, but with less movement and attacks. Boss battles are great. The price isn't too high. It also has photo mode <3.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1115144997Hellblade gives the old school game feeling back from the 90's, by erasing your progress if you die too many times, which is cool so you can't be too careless.Did I already say that the sound design and voice acting are mindblowing?  I could say it's the best sounds I've experienced in games, especially when using headphones <(^_^)>! Feels as if Senua would be right next to you, whispering to your ear. It feels incredible. Oh and the music is epic!"
,Recommended,414340,34190761,Posted: 12 August,all,Aleth,"The game took me almost 10h to complete and I didn't find every lorestone.First : If you're searching for a game with constant action, loots, customization etc. Don't get this game because you'll surely be disappointed. Hellblade isn't just a game.It's a ♥♥♥♥ing experience. Some people will say this is a walking simulator. I get it, you walk a lot in this game, but the walking isn't bad since you'll travel to a lot of beautiful places (and i mean really beautiful), and find some stones and dialogues about the lore and Senua's past.Talking about Senua, this is one of the greatest character i've played in a long time. She's beautiful, simple, human (Yeah, i'm sorry guys, no need to sexualize a character to make it powerful). You know she's strong but she hides her strength inside of her. Also, she's a broken woman, totally lost in her mind and you'll see her going from a weak desperate woman to a powerful character who will overcome everthing to get to her goal.The sound design is marvelous, and it's one of the best the game has to offer. ASMR and mental illnesses are really well transcripted to the game and it leads the player to get lost, angry, disorientated... Sometimes you'll find some clues in those voices. Sometimes they'll help you out in  battle, you just need to focus and be really careful about your senses. Because yes, the game uses a lot of your perception. What can't be seen can be seen, what can be heard can be a ruse.Gameplay speaking, the walking part is really simple. Added to that, you'll find puzzles every now and then, and they'll use your perception of the surroundings. You'll have to find runes, reconstruct a broken object with a certain point of view, distance, height. The combat sections are great. Some will find the gameplay to be simplistic, but it's not, I repeat, an action game. The fighting elements are here to let you overpass Senua's memories. You can do light attacks, heavy ones, evade, parry, and a melee attack to stun your foes. As I said, it's great. Past a certain points, the fights get more tense as you'll battle against multiple enemies at a time, and with a musical score like this, it's marvelous.Story side, well, I can't say much about it, I don't wanna spoil the game for you guys. But it's top notch. I've never been that much amazed this year (except for Nier Automata and Hollow Knight). This is great story telling and writing. Voice acting adds a lot to the immersion, and the atmosphere is great. It's like you're going from a real horror, going from struggle to redemption. I don't know how to describe this without saying anything about it. But play it.Seriously Ninja Theory, I'll gladly buy your other games if you keep the same formula. Hellblade is incredible. And now i'm freaking sad because I don't know which game to play after this experience."
,Recommended,414340,34540178,Posted: 27 August,all,icegull,"""You don't have power on me!!!""One of the best games for last 2 or 3 years!!!Please buy such games to help the game industry to develop."
76561198082610824,Recommended,414340,34096173,Posted: 7 August,all,Ocelot,"The hardest battles are fought in the mind.Hellblade:Senua's Sacrifice is an independent AAA game, made by a small team of around 20 people who had a combined goal. To make a game that is AAA in quality, production, and content but at half the price. They have also stated the game will also be about half the length of a AAA game (7-10hours) Rather than focusing on padding, dlc and stuffing as much as they can to make gamers believe they've gotten their moneys worth, they have focused on polishing all the fine details. They have made story telling, unique diverse characters and quality the top priority. Starting with 1 part and not stopping until its perfected then moving onto the next and so on, they are putting quality over quantity.This certainly shows in their developer diary, I found the whole process from start to finish very interesting. From day 1 early concepts to overcoming challenges and making breakthroughs in the field of motion capture facial and body animations to utilizing real life experts in the fields of neurology and mental health to make sure their game is accurate and does not misrepresent those who have experienced psychosis and mental illness. I'm glad to see a game that is focusing on story, characters, and unique gameplay, exploring an issue that is very often misrepresented and misunderstood by the larger gaming community. The passion, drive, and creativity are all there amongst this small team.I believe it's very important for gamers to support and encourage developers like Ninja Theory, they have hit all the right notes here. If this game becomes a success perhaps we can see some of the big developers respark their imagination and creativity and venture into new IP's and projects, as opposed to re-releasing titles every 6-12months that have no polish, full of bugs, have poor or no story telling, have no atmosphere or just no love and pride in their work.EDITSeeing as though a lot of people have requested gameplay I thought I would add it on. Hellblade is from a 3rd person perspective close behind Senua as opposed to the traditional further 3rd person aspect. There is no UI/hud or any tutorials but everything can be found in the menu and whilst easy to learn the combat and controls may be tough for some to master. I love they have done this as it removes any unnecessary clutter or distractions during gameplay, allowing you to focus solely on the puzzles and combat.The combat plays like hack and slash with a dash of dark souls style parry timings which open up your enemys to devastating combos, Iv played through on hard and I found it to be challenging but not overall hard. I am however a very seasoned veteran of all 4 dark souls games and mighty Bloodborne, some of the bosses are just a simple dodge when he swings and pick your punches but others introduce more complex elements which can put you on the spot (I want to avoid spoilers so I wont go into details)Whilst some may complain the constant runes/symbol puzzles are boring and or repetitive it has been done this way for a very good reason, many people who suffer mental health issues often fixate on simple objects and where as someone might see just some branches blowing in the wind they see something else entirely. This is well documented in many studies and I found it to be a great way to tie the 2 elements together.Overall the game isn't overall difficult even on the hardest difficulty but its a very fun playthrough which challenged me enough that I never got bored. Combine that with the gorgeous visuals, slick fast combat and the aforementioned reasons above. Hellblade:Senua's Sacrifice is one of my favourite games of 2017 so far.I also found the rot feature quite interesting how it ties into Senuas mind as it slips and falls into darkness but its not quite what people think it is or what it does ;)Thank youI hope Hellblade will be a huge hit and success for both Ninja Theory and gamers alike.On a finishing note I was pleased to see many PC options implemented, including resolution support for 4K, uncapped frame rate and even ultrawide 21:9 support. The game looks gorgeous and runs very smoothly. This too is something we don't see from a lot of bigger developers who quite often focus on making console versions then porting them to PC leaving us with unoptimized poor products, Hellblade was also on PS4 and supports PS4 pro. Another lovely touch."
,Recommended,414340,34169177,Posted: 11 August,all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"Edited 09/02/17 for code fixYou have heard about the narrative, but was the fighting ditched?The quickest answer is no. The game-play is also an integral part of the game. Gaming history shows such combination isn`t new and to name a few, HellBlade is a new addition to the golden hall of fame.- The Last of Us- Resident Evil 2-Heavy Rain- Mass Effect 2-Add many others hereIs the low price related to short-length game?-You do a long game such as Alien Isolation, people complain.-You cut extra content to avoid complains, people complain.But a relatively short game can feel much more satisfying, if the content/action is abundant and well delivered. But the price is just the product of basic logistics. If you sell less expensive digital products, you'll have more hard earned paper. Maybe Bethesda can learn a thing or two with it. Like giving you a free HellBlade PDF comic in your game's folder. Learn that, Beth.Finally a female hero that isn't a Victoria's Secret modelBlood covering everywhere, dirt, mud, scratches, everything combined with her voice and always expressing watery emotions coming from her hazel blue schizophrenic eyes... My type of girl. I wish we could date in the next Verbeia shrine, she gets my neo-paganism a hard-on all for the unconventional reasons. No ʙᴏᴏʙs windows, no bubble ᴀss baiting, no skin exposure. Just an strong Celtic warrior with X chromosomes, a likable character for you. Lovable for me.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1107152327𝐌𝐘 𝐑𝐄𝐕𝐈𝐄𝐖 𝐈𝐒 𝐀𝐒 𝐅𝐎𝐋𝐋𝐎𝐖𝐒Story:This isn't the first time I play a game in which I'm feeling sad or worried for a character, gamey-games like Alice ''madness'' also did that to me, but it is the first time I actually care. As a psychologist student I feel safe to say Senua's mind is really broken inside, in subtle undertones not always exposed as you have heard. The only way to explain myself better without spoiling this game, and I promise I won't, is to diverge and go crazy.I have this theory that the TES series is trying to fool you into believing you're using magical items when they're just otherworldly. Like the Eye of Magnus. The main character's POV perceives it as magic and naming outcast beings as gods and sky-lifters as their main pantheon deity. Giorgio A. Tsoukalos would agree with me.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1107210568HellBlade integrates a psychological condition though, into the first wall of the running plot, instead of the unbreakable others like the 4th. I say this is a great first step for a game, about how the player perceive the main character - and how he perceives the world around him.Q:Should it stops there? Also, a female warrior looking for her lost love isn't a very common script in this awful misogynist world neither. Lots of disgusting threads are lurking around the hub. This reflects how some time wasters are ᴘɪssᴇᴅ by that game and how effective it is, for that matter.Finally something new. No classic ''man after his girl'' here. Most publishers hates that. They claim it isn't sellable.  But don't be mislead, despiste such realistic outcome, this still a fantasy game in essence.Be advisedthat there is a chance for you to see one of the most courageous move ever done to a AAA game, intelligently serving immersion.The safest way to tease the hell out of it is to leave a warning:be careful with the darkness, if you wish to continue.Gameplay:For obvious reasons, Arkham Series, Mad Max andThe Lord of The RingsShadow of Mordor has become comparative for high quality standards. The Arkham Knight doesn't feel human, more like Superman when fighting. Well, HellBlade pushes it more close to realism and less gamey. Ninja Theory, the guys behind DMC had two known qualities, level design and combat. But I qualify HellBlade as a hybrid with the best of both forms.Gameplay is immersive, I'll sort it in 4 sections:Fast pace brutality for a quick definition. You tend to predict the parrying mechanic, but that doesn't make things easy. Unfortunately, beheading and flying body parts aren't present in the final version... it  still brutal in many ways. It is actually heartbreaking to see Senua dying animation, if you fail.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1107210104Environmental Hazards are really chilling, so jumping around like a caped super monkey won't do the trick. You're often forced to focus attention when other games never bother, like climbing or traversing a gap.Where other games includes ''special ability'', this game does it but with a deep reach in madness and density. I'm not talking about the weapons. Her source of power isn't that mystical or fantastical, epic is to bypass psychosis. This is a real depiction of hero, overcoming  darkness to overcome even more darkness. Surviving to survive.As far puzzles are interesting, they tend to get saturated over time. But this game is so overwhelmingly enjoyable for me and so creative, that even in the poorest sections, the game manages to fill my joy -like when Senua is blinded and must solve a puzzle.To explain that I had to connect sound design with gameplay down bellow.Make sense if you think, such game needs a combat and gameplay that proper fits that dense reality, hence the need for the camera to be so close to the character. Of course you should expect residues of ''gamey'' mechanics, such timed dodges, blockings and intersected combos - and brutal finishing.Gameplay integrationLevel Design:Another state-of-the-art work was expected from the devs, and this is exactly what you will find in about every single corner of the game. Remember, gamey mechanics are needed, and you have 2 ways of engineering that: the right creative way or the wrong boring way.Graphics:The Sky-box is the first thing that mesmerizes me in games but If both are resonating with each other, then its a master piece. But I also love details, and for such dense reality, sharpened deep textures and good animations are pretty much in everywhere.Surface lighting and god-rays is really stealing the scene in that game for me.The face rendering is another state-of-the-art product, I never have seen anything like it plus all the good acting. You'll probably say ''Yeah,  L.A. Noire."" but the rendering there wasn't all that natural and limitations followed to some extent. Not seeing that here.Sound design:level design, graphics and sounds are intimately dependable of each other in HellBlade due some of its playable narrative. They're alone incredible, perfected in combo. Specially when multiple voices are separated in outstanding binaural, with graphical disturbances while you're walking and that can range from disorienting to bizarre, dangerous to helpful, all in the right way, mixing with gameplay. Scripted, they don't overstay your amusement, but that's fine.When you can feel the rain due its sound effects, when you can feel the cold of a pushing wind, when you can still hear the clash of metal, feel the heat over flames, despair over damnation or shouts of agony, then you give the game a ғᴜᴄᴋ*ɴɢ 10 for the team behind it. For the first time I want my main character to be happyand the damn universe tells me ''maybe''.If you will. This game was a love at first sight case, and I don't plan to leave it.Can Senua Smile?𝐀𝐍𝐃 𝐘𝐎𝐔 𝐆𝐈𝐕𝐄 𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐄𝐍𝐓𝐈𝐑𝐄 𝐆𝐀𝐌𝐄 𝐀 11 𝐎𝐔𝐓 𝐎𝐅 10 𝐈𝐅 𝐘𝐎𝐔'𝐑𝐄 𝐏𝐀𝐘𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐀𝐓𝐓𝐄𝐍𝐓𝐈𝐎𝐍 𝐈𝐓 𝐃𝐄𝐒𝐄𝐑𝐕𝐄𝐒"
,Recommended,414340,34135338,Posted: 9 August,all,Ezekiel_III,"This game is visual and audio masterpiece. The acting is some of the best I've ever experienced from any protagonist in any game.Warning: The focus of this game is the experience and NOT the gameplay. If you know that and still want to play, you will LOVE it. If you're looking for diverse combat and enemy variety, you will not. The difficulty slider will not make the game better.That said, the enemies and environments you encounter are among the best desgined and fleshed out in any game ever.Immersive, honest, and gorgeous. Totally recommend."
,Recommended,414340,34097209,Posted: 7 August,all,xXRagsXx,"To be honest, this game is a lot better than I expected.Pros:Immersion (probably the best part of the game). That feeling of that something is going to happen... Wow...Great story.Amazing soundtrack and voice acting.Astonishing graphics.The actress's performance is incredible.Combat is not that hard, but still enjoyable.Cons:As far as I have played, the game is kinda linear, but that is something I already expected (I don't care much about this, I'm only pointing it out)."
,Recommended,414340,34779446,Posted: 6 September,all,Saibot,"This Game was a mixed bag for me, but overall a positive experience!Despite its rough edges, Hellblade is often stunning, and approaches mental illness with a unique blend of traditional storytelling and interactive mechanics. If you’re more interested in a stylish action game, there are certainly better options out there, but one thing is clear:No game will give you the feeling like Hellblade does.+Impressive visuals and facial capture raises the bar+sound and visual distortions amplify the simulated psychosis+interesting story with cool indie movie vibe to it+the soundtrack is top-notch-gameplay repeats itself often particularly in the opening 2 hours-long sequences of walking around frustratingly designed areas throughout the gamePlaying Hellblade was a memorable experience"
76561198043068989,Recommended,414340,34207979,Posted: 13 August,all,Dead Red,There are two kinds of games; those where i skip the credits and those where i watch them. Hellblade is the latter. 9.5/10
76561197992213318,Recommended,414340,34169347,Posted: 11 August,all,javimars3000,One of the greatest game i've ever played. Truely a beautiful nightmare
,Recommended,414340,34107288,Posted: 8 August,all,woerdy,"After 8 1/2 hours i finished the game for the first time.And i have to say... i will play it again!Audio and visuell this game is so fantastic!An incredible atmosphere, masterclass storytelling and a fantastic melee combat.This game dont take your hand all the time, you have to discover things on your own!Senua ( and the actress behind) take you, so deep into the nordic mythology... It's just fantastic!Ninja Theory's Hellblade is my Game of the Summer 2017!I don't want to spoiler. But 29,99€ ist totaly worth!"
,Recommended,414340,34120018,Posted: 9 August,all,Novinka,"""Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice"" is truly and amazing game.For me the best part is the narration, you need to play on headphones to catch everything what is going on in there.This is important because you will get an important clues and information about the places and Senua life/situation.The art and sounds are very climate and very fit to the situation.The combat system is really nice. We don't have any HP bars for us or for enemies, we just fight till we kill. It's better to avoid not needed hits because you can't know which one will be lethal for you ;pAnd of course the story.>>>From the makers of Heavenly Sword, Enslaved: Odyssey to the West, and DmC: Devil May Cry, comes a warrior’s brutal journey into myth and madness. Set in the Viking age, a broken Celtic warrior embarks on a haunting vision quest into Viking Hell to fight for the soul of her dead lover.<<<Exactly...madness is everywhere in this game. But I will not spoil anything more.I can recommend this game and I approve it with thumbs up :)"
,Recommended,414340,34216823,Posted: 13 August,all,SHAKA,"It's a must play for anyone looking for something different from a stale game market.A game that i couldn't stop playing for hours at a day until i had it done.It's already for me a game of reference and can recommend it to anyone that wants a good story and a hell of a challenge. Although individual fights are not that difficult if you pay attention, it will surely test your stamina, patience and resilience.Tip: Grab some tissues to wipe the sweat off the controller."
,Recommended,414340,34463154,Posted: 24 August,all,Palin Freeborn,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a brilliant game, and among the best gaming experiences I've had in the last decade.The game is truly beautiful and engaging. Players take on the role of Senua, who has very deep psychosis and schizophrenia, as she ventures into the very heart of Norse Hel itself to find her lover, Dillion. The game doesn't explain much about how she gets there, or how she expects to pull off such a feat, but rather thrusts you into the game's atmosphere and world with every bit as much uncertainty as Senua herself. Many people in the review here are comparing this game to Spec Ops: The Line, and I overwhelmingly agree. While it does not contain the same level of mind-blowing revelation as The Line, it does maintain a very strong emotional core and connects the player deeply to their actions in-game.Elephant in the room: Senua's Sacrifice has a perma-death mechanic. As you progress, Senua acquires a magical rot in her hand that spreads up her arm if you fail. If the rot reaches her head, the game deletes your save and sends you back to the beginning of the game to try again. While many people would consider this to be a negative, I actually found it to be an overwhelmingly POSITIVE mechanic. It made my experience harrowing, much like Senua's emotional journey. Throughout the game, you are accosted by Senua's disparate mental voices, whispers in your ear that reflect her psychosis. These voices gain in intensity over the course of the game, as her mental instability grows and manifests itself in deeply disturbing ways.As a result, the game becomes empathetic to an extreme. I started to identify with Senua's desperation and hopelessness over the course of the story, and each battle I fought became increasingly more desperate. Even though I never ""died"" in the sense of the game, I came close to failing so many times that panic set in. By the end of the game, I realized that I'd been fighting as if my life depended on it, frantically struggling against the whispers and the overwhelming odds to maintain some method of control, just like Senua. It is among the most effective games I've ever played when it comes to involving me as a player on a mental, emotional, and physical level. By the end of the game, I was exhausted and overwhelmed and no longer thought of Senua as a separate entity from myself, but as an extension of me.How many games can say that?Combined with some truly excellent acting by Melina Juergens and Nicholas Boulton, compelling boss fights with Norse gods, a gorgeously depicted-yet-decaying world, and a sense of unreality that comes with the true manifestation of mental illness, Senua's Sacrifice is a truly memorable experience. I cannot effuse about this game enough.On a related note, I bought this game at Raycevik's suggestion, and I completely agree with his appraisal of it, as well as his commentary on the gaming scene in general. Middle-market games like Senua's Sacrifice are incredibly important to the health of the community, and deserve our support. This is the first game I've bought in a long time that isn't early-access, launched in beta, crowd-funded, low-quality indie, stuffed with loot boxes, or over-priced and buggy AAA franchise. This is the type of game the community deserves, and it's why it's so important to ensure these types of games get attention.PROS:-Gorgeous graphics and animations. Everything is deliberate and motion-captured. Senua herself is gorgeously-rendered, and has the most believable, realistic eyes I've ever seen on a video-game character.-Consistent 60fps framerate.-Brilliant soundtrack and audio. The voice acting is particularly amazing. Headphones are a must.-Not a load-screen in sight once you load into the game.-Combat is fluid and challenging, simple but involved, with relatively minimal issues.-Environmental puzzles are interesting and not too difficult. Shades of the Arkham Batman series.-At least 5-7 hours of solid gameplay for $30. Seriously.-Perma-death. Seriously, this was a Pro for me.CONS:-Pacing is deliberately slow, sometimes a bit too much.-Single-playthrough game. You'll never have the same experience again, because the first playthrough is going to cover it for you.-If it matters to you, the perma-death mechanic will delete your save if you fail too often. I'm only listing this as a con because I know it will annoy people, but I *never* had a problem with it and I played on the highest difficulty.-Combat can be repetitive, especially as you get closer to the end. Continuous mobs of enemies make some sequences drawn out, but as I've mentioned, this is to evoke a feeling of desperation and hopelessness, so it worked for me.-Gamepad almost required. You can play with keyboard and mouse, but I highly recommend against it.TL;DR: An incredible game at an incredible price, and incredibly worth your time. Support middle-market games and buy Senua's Sacrifice at full price, if you can. It's worth it."
,Recommended,414340,34142574,Posted: 10 August,all,Temko,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I did not expect this game to grab me the way it did. If you take nothing else away from this review, take with you that this is a phenomenal game.Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL97iGu9FVQText:Text REALLY can not convey the strength of this titles audio experience and i strongly suggest watching the video to get a feel for that experience. Because left or right, this game offers quite a few cool things as is, but the one mechanic and implementation that brings it all together and puts a shine on top is the narrative / voice acting in the title.I cant vouch for how ""accurate"" its portrayal of schizophrenia is - but accurate to real life or not - its a unique way to provide narrative, expose and even clues and highlight issues with combat and the like. Outside of some minor quality issues with clipping on rare occasions, The audio and voice delivery across the board is phenomenal.And this translates into the combat system, while the camera does on occasion decide that the other side of a tree trunk is more important to see than the enemy ahead all in all its tight field of view creates a fantastic intense experience. Couple that with the fast and smooth combat with surprising depth and gameplay timing, and you have the mix for an enjoyable, visceral and intense experience while smashing faces, spines and bits of flesh.Where I do have a few issues with are the puzzles, I don't like puzzles at the BEST of days, so take this criticism with that in mind - the puzzles range from cool and interesting ways to progress the story, all the way to grinding the progression to a halt, because I stood an inch to the side of where it wanted me to be. Equal parts Enjoyable and Infuriating. Especially knowing that there is more of that phenomenal narrative and combat waiting just beyond.And that's really it - its a linear 8-10 hour experience, with limited replay value. But the value is phenomenal in quality content in almost every regard.If you enjoy the review -do follow my curator feed!. Or check out the various other reviews onYouTube."
,Recommended,414340,34296087,Posted: 16 August,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/eoZrhhJ8mn0TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice is an atmospheric adventure experience that journeys into madness. You play as a viking warrior named Senua, and you are trying to save the soul of your lover from the clutches of the underworld. You hear voices in your head and they intensify, and grow more frequent; the psychosis gets more and more severe, the deeper into Helheim you go. I don’t want to give any spoilers, but the story is outstanding. I loved the way the story developed, and I was fascinated by the Norse mythology.Hellblade is a very interactive experience. A lot of the gameplay throughout Hellblade is walking around, climbing, exploring, watching cinematics, and listening to dialog. There are also several pseudo-puzzles where you’ll need to match up patterns with their corresponding shapes in the actual environment. I don’t really consider them puzzles, but rather more like eye-spy’s. I didn’t mind the mechanic for the most part, but it gets repetitive.There are extended periods where you will not encounter any enemies at all, but there is a significant amount of combat throughout the game. Very early on in the game, you die, and the darkness takes hold of you, and every time you die, this rot of darkness spreads further. The game tells you that when the rot gets to your head, that you will die permanently. This perceived threat of permadeath is ever present, and it makes the combat feel very intense and quite enjoyable.The frequency of combat increases as the game progresses. The combat system is very simple, but I still found it extremely satisfying. The combat is fast-paced, and does require some timing. All of the attacks are clearly choreographed, so it’s just a matter of learning what to expect and reacting accordingly. You only have two attacks, light and heavy, and then you can dodge or block. A well-timed block allows you parry and swiftly counter attack the enemy. As the game progresses, more enemy types are introduced, and the number of enemies you fight at one increases.As you fight, you build up focus. This focus allows you to activate your focus ability, which drastically slows your enemies movements. This ability is really awesome, and it’s extremely helpful when fighting multiple enemies, and is necessary for defeating some enemy types. The boss fights are crazy, and each boss encounter is completely unique, and the bosses are badass. There was one boss that I struggled with, but I think that was largely my own fault for not staying in the proper area while fighting the boss. The combat feels very intense, and the threat of death is ever present which makes it quite enjoyable.Pros:immensely immersive atmosphere and excellent story that keeps you enthralled from start to finishthe graphics are stunningly gorgeous: the world as a whole is truly magnificent - everything from breathtakingly beautiful landscapes to the grotesque areas of Helheim provide a visual treat all aroundimpeccable character design: the main character animations are absolutely fantastic the main protagonist looks and feels so real, and the emotions she conveys really makes you form a connection with her, and care about the characters and the events in the storythe enemy designs are awesome, especially the gruesome and creepy-looking bosses with well choreographed attacksthe perceived threat of permadeath is ever present, and it makes the combat feel very intense and quite enjoyable despite its simplicity (this may not be the case for some)soundtrack and ambience are spectacular, and the binaural audio is implemented extremely well - it feels like the voices are talking to you from different directions, and the constant voices in your head bickering amongst each other really screw with you (These voice telling you what to do, and what not to do simultaneously creating both doubt and confidence in the player giving you this perpetual state of uncertainty as you play.)the voice acting is terrific; the conversations feel authentic, and even though the voices in your head speak so often, they don't feel repetitiveperformance is solid (Win10, GTX 1070, i7-6700k, 32GB RAM)controls are fully customizable, and there is full controller supportCons:combat is simplistic, and may feel repetitive at times (this won't be an issue for some)repetitive ""puzzles"" that are more like Eye-Spy's can get a bit tediousThe game took me about 7.5 hours to complete, but I did miss a few of the runes that tell you about some of the lore. The linear story doesn’t necessarily need to be replayed, but the game is so good that I can definitely see some people wanting to replay it.Conclusion:Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice is a fantastic game and experience. Although the action increases as the game progresses, just don’t expect it to be mainly focused around combat. With that being said, I highly recommend this game to anyone looking to experience some fun, yet simple combat, an excellent, immersive story, and a gorgeous world that is sure to wow you. Hellblade is a work of art, and it has the quality of a AAA game at a very reasonable price. Hellblade is really something special. I absolutely loved the game, and frankly, I would have been perfectly ok spending a bit more on it.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,414340,34578789,Posted: 29 August,all,RetriButioN,"Intro:Hellblade is a true masterpiece of this generation, Ninja Theory has promised an ""Indie AAA"" and they have delivered. It has top production value and the quality of AAA titles at only half the price. Hellblade - Senua's Sacrifice is a story-driven journey through the broken mind of Senua, who is afflicted by psychosis. This game masterfully depicts mental illness with all its aspects. Visuals are absolutely beautiful and the sound design is phenomenal.Pros (+9):- Exceptional voice acting- Thought-provoking ending- Amazing storyline, remarkable writing- Fun combat and challenging boss fights- Outstanding character and enemy design- 3D audio, headphones strongly recommended- Accurate depiction of psychosis with professional consultants- Unlocked FPS on PC, good optimization, smooth performance- Breathtaking visuals, stunning scenery, levels are truly beautiful just to watchNeutral(x4):- Story-driven adventure- Excessive mythology references- Perma-death mechanic is a bluff- Linear progression, mundane control schemeCons(-2):- Walking simulator, enemies are far and few between- Zero replay value, no progression or collectibles except lore stonesGameplay = 7/10 ; Audio = 9/10 ; Visuals = 10/10 ; Story = 10/10Verdict:9.5/10 - MasterpieceI would strongly recommend Hellblade - Senua's Sacrifice to everyone, it's a must play title. An elegant storyline wrapped in gorgeous sceneries, spiced up with pleasing audio and easy-to-use controls makes for one of the best games of this year. Hellblade is a true work of art, a brilliant masterpiece."
,Recommended,414340,34905124,Posted: 12 September,all,Dj Suffer,"The first time I met Senua was about a year ago when I was browsing upcoming Steam games.I really liked what I saw, so I added it to my wishlist. I patiently waited... and waited.Then the game was released and without hesitation I bought it.At first I thought I'd take Senua through her journey, however, soon after it was Senua taking me through her journey.She took me to a world as she saw and felt it. It was full of darkness and pain, yet the atmosphere was stunning and simply gorgeous, addictive even.Then Senua. There's something about her and her facial expressions...mesmerizing(speaking from a point as a screenshot taker/lover/admirer).There were some moments when I didn't understand her or maybe it was Senua that didn't understand me. Nonetheless we both overcame every obstacle that got in our way.Eventually her story came to a close and I was left with questions, unforgetable experience and, of course, a truly fitting ending song.Overall a great game with amazing textures, models and visual effects as well as outstanding sound effects that built the game's atmosphere to perfection, and a very well delivered story.Worth every cent of it's price.The Developers have done a great job. Thank You!"
,Recommended,414340,34204039,Posted: 12 August,all,Bubbalaroo,This is the most incredible thing I've ever played in my entire life.  A total rasing of the bar for future games to use games as the medium to start discussions about topics we'd rather not talk about.10/10 - Would have paid 60 bucks for it.
76561198003316075,Not Recommended,414340,34100606,Posted: 8 August,all,VXV,"It's a nice piece of interactive art-fiction(?). It looks great, the atmosphere is great, works perfectly fine, and cinematics are as good as you would expect from Ninja Theory, which is pretty good. But the gameplay is, I dunno, basic, primitive almost. You walk straight, you climb ladders, you jump off stuff, get in a pretty simplistic fight here and there, solve a match a symbol to the environment puzzle, and that's it. I get the same feeling as when I played Enslaved where the whole story was interesting to follow, but a boring slog to play. Feels like a long UE4 demo-scene then the actual game. For what it's worth it might be good for some people, but if you want a game-game, you should probably pass.UPDWell... that escalated quickly. To clarify I don't think Hellblade is terrible, I just think that people should be aware that this is more Dear Esther then Dwarf Fortress (kinda an extreme example but still). From marketing materials I was hoping for at least Heavenly Sword 2.0.Anyway the borrom line is: This is more like FireWatch, I think people should know that before they buy."
,Recommended,414340,34166346,Posted: 11 August,all,Vixette,"Don't listen to rushed youtube reviews and dumbasses who think they broke the game with a torch when that isn't the case.This is the best experience you will ever have in a game. The combat is fun, fluid, innovative. The puzzles are interesting and new. The story is riveting and the feelings the story will evoke in you is intense.The history of the game is well-researched and so are the effects of the mental illness Senua suffers from.This is the best game I have ever played. I couldn't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,414340,34532532,Posted: 27 August,all,Al Ches,"Very beutiful, atmospheric adventure game, sets around celtic girl who searched soul of dead lover in world of Vikings Hell - HellHeim. During Senua's quest you will visit really magnificent and in some time creeping places.Simple and easy to handle fighting system set in norse mythology about scandinavian gods.Have different variety of enemies and even bosses. Most stories of northmen I searched just to listen them, not for achivement.Voice acting and motion capture is among strongest point of this game, nevertheless.Main heroine emotions so bright and they passed to you, so you can almost feel her grief, panic, calamity or will of her power to struggle further. Actors of other characters also looks good in main picture.Game also have a intresting photo mode, which can be used even during cutscenes. Also first time in my game expirience, allows make very intresting and unique screenshots.I play this game two times and can't really fail to permadeth. And I am not a gamepad master fighter.Really good work of developers to recreate feelings of person with mental illeness and delusions. Thing that you see now and then after turn around they dissappear like they never was there (I mean not cheap screamers). Thoose voices which flying around you...I met nothing ever similar to this in other games. Unique.While puzzles can be sometimes confusing they are mostly really easy. Game always hint where a good spot to find a sign by emitting smaller signs around place.WORTH EVERY CENT"
,Recommended,414340,34407517,Posted: 21 August,all,Sharia Coke,"I love Ninja Theory. Hellblade is one of the strangest sensory experiences I've witnessed in games. The Norse themes take a backseat to the exploration of psychosis. The visuals are gorgeous. The audio is something to experience, especially if you have excellent headphones. Even the combat is stylish and energetic, as you'd expect from the makers of DmC.Can't recommend it enough. One of the best of 2017."
,Recommended,414340,34157042,Posted: 10 August,all,Sib3riX,"I usually don't write so many reviews but this game deserve it. So let me tell you what i think about this game in few sentences.One of the best games i have played this summer. I enjoyed 10 hours of gameplay and story. The story is based on Celtic mythology and Norse mythology. The game is focused on Senua's point of view, as she embarks on a very personal journey through a hellish underworld made up of Senua's psychotic manifestations of her reality and mind. Combat system is awesome and unique i like it. Optimization is so good; running so smooth without single lag and only 13 people developed this game. Other developers should look on this title as a lesson how to make good product with passion and low price. Also before you buy this game you must use your headphones for best experience. Ninja Theory thank you so much for this game and keep doing what you do because happy customers will always look at your products in future!Game is 10/10 highly recommended for everyone"
,Recommended,414340,34114342,Posted: 8 August,all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Approval*I thought I'd address some of the issues I've seen discussions about. Spoiler free!Game Length:--------------Just finished the game with 11 hours clocked in. I finished it in one sitting with some short tea breaks visiting the forums in the steam overlay, so I'm guessing just under 10 hours of game play for me. Maybe less. I didn't rush the experience by any means, nor did I find all the rune circles (missed 7 of them). I finished the game on 'Auto' difficulty. On subsequent playthroughs play time got down to about 6 hours per playthrough. Rushing through will decrease play time even further.Story and Presentation:------------------------Nothing short of amazing in my opinion. The motion captured performance of Melina Juergens is very good. And the overall performance of the rest of the cast is also of decent quality. The game itself is all about the story and the main character. The main plot is rather simple (nothing wrong with that), but the mental state of the antagonist is what makes the story captivating.The sound design and music also plays a big role in the presentation. Especially the voices you hear in your head are very well done and really pulls you into Senua's head. I see a lot of people saying that you must play with headphones to get the full effect. I did that. An absolute must? No, but it helps. No headphones, no problem. It's like turning a setting from 'High' to 'Ultra'.Just make sure you have at least a nice and wide stereo setup and quiet surroundings. And dim the lights.The music is highly thematic, but due to the nature of the plot and concept it's never intrusive.Graphics and Visuals:----------------------Gorgeous! Again, the detailed motion capture of Senua stands out. The environment is varied and interesting. And certain areas are really stunning.Gameplay in General:----------------------This is a linear adventure game where the presentation of the story is the main focus. Do not expect to be able to go around exploring an open world. You follow a set path with some backtracking here and there.The puzzles are probably the game's weakest point. They aren't particulary challenging and somewhat repetitive. There are also large sections of it where things aren't spiced up by combat and portions of these sections felt a bit tedious. Not really boring though. On the following playthroughs, the puzzles bothered me even less because they're so quick to solve.Some compare the gameplay to a walking simulator. Even though the slower portions of the game can give some of the same feeling a walking sim does, this is not anywhere near that genre. It's a massive exaggeration. There's way too much going on and the game is far more interactive to be considered a walking simulator.Combat is absolutely fantastic. Fast attack, heavy attack, melee, dodge and block/parry. Oh, and a special ability called 'Focus' which basically is for enable a short period of 'bullet time' and making certain enemies vulnerable. Each of these has their uses against the different enemies, yet easy enough to master. The enemies themselves are really cool, yet somewhat similar to each other. Sadly, some encounters are really long with multiple waves of enemies. Two encounters in particular.EDIT: The long fights I mentioned above quickly became my favorite sections of the game in the following playthroughs. So fun!Bossfights are also incredible. Wonderfully designed fights and loads of fun! Each fight is very different and have different challenges.Overall Experience:--------------------The game exceeded my expectations in most ways. It had me hooked from the beginning and is currently the longest game I have finished in one sitting. Highly recommended!I was worried about the so-called 'permadeath' feature, but that turned out not to be an issue after all. :)But what's truly facinating about this game is how accurate it portrays the mental illness the main character suffers from. The symptoms are created in the game based on advice from both psychiatrists and patients. The accuracy is confirmed again after release. Just go visit the forums here on steam and see for yourself. Knowing this going into the game makes the gaming experience quite an emotional journey. A very serious subject and a gutsy move by Ninja Theory. And they pulled it off with great success!"
76561198021732872,Recommended,414340,34235221,Posted: 14 August,all,Ortharion,This game... I cannot even describe how this game made me feel . We need more of these types of games and not gold digger type of companies or games .  This game made my feelings so intense and the soundtracks are awesome . Optimization is great . Enviroment and visuals are unique and sucks you in to the game . Everyone who really cares about the story and visuals and psychologie traits must try this game !
,Recommended,414340,34538265,Posted: 27 August,all,Isador,AudioVisual o r g a s m.What you will experience here is another level of storytelling. Only thing that slows it are the puzzles but they are also crucial part of story.Solid 7 hours of gameplay makes you change your view of the world.Sadly the ending leave me confused AF but with all that informations from the game you can pretty much shape the ending by your wish.Play only with headphones otherwise you will lose huge part of gaming experience.I would like to thanks Melina Juergens for being Senua.9/10
,Recommended,414340,34590877,Posted: 29 August,all,Lunanella,"This is easily, hands down, feet up, one of the best games I've ever played.It has its flaws, as does every other game out there, sure. However, upon looking at the big picture I can clearly see that Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a collection of brilliant moments - what I heard, what I saw and what I felt defined this experience as genuinely one of a kind. I have never, ever, played through something like this until now.Albeit short (we're talking about ~ 10 hours of gameplay, beginning to end) and with a repetitive combat (that is still very awesome, in my opinion), the game really lets you get to know Senua, her fears and her motives. Its strongest points are the narrative, the sounds (soundtrack and sound designs are eargasmic) and the eerie, beautifully crafted scenario. When together, all of these work out for the best; I found myself so immersed in it I couldn't even hear my dog whining for me to throw the ball. And he does that a lot. A. LOT.It's always been a bit difficult for me to express precisely what I think and feel so, therefore, I believe I'll never be able to properly explain how come this game has just downright entangled me. The best way for you to know is by buying it, supporting the absolutely INCREDIBLE people who envisioned and created it.If you're the type of gamer who prioritizes gameplay over story content, then try a different approach with Hellblade. You won't regret it if you're prepared for it! :)P.S. M+KB player here, but this time I tried the game with the Steam Controller and... yeeeeee! Awesomeee!Edit 1: Grammar."
,Not Recommended,414340,34380620,Posted: 20 August,all,Koruvax,"I don't think this game was for me.Hellblade is, without a doubt, the most beautiful and atmospheric snooze fest I've played. The environments really are stunning to behold, the facial animations in particular add heaps and heaps of character but under all that shiny veneer there isn't really much of a game to play. Gameplay consists of perspective puzzles where you need to line up  parts of the environment to form certain runes interleaved with functional but clanky, tedious and above all repetitive combat. The latter wouldn't be so bad if there wasn't a good chunk of it in the game. The puzzles, meanwhile, would be a lot more enjoyable if the character didn't move at an absolute snail's pace even when ""running"". During the first parts of the game that's not a huge deal but as the puzzle areas get bigger and more complex you end up wasting an aweful lot of time running around.I also had some trouble with the feed back and rules in game. When exactly a rune was close enough to match wasn't always immediately obvious and resulted in having to scoot around by tiny bits to get the angle just right. During a ""stay in the light"" sequence it takes a roughly a second before you know that you're in a safe zone; in this particular zone there are no second chances so you just have to take the gamble and hope you don't die. In the same area game rules also change in a way that doesn't really feel like it fits the theme of the game again turning puzzle solutions into leaps-of-faith... where guessing wrong results in death.Overall, it's certainly not bad and the message it's trying to put across is admirable but this is a perfect example of a game I'd rather watch in let's play than subject myself to playing."
,Recommended,414340,34122532,Posted: 9 August,all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},"To be honest, this game is a lot better than I expected.A terrifyingly haunting experience.Audio and visuell this game is so fantastic!An incredible atmosphere, masterclass storytelling and a fantastic melee combat.This game dont take your hand all the time, you have to discover things on your own!Senua ( and the actress behind) take you, so deep into the nordic mythology... It's just fantastic!"
,Recommended,414340,35287445,Posted: 29 September,all,B00!,"This game is a Masterpiece, if you love story oriented games games. If you want a hack&slash action game, you will be disappointedTechnical1) The game looks extremely beautiful. Certain sets are breathtakingly detailed and scream perfection. It looks like a high budget AAA game.2) High quality textures with the highly detailed environment helps you immerse in this game world. Its almost photorealistic at times.3) Graphics settings are decent with plenty of options to optimize your performance. But sometimes in a cutsence the frame rate drops to 20 for a moment creating stutter.(Happened multiple times on first playthrough)4) The game has puzzles in it to unlock/open door to proceed to the next door. A couple of times the door refused to open even after solving the puzzle. Even after rebooting the game this bug was constant. I had to move around and constantly hit the action key for the action to get triggered. As far as I know you have to be in a particular spot to open door. It somewhat annoyed me and should be patched as soon as possible.Story1. It is a masterpiece. period.2. No other game can immerse you and can put you in the shoes of the character, the way this game did.3. You feel and sense emotions and can relate to Senua. You never feel like a viewer or a 3rd person looking down. YOU ARE IN THE STORY YOU ARE PART OF IT.4. This is the best game I have ever played when it comes to story telling. It has certain hack and slash elements to it, but to its core its a storytelling game.5. Spoilers(basic ones no endgame spoilers though)Senua is a Celtic warrior suffering through psychosis. Which means she hears voices in her head, haulisunates etc. Her lover was killed by the Vikings so called Northmen. She has taken upon herself to go to hell and fight the god hela too Bring back her lover. Throughout the story we are met with multiple characters who tell you about the Northmen and Their gods or the backstory of Senua. Even the freaking collectables have Nordic mythology which is fun to listen to.6. Voice acting is one of the best if not the best.7. All in all its one of the best experiences I ever had.Gameplay1. Gameplay is fairly basic. Senua sees symbols in the world. So there's a lot of puzzle solving in it.2. puzzles are not very hard but they sure make you think for a bit.(its more like finding and not solving)3. There is a fairly basic combat system, which is somewhat lackluster, but then again its not a Fighting game.4. The control feels perfect and responsive. There is not much variety of attacks. As the story progresses you see differenttypes of enemies but your attacks remain the same.5. I would say this part of the game was weak compared to its story.Conclusion1. The graphics are amazing, the story is one of the best ones with top notch voice acting.2. Puzzles are good3. combat system while not the best works decently with the game.4. All in all its one of the best games I played. (best game story I ever played)"
76561198082827994,Recommended,414340,34169089,Posted: 11 August,all,BubsonHD,"For a long time now I have not enjoyed many of the single player offereings, But this game was so well put together with the way the story was told through the acting/ voice acting etc.. I have to say it one of the best ones I have played in a long time. Only constuctive feedback I could give is that the puzzles got a little repetitive right from the beggining. Other than that, GREAT GAME! 9/10 from me."
,Recommended,414340,34356623,Posted: 19 August,all,ThingontheFloor,Ninja Theory steps out of their comfort zone and creates the best looking 'walking simulator' to date while still incorporating solid action and environmental puzzles on top of its gripping and harrowing story. Melina Juergens' performance as the traumatized Celtic warrior Senua is top notch and you feel like you share her pain thanks for the amazing facial tech and production on display. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,414340,34204093,Posted: 12 August,all,Broken-Shield,Amazing game. Well done story Fantastic combat. have my gripes of course but i have yet to see a perfect game. well worth the 30 dollars.
76561198025038867,Recommended,414340,34095995,Posted: 7 August,all,Darkrider,"i'm glad the dev team kept this game indie, as it allowed them to make decisions that are not ""conventional"" in the industry, instead of your standard hack and slashy game we got a game focused on the setting, the world, the character and her struggle with the voices in her head, this game won't be for everyone but for those looking for something different, this is the place."
76561198274312425,Recommended,414340,34121519,Posted: 9 August,all,wthompso,"Wow. I am blown away by this game.It sets out to have one main goal, and that is to tell a good and immersive story. It is gorgeous to look at and possibly some of the best graphics I have ever scene. The puzzles, albiet not the hardest ever, seem proper to the setting/storyline and work well to get you to notice and appreciate the surrounding environment of Senua as well as understanding how she thinks. The game does an incredible job of putting you into the head of the protagonist. I also love the Nordic/Celtic style they chose for this game.Any criticism I have read of this game appears to be that it isn't gamey enough (linear, simple and sparse combat, etc). While I respect that justified viewpoint, I don't really think of it as a point that I personally would criticize in this type of game. I view that almost as criticizing a visual novel for not having combat, which just means it doesn't hit all of the gaming community. From the comments, it seems most people give respect to that. The combat in this game appears as a way to detract from being monotone (being just walking and puzzles) and is a little bit engaging. Honestly, this is something I would not want to change in this game. Although it is a bit linear I love it! The environments change appropriately and I didn't come across a point where I didn't feel engaged with what was happening.For once, perma-death in a game doesn't really bother me. It made me connect more with how Senua is feeling throughout the game and added to the immersion of it. If you're interested in amazing voice acting, atmosphere, and story I can not recommend this game highly enough. It is definitely worth a buy. Oh, also wear headphones if you do!"
,Recommended,414340,34116979,Posted: 8 August,all,Sinthria,"This game right here is what you call an experience. I was waiting for this to come out for 2 years, last week before the release I couldn't stop watching the trailers/soundtracks they released over and over again. I just wanna thank Ninja Theory for delivering our high hopes and making this great game. 9/10First of all, voice actors, amazing work. Every sentence, every word, every gasp was worth listening. I get scared easily, and I played this game on full volume, because the work they put on it deserves doing so.Visually stunning game. Wherever Senua went, I was amazed by the environment every single time. Don't tell anyone but I died taking screenshots of a burning village.There is no tutorial, you gotta open up the controls menu and memorize a few things. There aren't many mechanics in the game.Combat at first felt boring, killing couple of guys one by one was pretty annoying. But later on, the mobs got harder to kill and they started spawning in groups. This is when I had to learn how to properly time blocks and counter attack. It is essential and will keep you alive. It will also make boss fights a lot easier as if you block in the perfect time, you can reveal a weakness or stun the boss.  Position yourself, don't rush the fight and keep evading, you'll never lose a fight. It is pretty simple and easy.Puzzles in the game may sometimes be repetitive, but they will never be boring. They made it possible that there are more than one way to solve the same kind of puzzle. ( Not THE same. )It is a thiller, there are no jump scares, I would notice. Some levels are so intense that I had to pause and take a break, drink cold cold water or google kitty cat pictures.Senua fights with her mental disorder alongside the beasts of the darkness. This is what actually made me fall in love with the game. Our protagonist is constantly hounted by the voices inside of her head. These voices WILL be annoying at first but you'll get used to them after seeing how they can be life saving.Story is a-mazing. After 13 hours ( Yup, I took my time. ) I found my self writing this review. In my 6 year of steam experience, this game made me write my first serious review. I'm not a fan of telling how the story goes, what the details are. Just gotta say this, each level you pass, the more the story steals your attention.Melina Juergen's as Senua. This performance shall never be forgotten. I can't even think of anywords to describe it. I just can't. Looking forward for more of your work!Still should say that, this game is not for everyone. This is a highly cinematic game with little mechanic in it. The story telling is amazing, the soundtrack the environment of the game is perfect. But its not your Dark Souls or God of War hack and slash game. Be ready to sit and listen for minutes while doing nothing from time to time when you play the game."
,Not Recommended,414340,34141374,Posted: 10 August,all,Yalokin93,"Conceptually and technically, this is clearly a standout game. It offers a well accomplished audiovisual experience that will dig into your mind.Gameplay-wise, though, I'm afraid I felt let down. Combat is slow, wooden, unchallenging and uninspired. Enemy variety is more than sparse. Some of the puzzles are nifty, but overall way too samey, simplistic, and repetitive. Once the initial novelty wears off they're just...not fun. Neither fun nor interesting to do, you kind of just go ""ah heck, guess I'll have to run around the map looking for these again"".The story is solid, but in the end it's really nothing special both in terms of concept and execution. Turns out people with psychosis can struggle with human emotions like loss and grief, just like healthy people do. Characters remain too shadowy to be relatable. Senua for instance is quite bland, her debilitating condition and its effects on her notwithstanding.I feel I should give this game a thumbs-up for how unique and courageous of an idea it is. But in the end I judge games by how much I enjoyed playing them, and in the end these 6-8h of mostly repetitive, stagnant activity, while interspersed with some genuinely cool ideas, left something of a stale taste in my mouth."
,Recommended,414340,34124098,Posted: 9 August,all,Dinux,"I'm on vacation, I am a gamer, I like movies. So I bought Hellblade. This is a movie with an amazing story, it has some beautiful combat sequence, less difficult than Dark Souls (good). Immersive, scary in some areas. Makes you think. I loved this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,414340,34457497,Posted: 24 August,all,Rogue,"I can't praise this game enough, it is truly a piece of art. Rarely have I played a game that offers such an immersive, gripping and at times terrifying experience. I usually dislike puzzle elements in games, but in this case it is so well integrated into overall experience that I did not mind them at all and, especially at the later stages of the game, really liked them. Combat is simple yet satisfying. There are several moments were you feel real sense of dread during the battles. All this is made possible by a masterfully acted main character you feel a real connection too, wonderful visuals and a hands down brilliant sound design.This game is a must buy, must play, AAA quality indie masterpiece!"
,Recommended,414340,34600457,Posted: 30 August,all,KattyaKat,"Beat it in one sitting simply because I couldn't force myself to get up and walk away. Great story, amazing audio, beautiful atmosphere. The featurette they added was wonderful as well. Absolutely impressed with both the game and the developer."
,Recommended,414340,34136572,Posted: 9 August,all,The_CrazyCanadian,"Cannot reccomend enough, MUST BUY FOR STORY GAMERSThe world and atmosphere is very engulfing, you'll get drawn to the beautifull set pieces. Many reviews say that the main character feels flat for being quiet most of the game, but I do not think it to be the case; many of the voices in her head do the talking for her. The combat is very simple, like a dumbed down dark souls (in terms of melee combat only,) but nonetheless entertaining or fun. Dodging, parrying, and shield breaking feel very solid alongside the fast and heavy attacks.  The game does not teach you the controls, it's up to you to figure them out yourself, they are simple so it shouldn't take long to learn. Outside of fights the music is pretty much non existent, but when you are fighting normal enemies and bosses the music ramps up to 11. Very dramatic emphasis on drums and tribal sounding singing really makes you feel like a bad a$$ when you are slaugtering hordes of enemies.The story, from my understanding so far, is about a celtic woman Senua travelling to the norse hell to save the soul of her lover Dillion. It appears that at some point back home Senua left her lover for reasons I haven't uncovered yet, but while she was away vikings came through her villiage and killed Dillion in a sacrifice of his soul to give to the norse god Hela. It is her goal to take his soul back from Hela. While on her quest Senua grows as a character through persevering mental and physical challenges; she must grow stronger and beat the darkness within' her to be able to save Dillion.So far it feels like the game is very optimized while obtaining very beautiful visuals. I am running a i5 4460 4c/4t @ 3.2GHz coupled with 16gb of ddr3 ram and a MSI GTX 1070 Gaming X at stock speeds. The game seems to have an fps lock at 60fps which is fine form me due to my monitor. It works great on my LG ultrawide running 2560x1080. I don't think I've seen the fps drop past 45fps, and that was once going that low, usually I only see stutters for half a second dropping me to around 53fps.I've been watching the development of the game fairly closely for the last 6 months so it would be obvious that I'd want it to succeed and prove my purchase was worth it. But whole heartedly, for (in CAD) 32 bucks, this is a must experience. I am at the writing of this review, played for 5.9 hrs and I believe I am about 75%-80% through. That is taking it very slow as well.If you are looking for a robust combat system, it is here, it is just simple; if you are looking for a long lasting experience, its not here; if you are looking looking for a game that explores a fractured mind and mental illness solely for the point of a interesting story, this is for you.Thankyou Ninja Theory for putting your heart into this game for the last few years in effort to discuss much more than just a video game story, you are opening up a problem that affects many to the public and I applaud you for it.......NOW TAKE MY MONEY AND MAKE DLC FOR IT***Update***I completed the game and it took me just under 8 hours"
76561198042081391,Recommended,414340,34202479,Posted: 12 August,all,Alphadroide,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is one of the best single player games I have ever played. It is truly more than just a game, it is an artwork. Ninja Theory did an amazing job with the very interesting story about psychosis connected with Norse mythology. I will not say more words about the story, you should make this amazing experience for yourself.The game has beautiful graphics with a wonderful soundtrack that fits perfectly to the atmosphere of the story. In addition to the beautiful game design, the game has an effective combat system that ensures some interesting battles and challenges. From time to time you have to solve puzzles (sometimes it is a bit repetitive).To sum up, I can strongly recommend Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice to everyone who likes great stories connected with an interesting and challenging gameplay."
76561197970417132,Recommended,414340,34180880,Posted: 11 August,all,Pinhead,"WOW.I am only half way through, but wow. What a game.It looks amazing, the fights are fun, but the atmosphere, story and storytelling are just mindblowing!! I am not sure if you can call it a story in a classical sense, but if you like dark characterstudies, do youself a favour and play this one. even if you hate fighting games, because thats not what this one actually is.Kudos to Ninja Theory, they have made their best game to date!EVVERYONE PLAY THIS!!! so i can have mor of this kind of stuff"
,Recommended,414340,34169906,Posted: 11 August,all,Ravensrook,"An amazing game, with a very intense storyline. With engaging puzzles and simple yet effective combat system."
,Recommended,414340,34430088,Posted: 22 August,all,Vegan Atheist,"The first cinematic game ever made.I guess you could put Heavy Rain or Until Dawn into that category but I think this is the first game of its kind. Also, the absence of HUD really adds to the immersion.We all remember watching CGI trailers and thinking ""how come the game itself don't look like that?""Well, this game comes to close recreating a seamless CGI experience.While this isn't a game I would play again because I didn't care for the puzzles (AT ALL, frankly), I would certainly recommend the game to anyone who wants to experience something that has never been done before."
,Not Recommended,414340,34104884,Posted: 8 August,all,ENightmare69,"Really not what I expected.. the game truly does look amazing! But unfortunately there is just no ""game"" here.. it's an ""on rails"" game where you walk a pre-determind path until you hit a clearing.. solve a puzzle.. have a VERY basic fight.. then walk a set path to again.. a clearing with the same type of puzzle.. then a fight.. walk a pre-deternind path to.. yup.. you guessed it.. another clearing with another puzzle EXACTLY the same style as the previous.. played about an hour of it but was genuinely yawning while playing it. I love story based games and action games, but this is just utterly boring to me. As I said.. it looks truly amazing!! And I am sure many people will and have enjoyed this.. but it really isn't for me personally. I have requested a refund as I have no intention of playing any more of it.If you are planning on buying this I reccomend watching say.. the first 30mins of a walkthrough/lets play video of someone else playing it first.. if you still like it then by all means buy it.EDIT:Ok after a lot of comments on this review and negativity regarding what I have said let me try this again..GFX 10/10 - this game visually is amazing! I have not seena  game look as truly beautiful as this! I am running an Intel i7 7700 @4.2GHz with 16GB ram on an NVidia GTX 1060 6GB on Windows 10.. no lag, no stuttering, constant frame rate, and looks amazing!! This game sets the standard for visuals now for me.. if only Skyrim looked this good..Sound 10/10 - Atmospheric and the way the voices all intermingle (DEFINATELY play with headphones in!!) It really does set the scene!Story 7/10 - This is probably where I will start to get some hate as I have only played an hour and a half of what I have read is about a 7 hour game, HOWEVER I have now gone to YouTube and watched the playthroughs from other players. Is the story good? yes.. yes it is! Why am I only giving it 7 out of 10? Because I personally didn't like the delivery.. after an hour and a half of gameplay I had no idea of what was going on.. all I could fathom was the main character is hunting a person down.. there are no other people to interact with in any shape or form and all you have to tell the story is the voices in your head, which is a very cool concept don't get me wrong! The story just felt like it was being dripped to you so slowly.. if this was an hour and a half movie.. then I would have enjoyed it.. but this just appears to be drawn out over, around, 7 hours of ""gameplay"" (solving the same puzzle over and over again) and so is hard to actually get into the story due to it being so padded out.Combat 8/10 - VERY basic (fast attack, heavy attack, block, dodge) BUT still enjoyable.. why 8 out of 10? Bcause it is the same enemy over and over again.. I have watched the playthroughs and can see that there are boss fights later on, but between boss fights its the same enemy over and over again.. severely lacking in variety.Gameplay 3/10 - This is where the game falls apart for me and why I said I couldn't reccomend it.. not saying it is bad but I personally was bored. Walk on a path to a clearing.. solve a puzzle.. fight a person.. then walk a path.. to another clearing.. to solve the same puzzle.. to then fight the same enemy.. to then walk another path.. to yet another clearing to solve yet again the exact same puzzle to again fight the same enemy.. there is no variety here! It's like.. I enjoy puzzles.. I like trying to deciper them.. I even buy those puzzle magazines for long train journeys.. this is like picking up purely a Sudoko book.. the same type of puzzle over and over again.. personally.. I like a crossword.. a Sudoko puzzle.. word search.. a maze puzzle.. variety! This game has litterally the same align a glyph to unlock a door over and over again followed by fight the same enemy.. THAT is the ""gameplay"". Story aside, as I have already said the story is good, the actual gameplay.. severely lacking.. there is nothing to do ""game"" wise but the same puzzle over and over again. If you are the sort of person that enjoys doing the same puzzle over and over again then I am sure you will enjoy this. Strangely I enjoy the TellTale games and those are EXTREMELY linear! HOWEVER they do have character interaction (this game has a cast of.. one.. excluding the voices in your head and the few enemies you do meet) with the TellTale games it is pure story with virtually little gameplay.. this is advertised as story driven and yet.. the repetitive lengthy puzzle (I say puzzle because there is only one puzzle over and over again) just seems to put such a large gap in the story progression that I was genuinely bored.Do I reccomend it? No.. is it a bad game? no.. it simply isn't for me.. watch a gameplay video for 30mins.. if you can play a game that is litterally that 30mins over and over again then I am sure you will enjoy it.. if you like variety in your games then this will bore you very quickly."
,Recommended,414340,34517536,Posted: 26 August,all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,"Beautiful visuals, epic battles for people who DONT want intricate swordplay and overly confusing controls. Works out of the box with my xbox1 controller. Only 30 bux. Closest you'll get to experiencing psychosis without being batsht crazy for real.Some puzzles are challenging, some are easy. The whispers can get annoying...but when they are quiet, I find myself lonely and missing them. Maybe I'm crazy..probably."
76561198082525601,Recommended,414340,34109498,Posted: 8 August,all,CrispyArrow,"8/10 Do recommend. beautiful storytelling with enjoyable features. but has some repetitiveness and graphic optimization problems.DISCLAIMER: this is NOT an action game. yes, there is some action, but if you want to play it with that mentality you shouldn't buy it.Pro's:- Story is great, really confusing and cryptic but becomes more clear and more exciting as you continue- Combat, al be it very simplistic and somewhat easy, is actually pretty satisfying and feels fast and responsive. my fave part is that this game has no tutorials, which enhances the learning curve of fighting in a way that truly represents your own skill. gives a sense of realism when you cannot see what's behind you, and solves this problem with audio ques.- Puzzles are pretty unique and use the environment in a rich and original way.- The theme is pretty awesome, especially if you like viking stuff.- ""collectibles"" are runestones which can be inspected to hear about actual nordic mythology, great if you like to learn more about it.Cons:- No tutorial in any way makes it confusing at the start: PRESS ESC TO CHECK CONTROLS FIRST. I found out about sprinting in combat halfway through the game >_>- There's a lot of repetitiveness, usually the gameplay loop revolves around the same runestone matching shapes in the environment. in itself the concept isn't boring, but if you have to do it throughout the entire game it starts to get stale.- Badly optimized, feels as if some parts of the game were not properly tested due to deadlines or some sh*t. At the first half of the game everything was going 100% smoothly and steady, then at some parts i was locked at less than 20 fps. Tried turning down ALL the settings (including screen res.) to the lowest and this did not solve it.EDIT: seems that the problem is AMD users, at least looking at the complaints in the discussion. so AMD users be warned!So in short, it's an awesome story game if you like story driven games. If you like action games, it's good too but it's not the core of the game so don't get upset if there's a lack of it.By the way, if you don't have the comic (from pre-purchasing) don't worry, you're not missing much it's mainly a big development diary."
,Recommended,414340,34869509,Posted: 10 September,all,Borracho,"An experience unlike any other in gaming, Hellblade is most definitely NOT a good time.It's either a 0% or a 100% game, depending on your mood and disposition towards this type of artistic creation.Not fun or enjoyable, but unforgettable as all hell."
,Recommended,414340,34197455,Posted: 12 August,all,ivi1010111,"This one here is pretty much the reason i'm into video games. This game has a way to get into your head and i am kind of enjoying the effect right now. Hell, I'm just freaking in love with it, so for anything constructive you better read some other reviews (and there are plenty). My vote here is just for all of you to please please buy it, i guess (man, those steamspy numbers really could be higher). Even if you don't have the right rig to run it at the moment. Consider it as an investment in the brighter future of this industry."
,Recommended,414340,34142991,Posted: 10 August,all,vladoportos,"Wow, where to start ? This game was beautiful and also scary as hell, especially the part where Senua needs to go just by listening with monsters lurking in the dark... thanks for the nightmares devs! Sound design was one of the best, the voices and everything just wow, its clear that Senua carry some baggage in more than one sense and have some daddy issues :) But the story was great, not too short not too long, ending was kind of confusing but not without tear or two :)You should not go into this game looking for some action packed mindless hack and slash, the combat is easy and there to help to break the narration for a while same with puzzles, they should not give you much pause. You won't get lost in the map. The whole point of this, is beautifully crafted story and narration.I have experience 2 bugs though, one with hell hound boss, where I died and re spawned without sword... could not fight and dog could not finish me... and one with running, I was ""running"" slower that walking.. both were fixed by quit and resume of game.All in all Gollum is giving this game 4.5 Potato out of 5"
76561197982204431,Recommended,414340,34117158,Posted: 8 August,all,Breaky™,"The graphics are stunning, the feeling of oppression is really present thanks to the atmosphere.The narration, voice acting & motion capture are perfect (play with headsets for a full experience).The game treats a serious subject in a way no other media could.Ninja Theory worked with several specialised scientists, plus people experiencing mental illness manifestations, & you can really feel it in the game.If you do play & finish the game, don't forget to watch the documentary, really interesting.Seriously, all the game design makes sense after watching the documentary.The gamefeel on fights is good, feels natural, but it isn't the major part of the game, so be warned.The puzzle phases are well made, the game doesn't help you much, which is pleasant, it benefits the narration & immersion.For me this game is a solid 10/10. The developers won their risky bet to release an original game, not just for entertainment, treating a society's not well known subject, making us, players, abandon our preconceived ideas and adopt a new look."
,Recommended,414340,34255242,Posted: 15 August,all,NihlusGreen,"Returning from a solo journey, in an attempt to purge her ""curse"", Senua finds that Northmenhave killed the love of her life in a blood eagle execution, sending her deep into both her psychosis and a Norse vision quest.It's not often mental illness is explored in media, but Ninja Theory, unshackled from a traditional publisher, bravely put's us in the shoes of a mighty Celtic warrior, with a history of psychosis.This game is more parts, story, mythology, journey and puzzle than combat and comes in around the 12 hour mark with little to no replay ability.While production and polish is excellent all over, I feel the need to mention the visuals, Celtic and Viking research, psychosis consultation and research, audio (specifically binaural input - must play this with headset / headphones!) and the excellent motion captured acting of Melina Juergens. Melina is a video editor at Ninja Theory and was eventually asked to play Senua after her helping develop the studio's mocap for the game.It's not for everyone, but for me it hit the spot."
,Recommended,414340,34222773,Posted: 13 August,all,[RGA] Barry,I can't recommend this game enough !!!One of the best games I have ever played. Had me hooked beginning to end.
76561198158251500,Not Recommended,414340,34420368,Posted: 22 August,all,Loves2Splooge,"Absolutely stunning game. Looks great, runs well, but awfully incomplete gameplay.The game is basically walk -> fight a couple enemies -> solve puzzle -> get beautiful cut sceneThe problem is that every enemy has the same generic model, and every puzzle is the ""find a letter of the alphabet in some oddly placed trees""This, combined with a combination of early Assassin's Creed/ Dark Souls combat system, makes the game extremely choppy. There is also no interface, which I get adds to the visual aesthetic, but suddenly you don't know your characters HP and it's easy to get turned around while running through time based scenarios.Awesome concept, but it seems like the gameplay was rushed. Game would have made a better movieEDIT: I played the game for several hours offline."
,Recommended,414340,34106224,Posted: 8 August,all,TUSHAR451,"The voices in my head told me to stop playing and to write a positive review. I tried everything, I tried covering my ears. I tried closing my eyes. I thought of other things in my non existent life. Nothing worked. I couldn' take it much longer. They were taunting me, egging me to go on and ignore them. It was futile. And then even more voices joined in. Some louder than the others, some meaner. I couldn't resist any longer. I screamed and then I cried as I sat in a corner of my room.But the voices were having none of that. Suddenly I felt my arms reach for a keyboard almost against my will. And then it began. All the thoughts, all the words. Just hovering in mid air. I had to write it out. It wouldn't leave me alone,  i was getting battered by them. It hurt. I cried. I had to make it go away, you see.I just had to write a positive review.Otherwise it wouldn't leave me be."
,Recommended,414340,34573800,Posted: 29 August,all,Akiran Hachirou,"Very deeper adventure with an one of the best protagonist ever saw.  I do sincerely hope this game sell well. A mid-budget game of genuine quality, boasting a thoroughly unsettling atmosphere. Please support Ninja Theory...﻿Read the full review (spanish) in: @Orgullogamer"
76561198242197914,Recommended,414340,34239844,Posted: 14 August,all,Jack,Pros- Fantastic graphics- Interesting story- Some of the best voice acting/sound design in history- Fun combatCons- Very short- Although fun combat is very repetitive- Ok optimization- Extremely repetitive puzzlesThis is by far one of the best gaming experiences i have ever had although it may not be the best 'games' ive ever played it is definitely worth the buy and needs to be played atleased once.
76561198042245227,Recommended,414340,34466038,Posted: 24 August,all,The Shmewsh of the Mewsh,"This story will stay with me forever. What a Masterpiece - Bravo Team Ninja, Bravo."
76561198025101328,Recommended,414340,34239184,Posted: 14 August,all,doler,"An amazing game that pulls you in and doesn't release after that. Still hear these voices in my head and already miss them, because finished the game too fast. Not mentioning graphics, it's just AAA level.10 ""behind you!"" of 10!"
,Recommended,414340,34860464,Posted: 10 September,all,✪ azertyy,"This is one of the best single-player games I’ve played for a very long time! Excellent narrative storytelling, excellent scene direction, excellent acting and truly outstanding graphic animations. Apart from 1 bug I had with saving, this game is really a masterpiece!9/10 would buy again!"
76561198062713903,Recommended,414340,34121265,Posted: 9 August,all,Fk-Legit,"Would have payed 60$ for this.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is so far GOTY for me and on my top 10 most favorite games list. The game is thrilling, intense, beautiful, horrifying and intriguing. The story is great and the constant influx of norse mythology is great.The player character Senua is incredible, she is easily my favorite female character in a video game and the acting and voice over is above anything elser in this industry. Senua and her psychosis is what makes this game so special. It's interesting to explore her mind and experience her psychosis from her POV. To go down her journey with her and learn about her past, and how she became who she is.But this is a game so Gameplay is also very important. Senua, her psychosis and her story are the selling point of this game, but the gameplay is also quite enjoyable. At first the gameplay seems shallow, its hack and slashing with dodges, parry, kicks, punches, light attack and heavy attack. The further you get into the game the more deep it becomes. When 3 or more enemies are at you it becomes intense and extremely satisfying when you land those timed parries and dodge when the voices tell you to. I would very much like a future update, which brings some wave based or dual based arena into the game just to fight. Also one more important part about the gameplay are the ""hidden"" combos, which you learn as you randomly smash the keyboard or mouse.The game isn't all fighting, the game uses sequences of puzzles and walking inbetween battles to make the game longer and further the story and character development.IMPORTANT: The game is really easy and doesn't want to punish you for failling in combat, which might turn some people off already, but I think it works well for this game.TLDR:Score: 9/10Pros.Good combatGreat atmosphereAmazing main characterGreat storyGreat animations and actingGreat narration________________Cons.Repetitive and easy puzzlesNo penalty for loosing (can be considered good or bad)Can't really find more.________________I love this game and I want it to succeed, and for 30€ this game is a masterpiece for your wallet as VideoGameDunkey would have said."
,Recommended,414340,34113872,Posted: 8 August,all,BlackSoul,"Graphics:Very impressive. Played other Unreal Engine 4 games (such as ARK or PUBG), but this game probably has the best implementation of UE4 so far. And the optimization is good too. The only problem is that there is no toggle for some options (such as Motion Blur), but you can set them in config files similar to any other UE4 game.Audio:The ambient music is pretty epic. And there are some female voices whispering things all the time. Combine these two with SFX sounds and you get an unique audio experience not similar to any other game.Gameplay:The gameplay consists of two parts: puzzles and combats. Most of the time you'll be walking and solving puzzles to progress further. At certain points there will be fights (either with minions or with bosses). The game is not hard, once you understand the logic behind the puzzles they will become easy to solve and once you get the combat basics fights will become easy too. What makes this game enjoyable though is theatmosphere, the places you go, the sounds you hear, it's very nicely combined.Protagonist:You will play as a female viking who lost her husband and is on a journey to find him. Everything you see and hear you can either consider to be true or to be her imagination. She is pretty unusual, not similar to main heroes from other games. Some may dislike her and ultimately take all that's happening as a result of her ""broken"" mind. Others may like her and try to feel things the way she did as if it was true. There's definitely somepsychologicalaspect to this game, which I personally find very nicely executed and probably will spend some time to think about.Conclusion:If you likeAtmosphericgames withPsychologicalelements then definitely try this game. If you expect very hard combats or complicated puzzles then probably this game is not for you."
76561198093633698,Recommended,414340,34667966,Posted: 1 September,all,SleepyNinja,Games are art.
,Recommended,414340,34335664,Posted: 18 August,all,Wh4tisL0ve,"It's hardly a game, if you're looking for exciting gameplay. But it's amazing experience, amazing journey. I strongly recommend it to everyone"
76561197995262928,Recommended,414340,34230678,Posted: 14 August,all,Saiyan89,IntenseBeautifulPoeticA true Masterpiece
,Recommended,414340,34421363,Posted: 22 August,all,freemmaann,Stunning game.
,Recommended,414340,34114569,Posted: 8 August,all,Machete,"The only thing i can say right now is, thanks very much for this game, one of the best for a lifetime for sure!10/10"
76561197974824013,Recommended,414340,34135420,Posted: 9 August,all,Helifax,"One of the BEST Story driven games I've played! (And I've played A LOT from the 1990's to date)!This is not a game, but an interactive experience! It has Movie aspect, Game aspects and uses both your imagination and your capacity to see and understand things!It tries to tackle AN INSANE task: Showing us, how people with mental illnesses feel and how they forge their own reality! (More or less we do it too - the sane ones)This game is about exploring the CHARACTER and HER WORLD! Is not Action, or World Exploration or other Genre! Is exactly this: character exploration!If you want to go and try something different than all the FPS, RTS or RPGs out there, give this ""game"" a try! You will not regret it, as LONG as you invest some part of your mind & sould into it:) (Or maybe it will just pull you in).Technical issues:Game runs smoothly here on 2D Surround (5760x1080) but only in Window Mode. Fullscreen always reverts to 1920x1080. Hope they will address this issue soon:)Other than this minor resolution selection problem, I didn't encounter any bug that breaks immersion or gameplay! So, top notch work and THANK YOU Ninja Theory for this beautiful masterpiece!PS:Like Gandalf said ""Fly, you fools!""I say: ""Buy, you fools!"":)"
,Recommended,414340,34111397,Posted: 8 August,all,YpaWinz,"I went into Hellblade with incredibly high expectations, after watching all of the developer diaries on youtube and reading virtually every interview or piece of info I could find. I will say that if you go into this game expecting it to be an action packed hack and slash game, or the next big souls-esque thing, you're not going to get what you want out of it. It's incredibly story driven and there are just as many non-combat sequences as there are combat sequences.For me, however, it absolutely did not disappoint. There were some things I might take issue with, and I'll get to those, but as a whole the game was incredible.  The environment, characters, and animations were all beautiful. It really showcased the capabilities of UE4. Senua as a character was very believable, and incredibly well formed. She felt like a strong female protagonist, without being a superhero. The way the game portrayed her psychosis felt spot on (as far as I can tell without first hand experience anyway.)The only two gripes I might have:1.) The puzzles - they're a bit tedious, and while not incredibly difficult, there were a few times were I got mega frustrated, and then felt like an idiot when I realized how obvious the solution was.2.) Combat - more specifically the different battles during the game.  The boss fights were very cool, and the combat itself felt simple but very rewarding, but if you played the game on hard difficulty, many of the lesser enemies still took a bit too long to kill.  The combat itself wasn't difficult, but the time to kill made it feel drawn out.Even those things weren't enough to detract from my love of the game. I was blown away several times by so many different aspects of the game.The ending was very good.  It wasn't some spectacular M Night Shyamalan twist or anything, but it fit the rest of the journey and I can't imagine how else they would've tied everything off.  Bravo to NinjaTheory for making a wonderful experience, and blazing the trail for future AAA quality, smaller budget games, as well as shining a new and interesting light on mental illness and maybe providing a means of empathizing with those who suffer from such afflictions."
,Recommended,414340,34110234,Posted: 8 August,all,styloo,Wow! What a game!Pros:STORY!ATMOSPHERE!SOUNDS!PriceGood optimizationCons:Combat feels a bit repetitive and easy even on hard difficultyThanks for the devs for making this masterpiece!Worth buying!
,Recommended,414340,34487845,Posted: 25 August,all,StupidFatCat,a real ASMR game.
,Recommended,414340,34109507,Posted: 8 August,all,Apathetic Owl,"Lets start, this game is freaking awesome and I will tell you why:Story: very twisted, mystical, leaves quite a lot of place to speculate and make theories.(hard to say more without any spoilers) lost of scandinavian mythos and legends in all their darka nd depressing glory, I really liked that.Soundtrack: godlike, amazingly well made. From very melodic and calm songs to violent viking rhytms with drums and chores during the battles.Gameplay: puzzles are really cool, very unorthodox and actually interesting to do.Combat is somewhat repetitive, imagine something like dark souls but quite a bit mire cinematic, and there are only few enemy types, but it's not a main point of the game,. however I enjoyed every bit of it, animations looks stunning, and them combined with great battle music make them very worthwhile to me. (Also bosses are so damn cool, such an epic fights, thanks to their design, art and music, just great)Atosphere: grimm, unforgiving world that does not want you in there, alien and scary. Extremely well made, one of the most atmospheric games I'v played in years.Voice acting: awesome, just awesome, every actor understood exactly how each line was supposed to sound and what emotional state each character was. Top notch.Graphics: game looks great, I played on all ultra and I had a steady 60fps, so it's also optimisized rather well. Characters and surroudings look stunning and breath taking sometimes, amazing cinematic experience.Main character: can't say that I can relate to her much but I can certanly say that I really like Senua, her emotional problesm make you feel very attached to her and carry about her. Makes me feel very sorry for everything that she had to go through, which is quite rare in modern games where characters are so bland and moring I WANT then to die.Now to the bits that were not so great:Some cutscenes have a mix of computer graphycs and live footage with some editing on top and it really does not look that great, it would be much better if they would just make everything ingame, as those cutscenes were quite bad for the atmosphere as they often just threw you out of the game breaking the immersion completely. (this might be a taste thing however)Some people might not enjoy the combat as much as I do, as it is quite repetitive and some people might find it difficult, it was however very easy to me, being a hardcore Dark Souls veteran.Game is rather short ~10 hours. I didnt feel that game should be longer or anything and I'm personally absolutly okay with it's lenght, but some might dislike that.______________________________________________This game a big middle finger to all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in EA, Ubisoft, Blizzard, etc. who have billions on their hard but keep making main stream, zero story, all about profit project. Amongst all of this crap, Hellblade shines extremely bring as a breath of fresh air. Game of AAA quality made by small dev team (although I never liked any other games they'v made) that lived up to expecations and gave me a huge amount of emotions. great job Ninja Theory, I hope you guys read this, thank you for taking a risk and not letting us down, you guys have the balls that big companies can't even dream of.Final verdict: 9/10 would playnext parf ofthe game"
,Recommended,414340,34137354,Posted: 9 August,all,www.twitch.tv/superpumpbrah,"Probably the best game ive ever played over the course of 20 years. 10/10!Stunning graphics.Great combat system that actually lets u react in a splitsecond with precision.Awesome bossfights.Puzzles.Blood,Viking lore and incredible scenery.3D Sound Making it feel alot more real.Great Storyline."
76561198020108494,Not Recommended,414340,34279548,Posted: 16 August,all,kelta13,"I really like the atmosphere of this game, the lore and the world, BUT I really really hate that it has some issues, annoying ones. Why does the game reset my toggle run switch every time I exit and start it again? Why the hell can't I as a mouse and keyboard player set the mouse/camera sensitivity? My desk is already showing signs of scratching because I have to make Senua turn to one side or the other... AND WHY didn't anyone check and adjusted the spoken text to the damn subtitles or vica versa. There are huge mistakes or gaps sometimes and that is no quality in my opinion. That is laziness.IF or dare I say WHEN these issues are corrected this game's gonna rule for sure. So I urge the developers to take a look into it and hope they provide a solution! :) I'll than make sure to recommend this wholeheartedly to anyone!"
,Recommended,414340,34252293,Posted: 15 August,all,TheLordOfLordran,"This game is absolutely a piece of art in its entirety.The amount of effort put in by the developers to make something not only entertaining, but also to bring awareness to an illness as life-changing as psychosis is awe inspiring.This game left me wanting more. Not necessarily more of the game itself, but something even deeper than that. This game left me wanting to know about the people who created it, the people who helped it come to fruition.If you've made it this far in my review - just know that passing up on this game is a gigantic mistake.As far as games with stories go; this would be my Game of the Year.A massive congratulations to the dev's and everyone who helped make this possible."
,Recommended,414340,34225648,Posted: 13 August,all,Gorlami,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is quite a departure from Ninja Theory's previous work. And a welcome one, at that. Hellblade is one of the most immersive and powerful games I have played in a very long time. You take control of a young woman suffering from psychosis as she ventures into viking hell to save the soul of a lover. The game tackles it's theme of mental illness masterfully, using both impressive visuals and binaural audio to simulate how it might feel to experience this form of schizophrenia.The game's combat, while simplistic and barebones, feels heavy and visceral. This is compounded by the fact that the camera is so close to Senua. Typically this is a dealbreaker for me, but in this case it makes fights feel tense, claustrophobic, and personal.  When you hit an enemy with a heavy strike, you feel the impact of your weapon. When an enemy lands an attack, Senua often stumbles and falls to the ground, letting you know that each and every move matters. And even on normal, the game can occasionally be fairly challenging. My only real issue with the combat is that there aren't many enemy types, and occasionally the camera can be blocked by terrain. Nowhere near as often as in Dark Souls though.While combat is my favorite part of the game, much of it's poignancy and effectiveness actually stems from the fact that it's not overused. In fact, I'd say around 60% of the game doesn't involve combat. That's not to say it's boring, however. There are some pretty interesting, albeit a bit obtuse, visual puzzles that all center around a simple mechanic.There are also a few sections where you are avoiding or running from the denizens of viking hell. Normally, I find these types of things very gimmicky and boring. However, these sections are some of the most intense, and even terrifying, sequences in the game, largely thanks to incredible sound design and some excellent visuals.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a haunting, immersive, and beautifully dark story about love, loss, instability, and willpower, compounded by visceral combat, interesting puzzles, and amazing acting.The game is one of the most important pieces of interactive media I've experienced in a long time, and I encourage you to pick it up."
,Recommended,414340,34202314,Posted: 12 August,all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewHellblade: Senua’s Sacrificethrusts you into the role of a Celtic warrior woman named Senua, who has embarked on a journey to find her long lost love, Dillion. You will traverse several areas and fight many foes, all while fighting your inner demons.Mental illness plays a giant part inHellblade, and this is no more evident than in the very beginning, when the game credits mental health experts for their input and advice before mentioning anybody involved in the actual development of the game. Senua will hear voices, she will fight herself, and it will be an ongoing battle for the entire game.Senua is, easily, one of the bravest main characters in recent history, and this is helped by the extremely well done motion capture and the amazing visuals that Ninja Theory have provided. The game is breathtaking, and the environments are extremely well detailed.Ninja Theory has also done an excellent job with the sound design, and you owe it to yourself to use a good pair of headphones when playing. The binaural audio really draws you into the game and puts you into Senua’s head, where she’s fighting a battle against herself and the many voices that reside in there. These voices also provide help to you throughout the game, as there are no tutorials of any sort, and they are most useful when it comes to combat. The actress who voices Senua has given a tremendous performance.Which, unfortunately, is where I findHellbladeto be lacking. The first few battles are fun and introduce you to the mechanics, but as the game progresses, they just become more and more tedious. The boss fights are great as they are phased sorts of fights, but the regular enemies become very stale, very fast, and you’ll be fighting the same two or three types until the later stages of the game. While it’s definitely not a button masher, as mashing will eventually leave you open and stuck in an ending animation allowing the enemy to hit you, the fights provide absolutely no challenge, even on the hardest difficulty.Hellbladelocks most of its progression behind some very simple puzzles, where you must find a rune, focus on it to find it, then wander the environment to find the best way to line up various objects to match that rune to then unlock the door. Sadly, this is pretty much the extent of the puzzles. Eventually doors will require two and three runes, but all it really means is you have to find more than one object to align. It’s great at phase, but becomes repetitive.Everything aside,Hellbladeis a fantastic game all around, and one that is not to be missed. Ninja Theory has crafted an excellent adventure with a fantastic story, with a believable character voiced by a great actor, that really draws you into not only the world, but also Senua’s head. It’s fairly short and has very limited replay value, but it’s a game that just should not be missed for any reason.ProsExcellent storyBeyond excellent graphics, visuals and mo-cap animationExcellent use of audio to bring you into Senua’s headExcellent acting with a fantastic storyEasy to find lorestones that give great background info on various aspects of Norse mythologyConsFairly short; I finished it in about 6 hours while finding every lorestoneLimited replay value; if you find all lorestones, there’s no reason to replay the gameRepetitive and boring combat with repetitive and boring puzzles(Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice was purchased directly through Steam)"
,Recommended,414340,34259340,Posted: 15 August,all,Inqui117,"In a moment in gaming history where most games aim for mindless replayability with zero meaning other than ""to kill time"" and online-only features (sometimes even in single player!""), filled with worthless microtransactions and whatnot, comes Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice to remind everyone that games can be more than just a fun time and deliver an amazing experience with a message, and this game's message rivals (even surpasses) many other big installments'.The way the game delivers the story is very enjoyable. It's not a story that right away reveals the motivations and backstory of the character. This is a ""self-discovery journey"" for Senua AND the player, which makes connecting with her easy without feeling like it was forced. You WILL suffer, cry, be desperate, scared, hopeless, but also enjoy with her the moments of melancholy, determination and beauty, thanks to the amazing acting done by Melina Juergens as Senua both in VO and Mo Cap performance (she has my vote as best female performer for this year's many game awards guaranteed).Definitely a must-play with headphones, since the effect of the binaural dialogues will become greater and will ""drive you crazy"" as intended by Senua's psychosis. That and the amazing work by the audio department + the amazing soundtrack are more enjoyable with headphones on.But let's not ignore the work done by the rest of Ninja Theory's team. The artistic direction and level design are really good too. The writing is superb, and the fact that the team didn't take the cheap route and said ""yah, she sees things and stuff because she's schizophrenic"" but did actual research on the subject and respectfully portrayed it in the game is what makes this experience so great. You don't question or think about how weird everything that's happening around Senua is. You just accept this is her version of reality.But all praise done, let's be fair: this was conceived as a ""mid-sized game"", and it certainly is. Re-playability is low and the combat mechanics, while entertaing, can feel a little simplistic at first. It does get better as you progress, but not by a great amount (Boss Fights are on a very different league though). Still, I would love a ""horde mode"" to be implemented. Another thing I see a lot of people complain about is that there is a lot of ""walking simulation"" in this, and that is also correct, but from my point of view, having this game be all ""action packed combat"" would not only make it monotonous, it would defeat the sense of progress in the journey Senua takes by removing the quiet and peacefully moments during this ""walking simulation"" parts that heavily contrast the harsh moments she goes through. You would not believe she's emotionally suffering if all you see is a girl hack n' slashing all the time. Still, if you're not into ""walking simulators"" this game will probably bore you. You must come to this game for the whole experience itself, not just the gameplay and/or the looks.This is a game that has become one of my all time favorites.""The hardest battles are fought in the mind"" <- A quote from the game. This applies not only to Senua, but to all of us. By the end of the game, you will realize that there is nothing wrong with the way Senua sees things.PS: By all means, check the Hellblade Feature included in the game after finishing it. Beautifully done."
,Recommended,414340,34101908,Posted: 8 August,all,Saint Satan,"First impressions:  Audio/visual masterpiece.  It's a very good port, runs great, and it supports ultra wide resolutions (3440x1440).  It's a very story heavy game dealing with metal illness (schizophrenia) and it pulls it off very well.  Headphones are an absolute MUST when playing this game."
76561197985093930,Recommended,414340,34117097,Posted: 8 August,all,TwistedParadox,"Brilliant game.... I have to applaud the hard work that Ninja Theory did with this game... Unfortunately most people will not understand this game the way the developers intended but it's okay... The whole point is they made the game they wanted to make and it's there for those that appreciate good story telling and art.For whatever it's worth, thank you for making this game. There's too much negativity in this world and i will not be one of those people that continue to spread it, even if you did deserve it.8/10."
,Recommended,414340,34238510,Posted: 14 August,all,Vio,"In the begining: I stopped playing 30 minutes ago: I still feel stressed, fear tense, and my heart's still pounding.-------------------------------In the end: Senua's Sacrifice, what an amazing journey. 400/10"
76561198066673553,Recommended,414340,34177828,Posted: 11 August,all,Iron|666,"My expectations have never been so thoroughly exceeded. I have a great deal of difficulty putting in words just how much I love Hellblade. It’s just that powerful. It triumphs equally as action game, mythic quest and psychological character study, bringing together some amazing visuals, great performances and ingenious design. It’s short-lived but perfectly paced with a blend of action and puzzles that grows in richness and complexity as the game goes on. 5/5!"
76561198046970049,Recommended,414340,34115849,Posted: 8 August,all,momo118,An experience unlike any I've had before. Thanks for taking this risk ninja theory.
,Recommended,414340,34617828,Posted: 30 August,all,Bandyman,"An amazing game touching on a sensitive subject.Definatly one of my games of the year, I love the little story bits you pick up and the amazing quality of sound :D"
76561198069404150,Recommended,414340,34124456,Posted: 9 August,all,Congmanguy,Absolutely phenomenal! Visually amazing with outstanding story telling. This game was riveting end to finish. Nothing fancy as far as game play goes. This is definitely story/atmosphere driven. If you’re looking for something short with a ton of excitement this is for you. The game took about 7-8 hours and I played it straight through. Lights off headphones on. Visually 10/10 for me.
,Recommended,414340,34903022,Posted: 12 September,all,AliRezaA,"Great game, I don't know what to say but the story was very good I enjoyed the game, Here's my score for each part of the gameStory 9.5/10Graphics 10/10Movements and Fighting 10/10Optimizition 9/10Controls 10/10Sounds 10/10Maps 8/10 (Limited area)And here's a little explanation about the scores:Story was perfect everything was just in a place that it should be! But ending was not what I expected but I think its good for having another episode of this great game! I wish the story was longer...Graphics was so good I enjoyed it and I know that you will enjoy it without a doubt!The best fighting and movements that I ever seen! Fighting elements was near to the reality!About the optimization I have to say it could be better optimized if ninja theory worked more on it! I got 30 - 40 fps on 1080p in medium setting with a gtx 960m, So it was not bad at all but it could be better...Controls are good I've played with mouse and keyboard but using a controller is highly recommendedThe game has a very good audio the sounds are so good that sometimes I thought I'm in the game! Using a headset is strongly recommended!Map and environment is limited and there's no guide for you to find your way! You should find the way on your own!I totally recommend this game, It worth buying and playing, Thanks Ninja Theory for making a good memory."
76561198273988032,Recommended,414340,34106374,Posted: 8 August,all,DetiTheMarshmallow,"(Broken English warning)After finishing Hellblade : Senua's Sacrifice, I have to say that Ninja Theory did a fantastic job. When you go through the story, you can fell Senua's anger, pain and fearness (Melina Juergens thumbs up to you!<3). The envirement and the atmosphere are nearly insane, I almost shut the game because sometimes it's too terrifying for me...:DThis game is not for everyone, this game is for the people who want a great story-telling experience, if you're looking for hack and slash game, I'm sorry but this game is not for you :)Anyway, I'm proud to have Hellblade in my steam account, and I'm proud that I beat the full game and experience this dark, terrifying viking hell."
,Recommended,414340,34109359,Posted: 8 August,all,-----......,"Dantes Inferno Retold. Amazing game so far. Top teir graphics and optimization. max settings - 60fps buttery smooth. The story is great so far, It's Dark Psychological Historical Fantasy and thats a genre i didnt even know i was craving."
76561198106192198,Recommended,414340,34096495,Posted: 7 August,all,SoulfulFoil,"Right away I want to say that this game is simply stunning and honestly makes me view the game more as a piece of true art rather than just any ordinary game. There is no real hand holding tutorial telling you what button to push and yet as the game progresses you through the story, you figure things out with the voices adding a very interesting vibe to the entire experience. Those voices can really set the tone for what is coming next. So I would say that you should definately wear headphones while playing this to further immerse yourself within this world that Ninja Theory has created for us.As for the combat system, it does seem a bit basic, but I wouldn't say by any means that it is horrible since the fighting isn't truly the main point of this game. Though I will admit that at one point I got stuck in a lovely invisible wall during a fight sequence and literally couldn't fight the monsters off properly since I couldn't move from that one lovely spot, I just figure it is because I was trying to run towards the exit of the place when a fight sequence was occuring and thus got me so happily trapped in doom.Still, I love the little puzzles you have to go around and find using the environment which is rather fun to do. But I must admit that what I love the most is how the story plays out with Senua seeing people and hearing the voices that will give you everything you need to know, even in the mist of combat. It is artfully done and I really can't wait to see what lays deeper within this gorgeous creation given to us."
,Recommended,414340,34095858,Posted: 7 August,all,Grim DeGrim,"ATMOSPHERIC?  YES...OK, a quick update.  The game is visually stunning.  I was quickly drawn into the story of Senua, narrated to you.  The voices in her mind are very chaotic and often at odds with one another... disturbing for sure, but part of the charm - insofar as it builds on the storyline and Senua's struggle.I've noted some of the puzzles are slightly repeative...but this is not a major negative.  I thoughly enjoy the snippets of Norse Mythology.AGAIN - CANNOT STRESS ENOUGH HOW BEAUTIFUL THE GAME IS.  And very atmospheric."
,Recommended,414340,34592713,Posted: 29 August,all,G3N3RAL ZOD,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice Is A Great Game. This Is A Game About Mental Illness, Delusions. How A Warrior Fight With Her Mental Illness or Illusions You Can Fully Enjoy With This Game. This Is The Perfect Game Where You Can Imagine How Patient With Mental Illness Survive With Their Illness.After A Long Time, Enjoyed A Hack & Slash Game With Celtic Mythical Story. Puzzle Solving Was Fun, Here & There Many Clues For Puzzles And You Can Easily Find The Way To Solve Them. There Is No Map. Only You And Some Whispers In Your Mind Help You Like "" This Is The Way "".  Such A Amazing Game World & With Beauty Of Unreal Engine 4 You Can't Stop Taking Screenshot With In Game "" Photo Mode "" With Different Effects , Movement And More. About The Story, A Beautiful Story About Saving Senua's Lover Dillion From Hela. More You Play, More You Can Find Out. Voice Actors Are My Most Favourite Here. All The Character's Voice Just Matched With The Game So Perfectly.So Let's Take A Look Of Some Pros And Cons From My View:Pros:1. Amazing Visuals.2. Smooth Combats.3. Great Soundtrack.4. Photo Mode.5. Unique Story.6. Satisfying Puzzles.7. Great Game Character's And Voice Actors.Cons:1. No Chapterwise Option.Personal Rating: 9.5/10.Don't Hesitate. Just Buy This Masterpiece From Ninja Theory."
,Not Recommended,414340,34149827,Posted: 10 August,all,z0om,"Attention! The review contains two languages: Russian and English.Русская версия (Russian version):Ожидал от игры гораздо большего, и надо сказать ожидал до последнего. Будет много букв. Прошу тех, кто желает оценить полезность обзора, найти в себе силы и дочитать до конца.Сразу хочу заметить, что перед покупкой, я прекрасно понимал, что это симулятор ходьбы, и купил игру именно по этой причине. Я хотел поиграть в классный, атмосферный, завораживающий и погружающий в себя полностью интерактивный фильм. Так же, перед покупкой я посмотрел несколько видео обзоров и прочитал массу положительных комментариев в steam.В итоге, я получил совершенно не тот продукт, который был описан в обзорах и отзывах.Начнем по порядку:1. Атмосфера. Она, безусловно, есть, и это наверно единственное, что игра может предложить. Ощущение холодного безумия, нереальности происходящего, напряжение - все выполнено шикарно. Шепчущие постоянно голоса делают свою работу отлично и в этом разработчикам надо отдать должное. Рекомендация играть в хороших закрытых наушниках полностью оправдана. По этому пункту мой респект Ninja Theory, сразу видно что была проделана колоссальная работа.2. Графика. Да, картинка неплохая, но и ничего особенного в ней нет. Кроме, возможно самой главной героини, т.к. она прорисована весьма прилично. Так же, есть интересное меню с фото режимом. В нем я даже посидел минут 20 в начале игры и сделал пару снимков. В целом игра визуально выглядит достойно , но это никак не может окупить все имеющиеся минусы, о которых речь пойдет дальше.3. Сюжет. Задумка ОТЛИЧНАЯ, но ее реализация, как по мне - где-то подкачала. Да, я поиграл всего 2 часа, но это, ВНИМАНИЕ одна четверть игры!!! И за эти 2 часа я не проникся сюжетом игры. Повествование не трогает душу, не вызывает бури эмоций и даже не играет на Вашем любопытстве. За первые 2 часа вы услышите пару мифов, посмотрите несколько роликов и в общем-то ничего более. При этом я так и не смог начать сопереживать главной героине. Не впечатлен. Возможно, сюжет в дальнейшем начинает развиваться более динамично, и я просто не смог дотерпеть. Но таковы мои впечатления от 1/4 игры.4. Боевка. От нее я особо ничего и не ждал. В общем то, мне было безразлично есть ли она вообще. На деле - считайте что нет. Враги на высокой сложности боя закликиваются левой кнопкой мыши. Иногда нужно будет сделать уворот/перекат. Враги настолько медленные, что даже если их 3 сразу - интереснее не становится.UPD: Пара слов о боссах. По началу мне даже показалось, что я поспешил с выводами, и боевка все же не так плоха. Однако, так было только первые 2 минуты боя. Дальше стало ясно, что босс имеет всего несколько мувсетов, которые просто повторяет по кругу. Причем в одной и той же последовательности. Просто набор скриптов, которые постоянно повторяются. И так около 10 минут.5. Геймплей. Это самое скучное что есть в этой игре. Повторюсь, я знал, что покупаю симулятор ходьбы, но он оказался на столько однообразным и скучным, что я разве что не заснул! Головоломки просто действуют на нервы. Они невероятно просты и очевидны и создают ощущение впустую потраченного времени. Вы просто ходите от одной точки к другой чтобы совместить пазл и открыть новую дверь. А за ней...еще одна ТАКАЯ ЖЕ головоломка, только локация вдвое больше и дольше. На третьей я походив туда-сюда 15 минут просто вышел и запросил возврат средств.UPD2: Если Вы из тех, кто готов терпеть нудный и однообразный геймплей ради хорошей сюжетки и красивых кат сцен, то вероятно игра все же может Вам зайти. Но я, как ни старался, не смог перебороть желание нажать ALT+F4 из-за этих наискучнейших ""головоломок"".Думайте сами, но я не могу рекомендовать игру к покупке. До сих пор не могу понять, чем же она всех так поразила. Когда я играл в другие симуляторы ходьбы, (например Firewatch или Life is Strange) сюжет, его подача и весь геймплей в целом цепляли с первых 30 минут. Здесь же я был очень разочарован.____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________English version:Expected from the game much more, and I must say I expected until the last. There will be many letters.Just want to note that before buying, I knew very well that this is a walking simulator, and bought the game for this very reason. I wanted to play a cool, atmospheric, mesmerizing and immersive fully interactive film. Also, before buying, I looked at a few video reviews and read a lot of positive comments in steam.As a result, I received a completely different product, which was described in reviews and reviews.Let's start in order:1. Atmosphere. It certainly is, and it's probably the only thing the game has to offer. Feeling of cold insanity, unreality of what is happening, tension - everything is done elegantly. Whispering voices constantly make their work excellent and in this the developers need to pay tribute. The recommendation to play in good closed headphones is completely justified. On this point, my Respect Ninja Theory, it is immediately evident that a tremendous amount of work has been done.2. Graphics. Yes, the picture is not bad, but there is nothing special about it either. In addition, perhaps main hero, it is drawn pretty well. Also, there is an interesting menu with photo mode. In it, I sat for about 20 minutes at the beginning of the game and took a couple of pictures. In general, the game visually looks decent, but it can not recoup all the existing shortcomings, which will be discussed further.3. The plot. The idea is PERFECT, but it is not implemented well. Yes, I played only 2 hours, but this, ATTENTION one quarter of the game! And for these 2 hours I did not get the story of the game. The narration does not touch the soul, does not cause a storm of emotions and does not even play on your curiosity. In the first 2 hours you will hear a couple of myths, watch a few videos and in general nothing more. At the same time, I could not begin to empathize with the main character. Not impressed. Perhaps the plot in the future begins to develop more dynamically, and I just could not wait. But those are my impressions of 1/4 of the game.4. Battles. I did not expect anything from the fight. In general, I did not care whether there is this component at all. In fact - consider what not. Enemies at high combat complexity are killed by the left mouse button. Sometimes you need to make a dodge / roll. Enemies are so slow that even if there are 3 of them at once, you can still easily win.UPD: A few words about the bosses. At first I even thought that I hurried to conclusions, and the battles are not so bad. However, this was only the first 2 minutes of the fight. Then it became clear that the boss has only a few sets of movements, which simply repeats in a circle. And in the same sequence. Just a set of scripts that are constantly repeated. And so about 10 minutes.5. Gameplay. This is the most boring thing in this game. Again, I knew that I was buying a walking simulator, but it was so monotonous and boring that I did not fall asleep! The puzzles are getting on your nerves. They are incredibly simple and obvious and create a feeling of wasted time spent. You just go from one point to another to combine the puzzle and open a new door. And behind her ... another SAME puzzle, only the location is twice as big and longer. On the third I walked back and forth 15 minutes just went out and asked for a refund.UPD2: If you are one of those who are willing to endure a tedious and monotonous gameplay for the sake of a good storyline and beautiful cut scenes, then the game may still come to you. But I, however hard I tried, could not overcome the desire to press ALT + F4 because of these wildly ""puzzles"".Think for yourself, but I can not recommend a game to buy."
76561198023645721,Recommended,414340,34120532,Posted: 9 August,all,Froheim,"Amazing. Wear headphones and descend into madness...What a lovely, deep, compelling game."
76561198048848795,Recommended,414340,34118520,Posted: 8 August,all,Kellen____,"Simply amazing. I cannot believe this game was only $30. I played with a controller because I prefer playing these types of games that way.Graphics: One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. Everything from the physics, partical effects, textures, weather, environment, and animations all scream AAA. The entire time, I was constantly shocked at how good this game looks. This might be the best looking game I've ever played. All of the environments are beautiful, some are awe-inspiring. The enemy design is truly incredible. Attack an enemy and you will see their wounds. This comes to full light later in the game when fighting a large enemy, and you see their skin(?) ripping off of them as you attack. Incredibly visceral and what I'm sure is a technical feat.Sound: All voice actors are spot on. There is zero cheese. Sound effects are excellent and never distracting. There isn't much music, but it kicks in at the right moments with the right feel. Because of the nature of the story, you hear voices. They do not repeat. I repeat, they do not repeat. The voices give contextual qeues, but can't always be trusted. Amazing concept, absolutely loved this.Gameplay: This is where some might take issue. There is a lot of talking, story, and drama. Especially in the early parts of the game, there isn't very much fighting. However, I would argue that a lot of fighting during the early parts of the game wouldn't make much sense in regards to the story and flow of this game. You'll be listening, exploring, and solving puzzles. However, combat definitely picks up later as Senua dives deeper into her quest. As for combat, I had a lot of fun. Parry, block, light and heavy attacks, guard breaking, and (my favorite) running towards the enemy and executing a heavy attack. You also have a focus ability that increases your perception and allows you to move faster than your enemies.Story: This is where it's at. The story of Senua will forever stay with me. She is a character that I can relate to, even as a man, because she deeply suffers from a mental illness. She has suffered greatly. She is on a quest for her love, literally carrying his head with her as she goes. This game is dark. There are very few bright moments in it. The story flows, makes sense, and comes to a satisfying conclusion. I do not personally feel like there was a single misstep in the story.Conclusion: Overall, I absolutely loved this game. If it was $60, I might not have purchased it, not knowing how incredibly good it was. After playing it, I happily would have paid $60. If Ninja Theory releases a $30 skin that changes Senua's shoes, I'll buy it. Part way through, I wasn't sure if I'd play it again. Not that I didn't like it, I just didn't know if I'd want to go through the puzzles because I thought that was kind of the focus of the gameplay. It's not. I will definitely be playing this again. 10/10.As for the bad reviews, just look at how much time they put in. Yes, the game starts off slow and there isn't a ton of combat at the beginning. It's right for this game. This isn't God of War or Dark Souls, nor did anyone (including the devs) claim it was.Perma-death: It never came up for me. I died twice. The game isn't incredibly difficult, but it's challenging enough that I almost died several times."
,Recommended,414340,34136498,Posted: 9 August,all,kaindracul,This was a really fun game... Loved the way the story played out and I think it would a good movie that would be full of eye candy....
76561198074853236,Recommended,414340,34111390,Posted: 8 August,all,Turnt,"Absolutely beautiful game, the perma-death / Rot mechanic really makes you feel the tension when in combat and in the various horror sequences. Combat is amazing and feels like a more simplistic version of Dark Souls. Worth the £25."
,Recommended,414340,34104298,Posted: 8 August,all,RGR29 4K,This game is AMAZING! 100% Recommended!
,Recommended,414340,34198284,Posted: 12 August,all,Kikufnik,amazing.
,Recommended,414340,35476951,Posted: 4 October,all,[X] Haldur,No words. Only: Thank you!
,Recommended,414340,34284425,Posted: 16 August,all,Whydoyoubark,"Hellblade isn't aGAME.It's a disturbing and beautiful aestheticEXPERIENCE.Before we go on:#1 usingHEADPHONESis an absoluteMUST(you'll thank/curse me later)#2 HSS deals with deep and dark themes; that includes(but is not limited to):psychological issues, physical and/or mental abuse, suicide, religion, dogmas, the nature of consciousness and perceptionIn Senua's Sacrifice you control the titular heroine as she journeysthrough the realm somewhere between delusion and reality.Senua's shattered psyche manifests in auditory and visualhallucinations which make the gameplay unlike any other.We get to slip into the mind of a traumatized individual,quite an experimental and unexplored area in gaming.Ninja Theory went the extra mile to consult psychiatrists and people who have suffered from psychosisin order to make Hellblade what it is- to an extent, aninsanity simulator.The music, sound effects and voicework are masterfully crafted;the highlight being definitely the voices inside Senua's head.She's under a constant barrage of conflicting information:""Fight!"", ""Give up!"", ""You can do it!"", ""She's not gonna make it!""..At times, they may offer useful insight into your current situation.However, more often than not, they make you feel confused and uneasy.And by ""uneasy"" I mean ""I shouldn't be hearing this"" kind of way.The environments, character models and trippy illusions are stunning.Be it trees dancing in the wind, harsh rain pouring from the foreboding cloudsor your enemies' flesh wounds spraying red gore.The violent flashbacks of physical and mental abuse add even more weight to the suffocating atmosphere.As for the gaming mechanics, they mostly boil down to solving rather basic puzzlesand engaging in simple, yet satisfying and gritty combat encounters.Both aspects are infused with themadness juice, in an unsettling and entrancing way.Ninja Theory have poured their hearts and souls into their twisted child.I ♥♥♥♥ing love it."
76561198050544399,Recommended,414340,34115807,Posted: 8 August,all,Tymax98,One of the best games I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,414340,34335290,Posted: 18 August,all,GenioGege,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is one of those games that does a few things differently from other games, having a few revolutionary features, mainly related to WHAT it wants to tell and achieve; problem is, people are stupid: I mean, don't like this or that feature of the game cause stuff? It's your problem, don't blame developers for trying new stuff, also given the fact that everything has a reason!Permadath system? Well, it's easily explained through the complete mental breakdown of the protagonist. Senua dying is just her dying IN HER MIND, so it makes sense that, if she dies too much, her ""darkness"" eats her.Then, the game has no HUD, no minimap and no quest marker, why? Because it wants to describe the feeling of isolation, loneliness and loss of the protagonist, due to her illness. Instead there are voices to guide her, the voices in her mind, that help you in every way that is possible.Story driven with no side quests? Who said there would have been any?""Short"" story? lol A lot of AAA nowadays last just as much as this, with a higher price tag.Clunky combat system? Didn't feel like it, actually enjoyed the combat and the slight variety of monsters you fight. Yeah, camera is locked on enemy and there's just auto attack, but it just feels right! Game is not revolved around combat, so I find it astonishing.Graphics are top notch, nothing else to say. Story is damn good, storytelling amazing, voice acting gives you thrills...everything is perfect!Buy it! Support Ninja Theory!"
,Not Recommended,414340,34117282,Posted: 8 August,all,Fe[A]rless Knight,Gameplay ?Repetitive hack & slash with repetitive kids puzzles .Story ?Useless Lore Norse Myth & boring Senua questline .Theme ?Very good Dark Fantasy horror theme .
,Recommended,414340,34136594,Posted: 9 August,all,gr3y5had0w,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is such an amazing and atmospheric game. I'm in love with the visuals and sound design, the fluid combat, and the unique and impressive storytelling. This is a game everyone should play."
76561198084331831,Recommended,414340,34109288,Posted: 8 August,all,Jayymalll,"Game looks amazing, best experienced with headphones. Story is very gripping, Fairly basic combat but it feels smooth and very responsive, There are combos but its not the focus of this game. The journey and trippy portions of the game is what makes this game great. Its a game for those who like heavy story games and grim settings. Also a plus for being focused around Norse mythology.I defenitly reccomend the game.If you need a number rating 8.5/10.EDIT:So i finished the game and I appreciate the game far more, for its dipiction of mental illness, music and underlying themes.number rating went up to 10/10, this is likely a top 3 games of 2017 for me."
76561198039798549,Recommended,414340,34108493,Posted: 8 August,all,Chidori,"There are probably a few things you need to know about this game in order to enjoy it:1) It has more in common with a walking simulator than an action game. Yes there are puzzles, yes there is combat, no none of these are the focus of the game. It is more of an interactive experience.2) The game relies on you getting somewhat on board with the experience. Use headpones, don have the TV running in the background, basically treat it like you would treat a horror game you really want to get into.3)The game will never be really difficult (at least no so far as I have gotten). The combat though somewhat enjoyable can be mastered rather easily. Even though the game introduces some new enemies as I said its never really that hard if you are careful.Look at the tags of the game, nowhere does it state that this is an action title. What you will get is a phenomenal looking walking simulator with interpersed gameplay elements that explores a wierd mixture of shizophrenia and northern mythology. An apt comparison would probably be a game like SOMA but you can actually fight against the monsters.Due to the rather unique concept, the great athmosphere paired with extremely well done mo cap and acting from the protagonist I can only recommend this game especially since it comes at only 30 bucks.Edit: So I update this review since I have now finished the game. What is above was after about 4,5 hours of play and it took me alltogether around 7  hours to finish it so thats what you are looking at lenght wise. I finished in in basically one sitting with a shotr pause and I think thats probably the better way to experience it since it keeps you more into what is happening. Towards the end I will have to add that the combat can drag a bit since it basically just becomes more and not necessarily different. You are somewhat focused on the story at this point and the combat starts to distract a bit. Nevertheless the gamre ended for me at a high point and I also immideatly after finishing it watched the short developer commentary movie thats in the game and I can only appreciate what the devs were trying to do here and for me at least the suceeded."
,Recommended,414340,34113243,Posted: 8 August,all,Epic Mushroom,"An emotional, personal experience from start to finish, especially to someone that has personal experience with voice-hearing.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a chilling, terrifying yet thrilling game that expresses almost a fantasy-like world held within the mind of a girl with severe psychotic illness, experiecings voice hearing, delusions and hallucinations, many scenes within this game are horrific, terrifying and disturbed; holding to the realism of the true horrors of real world psychosis.The game is incredibly imersive and beautiful, featuring some of the best graphics and textures I have ever seen in a game, especially with the facial animations alone. What makes Hellblade stand out by far is it's sound design, HEADPHONES ARE A MUST, when it comes to this game, whispering voices float around your head, sounding both internal and external, comenting on Senua's actions, her objectivces and subconcious thoughts; as someone that has experienced psychosis personally and voice hearing, I can certainly say that the way in which it is portrayed is incredibly accurate and true to life.The combat in the game is brutal and fluid, you can truly hear and turmoil and anger within Senua's voice and breath as she fights against her own mind. During combat the voices also become incredibly important, expressing when Senua is in danger or an enermy is coming up behind her. The entire narative of the game is told by several destinct character voices besides the 'furies' which are the multitude of female voices.There are however a couple flaws that I've came across yet I'm sure one of them will be fixed.Firstly the combat can become repetitive, however there is a few bosses that mix things up from time to time.Secondly within my playthrough I cam across two instances where Senua became glitched outside a boss arena and stuck and another where she got stuck within some rocks; but I'm sure these will be patched eventually.I personally want to say thank you to Ninja Theory for this game, it gives people suffering from psychotic mental illness like myself a voice and a way to give people an insight into our world, sheding some light on a subject held within controvercy and stigma.I'd happily give this game a 9/10 and recomend it to anybody."
,Recommended,414340,34320814,Posted: 17 August,all,Luisfius,"Extremely pretty game.It is for the most part a walking simulator, with combat between  exploration segments.I have not liked the previous  Ninja Theory games  I have tried (Enslaved was ridiculously pretty, but the combat was bad and the platforming  ridiculous, you could not jump unless the jump was guaranteed to succeed! What is the point then?) and DMC: DMC (both in gameplay, which was completely shallow compared to prvious entries in the series, and in narrative/characterization, everything it tried to do with Dante and Vergil's contrasts was done so much better in both narrative AND GAMEPLAY in DMC3, with how different their playstyle was but that is an entirely different rant).This game has some of the best, IF NOT the best motion capture and animation that I have seen, as well as an extremely  good art direction. It is an authentic audiovisual feast.The combat is... functional. It is stylish enough to be satisfying but the clear winning aspect is in the amazing visuals this has. Activating the ""focus"" mode leads to scenes and images that would be right at home in the Spartacus show.Seriously impressive stuff. I will definitey be revisiting this, unlike the other Ninja Theory games I have played.Also the price was  VERY nice."
,Recommended,414340,34668721,Posted: 1 September,all,MALTOOSH,"لعبة نفسية تخليك نفسية وتلعب في نفسيتكما أنصح تشتريها إذا أنت تتأثرما تنفع للصغار أبدا أبدا*Whispering*: Don't buy it... I told you buy it... you should buy it... He did it, he bought it !!"
,Recommended,414340,34155395,Posted: 10 August,all,Tycerax,"First and foremost: I'm not an expert and I don't know anyone in my life that has psychosis and/or schizophrenia (or let's say mental disorder).Senua has a troubled mind. She had a hard life; her love of her life was killed by the darkness that was consuming her. She was to blame, but how could've she prevented it? She couldn't fight the darkness that was burrowing inside her... Until now.I took my time with the game and beat it around 8,5 hours. This is not a game to rush or a game to beat multiple times (maybe once more to get all the info nodes). But it is well worth it.Also, consider buying a good pair of headphones to REALLY be in Senua's mind. It's MIND-blowing... *ba-dum-tss*8/10"
,Recommended,414340,34098930,Posted: 8 August,all,Baffle,"Awesome. I wish more games pick up on this direction and really start to create full-on experiences. THis game has incredible atmosphere. If they could take this and turn it into a 60 hour epic, I'd be in heaven... or HELL as the case may be..."
76561197983084422,Recommended,414340,34626944,Posted: 30 August,all,Al Coholic,"This is an absolute masterpiece. I have thought a lot about what I wanted to write in this review, but I have chosen not to write a novel. This has made my list of one of the best games I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,414340,34276000,Posted: 16 August,all,"""Sweeti Cheekz"" Bambeenz","I feel a little bad giving this game a thumbs down, as there is alot of thought and artistry behind certain aspects of the game, but I can't bring myself to finish it due to some glaring problems, and I'm not just talking about the technical issues. The fact that the game is reasonably priced is also a redeeming factor.When I first started playing, I was immediately swept up in the atmosphere and setting. References to 'Northmen' and having them depicted as large, demonic beings reminded me of one of my all-time favourite movies, 'Secret of Kells'. I have an interest in this period of history so I was excited to find out how the story would unravel, and the representation of Senua's psychosis by having the constant binaural 'chatter' playing through your headphones reminded me of that youtube video which attempts to simulate what it is like to have schizophrenia, to the point that I assume the developers may have been directly inspired by it. Initially, I thought it was interesting, but it gets incredibly irritating after a certain point, and I'm aware this may have been the intent behind it; to experience just how horrible it is to have such a condition, but in my experience it just made the game all the more hard to endure.  As for the story, it just tends to repeat itself and harp on particular things to an annoying extent. There is an ever-present, ambiguous 'darkness' that is constantly referenced, which an assortment of scary voices will talk to you about over and over with slight permutations. There are only so many ways I can hear ""The darkness will get you"" or ""Why do you fight? Let the darkness consume you"" before I start rolling my eyes and groaning. There are other aspects of the story that get needlessly repeated ad nauseam which I won't write here due to potentially spoiling the story.I was willing to ignore these problems simply for the sake of completion, but the previously mentioned technical issues turned me off doing so. These problems may vary from person to person, but while the game ran smooth as butter for about the first half I played, it all of a sudden started chugging badly and I was unable to break above 10 FPS or so. The annoying thing is that the movement and camera rotation is not adjusted accordingly, so with lower FPS it actually takes way longer to turn around or move, making the sections where you must explore the area to find shapes of runes in the environment unbearably tedious.The combat is not the primary focus of the game, but it is sufficiently satisfying and has similar elements to the combat from Ninja Theory's re-imagining of Devil May Cry. I'll probably ruffle a few feathers by saying this, but I kind of wish the game had expanded on that more and toned down the merely decent puzzle-solving and repetitious plot."
,Not Recommended,414340,35064538,Posted: 19 September,all,Most Wise Sadhguru,"It's a good game, until you encounter one of the various game-breaking bugs. Many other reviews here have touched on the positive points (of which there are many) so I'll simply warn you that a bug can present itself when you leave and restart the game after an autosave on the Valravn level whereby [mild spoilers ahead] all portals are rendered inactive and thus as a result you cannot progress through the level. I've done some research on this and the only way to circumvent this seems to be restarting your game entirely, which is quite annoying.I really enjoyed the first two hours of this game, but until a bug of this magnitude gets fixed I simply can't recommend it.UPDATE:  I played through the whole game. It's great and I really wish steam allowed non-binary reviews since I feel like it's great for what it is - the storyline is interesting, the graphics are great and the features such as Photo Mode are amazing (wish more games had that..), but I'll be sticking with my ""Not Recommended"" rating in light of the fact that multiple game breaking bugs are present within this release, and until they are fixed I wouldn't say this game is worth the full price investment.Apologies for any mistakes as English isn't my first language."
,Recommended,414340,34106498,Posted: 8 August,all,ksof,"Will take this kind of story-driven lineal adventure over any other blockbuster game. It has great directing, it feels the whole, the sound design is great: every bit of game is working together to create an experience, no game has ever offered. Though the actual gameplay lacks, it's not an amusement park shooting range with stupid♥♥♥♥♥cut scenes WITH MAJOR MARVY GETTING HIS TESTICLES CUT OFF."
76561198009342411,Not Recommended,414340,34671477,Posted: 1 September,all,Gdano,"I wanted to like this game so badly.I love third person story driven adventure games, I'm also interested in neuro-science, psychiatry and I love the celtic theme.So I was REALLY interested in this game.Problem is that after one hour and half I was so bored that I fall asleep multiple times.I know,  I probably should have played more... but I was not willing to take the risk of wasting the refund opportunity.So, why do I found this game so boring?- Seuna moves very slow (even when running) and maps are big and confusing- Story is interesting but exhausting. It's a constant assault of multple voices that talks to the player. Of course, it gives a good idea of mental illness (and it was interesting for a while) but the game never gave me a break.- Puzzles are repetitive  (I got the same -stupid- puzzle over and over)- Combats are slow and provided in an arena like fashion. Enemies are spawned in specific (and predictable) moments of the game, in wave-like order.- Fighting system is too simplicistic. I would have preferred to not have combats at all.- I found very hard to get affinity with the main character. She is too demented to me to arouse empathy- As far as i played that story was lacking of the necessary hook that bring me the desire to keep playingAdditionally, along side the boredom, I experienced other issues:- Graphics is weird. The main character is amazing, while the rest (maps and other characters) are just... bad: low polys, grany textures. It's literally like playing Tomb Raider 2013 with Lara Croft rendered as in Rise Of The Tomb Raider.  It's akward.- It's not possible to remove the much hated ""film grain"" effect of the Unreal Engine.- Frame rate is not stable at all- The new face technology provided by the Unreal Engine 4 looks promising, but in this game is kinda weird. Seuna's face, for my liking, is a little bit down in the uncanny valley. I think they should have lessen the ""realism"" a little bit in favour of a more artistic approachI am REALLY sorry to give a thumb down.I can see the developer put.. some kind of effort in this game, but I found the cons a big obstacle to get sucked in this adventure.-------------------What follows is a very personal opinion:To be completely honest (and blunt)... I smell this game has been made to squeeze sellings from Tomb Raider fans.It is clearly marketed as a Tomb Raider-ish game, while in reality is very far from TR.Making a good story-driven action game requires more works, more effort on the gameplay side.Ninja Theory has masked the huge lack of gameplay with a big show of lights and sounds.Some players are immune to this charade and see the game for what it is: a long corridor with the same three gameplay elements repeated over and over.It doesn't mean those players are not capable to appreciate a good story. It is the opposite actually.Because a good story-driven game should make use of the gameplay to enhance the story, not to water it down.Take TellTale games for instance. Their games have very little gameplay, but the story pace is crazy (even more dense than TV series and movies) and gameplay is used to boost just a little bit it.In this game we have the opposite: the gameplay is not serving the story. It's the story that is serving the gameplay, dragging it along the experience.This is a double problem to me because:- gameplay issues have not been solved (a substantial bad gameplay remains so)- the story get watered downAnother game that has the same issue: The Order: 1886"
76561198006823113,Not Recommended,414340,34264630,Posted: 15 August,all,hikimori911,"Each year there is a game that almost everyone like very much and that i couldn't enjoy as much as they can do.You should definitely try to play this game and support devs, but...... this game is simply boring. Yeah it has a really gorgeusaudio/musicandvisualsthatcould blow your mind, but overall plot and gameplay sucks.I have played Jotun that is also an indie game that based on scandinavian myths and there is the same problem -combat gameplay. It so simple and repetative so in the end it becomes more irritating than voices in the head of Senua. You could simply kill everyone if you repeat one roll and light attack until everyone die, even at hard difficulty. It distracts from enjoying atmosphere and destroys overall experience for me. IMHO less of combat like that or replacing it with QTA sequences probably could help. Because when you see that devs closed you with different combinations of the same enemies again and again it transforms into routine. There was only one exception - final battle that is fast-paced and more spectacular. I wish that every battle in game was at least such enjoyable.I want to notice that puzzle sequences are far better but sometimes you couldn't understand what do you need to do. I have spent up to 15 mins in one single area with blue inner glow(right before first meeting with Hela) around the screen to find out that i could interact or change something in this area.But voices in Senua's head... they are gorgeus. I wish i could enjoy this game more or at least help to make it better for someone else =("
76561198118675036,Recommended,414340,34136335,Posted: 9 August,all,Solaar Noble,"Overall I did enjoy the game but there was one thing that almost ruined the entire experience for me. The combat almost always felt drawn out. Drawn out to the point where I asked myself and others ""Am I suppose to just die here?"" numerous times throughout the playthrough, which made certain other parts just drag out even more (spoiler excluded). Overall story I enjoyed, atmosphere was amazing (the trial with darkness was probably my favorite part) but I think the game would feel even better if the fighting wasnt drawn out to complete boredom. I'd say the only main fight that didn't feel drawn out was the fire god and parts like the blood sea need to be toned down since you lose the atmosphere of the game because of it."
76561198119241118,Not Recommended,414340,34728964,Posted: 3 September,all,TotesNotHackr,"I wanted to like this game. I picked it up thinking it'd be thought provoking but it ended up making me feel unengaged with the boring puzzles, and bad fighting mechanics. This game ended up feeling more like a chore."
,Recommended,414340,34095877,Posted: 7 August,all,✪ Atill,"Okay,First of all i must say that i never seen anything from this game before, never heard of it 'till steam presented it to me this morning and i just bought it because i had money to spare on my wallet, i bought it 5 hours ago (literally) just before release and i just get thru the first puzzle (damn one) and i must say.I dont know what is happening (didn't read the synopsis) but main protagonist looks like have kinda a mental desease maybe? Pretty Voices in her head talking with she like different personas but yet herself maybe. Viking Runes and a search for someone that was important for her. (And she talks to a breathing coconut -jk)This game is Fabulous, the mechanics until now are great and it is the first game that uses Binaural sound in a decent way that made me shiver. Its so immersive and intuitive, the games doesnt have or need any kind of help, you will need to figure out everything by yourself, and nothing to complain i think this make the game awesome in its own way.If you are looking for something unusual, immersive and you are on a budget (come one, look at this attractive price.) just go for it, DONT THINK, JUST, GO!You will not regret it, thank me later.*Running in a Solid 60fps at 2560x1080 Res with i5 4th gen - 1060.A F12 Simulator.Amazing."
76561198283454721,Not Recommended,414340,34107214,Posted: 8 August,all,HamadBumaryoum,"Graphics and cinematics are amazing, but the gameplay too simple and boring. I feel like this should be a movie not a game."
76561198222647768,Recommended,414340,34105107,Posted: 8 August,all,zhangdoa,"A magnificent, dramatic, meticulous and incredible interactive art piece."
,Not Recommended,414340,34692905,Posted: 2 September,all,realitydroid,"It was fun for a couple hours. Afterwards, it just got really repetitive and boring. Honestly, unless you don't mind insane repition with nothing new going on beyond the first hours, I'd say avoid it. The game looks and sounds great, but the gameplay is just oversimplifiied and isn't very fun for long."
,Recommended,414340,34318712,Posted: 17 August,all,Hellblazer,This game was made to raise awareness on mental illnesses by driving us crazy. Now I recommend this game to everyone so that others may suffer through it like i did. Oh but the combat is actualy pretty fun and the game looks realy good.... yehelp
,Recommended,414340,34257328,Posted: 15 August,all,mahlie,"this is not meant to be a review but more of an attempt to give advice and an (of course highly subjective) opinion on the psychological part of the game and how much of an impact it could have on you if you experience/experienced psychotic phenomena/forms of mental behaviour that are depicted in this game. i can confirm that (for me) they are absolutely realistically designed, at least the auditory part. and this is certainly the case for the visual part as well. it does ""reality"" more than justice. depending on your individual weaknesses, these effects will be bothering you more or less. playing this game will, for the most part, probably not ""feel good"" or be ""a lot of fun"". if you are rather unskilled* with videogames in general AND sensitive in general, the effects the game uses will be quite unnerving and unsettling to the point where they might trigger certain kinds of (unwanted) mental states. especially if you experience symptoms like voice-hearing, etc. because the effects in this game will totally remind you of your ""real"" experiences. as someone who experiences a mild form of hearing voices as well as states of depersonalization and derealization i was able to play this nonetheless. i think it will depend on your current mental state and how ""stable"" you are. what i mean is this: if you are, for example, able to handle ""your voices"" in real life, consciously bear them and are aware of why and what they are, you might try this game, with caution. it didn't cause any serious problems for me. BUT it was not a pleasant thing to experience. and i don't think it is meant to be; that's not what the creators intended to make. this game can be seen as a very realistic simulation of symptoms of psychosis for somebody who doesn't have any experience with it. to provide an opportunity for understanding and getting an idea of this phenomenon.ps: in contrast to the mostly discomfort-inducing characteristics of the game, there is the (beautiful) ""trust your senses""-chapter, which to me felt very therapeutic and which transports a great and optimistic message. it is also the metaphorically most graceful chapter of the game with its simple but elegant coherence between visuals and meaning. if disfigureddistorted naked bodies in the darkdo not bother you. the same goes for playing the fighting scenes, which felt very energizing, cool and satisfying. this is especially true for the ""final battle"".*information/context concerning the difficulty of the game and its ""savegame reset mechanic"":played on ""easy"",died at least 50x throughout the game (in fights, fire, fell down, was caught by the hallucinations, etc.) and the game did not reset. the rot on my arm reached up to my shoulder at times and towards the end, and regularly used to decrease on its own so it neverreached the head."
76561197986902042,Recommended,414340,34392697,Posted: 21 August,all,Stormo,"The Short of It:Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is not for everyone, but those looking for a profound narrative experience will not be disappointed. Those who feel a game should be purely a test of their skill, a challenge to beat, or who feel there is no time for calm, gradual storytelling in games should look elsewhere.The Long of It:Senua, a Celt warrior departs on a quest to Hel, the underworld of the Northmen, to search for her lover, sacrificed in a Northman ritual. Hel, by its nature, does not welcome or tolerate the living, and she will have to make her way through illusions, puzzles and enemies, all there to stop her from reaching the Goddess Hela, who holds her lover's soul.Senua is not your typical hero, and Hellblade is not your typical heroes' tale. Instead of unwavering determination, inhuman levels of stamina and absolute moral virtue, Senua is a broken figure, even pitiable at times, struggling with a warped and failing sense of reality, sometimes kept together only by her love for Dillion. Her mental state is in such disrepair that there is no telling what is real and what isn't anymore, and the voices she hears in her head constantly assault her with contradicting information, sometimes helpful, sometimes hindering, and mostly distracting.The challenges Senua faces reflect her poor mental state, usually simply looking at the world differently is enough to realize the obstacle wasn't an obstacle at all until Senua sees it for what it is, and this design makes the journey much more convincing and succeeds in bringing Senua's tenuous grasp of reality across. Similarly, the ghosts of the Northmen Senua fights can only be fought efficiently when she has enough mental fortitude to focus fully on them, sometimes even needing to focus to make them materialize at all.All these elements combine to make Senua's Sacrifice an experience that is much more in line with a vision quest, rather than a test of player skill.The Right of It:As already mentioned, the challenges, obstacles and threats Senua faces are all very oriented towards illusion, deception and focus (or lack thereof), keeping them very well in line with the overall thematic of psychosis, presenting an obstacle for the player without overly breaking immersion or reminding him/her that (s)he is in a video game.Of course, Senua's Sacrifice' biggest strength is its storyline, delivery and depth. Melina Juergens' portrayal of Senua is, even with the ramifications of motion capture, extremely convincing, and very unconventional, steering away from the typical Hollywood delivery of mental ilness. She manages to put down a character that is at the same time believable and alien, pitiable and relatable, strong and deeply flawed. Modern video games, with their insistence on making heroes (and especially heroines!) infallible, or with 'pseudo-flaws' should take note. The acting does occasionally flirt with the overdramatic, but this is inevitable when dealing with this subject matter.Another thing which struck me as pleasantly surprising was that Senua does not fall into the trap so many heroes fall into, where they are depicted as supposedly haggard and worn, on the skin of their teeth, but still manage to look rather attractive. Senua's torment, both physical and mental, is clearly and brutally apparent, and as her body and mind reel from the blows and rot from the corruption, she really does look more and more wasted and sallow. Ninja Theory have clearly set out to break taboos on mental ilness and to do so without sugarcoating its effects.The world, too, is stunningly rendered, and some environments are simply jaw-dropping, all possessing some kind of beauty, some wondrous, others terrifying. In fact, the entire game is a treat for the eyes, and the photo mode, which lets you freeze the action and freely move the camera and apply all sorts of effects, makes for some impressive screencapping opportunities.The storyline, too, keeps the player interested without becoming opaque, and leaves the player guessing without becoming completely opaque. Like Senua, the player is left wondering what is real and what is nothing more than the hallucinations of a broken mind. Overall, Senua's Sacrifice succeeds very well in its storytelling, and the game mechanics and challenges support this very well.The game also deserves credit for providing a fresh perspective to a historic setting which is rather saturating media these days, and for not buying into the whole Vikingophilia that is currently so rampant, but actually showing the Vikings as the r*ping, murdering, genocidal maniacs they were, rather than the romantic and inaccurate stereotype modern media love to bring forward of bold and brave warriors of pagan virtue.However, Hellblade's heavy attention to storytelling does mean there are other aspects which weren't the primary focus.The Wrong of It:The most important caveat any reviewer should give to people interested in this game, is that it is not, by any means, an action-packed thrill ride full of flashy combos, ardenaline-fueled suspense, exciting dangers and mind-blowing explosions. Some of the more hyperbolic critics fault the game for having 'no gameplay at all', which is of course an absurd exaggeration, but the fact is that Senua's Sacrifice will have many times when the gameplay most closely resembles a walking simulator. This is something you will have to be very aware of before purchasing this game. Ninja Theory have toned down the action and focused more on the story experience, so don't buy this game looking for another Devil May Cry- or Heavenly Sword-like actionfest.Speaking of which, the combat is functional and adequately entertaining, but do not expect any profound easy-to-learn-difficult-to-master combat systems which other games so proudly tout. Most battles can be won by keeping your head in the game and relying on A-X-X-X-Y-Y combinations, and sometimes the fighting does feel somewhat repetitive. It gets the job done, but with that, everything is said.Since Senua's Sacrifice focuses on slow-paced storytelling, you will also have to accept that the puzzles are meant to make you take your time, and take your time you will, since many puzzles rely on some backtracking and experimenting, and Senua's slow walking and running speed might make things a bit tedious at times. The fact that almost all the hard obstacles in the game are played-straight versions of the Insurmountable Waist-High Fence trope can add to the impatience. Sometimes, you wonder why Senua makes a two-hour detour instead of just climbing a knee-high rock, wading some waist-deep water, or stepping between the unimpressive remains of a palisade. This requires some very active suspension of disbelief on the part of the player.Again, Senua's Sacrifice is a story-telling experience with challenges thrown in. It is important to realize this. Another small point of criticism is that it's rather short. It can be completed within twelve hours without hurrying. Then again, the price reflects this, as Ninja Theory were aware that its shorter length merited a lower price, making it a decent cost. If it comes on sale, the deal will be even better.The Last of It:Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an extremely well-written, well-delivered tour de force of storytelling and worldbuilding, and despite its occasional overdramatic moments, succeeds in truly providing the receptive player with a convincing, gripping, and even moving experience which he or she will not likely forget. Those tiring of the bog-standard, safe and lazy pseudo-storytelling of most triple-A games and their done-to-death, cardboard-copy protagonists will do very well not to pass this one up. Those who consider story and depth to be only minor aspects of a video game believing gameplay is the absolute criterium on which a game should be judged are better to direct their money elsewhere."
,Recommended,414340,34393364,Posted: 21 August,all,Augustus,I cannot recommend this game enough.Great storyGreat loreAwesome musicFitting and gorgeous sceneryIt is a crime not to play this game.
76561198123977442,Recommended,414340,34466386,Posted: 24 August,all,Ceres,Big thanks to Ninja Theory!    This game is absolutely fantastic!
76561197970839675,Recommended,414340,34470102,Posted: 24 August,all,Creadis,"This game at points is beyond words. The art that is human emotion is brought to light in this.. tragedy. Every persons loss.. every persons heartbreak.. every persons fear.. every persons insecurity.. comes together in a game, where anyone with an ounce of empathy almost feels overburdened by raw, pure, uncut human emotion. You cannot do this game justice with mere words. It could never be my favorite game, i've had too much fun playing other games. But i think this is one of the single most important and meaningful games ive ever played."
76561198365445165,Recommended,414340,34423974,Posted: 22 August,all,BenchSkwatDL,"Druth is truth!One-liner:Senua's Sacrifice is a short, uniquely brilliant gem. Step into Hel and piece together Senua's story as she tries to rescue her beloved. The game is an audiovisual masterpiece.Why I appreciate the game:It's very different from anything on the market. I've been playing video-games my entire life. Now, I'm what people would describe as a ""young professional."" Work keeps me busy and I find it very difficult for games to keep my attention, particularly story-driven games or RPGs. They're difficult to get into after being away due to life suddenly getting busy.A lot of games that come out nowadays offer nothing new. I've experienced it, or at least some form of it, before. All has happened  before and will happen again. The games fall into the same tropes using the same designs. It feels like a repetitive slog and the experience ends up feeling like a chore. Or, worse yet, comletely and utterly forgettable.Without spoiling anything, Senua's Sacrifice does things very differently. You can tell by the level of care and attention to detail Ninja Theory put in the game. Every minute is rich with things to experience. Each minute is a step closer to piecing together what happened to our tragic heroine. Words have meanings and double meanings. Best of all, the game can be completed from start to finish within seven or so hours -- short enough to keep me invested in the story.Audio:This is, by far the best part of the game. There's a reason why the game recommends you to use headphones. The audio is scripted in a way that builds suspense and helps add to the atmosphere of the game greatly.  Melina Juergens does a fantastic job with her debut as Senua. Without spoiling anything, the rest of the cast includes the renowned Steven Hartley (Eredin in Witcher), Chipo Chung, Oliver Walker and Nicholas Boulton (my personal favorite VA). They all perform flawlessly. It was an absolute joy to hear the narration or about Norse mythology whenever a runestone was interacted with.Visual:I'm running it on 1920x1080, 60FPS with highest settings. It is a visually magnificent game, with starkly contrasting settings. One minute, you'll be running around a hell-ish swamp while the next you'll be in a lush-green garden. The juxtaposition is done really well. Each of the areas feels very memorable and purposeful. They all tie into the story, slowly unraveling what you've got yourself into. Graphical bugs were minor and a non-issue. You should definitely check out their Dev Diaries to see how it's made.Gameplay:- A great mix of exploration, puzzles, survival, world-building and combat.- If you die, you accumulate rot. If the rot reaches your head, Senua's journey starts a new.- The voices are quite unnerving.Combat:Repetitive. Not flashy. Not very challenging even on the hardest difficulty. Not much variety of mobs in-game (total of maybe six variants to fight, three bosses and a couple of more non-combat ones). Do not purchase this game if you want a fulfilling, God-of-War hack and slash game. You know when you're walking into a fight.That said, each hit feels as if it has weight behind it and many of the fights felt quite suspenseful.OVERALL: 10/10.It's perfect for what it is. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an innovative, artistic masterpiece. The game is the culmination of audiovisual excellence. The story is gripping, far different from anything I've ever experienced. DO buy this game if you're looking for something different. DO NOT buy this game if you're looking for an RPG, something with a lot of replayablity, or the next Heavenly Sword."
,Recommended,414340,34474919,Posted: 24 August,all,Solipsisticurge,"Tentative recommendation. I enjoyed the hell out of this... many won't.First off, this is probably the most simply gorgeous game I've ever played. If you care about graphical quality, definitely check this out. More stylistic than photorealistic, but even still, Senua shows nuanced facial expressions throughout, and manages to avoid the uncanny valley more often than she falls in. The backdrops and animations are simply beautiful as well. Hell has an amazing view at all times.The story and main character resonated deeply with me for personal reasons, but this game is utterly disturbing and disorienting. It became positively *draining* at times, necessitating a quick break, but I always jumped right back in after a few minutes. It maintains a pervasive sense of dread throughout, far better than most modern horror games.The gameplay consists primarily of exploration and solving visual puzzles, with combat strewn periodically. The puzzles can get dull after a while, but are mostly simple to solve and easily passed. The combat is tense and rewards patience and proper timing. The camera occasionally gets stuck in an inopportune position during fights, which can lead to some frustration as you try to defensively escape the situation without dying.Play with headphones or not at all, unless you've got the mother of surround sound systems hooked up.The game is quite short. I spent roughly ten hours and missed only two of the optional lore glyphs. For the askign price and the quality of the experience, I feel it was well worth it, though others might well disagree. Do not expect to get 70+ hours out of this.Finally, support it for what the studio's trying to do here. An indie game with this level of production value, still at an indie price point? The quicker we can make this the go-to business model and starve the parasitic AAA publishers out of the industry (or force them to change their ways to accommodate), the better."
76561198064673422,Recommended,414340,34284159,Posted: 16 August,all,JAKETHEHAKE,"I don't really write reviews, but this game made me have to say how awesome it was. Its an epic dark journey which is definitely worth your time. 10/10"
76561197970417291,Recommended,414340,34193940,Posted: 12 August,all,Karnath,"Stunning !! Ninja Theory has created something outstanding. The audio team have worked magic, the voice acting is superb and Hellblade has to be one of the best examples of how audio can be used to enhance a game.Graphics and animation are beautiful, complimented with the audio only adds to the games intense feeling. The indepth story flows and takes you deeper into Senua's world / mind. The price is an absolute bargain for the amount of love that has been put into this game.Thank you Ninja Theory, I'm looking forward to the next adventure"
76561198101395895,Recommended,414340,34096894,Posted: 7 August,all,Huckleberry Reese,"This is a good indie game, it is a thumbs up for you if you have a decent enough computer and the patience to not skip those long-winded cinematics. Personally, I am not quite into it. But its graphics is worth mentioning, normally you don't expect an indie game would have such an amazing graphics, seriously you cannot tell whether it's a movie or a game at the first sight when your graphics settings is on high or above.Pros:+Amazing graphics.+Smooth and natural movements.+Decent combat.+Runs pretty well with controller.+Nice voice acting.Cons:-optimization currently needs some improvement, GTX 965m barely handle 50FPS on LOW setting and if you're thinking of playing this game on your laptop, beware that your computer would get super hot when running this game. unless you're living in some cold places or you have some methods to cool down your computer, otherwise, rethink it."
,Recommended,414340,34098319,Posted: 8 August,all,Feroby,"The future of immersive storytelling in games. No microtransactions, sidequests or all that other fluff to fill up content that isn't there. You're immersed from the first minute of the game and it doesn't let you go. Combat feels smooth and visceral.Great audio, heaphones definitely recommended.Look forward to progressing through the story."
76561198002947538,Recommended,414340,34104694,Posted: 8 August,all,Beazl3y,"Fantastic game apart from one minor issue. I played for almost 5 hours solid and the last 30 minutes of that was in the same space trying to match an f rune, in seemingly the correct spot to no avail.I am unsure whether this is a bug as I can see that others have finished the game but for whatever reason I cannot find how to get past this spot.Any help would be appreciated as just the leaf R rune was hard enough to find due to my bolour blindness but this f has me stumped!Would love some help!"
,Recommended,414340,34106546,Posted: 8 August,all,Havoc,"Only finished a section of the game (beat a first boss) and I feel like my purchase was already worth it. Among other things, the atmosphere is unprecedented, and the combat extremely satisfying ala Dark Souls. Probably not for everyone - that I can tell - but can't wait to play more"
,Recommended,414340,34107240,Posted: 8 August,all,кожаный ублюдок,"This is Dear Esther meeting Silent Hill and a movie called Valhalla Rising. Slow paced and nighmarish, it's kinda triple A indie focused on storytelling with some combat and landmark pixelhunting. Maybe it is how dead quest genre should look like in 2017"
,Recommended,414340,34111078,Posted: 8 August,all,Oz Wizard,"This immersive story will bring you inside the complex mind of Senua adventuring in Niflheim, ""the world of darkness"". This game is powerful, poetic and beautiful; it can make you feel the fear, the doubt, the sadness of the story while giving the hope to go on, to keep fighting for the only thing that can save you: Love.I love the way it brings you inside the most strange and mysterious world of Norse mythology, keeping accurate the old poems and tales. It's like feeling the dreams and beliefs of the ancient Scandinavians, but exploring an unknown branch of the known stories.This is a really strong game, alienating and stunning. I still hear the voices in my head.I want to give my truly compliments to the soundtrack choice, from the beginning to the ending titles (they choose some of my beloved bands :P).Disclaimer: This game is NOT a powerplay game. Yes, there is action, the skills are basic: attack, dodge, etc, but the combat part is still really well made. Anyway, even if the combat is pleasurable, this game is NOT about action, and I like that.PS: Don't play without headphones, and while you aren't relaxed or on a hurry: you need to taste it."
76561198040997218,Recommended,414340,34120844,Posted: 9 August,all,Dil Kirk,"A great game all around!! Sure, combat is basic and the game is pretty linear but, if you're like me and get more out of story heavy games.  This one does it the absolute best!! The graphics, the atmosphere, the voice acting,  every single thing in this game lends a hand to its immersive story telling and it is a work of pure art! Definitely worth it."
76561198321468679,Recommended,414340,34129355,Posted: 9 August,all,NotKoniec,"The game of my life. If you like to do puzzle with magic mirrors and masks that change the world in good or bad you may check this game. After 5 blowmind puzzles reaching that unique boss and fighting like a mad man cuz you can't afford to die desirve alright the money. having the best sound, voice actress, combo, cinematic, story and setting you up ready to take the celtic hell in your heart and move foward no matter what it's just a part witch makes this game probably the most unique of all the time. The only thing that was hard to swallow was the camera moves, having so many puzzles with a stiff camera it's not that nice. But i will ignor this and continue saying that this is the game of my life"
,Recommended,414340,34145429,Posted: 10 August,all,Arthu,"First off: don't spoil yourself on the internet about this game.It's an intense story driven playable nightmare about mental illness and how to process the loss of a person.This ""game"" is more an interactive movie with puzzles and passages of combat mixed in than a gameplay driven adventure or roleplay title. In a traditional sense this game is not about having fun but about being educated what mental illness could feel like and how it is to live being affected with such condition.To achieve its' goal the game is focusing on atmosphere and narrative rather than on gameplay while on the same time being not a glorified walking sim.One could call it a psychological horror trip even. I really enjoyed my time with it.If this does sound appealing to you give it a try.Edit: corrected some typos."
,Recommended,414340,34134360,Posted: 9 August,all,EvenKeeld,"The only game I've ever played that is anywhere close to this is Spec Ops: The Line. Many hated that game but I think they didn't get it.Hellblade takes the concepts from The Line and blows them out of the water. I've found myself tensed up just by the voices in Senua's head telling me I'd fail, kudos to Ninja Theory for nailing that. Soundbar users will miss out on much in this title due to audio being very important. Headphones or a legit multi channel AVR are required."
76561198010403528,Recommended,414340,34189391,Posted: 12 August,all,Sgt. Zim,One of the best indie games I've ever played.The game is built from history giving Hellbalde tons of substance. Graphics are so well done to the point of them being AAA the same goes for the sound design. Hellblades fighting mechanics rival if not surpass many AAA titles in my opinion.I will be watching out for more Ninja Theory games in the future if this is the standard they have set for themselvesHellblade is a must have for any gamer that loves a good story
76561198280745240,Recommended,414340,34103699,Posted: 8 August,all,sca,"Played for an hour and half, killed one boss.+ Graphics are good+ Story line good+ Fighting looks a bit easy and boring in the beginning, but when added three or four ennemies in the same time, start to be more challenging and technical. When you fight one monster, you might think the others in your back won't attack, well you would be wrong. Verdict : nice+ The voices are great, especially when you fight, if you are loosing, they will say ""she can't make it, she is going to die"", if you are winning, they say ""now finish him, you can do it, etc."" It's really a nice idea, add something to the fights.- The idea of having to find runes in the surrounding is nice, there is help too with light (kinda hot/cold system), but it's always the same and get's boring. I've made so far all the road to Surtr, and it was just this kind of puzzle, I hope they changed a bit the system for the other levels, but I don't think so....- Boss fights are good, but too easy.Anyway I recommend this game, it's an okay game and the price is more than fair."
76561198016836822,Recommended,414340,34142915,Posted: 10 August,all,Willow,"Absolutely worth the money, best single player game I've played in a long long time."
76561198025212397,Recommended,414340,34144967,Posted: 10 August,all,ignalina,"If only AAA games were like this. Short, polished, original, trippy, reasonably priced."
,Recommended,414340,34179889,Posted: 11 August,all,FonzoUA,Massive respect to NinjaTheory for this experiment.Its quite a unique gaming experience that very few games can provide. Do yourself a favor and play this game. You won't regret it
,Recommended,414340,34671997,Posted: 1 September,all,curiouspers,"This game is beautiful!You will really feel struggling to overcome mental disorder.It looks and sounds gorgeous, it's very athmosperic, has an interesting story, battles are tough and interesting enough, puzzles are well.. puzzles.Game is not too long, 8-12 hours, highly recommended.You can take a look at first hour with no commentshere"
,Recommended,414340,34096801,Posted: 7 August,all,LeoSaysNO,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fantastic. I had never heard of it until earlier today but as soon as I saw the trailer I was instantly intrigued. The game centers around the protagonists mental illness and it is done masterfully. Rarely is mental illness treated this realistically and truthfully and in fact, the very first credit when the game begins is the mental health advisor. The graphics, sound design and voice acting are beyond good and the combat, while on the easier side, is really fun and visually stunning. If you like story driven games, ♥♥♥♥in, get this game asap.10/10 IGN or something"
,Recommended,414340,34110766,Posted: 8 August,all,Draquesha,"I recommend this game there is no doubt, i felt so often uncomfortable in the 1.5 hrs if already played this game and i love it. The atmosphere is what makes this game so great for me.The voices telling you what to do and what not, almost arguing with each other in some parts.You will get a pretty good game for 30€.Pro:- very atmospheric- beautiful graphics- good sounds- can be challenging due to the permadeath, if you die too often- storytelling is great, but linear (as far as i played)- photo modeCons:- a bit boring combat- repetitive with the ""puzzles"""
,Recommended,414340,34121007,Posted: 9 August,all,angelsenvy,"This game is a masterpiece. An epic love-letter to video games, a work of cinema, the most realistic graphics and animations I've ever seen. Possibly the most well-made game I've ever played. A MUST play"
76561197983740996,Recommended,414340,34770823,Posted: 6 September,all,Chane,"As you cross the swamp in your tiny canoe, you are determined to continue into the heart of darkness, into the heart of hell. There is nothing left behind, nothing to return to, nothing that could make you turn back. The skull of your beloved, cautiously rolled into a linen cloth, is dangling from your belt, while you evenly plunge the paddle into the green water.The surrounding silence of the swamp remains unnoticed by Senua. She's never alone. From start to end of Hellblade the voices accompany her, accompany you. They won't stop. Constantly gnawing in your head, the voices are the most unique and dominant feature in 'Hellblade - Senua's Sacrifice'. They help you to understand what to do and their comments continuously reveal aspects of Senua's past, which will gradually give you the possibility to understand her history.There is a reason for the games recommendation to play it with headphones. I did and the experience was extreme. While it's a blast at the beginning, I felt the urge to rip the headphones from my ears towards the end of the game.As a portrayal of a harrowing live with psychosis the voices undoubtedly succeed. Hellblade uses Senua’s sickness as a route into an excellent story about her inner struggle, love and loss.The game does not take you by the hand. There's no tutorial, no hud, no objective, no map. Even fighting is not explained but thankfully it's very intuitive. As Senua, it is up to you to reveal your own story, as you wander deeper and deeper into hells circles and if you wish to get the most out of this game, you better don't read too many reviews or view videos of 'Hellblade - Senua's Sacrifice'.Hellblade unfolds like a beautiful, dark, tense visual novel. The game tells a story of confusion, sadness, fear and loss and it's punctuated by moments of beauty and strength that leaves a lasting impression.Combat is extremely intense and gripping. To me, the fights are among the highlights of this game, although they are unbalanced in terms of difficulty and only side events on Senua's journey.This game is something that just doesn't come around every day. And as unique as the story is, are the puzzles. You have to find Norse symbols in your environment and are guided by strange light effects that first made me believe the graphics were bugged. In fact they are not. It's a very smart form of puzzle that's very unique.Hellblade shows a masterclass of atmosphere, story telling, fighting and puzzles. It all wonderfully comes together to form one extremely unique gaming experience as never seen before.The true achievement of this game is it creates something exceptional new. Not everybody will like this game, but for sure the developers created a very special game that deserves respect for it's innovations.Pros:- incredibly strong atmosphere- very good, but not outstanding graphics- extremely intense fights, fighting looks and feels fantastic although the attack and defend options are limited- very good sound effects, rain, thunder, birds, wind, rustling leaves, burning fire, waves, horns in the distance, waves, all this adds a lot to the atmosphere- the voices make this game special and they are not only an expression of schizophrenia but also help players understand what to do- fantastic puzzles with a very unique new idea- strong, disturbing light and graphic effects that the developers are not afraid to accelerate to an extreme level- everything feels extremely vibrant- mainly no music, only sound effects, which strongly adds to the gripping atmosphere- good music in the few moments it's played- possibly best ever interpretation of hell in a video game. I'm sure Dante would approve.- very emotional end (although I didn't fully understand it)- photo mode lets you stop the game, move the camera and take photos with different filters (I took more than 1000 screenshots)- very intense aspects of horrorNeutral:- graphics are softened and grained without the option to disable the graining. I did not mind, but some players might.- extremely disturbing story, especially towards the end of the gameCons:- frame-rate drops at the beginning of the game- repetitive gameplay- no map, although it's a linear game I got lost a couple of times walking in the wrong direction- unbalanced boss fights, some where laughable easy while other seemed almost impossible to beat"
,Recommended,414340,34769190,Posted: 5 September,all,[GW] Killnaytor™,"What a game! I feel this game is going to be in the list of games that left you awestruck. I will keep this game right next to Bioshock, Bioshock Infinite, Spec Ops etc.A game so captivating, I finished it in one sitting (thank god it wasnt a 100 hour+ game) A game that made me sit on my chair while the credits flow through to just think and revist everything that happened the past 8 hours.At this point I am just out of words. I wrote this review right after finishing the game so that I can write this review while the game/emotion is still fresh within me.The sound and music in this game is outstanding. In my eyes, one should play this game ONLY with headphones on; only  then fair justice is given to the amazing sounds in this game.Senua's graphics are on point, the environment is at par to say the least. I experienced just one bug where I fell down a ""bottomless well"" and had to quit to main menu to fix it.Ok, so what about the cons?Well, the gameplay is a bit lackluster, the combat is ""meh"" and the puzzles though rewarding; may for some feel a bit redundant and thus boring.To conclude I would say It's more of an experince than a game. That could be both a pro or a con depending on you.PS. The Photomode, is the best feature ever!!! Especially for a guy like me who has (at the time of writing) 945 Screenshots uploaded on Steam."
76561197980734862,Recommended,414340,34403782,Posted: 21 August,all,All_Outta_Puns,"Hellblade was a huge surprise to me. I never expected such a raw, emotional gem from the company that gave me the over-the-top DMC. This is not a long game. I beat it the first time in maybe 5-6 hours. But the experience is fluid and powerful. It is a creative and revolutionary (at least for me) look at psychosis and mental illness, but it goes beyond that. I think that anyone who has struggled with their own selves can relate to this. It was a beautiful game, and I whole-heartedly recommend it to everyone and anyone. The subject matter is difficult to experience at times, but it never feels exploitative or gross. It feels honest and heartfelt. Just excelent. It was so good that even the occasional bug didn't stop me from being emersed in the experience."
,Recommended,414340,34807218,Posted: 7 September,all,BeeSlayer,Amazing. one of few listings on steam that can be described as an Experience rather than just a Game
,Recommended,414340,34365011,Posted: 19 August,all,Rodrigues,Amazing!
,Recommended,414340,34268656,Posted: 15 August,all,SaltySkramz,"While this game may not be for everyone, this is a once in a lifetime experience and one of the best experiences I've had in interactive media in years. Ignore the rushed reviews and the people who claim it's bad even though they barely played it if at all. This is a story woven from deep psychological torment as well as nordic mythology as you begin an odyseey to get back the soul of your lover while fighting your own demons and the madness within you. The gameplay is a combination of light puzzles and combat, I would compare the combat to the recent batman games, kinda shallow but very stylistic and flashy, think witcher 3 bladedancing. While comparing to other games, I would say it would make a dark souls player feel right at home as the game does not hold your hand at all but rather treats the player like an intelligent person and trusts that you can use the environment and sound effects to navigate the harsh world you'll be exploring.I can't praise this game enough, I'm sorry."
,Recommended,414340,34346277,Posted: 19 August,all,wind-zone,"First off let me say this. never have i  written a review on any game until this one. but that's the thing, this isn't just a ""game"" it is in fact an exprience. It truly brings me back to the good ole days where games weren't just about grahpics and cash shop (although this game is quite beautiful) etc. But rather the story and how deep it can truly run. The anguish that this poor young woman goes through. The pain of trying to continue on when all odds are without a doubt stacked against you. It is truly captivating and i implore you, your friends, my friends, anyone to stop being stingy and get this game sit down, alone in the dark and just play and enjoy the immersion.Like for real it's 30 bucks. That in itself is just amazing because honestly games that are compared to trash have been sold at a way higher price then this and i truly believe this is a masterpiece. 10/10 man for real."
76561198043943836,Recommended,414340,34346067,Posted: 19 August,all,TT_YY,"This game feels like a great human journey. I don't even like that kind of game usually, and I haven't been able to finish a single player game in the past 5 years ...If you are currently wondering whether or not you should play it, don't read any more reviews, don't watch any gameplay video : just buy it. Take the risk to be disappointed, because missing the experience you can have if you enjoy it is a far greater one !"
,Recommended,414340,34417505,Posted: 22 August,all,Mugen,Do you know the definition of insanity?
,Recommended,414340,34465167,Posted: 24 August,all,TjkHunter10,The ending f**kin killed me.
,Recommended,414340,34197703,Posted: 12 August,all,Rick,"Great story, soundtrack, and combat system (although, there isn't a ton of combat). Great price for a great game.Hellblade 2: Ragnarok, please."
,Recommended,414340,34197276,Posted: 12 August,all,Hunter41/26,Seriously intense game but one of the best i have played this year
76561197973790372,Recommended,414340,34258490,Posted: 15 August,all,Game0n360,"To be honest, i wasnt expecting much from this game, i had heard very little about it prior and it just didnt seem like the kind of game i could get into. I saw a review on this game on one of my subscribed channel on youtube that talks about ultrawide gaming today. Since im a very big advocate for the 21:9 aspect ratio and this game does it so well on it i decided to try it out especially since its only $29. i would admit the first few minutes i was a little skeptical about it being good but now after over 4 hours playing it i am proud to say i am a no longer in doubt about the quality of this game. This is easily one of the best games ive played this year. 5 thumbs up"
76561198038368452,Recommended,414340,34441133,Posted: 23 August,all,The Puma,"Ignore the haters. Combat 10/10 , Story 11/10. Best severed head carrying simulator ever made."
76561197997882534,Recommended,414340,35205138,Posted: 25 September,all,[CARN] VAMP,One of the best games I have played in a long time. Very well done! Very good story.
76561198029581253,Recommended,414340,34141671,Posted: 10 August,all,Dance220,"Wow. This is one of the most unique games i've come across in while. You get completely sucked into the world from the beginning and it doesn't let up. It's most definitely about the story and the smooth gameplay is the icing.I'd recommend headphones and a willingness to let go of typical game constructs and enjoy something different and magnificent.I love it. Thank you, Ninja Theory :)"
,Recommended,414340,34516739,Posted: 26 August,all,Like a Dream,"A fantastic and very cinematic game that further solidifies video games as a legitimate artform, just like movies or books. I recommend taking your time with this one to fully appreciate it's wonderful presentation, visuals, and voice acting. Being available for only 30$ makes it an incredible offer and one that you won't regret.Unfortunately I have a very bad feeling that this game is going to be overlooked and is going to be frequenting Watchmojo-esque ""Top 10 Games You Haven't Played"" videos in a few years time. Help prove me wrong and experience this masterfully crafted game yourself."
76561197985832220,Recommended,414340,35046991,Posted: 18 September,all,Zach,"One of the few games I would consider a work of art, its an unexpectedly touching experience and its merit lies in the fact that a game like this isnt in demand. There are no overwhelming calls for a realistic psychosis simulation, set against a backdrop of celtic and norse dogma. From a visual perspective, it is a beautiful game, with Senua's rendering one of the most impressive.Like games such as Limbo, I feel no real desire to play it again after completing it, but the experience itself was well worth the purchase."
76561197961193020,Recommended,414340,34119594,Posted: 9 August,all,GIAH,Great VisualsGreat StoryGreat LoreGreat PsychologyGreat ThrillsA game worth playing.
76561197987123664,Recommended,414340,35136641,Posted: 22 September,all,Martial.Lore,"Wow! What an amazing game! Extremely intense to play. Exciting, terrifying and disturbing, but also incredibly beautiful. An epic, mythic quest story told through the experience of a psychotic young Pictish woman seeking to retrieve her dead lover's soul from Hel, the Norse hell, after he was sacrificed to the Viking gods. It is more than a game: it's an experience not to be missed. Some reviewers have called Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice a work of art (aren't most games?) but it's more than that. It's proof that indie developers can produce AAA titles, an almost perfect game that results from the perfection of a pure, creative vision. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a great work of art. Highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,414340,34278717,Posted: 16 August,all,ObsessioN <R>,"i dont usually do serious reveiws so short an simple first offPrice 30$ not an issue costs 30$ to see a movie here.This is probably one of the most important if not most important game i have ever played, The range of emotions i went through for this character alone gave me the value.Very immersive atmospheric story, brilliant voice acting all round / character animations.Music thoes few times you do have combat sequences the music comes alive and made me want to fight even more, anyone whos a fan of viking music will enjoy it.Games style graphics are beautiful i played it Maxed out at 2k at 60fps combat is simple but effective i never felt any problem with it.  Puzzels while simple they fit perfectly in the games deisgn an message its trying to push across.There is not much i can honestly fault i have over 20hours on the game just by walking around everywhere instead of running / taking screenshots and listening to the voices in her head / storys from the rune stones even though i missed one.Highly recommend the game if you like viking mythology / music / Rich effective story telling with a character you will beleive is suffering.Be sure to watch the video in the title screen after playing if you dont know much of the developement process, this was a tricky game to pull off and i feel they have executed it beautifully.Thank you Ninja Theory"
76561197987536128,Recommended,414340,34096185,Posted: 7 August,all,Joeski,This game is already messing with my head in the best/ worst way.The setting and story for this is already super enticing. Combat fairly basic yet very satisfying.Visuals are stunning.And the voices... the voices. They're helpful. Guiding. Mocking. Terrifying. Everything. Constantly. Definitely play this alone with headphones on in darkness for that maximum pls stop blending my mind and emotions feeling.
76561198030076132,Recommended,414340,34123564,Posted: 9 August,all,bigfuzzydog,"Let me start by saying that I dont know what is like for people that suffer from schizophrenia or other mental illnesses. This game really does give you a feeling of paranoia and should definitely be played with headphones. Hearing the voices through headphones while playing is an experience in its self. I found myself actually physically, not in the game, turning around and looking behind myself from time to time and it felt like someone was actually standing behind me speaking in my ear. It gave me a feeling of paranoia so much so that when my mother walked in and tapped me on my shoulder I nearly jumped out of my chair and my heart started pounding. If nothing else this game is an interesting experience. The combat so far isnt that challenging but I am not that far into the game. The difficulty so far is not that hard which typically turns me away from a game but it doesnt take away from the experience of the game. I have played so far with a keyboard and mouse and havent had much of a problem with the controls but I do think that the controls might be better with a controller. Overall this game is interesting and I would recommend it to any of my friends"
76561198095984588,Recommended,414340,34148188,Posted: 10 August,all,Zancrov,"If you are looking for an amazing, new and fresh story, this game has one of the best stories I've seen.The game should be played WITH HEADPHONES, since the way the voice acting is done is amazing, the way you can be walking down a path and a voice behind your ear whispers 'wrong way', and you start to doubt yourself, whether you're doing things correctly or not.Senua's acting is phenomenal, it's almost like watching a movie, the story and main character may not be exactly relatable, but you can sympathise with them. You feel connected to them to the end.The game has no UI, no HUD, nothing to tell you information about the game, none of the controls are explained, no help prompts pop up during the game. Instead the game has the voices in your head tell you what to do.The gameplay is simple, how it is meant to be. The game is meant to be a story-driven experience. This does not mean that it is bad however, I personally really enjoyed it since all the puzzles are based on your perception of things which plays nicely with the idea of a psychosis-ridden main character.The combat is a simple hack and slash but where it shines is the lack of any sort of UI, you do not know how much more you can get hit, you don't know how much stamina you have. Both of these exist but the game relies on you learning from experience."
76561198091544304,Recommended,414340,34123369,Posted: 9 August,all,Ghettochild_2600,"I've haven't reviewed on here before, but after finishing the game I found it so enjoyable that I had to share my thoughts. I've been suffering from ""gamer lag"" for awhile and was looking for a unique experience away from the run of the mill hack'n'slash/grinding/questing/leveling games. Hellblade:Senua's Sacrafice turned out to be just what I was looking for.There is no leveling system, skill tree, crafting, or character customization options and If there was it would probably take away from what the developers were trying to accomplish, providing the best possible experience of perceiving and being submerged into a world from another's perspective. Some would argue about the 3rd person over-the-shoulder camera. However, I think this game gets away with it and helps with character immersion. The only side effect being that you may find yourself suddenly wanting dreads...The game has a well balanced puzzle/enemy conflict ratio, which gets more overwhelming as you play through. The fighting/controls are easy to figure out though I did find myself using specific tactics depending on the type of enemy as the game progressed with increasing difficulty. At times I did find the ""voices"" to be a little overwhelming, but Senua does suffer from psychosis after all so I can't argue against that. In the end this game has given me a new appreciation for NOT hearing voices in my head. For that I am giving it my recommendation."
,Recommended,414340,34098166,Posted: 8 August,all,Five5staR,"I'm having an amazing experience in this game so far. The developers put a lot of effort into creating an amazing atmosphere and ambience throughout gameplay. They do this effectively through sound and graphics, the game looks beautiful and the textures and effects blend into the world seamlessly. Animations are beautiful and believable, use of mo-cap was phenomenal. The different variations in the voices Senua hears are intricate and well-placed, and countless times I looked over my shoulder thinking someone in the room was talking to me.The gameplay is simple but solid, movement can seem a tad sluggish but nothing you haven't experienced before in different games. Combat is decent but I can perceive the forced lock-on to be a turn off for some people. I personally have no problem with it.The story is one reason alone to buy this game, it's a good experience to have as it brings awareness to people who hallucinate voices, a condition that has a stigma created by earlier games or movies. Hellblade shines new light on the matter, having extensive research done to create an authentic viewpoint.Highly recommend this game.Here's my first hour of gameplayhttps://youtu.be/qmsLcVDa6yQ"
,Recommended,414340,34104208,Posted: 8 August,all,SektoR,"Pros:-Great graphics-Probably the best storytelling in a video game-Headphones make this game feel alive-Nordic lore at its darkest and finest-Puzzles are great-Fluid combat-30 eu priceCons/what to fix in the second game:-Extremely linear-Combat is not seamless, it comes in sequences-Next to 0 interaction in the world-No customization of playstyle, like gear/combat moveset/upgrades"
,Recommended,414340,34111105,Posted: 8 August,all,Julveyo,"Her face was pale,Her body smashed,Her beauty's gone.""Isn't it a shame"",The reaper said.<,,,>Take my hand.Just hold my hand.I'll take you there;Your pain will go away.Demons and Wizards - ""Fiddler on the Green"""
,Recommended,414340,34121593,Posted: 9 August,all,GreyCat,Now i hear even MORE voices in my head!... 10/10
,Recommended,414340,34417285,Posted: 22 August,all,Philipp,"One of the most visually impressive games I've ever played, writing anything else in this review would spoil the game so just go ahead and play it."
,Recommended,414340,34185976,Posted: 12 August,all,dewie! [wi],A masterclass of story telling. Worth the $30 price tag.
,Recommended,414340,34136925,Posted: 9 August,all,LizardsPenguin,"Great game. Love the atmosphere and audio. With a good headset, there are plenty of moments in this game that will give you chills :)"
,Recommended,414340,34163770,Posted: 11 August,all,Alice,"The main 'pull' of Hellblade - Senua's Sacrifice is definitely it's outstanding narrative and how it portrays mental illness. The game absolutely excels in terms of atmosphere and sound design and is at times horrifying, at times beautiful.I disagree with the criticism that the gameplay gets repetitive - yes, if the game was any longer than it is (it took me 8 hours to complete), more enemy variety or more different puzzles would start to be necessary. But in its current shape and form, I thought the game uses it's relatively limited puzzle mechanics in a variety of clever ways, playing with perspective and perception to create new challenges.Well worth the 30$ I bought it for."
,Recommended,414340,34417643,Posted: 22 August,all,IFOSFORI,"PLZ, any who can buy it - do that ! Its amazing game ( not for everyone) feels and play like a film. Yeah , it short and sometime feel boring ( just a bit ) but still I cant realize how a small group of people with a same small budget can create such AMAZING product ( YEAH EA\UBI - SUCK THIS !!!)"
76561198058304522,Recommended,414340,34112226,Posted: 8 August,all,Xevak,"If you want an RPG game where you go around killing bad guys and getting phat lootz... this isn't for you. However, if you want an engaging story that really does its job of conveying the character's psychosis, then it just might be. The fighting may be very primative, but I feel this only adds to the feel of the game. If you can appreciate the story and art of the game, and not just in the aesthetics sense, and don't mind some maybe ""basic"" gameplay in return for a magnificent storytelling experience, then I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,414340,34109529,Posted: 8 August,all,Vik_king1,"This games is very great to play. I was skeptic in the begining since good games always have an outraging price for their games and Ninja Theory proved us wrong. For a 30$ games this is insane.Graphics are excellet.Game mechanic is not good but great since you have to be on point when you block or attack.Story so far is great ( I started hearing voices in my head after playing for 10min) and it did not let me down.No glitches so far.As far as I have played this games, it is enjoyable with mystery and Crazy voices.and Awesome to play.After finishing the game it will give us a hope of a continue of Senua's story but thats just my opinionHere is a GamePlay Videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8idhhbAWtnw&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,414340,34101543,Posted: 8 August,all,Jammy,"If there were any justice in the world, Melina Juergens would win best actress in a leading role.The game isn't for everyone, i knew that buying it. Its for those who prefer a shorter game that is hand-crafted over the open-world, but deep as a puddle.I will edit this to represent the game properly and to be honest, i didn't know there was a heavy reliance on puzzles to unlock doors. Finding symbols and aligning them to unlock a door can be ... Sometimes it aligns itself without me knowing where it was, sometimes i see it but i gotta move around to get it to click.Edit: Puzzle's aren't at all an issue if you get used to their mechanics, they're still heavily utilized.Take an hour off of my gameplay time and you'll have the amount of time to finish the campaign. Only achievement i haven't gotten is about finding all ruins (sorta audio logs of the game).Linear, atmospheric, story-rich, psychological horror, hand-crafted levels that are far more unique than any i've seen in games recently, well-paced and goodness me, the voice acting.The lead was amazing and the antagonist was just ... wow.The combat is very basic, but efficient. The enemies/bosses weren't difficult, but did give a challenge. The main issue i have there is being forced to focus on one enemy at a time, allowing a blind spot for me if i were attacked from behind, BUT the use of voices made it easier to dodge in time if that happens.I know a lot of peeps prefer hours of entertainment/dollah dollah billz, but if you were bored once in a massive open world game, disliked the overuse of grindy quests/missions/collectibles, this game is the complete and utter opposite."
76561198060459228,Recommended,414340,34359889,Posted: 19 August,all,KGB,- Torrented this game- Completed this game- Bought this game- Uninstalled the pirated version- Installed the legit version- Opened main menu for 6 minutes- Wrtite this review to recommend this gameEdit: I Actually went for a second playthrough to get achievements and see that extra cutscene if you get all lorestones
76561198137100202,Recommended,414340,34136734,Posted: 9 August,all,ricoTHEgreat,Dont hesitate.... Buy this game!!!!
76561198387783186,Recommended,414340,34136537,Posted: 9 August,all,M1zyx99,"Beautiful Game That immerses the player like never before. I am truley impressed. Legit, Frightning at times."
,Recommended,414340,34385353,Posted: 20 August,all,Locksheon,"GO TO MY PROFILE.  LOOK AT MY SCREENSHOTS FOR THIS GAME.You will only want to buy it more.Have you ever played a game that will stick with you forever?  This is that game.You will be awed, nervous, curious, frantic, paranoid, intrigued, and frustrated.But most importantly, you will know fear.  You will know it intimately.There are times I have to just take a break from this game because the concepts are justtoo real.  I can envision poor Senua feeling trapped in the dark, and screaming herself unconsciousonly to wake up hours later, nearly comatose.  I have come to have a new appreciation for peoplewho suffer from these types of mental illnesses.  I cannot fathom what hells they endure.The game is stunning.  And the Photo Tool is amazing!  Thank you for creating this masterpiece."
,Recommended,414340,34164186,Posted: 11 August,all,turner,"I highly recommend going into this game completly blind and experiencing of what i think, Is one of the most unique and interesting story being told in a video game in recent years."
,Recommended,414340,34137451,Posted: 9 August,all,Xaeji,"This game is a fantastic experience, don't read anything, just play it, people already kinda ♥♥♥♥ing up stuff in the internets by letting others know too much, just play it how you feel it and it's gonna be amazing."
,Recommended,414340,34142025,Posted: 10 August,all,Garlan,"This might be one of the greatest Games i've ever played. The atmosphere crated by the visuals and sound are frightening, breathtaking and beautiful.A Must play for everyone, who is even mildly intrigued."
,Recommended,414340,34099130,Posted: 8 August,all,FrontRUSSIAN,Psychedelic ASMR the game.
,Recommended,414340,34368559,Posted: 20 August,all,pahatunhik,"Пройдя игру,хочу сказать,что она ОЧЕНЬ годная. Годная графика,звуковое сопровождение,атмосфера и история, но очень короткая. Не жалею на нее потраченных денег. 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34097801,Posted: 8 August,all,craglejosh,"Graphically stunning, thematically intriguing, and psychologically provoking. Very pleased with this so far. Also, for anyone interested in Norse/Germanic lore, this game incorporates stories from the mythology throughout the game that really help set the tone of the story and character development. I can't recommend this enough. Closest game that it reminds me of is Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, only there are no light hearted elements to this game at all. It can get creepy playing alone with headphones in the dark."
,Recommended,414340,34105337,Posted: 8 August,all,dc,"Recommendation 9/10""Immerse yourself and journey with Senua!""Pros1. Gorgeous game!2. Creepy atmosphere, the music and myriad of voices really sets the pace. Do not play without a headset, as that is the way it is meant to be played.3. The puzzles are fairly easy (so far).4. Combat starts off basic enough but gets downright gritty and enjoyable as you move along.ConsNone as yet, I'll see as I go along."
,Recommended,414340,34172359,Posted: 11 August,all,Ray76,"First of all, this game in its form is a lot like Ryse: on rails with no freedom given to the player, all you do is just move forward through the story. No decisions to take, no places to explore. About 7-10 hours long and nothing after the ending. Zero replayability It's up to you to decide whether you think it's worth its price or not.Gameplay part of the game is not really complex, quite the opposite: basic, although fun, combat, a lot of puzzles that make you run around small locations in order to find ""keys"" to proceed. Aaaaand that's about it. Several boss battles throughout the game. Then there are a lot of cutscenes. However, as you progress through the game, every location and every new puzzle is somewhat unique and new. It never feels repeative.The setting: it's a great mix of historical background, scandinavian mythology, and mental illness. The game might look very confusing at first, but as you progress through it, you learn more and more about Senua, what is her story and what is she actually doing. With mythology and boss fights involved, it really reminded me of God of War games. The story and the setting is nice in this one and makes up for the rest of it, for me at least.Now the negative aspects:-As of now (release verion, no patches yet) the game is too buggy for something that linear. I experienced three weird bugs in the first hour of the game that made me reload checkpoint, one of them presisted even after restarting the game so i had to walk for a minute in complete texturless darkness till the next checkpoint so the game would load the world again. Thankfully, i have not experienced any bugs after the first two hours of the game, but i know that later in the game there is a moment part which buggs your game out if you die and there is no way to proceed(i do believe it will be patched soon).-What i really liked is that this game doesn't explain♥♥♥♥♥♥ doesn't hold your hand, you have to figure out everything yourself, there is absolutely no HUD and no tutorial. However, that leads to another really stupid thing: there is an ""unwinnable"" fight in the game where you must die. I could see it was obviously harder than anything before in the game, it was designed so that the player couldn't keep up with it, no matter what. But i'm sorry, 400 hours of witcher 3 made me really good at dodging and countering, so i spent about 40 minutes fighting it, before i gave up to google it, and learned that i must die there. It was so ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating, i have no other words for it.-Keyboard+mouse camera controls is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, better play with the gamepad.-I only played 20 minutes or so with subtitles on, but it was enough to see how bugged they are. Senua hears voices a lot, they speak simultaneously and they speak a lot, there is no way to fit it all in subtitles, so only key phrases are subtitled. Aaaand on top of that, there were quite a few moments in those 20 minutes when subtitles didn't follow dialogues, one line would stuck while characters kept speaking. It turns to be even bigger problem when you prefer to play in a language other than english, becuase subtitles are the only translation of the game there is. rip.P.S. after you finish the game, there is also a 25 minute long video in the main menu that explains historical and scientifical background of the game in case the player has not figured things out."
,Not Recommended,414340,34140932,Posted: 10 August,all,St.Ancora,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice tells a great stroy, but think twice before picking it if you are in for a casual action game.The background is based on norse mythology, including features of the Vikings, which is my favorite part of the game.Graphics are pretty nice, but light effects may get strange in certain scenes.Combat system is simple but smooth, however there is too little combat. As the story progresses, it could be really upsetting to realize how many puzzles it has to offer.My first impression on these puzzles were 'fantasic', but I was proven wrong. They became excessively tedious later in game as there is no indicator and you can hardly be sure of what's being missed.Senua's movement is confined by the linear narrative, so as a warrior she can not jump or climb, thus unable to get pass some of the simplest obstacles, which seems a terribly silly design.The overall vibe is suffocating and depressing. The constant murmurs are a fine reflection of one of the basic elements - psychosis. With the immersive film-like narrative, it is more like an impressive piece of art, rather than a fine game.Unrecommended for: Casual players, people in depression and people who don't want get depression.地狱之刃：塞娜的献祭剧情很出色，但是如果你是休闲动作游戏玩家，入手前请三思。游戏背景基于北欧神话，包括维京文化特征，是个人最喜欢的部分。画面很棒，但是特定场景下光影效果会显得很奇怪。战斗系统单调但流畅，但是战斗场景过少。随着剧情发展，解密部分过多也非常烦人。解密给我的第一印象很出色，但是后来被打脸了。游戏后期解密又臭又长，而且没有任何指示，无法查看进度。主角的行动受线性剧情限制，因此作为战士不能跳跃攀爬，许多简单的障碍物无法直接越过，这种设定无比智障。总体氛围窒息压抑。至始至终的低语很好地反映了游戏的核心之一——精神病。这是一部有代入感电影般叙事的游戏，它更像一件出色的艺术品，而不是部好游戏。不推荐人群：休闲玩家，抑郁症患者，以及不想得抑郁症的人。"
76561198168765701,Recommended,414340,34197778,Posted: 12 August,all,MrDeeCee,One of my best experiences ever!
76561198020267528,Recommended,414340,34129606,Posted: 9 August,all,Muggz Munny,"36 Crazyfists - LightlessI look for answers to pave the truthLoss fills like storm clouds underneath the moonDon't plan to live forever but I wanted her to.Burning hole where my heart wasOut in the distance the voices die.Hollow walls and empty eyesLove alive where love never dies.Blacken the water it's harder to cryI welcome damage and embrace scars.Grew up lightless the land of the darkThought I'd live forever, so many things to do.Broken under the armourNothing kills its lightlessNothing kills this darkness, its lightless"
76561198051376586,Recommended,414340,34196005,Posted: 12 August,all,SensitiveManny,"Remarkable game. A true gem conceptually, visually, exploring the depths of mental illness in the most realistic way portrated in a game in a while. Story is exceptional, combat is very well paced and fun, sound design ,superb. A unique deep experience and a must buy."
,Recommended,414340,34198148,Posted: 12 August,all,AwkwardMassEffectFan,Amazing game and fantastic story! :)
,Not Recommended,414340,34125877,Posted: 9 August,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"I have really been looking forward to this game. I sat down to play it and was amazed at the graphics and atmosphere. Shortly after the opening, we (as the player) are warned that you can only die a few times and the game is over. OK, I am sure they factor in a learning curve, right? So I am on the 3rd fire gate (less than 45 minutes into the game). You have to run from the idol through the fire to the next door. So far, I have died 6 times trying to get from one end to the other. The first time, I got trapped in the fire. 2 times, I fell off the board into the fire, and 3 times, the monsters got me. so, as I see it,The swordplay, is not bad.. but the movements are leaden and heavy. I can imagine a lot of people will get much out of the skillfully rendered atmosphere, but for me the intensity is not balanced out with the gameplay, you cannot traverse simple obstacles, you plod along, and if the story is your main goal, great, if not... look elsewhere.NOTE : this is how i feel about the game, please Take with a grain of salt."
76561198174770271,Recommended,414340,34360443,Posted: 19 August,all,koko,Gem/Gem
,Not Recommended,414340,34097380,Posted: 8 August,all,❆ | Setyty,"Let me start off by saying Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice does a lot of things right, so far the story seems amazing and the acting and animation is top notch. However the boring gameplay overshadows that for me, combat is very repetitive and the game constantly puts doors infront of you that you need to back track to open and no matter how good the story is that just ruined every motivation I had to move on to the next door since I knew i'd just  have to repeat the processI'd recommend you watch someone else play through the first hour and if after that if the gameplay does not look boring to you, buy it."
76561198046459830,Recommended,414340,34194678,Posted: 12 August,all,Very,"First game which used UE4 properly.Jokes aside, I have to say this is a masterpiece which is unfolded into a beatiful and dark story.I'm a huge fan of puzzles game and this game is doing OK in this area.Especially the audio is done really well, the studio focused on enviroment and audio system.No HUD, no useless stuff you find in nowadays games, the combat system is more of a ""filler"" than a core element, so for those who seek non stop combo and action, this isn't the game for you.I've seen people compare this game to dark souls.The only thing they have in common is the character opening enormous doors.Anyway, worth buying 100% even more thanks to the reduced price.Go for it"
,Recommended,414340,34546145,Posted: 27 August,all,bobjjr,All but 100% in 7.5 hours and lover every minute.
,Recommended,414340,34391906,Posted: 21 August,all,SilviONE [ B WOTA ],Ok I can do this.... I think that romantic old school gamers like me could just  review this Gem with a simple comparison to any previous game:I can say that this has definetely  been the best single-player avventure/trip/journey/digital adventure I have ever had after HL.Thanks Ninja Theory and thanks to all the fighetrs that does not have any fear.
76561198090647594,Recommended,414340,34121063,Posted: 9 August,all,Demo,"At first I thought the ending was cheap, but on reflection I actually think it was pretty dam good and leaves me with the tingly feeling! GG"
76561197987134327,Recommended,414340,34821404,Posted: 8 September,all,Stac3r,"A Master Piece.This game spits in the face of most modern AAA titles released in the past two years.It is beautiful, deep, challenging, engaging, immersive and very thought provoking.Not only does this game take on one of the most challenging stigmas in our modern society, psychosis (delusions, hallucinations, talking incoherently and agitation, voice hearing etc.) but it delivers an experience that feels authentic and terrifying. Having not experienced psychosis myself I have a new found empathy (as best I can understand) towards those who do suffer from this.Along with delivering an experience as described, the combat system is engaging and challenging with a good variety of enemies with great boss fights.I cannot recommend it more - play it."
76561197979970563,Recommended,414340,34854248,Posted: 9 September,all,Israel Blargh!,"Here is a scripted video review essay analysis thing I made that mostly sings the praises of Senua's Sacrifice.https://youtu.be/CAa6fMu9tqQToo long, didn't watch? Gameplay is simple, but this is a unique, engrossing experience of the highest quality and I would only tell you to stay away if you can't handle horror. The trials toward the second half the game get pretty intense."
76561197977294813,Recommended,414340,34335366,Posted: 18 August,all,Badmagic,"Loved it, absolutely loved it. There are few things I found a tad bit annoying such as the complete lack of a tutorial but at the same time this also added to the game in an unexpected way. Senua is on a quest of sorts and has no idea what to expect, the player also has no idea what shes cappable of or how to do anything besides the key mapping in the settings tab so it kinda feels like you are both figuring it out together.Graphics = Beautiful as well as brutal at the same time, not for the weak stomached. Take your time, look around it really is stunning.Sound = Completely sucks you in and very well done, highly suggest headphones.Puzzles = Interesting as well as different. At least they were for me, quite a few different things I haven't experienced before in other games.Story = I'd almost say this is the best part but once again I absolutely love mythology and stories driven by it.I have high hopes that as VR progresses that games of this nature are the norm. The puzzle solving alone would of been amazing in VR as well as the entire game.I suck at spelling and formating nor do I write reviews but I really want people to play this. Please go easy on me."
76561198086583245,Recommended,414340,34336414,Posted: 18 August,all,lagoonshoukai,"Two Words: ""♥♥♥♥ Yes""Finally Something Different!Thank You Ninja Theory"
,Recommended,414340,34335655,Posted: 18 August,all,bunn3hh4x,"A brillant and brutal descent into madness.Not a typical run, sword swinging and loot type game but a story driven perspective from the mind of a warrior with a very deep psychosis.Rune searching can be a little annoying and the slow movement speed is sometimes tedious. I suspect the movement speed allows the gameplay to last a little longer. Not much in the way of replay value unless you want to collect all the achievements and unlock the rumored slightly extended version of the ending.None of the annoyances will detract me from the opinion that the beautiful but somewhat gruesome graphics and powerful story are worth the price."
,Recommended,414340,34336160,Posted: 18 August,all,Thicc Daddy,"Not too difficult, not too easy, very fun gameplay, almost a visual novel, a must play."
,Recommended,414340,34336210,Posted: 18 August,all,AJ,"Amazing work by devs, best played with headphones on. Also, have been following the dev diaries and I am impressed by their work."
,Recommended,414340,34349622,Posted: 19 August,all,mysoul,"After 13.4 hours of gameplay, I just finished playing Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. I didn't look for clues online when I get stuck and I explored everywhere to find the lorestones. So if you would like to play it just to finish the story, it should take less than 11 hours for sure. It was an amazing experience and I highly recommend this game. I don't want to spoil the game so in short, you get to play as Senua, a schizophrenic celtic warrior, and hear the voices in her head while on a ""rescue quest"". The voice acting (play with headphones for sure), combat mechanics, cutscenes, graphics, all are truly satisfying in my opinion. The game had some references to Dark Souls and Silent Hill (or at least I deemed like that) which are two of my favourite games. There is no inventory, weapon/armor upgrading or different quests etc, however I don't consider these as deficiencies since the puzzles, story itself and the atmosphere give you all you would wish for.10/10 would buy even it would cost double of its price (pre-ordered)."
,Recommended,414340,34271460,Posted: 16 August,all,Dolemout,"The less you know about this game, the more you'll enjoy it.So here's what you need to know:1. Wear headphones2. Buy this game"
,Recommended,414340,34234538,Posted: 14 August,all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a masterpiece.This horror action-adventure puts you inside the mind of Senua, a Celtic warrior on a vision quest into Viking Hell. Senua is living with psychosis. A gaming experience like no other, this story-rich journey is steeped in Norse mythology conveyed through flawless voice acting and awe-inspiring visuals (perceived through the prism of Senua's mental condition). Although the game is serene at times, much of it is turbulent, violent and disturbing.The game has a fighting system which, while not revolutionary, is certainly competent. You learn most of the combat control elements early on in the game. Combat depth will gradually expand as new types of enemies reveal themselves. Once you learn how to succeed against each type of foe individually, the game will pit your fighting skills against various combinations of opponents. The key to success in those situations lies in mastering spacial awareness. The boss battles are meaningful and satisfying. I think it would be fair to describe Hellblade's combat system as somewhat reminiscent of Dark Souls, but more forgiving.The game also features environmental puzzles which call for you to seek out certain patterns in order to advance. Although I am not naturally drawn to puzzles, I like how they were implemented in this game. Their difficulty felt about right and they did not feel contrived.I can honestly say that I have never been so thorougly absorbed by a game before. I felt completely invested in Senua's struggle. I wholeheartedly recommend this gaming experience, as long as you do not object to themes of horror, violence and mental illness.PS: I am bewildered by Steam's user-defined tag system, but Hellblade is definitely NOT a ""Walking Simulator""."
76561198148207434,Recommended,414340,34345995,Posted: 19 August,all,Save Me,I am 45 minutes in and the game has dragged me in... its a graphical and terrifying masterpiece i highly reccomend to grab this one if you are into the mystery and thriller games and movies. :)
76561198112739824,Recommended,414340,34246235,Posted: 14 August,all,Potwór,"I will start off with the weak sides:1. Some fighting sequences are unnecessarily long which broke the immersion for me, when I was getting a little tired of for how long I had to battle the same things.2. I know that this game is heavily story-focused, but it would be nice to have the option to skip some cutscenes, as if you want to play on hard you will propably die a lot, and be forced to watch quite long cutscenes quite many times.Beside all of the above this game is a beautiful, breathtaking masterpiece! A bold attempt at portraying psychosis in a video game, actually approached quite seriously, as you can see in ""documentary"" accessible from the game's menu.It wasn't even a game, to me it was more lika a journey i took with the protagonist.This is something really new in the gaming industry, you have to try it!*drops the mic and flies away*"
76561198005509051,Recommended,414340,34337415,Posted: 18 August,all,Zamien,"I've never written a review before, but with this game I feel compelled to do so.The mentall illness of the protagonist is one of the key aspects of the game.Having suffered from the same illness, psycosis, myself (a mild case, but still) I was interested in the game from the moment I first heard about it.And it didn't disappoint.The story, the atmosphere, the presentation and especially the immersion are all brilliant.Whitch leads, for example, to the phenomenon that you sometimes feel uneasy while playing it because the protagonist feels uneasy. It wants you to feel uneasy, so you just do. Haven't had that with a non-horror game before.To be fair.From a gameplay perspective it's nothing special. Nothing you haven't seen before. There' a combat system and there's  puzzle solving.But that's not the point of the game.The gameplay is sufficiant, it does it's job, and it helps with the immersion.So, if you want to experience a great story an want to really feel the struggles of the protagonist during her journey, then this is a game for you.Or if you are just curious what it could be like to ""be crazy"". ;)"
,Recommended,414340,34352151,Posted: 19 August,all,pr0phet_,"Wow, just...wow."
,Recommended,414340,34341148,Posted: 18 August,all,ThoRanDz,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT A LOT OF FIGHTING and the complex fighting system, because fight is not the main here. It's about the story of Senua it self. Fighting system is very simple, yet is not hard to understand. Enemy, not to much.Second, DON'T FORGET TO USE HEADSET, EARPHONE, OR SOMETHING FOR YOUR EAR. Speaker is not enough. Audio on this game is very very briliant. I will not talk about what sound is that, you must try it yourself.It's very promising game, no need to give a lot of sexy and flashy for character and fighting. This game already give a lot of good aspect. Mystery, puzzle, story, and the creepy it self is the good point on this game"
,Recommended,414340,34362358,Posted: 19 August,all,Riyo,Truly amazing and unique experience!Recommended.
,Recommended,414340,34120107,Posted: 9 August,all,The Classy Cat,"Definitely expected much much less for its price and ninja theory surprised me a lot by this. I pre-ordered this game simply because of the devs and was expecting maybe 3 or 4 hours long something short but nice, but everything was so perfectly placed it hooked me up immediatly. From the voices Senua has, to amazing visuals this game is well worth its price. In the game you play as a celtic warrior named Senua who is troubled by psychotic disorder which makes her see things and hear voices. When her journey is combined with mythical elements it becomes a really risky idea on paper but ninja theory managed to pulled it off as well as one can do. While the game keeps the tension high and adds some nice horror elements I can divide the gameplay as %60 puzzle and %40 action scenes and I wouldn't say you should expect much dept on combat since this is hardly an action game but if you're in it for the story I'd definitely recommend this. I also liked the mechanic where if you die too many times Senua loses control of her mind and it's ""game over"" with all your progress so far being deleted. It's a nice way to make up the relatively easy (imho) combat and makes you think twice before you act. To sum it up I can say this is kinda like ""Evil Within but in norse mythology"" but I would be dissapointed if the upcoming God of War turns out like this.7/10P.S: Definitely worth playing with headset."
76561198035808269,Recommended,414340,34369240,Posted: 20 August,all,Olympian,"Unique story set in Norse mythology, awesome graphics and fantastic sound design. A mind-blowing experience."
,Recommended,414340,34356826,Posted: 19 August,all,Safety-Broken,"This game is a true masterpiece: Gaming at it best in 2017!The amazing deep and emotional story, The stunning graphic, visuals and effects in the wonderful world they created, the amazing sound and gameplay, combat system, puzzels, the polishing and optimization - Are all top notch.I'm gaming for more then 20 years and this is certainly one of the most unique and amazing games i ever played in my whole life. Ninja Theory done a great research and put alot of effort to study and represent a taboo subject in the most respectful and honoroable way in a game that you will remember for a long time after finishing.This is my game of the year for 2017 so far.If you read this review and story and gameplay is important to you just as to me - Buy this game and don't even think twice. It's worth every penny of it's price and even more."
,Recommended,414340,34121966,Posted: 9 August,all,Sparks,"The world is beautiful, the story is really interesting and draws you in. I love the combat and the puzzles within the game. A game I've been looking to play for a long time. Loving it so far and can not wait to finish.10/10."
76561197998458127,Recommended,414340,34238305,Posted: 14 August,all,Cube,"This game is a true masterpiece. I never done a review but here I feel like I have to. This is for me the best game I ever played. Never had so much feelings when playing, never.I enjoyed every second of it, you feel like you're the character, like it's yours story.Even had goose bumps when played it and I never had that before playing a game.Don't hesitate 0.0001 second to buy it. Just do it.I worth much more than 30€. Some games are at 60€ and you got only♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is worthing ever single cent.I only have one last thing to say.MASTER PIECE"
,Recommended,414340,34234243,Posted: 14 August,all,Ali-Witcher,I hereby would like to recommend this product.
,Recommended,414340,34258970,Posted: 15 August,all,Marvalgen,"I have seen a lot of reviews that mention the end being not what they expected. In my opinion, it depends on the person and how much did you pay attention to the game. I loved the game every minute and the story with its Nordic Viking mythology was just spot on. The end was no exception. I will not spoil it.As many have mentioned here: Do not play without HEADPHONES. The sounds and voices in her head do help a lot."
76561198052582362,Recommended,414340,34249918,Posted: 14 August,all,Smartboy123,"Being a random guy on the internet means this statement might not cary much weight, but I must state. I have never written a Steam review for a game until playing this. And there is a reason.Holy. F***ing. S**t. This game.It only does a few things and does them very well. In an attempt to not spoil anything here it goes...The world design is beautiful. It fits in with this era of stunning graphics. Its amazing to stop and look at but it also pulls you in when things get serious (and they will...badly).The story builds at a good steady pace. It isn't shoved down your throat but it isn't missing. As you play, you find out more, adding to the mystery.The combat fits the line of Easy to learn, hard to master. There is a small move set but learning how to combine it right while learning your enemy's move patterns to predict what's coming takes time. And it's mostly fluid. You get one ability that makes it not so smooth at times but I won't spoil it. They also have a very fitting soundtrack for all the fights (boss and regular) that makes it very thematic.FINALLY. THE BEST PART. It was made in collabration with pysch patients and doctors. And it shows. I usually play with subtitles. But don't do it here. It's better without. And wear headphones like they say. It matters.Now Cons. I don't want to fangirl entirely. No game is perfect. I'm still playing through the game and one thing I wish it had more of was other content. It's linear but along the way you find stones that give you more Norse mythology (which is amazing by the way) but not much else. It would've been a fun addition to have a few beaten paths that lead to additional lore or story building. I understand why it isn't there (play and find out) but I'm still missing it.Anyway. That's my rant. This is a worth the 30 bucks if you're too impatient to wait for a sale. Pick it up and experience it. That's what this game is. An experience."
,Recommended,414340,34262744,Posted: 15 August,all,Watamic,"First of all I've been w8ing for this game for so long and I could'nt be happier when it realesed. The graphifcs in the game are spectacular and I enjoyed the voiceacting in it aswell.The story is exciting and you just want to keep going. You should really play this game with headphones to get the best experience.The game wasn't really what I thought it would be (was thinking it would be like the Tomb Raider games), but its more like a walking simulater with puzzles and some battles. Don't get me wrong, I loved it!I find the controls and mouse sensitivity is hard to control in the beginning and it takes a while to get a hang of it. Some battles was really hard because its all about the timing and if you missed you can get hit 3 times more until you gain control again. But when you actually beat a boss after a few tries you get so thrilled.One of the things they say in the game is that if you die too many times you have to start the game all over again. I dont know if this is true or if its a bug. It didnt happen to me anyways and I died perhaps around 10-15 times during the whole game.The puzzles are interesting and makes you really look for the answers. In the beginning it feels like its the same puzzles all over again and you open door after door but it gets better during the progress of the game.I really recomend this game. I loved it right from the start. I really hope the devs are working on a continuation to Senua's story."
,Recommended,414340,34256019,Posted: 15 August,all,Bearmode,"One of the best games I've played for a very long time. Excellent narrative storytelling, excellent scene direction, excellent acting and truly outstanding graphics and animations.Apart from any performance issues, this game is really a masterpiece. It's art. It's refreshing, and it's unique.The combat system is extremely simple, you can button mash your way through the whole game. But if you're skillful with it there are a decent number of combos you can pull off. Overall it feels really great despite how simple it seems.The puzzles and combat in a couple of places do feel slightly repetitive, but generally they're well-placed.Performance for MOST of the game was great, I was getting a solid 60fps on my r9 390 & 4690. For most of it. There are two areas in the later stages of the game where performance took an enormous hit (I've heard this is only on AMD cards), dropping to 14-21fps. It became very difficult to play and very jarring considering how well the rest of the game ran. I have heard they are working on a fix for this, but as of 15/8/17 the problem is there."
76561198028033871,Recommended,414340,34252791,Posted: 15 August,all,First Mate Buddy,"WHAT A F**KIN TRIP!What a crazy story, beautiful looking too! I definitely recommend playing.Don't expect a heavy intensive hack & slash RPG game though. This game is purely for story."
,Recommended,414340,34552792,Posted: 28 August,all,Axiom,"Ive never written a review for a game before, never even wanted to, but what Ninja Theory has accomplished in Hellblade is nothing short of masterful. Hellblade is a testimate to how far video games have come, how they can be considered works of art, and how video games have the ability to showcase certain subjects thats other mediums just can't. Hellblade carefully and caringly explores psychosis through the eyes of Senua.Ninja Theory has truly taken the time needed to show an accurate representation of the mental illness. If your looking for a single player game with an incredible story and unforgettable sound design, do yourself a favor and give it a go. The journey that you and Senua will go through is something that you'll never forget. The importance of Hellblade when it comes to keeping single player games alive, and showing the power of video games is something you'll want to share, just like I wanted to.tip- play with a quality pair of headphones"
,Recommended,414340,34760943,Posted: 5 September,all,Nemaa,"Hellblade is something unique, an experience that haunted me for days in a good way. It is for those who can enjoy games for their story and atmosphere instead of for mechanics like loot and experience bars. Hellblade's character progression is not mechanical, it has a character development that is relatable and feels real. It is very empathetic thanks to the voices that play in ""your head"" and they play a major role in understanding what psychosis is. It is also implemented in a very clever way to guide you through the experience, sometimes reacting to your actions, other times helping you, and most of the times confusing you.There is no notion or expression of a player character, in a sense it is you living through the experience. The immersion is increased with almost nonexistent UI. I love games with mechanics that are fitting with the game's theme and story, but this one offers something much deeper. People say in pro-con lists that this is kind of a walking simulator with no progression, tedious puzzles, very few collectibles, and that the permadeath is a bluff. These are all intentional to represent the state and to strengthen the connection with Senua, who is delusional and all is within her mind only. Yes, it is most of the times not fun in the literal way, but it is not always fun that makes a game a good game.Apart from the excellent representation of this mental disorder, I'm also fascinated by the technology behind this game (the beautiful graphics, her lifelike face and animations), its Norse mythology setting, the sound design and acting.It's not just a game, it is a memorable experience I wish to have more of."
76561198054655843,Recommended,414340,34284281,Posted: 16 August,all,TurtleCake,"I have never played a game so well constructed and thought out like this. The game is just beautiful. It isn't my usual type of game (I have 500 hours on rocket league for God's sake) but I could not have been more enthralled with this story. Also, if you don't know what this game is, it's literally insanity on permadeath mode. The interactions are fantastic, the game forces you to learn the controls on your own, increasingly difficult puzzles, and voices in your head that will make you doubt if you're going the right way or not - even if you're a veteran of horror games, this one will throw you for a loop. Jumpscares aren't really prevalent, this is a psychological horror. Every advancement is a victory, every death is one step closer to starting the game from scratch. Seriously, if you die too many times, you will be forced back to the very beginning, so you feel every death. The game is built in Unreal Engine 4 and they utilized the engine to the fullest. I only have a mid-tier desktop and I could handle every thing at max settings at 60 fps. -- And I only have a machine barely above their listed minimum requirements. This game is Tombraider on LSD - it's honestly trippy as hell. I think you will enjoy it!TL;DRPre-heat oven to 400 degreesMix Eggs, Oil, Sugar, Vanilla, Carrots, and Pecans (optional)Bake for 40-50 minutesMake frostingServe your delicious carrot cake :)"
,Recommended,414340,34763602,Posted: 5 September,all,Sanky1992,"Hellblade is a new experience, to say the least. Whereas most games of this nature take the easy way out by filling the experience of ""maybe magic, maybe mundane"" storylines with ambiguity, this game instead decides to focus on the danger that Senua's own mind poses and, as a result, creates a far more immersive, detailed, and overall chilling psychological experience that few developers have the mind or patience to create.The combat is fun and engaging, the controls handle quite nicely, and the game overall offers a unique premise that, despite its relatively short runtime of 6-10 hours, makes it an enjoyable game through and through.Perhaps the general enemies could have been slightly more varied, but the boss fights were all amazing and challenging, feeling truly unique to one another. That said, if you are looking for a combat-heavy, hack and slash, non-stop melee fest, be aware that this game focuses more on obstacles, puzzles, and stories.I'd give it a strong 9/10."
76561198018851905,Recommended,414340,34560031,Posted: 28 August,all,DIGIT4LB4TH,"Immersive, atmospheric, dense, dark and emtional Singleplayer only game, that tells an interesting and unnerving story by cleverly using simple but well made gameplay mechanics, beautiful graphics and fantastic sounds to create one of the most important games of the last few years. In times where games seem to grow bigger and bigger full of content only to lengthen playtime without adding depth, this is like watching a david lynch short movie after hundreds of dull hollywood blockbusters.Important, fantastic, impressive. Everone who is interested in game development or gaming as an art, has to experience and support this project."
,Recommended,414340,34694050,Posted: 2 September,all,Woeler,"Finally a developer who has the guts to try something new, something extraordinary.The story is astonishingly well executed. The further you dig into the game, the more you start questioning what you are told. This combined with the stunning performance of narrative and the breathtaking graphics is what makes this game a grand success.Truly a masterpiece. I cannot wait to see what Ninja Theory will bring us next."
,Recommended,414340,34682007,Posted: 2 September,all,elven inside,"I was hoping for this game to be good, but at the same time I was doubtful. I didn't enjoy Enslave, it was naive and dull, I did't enjoy DmC it was superficial and juvenile, but, if you are like me, don't be doubtful anymore, Hellblade is a piece of art. I've never seen a storytelling like this, I don't think there is any game remotely comparable, this is the proof that videogames can stand proudly among the others art forms. Playing it was like a rollercoaster of emotions: tension, fear and love. The gameplay is not super elaborated, Senua's journey is fought in the mind, in the story, not with skill tree and stats. But don't be fooled, the combat is tense, brutal and merciless. I think it was the perfect way to support Senua's journey, she's not fighting to become a warrior, she's already there, she's fighting for something else.The puzzles are, sometimes, pretty clever and to be honest I didn't find them annoying or too many.So, do yourself a favor, play this game and be amazed by it."
,Recommended,414340,34640686,Posted: 31 August,all,Rainy,"Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap !This is my first review of my best experience in all of my years of gaming!This isnt a game its a work of art and the devs deserve so much more praise and recoginition that they already got!Never have i ever felt so much emotions rushing into the final fight, and after the game finishes and i just sat there with an open jaw (and i might have even shed a tear or 10), just sat there and watched the credits roll to the endOne of my soul purpose of life at this moment is to make as many people play this game as possible.Again as one of the previous reviews mentioned:This isnt a game, its an experience!"
,Recommended,414340,34669984,Posted: 1 September,all,War_Machine2672,"I really cant say enough about this game.. Great story line, fantastic graphics and a great stable release all around. AAA game quality at a reasonable price."
76561198029038224,Recommended,414340,34675206,Posted: 1 September,all,zero_zep,"I have never felt compled to write a review of a game before, Rather then write about the gameplay or the story itself, I'd rather focus on how it made me feel. The game says or eludes to the main character having psychosis, which is a broad term, I'd narrow it down to schizophrenia. I have OCD myself and while I don't hear voices or have hallucinations I can still relate to a lot of the game- guilt ridden memories, never ending mental battles, at times never ending anger. I cannot put into words how well the developers have put these feelings into the game through sound and visuals instead of just throwing it in your face. I dont know how well this story can be appreciated by someone without even a small amount of mental history- even if you have just expireneced some temporary depression this game just brings out those feelings in such an innovative way. In short, this is an amzing, deep expirenece that cannot be shared by reading or watching videos about it. Play it-and if your anything like me you will not come out at the end the same."
,Recommended,414340,34187305,Posted: 12 August,all,YueAkashi,"I liked this game a lot combat is nice, cool puzzles and a well done storyI see a bunch of people online complaining about the price but it’s not bad at all the game is really well done and well researchedGraphics are stunning with a proper 21:9 support ( <3 )Please play with headphones the sound is amazing immersive and has good musicThis game gives a nice and rare insight into a mind of someone with deep mental issues some people may be turned down by it but if you can handle it's a good experience (i actually found myself reflecting on my own depression sometimes)Take the time to see the featurette after you play it’s very niceIt’s like someone took the games Journey, Alice Madness and God of War and mushed together all erie and creepy likeFair warning it does have a perma death mechanic if you die a lot but it has context with story so i’m fine about it--------* * Semi-spoiler-ish: if you play it go in the left door first (illusions guy) i went on the right door and got a bunch of story out of order * ** * Spoilery rant: only ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i hated was a labyrinth part when looking for a sword were a orange glow starts chasing you and you have no indication of direction to go panicked a couple of times and made me die 5 times almost standing still x_X * *"
76561198368586040,Recommended,414340,34975971,Posted: 15 September,all,Lazarus,"Play it, just...play it."
,Recommended,414340,34219976,Posted: 13 August,all,zinnia,"it's neat game with a interesting story to tell. The combat an puzzles aren't that interesting and the death mechanic is unique. But overally, that story it tells is what will keep you the most entertained."
,Recommended,414340,34393093,Posted: 21 August,all,Weses,A scary game
76561198073470113,Recommended,414340,34234431,Posted: 14 August,all,๖ۣۜ℟ọȿє,""" The story is about a Pict based on Celtic mythology and Norse mythology.The game is focused on Senua's (Melina Juergens) point of view, as she embarks on a very personal journey through a hellish underworld made up of Senua's psychotic manifestations of her reality and mind. ""Hell  yeah, I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE IT!!!"
76561198141839151,Recommended,414340,35000436,Posted: 16 September,all,Dusty_Horse,"buy it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,414340,34256033,Posted: 15 August,all,Werupenstein,"Forget what you think this game may be and forget the kind of game you expect Ninja Theory would make, this isn't that game, it's something different.Right off the bat this is a gorgeous looking game, Senua is maybe the most visually impressive character I've ever seen and the world was impressively grim.The game put a lot of pressure on the player from the start, Senua is afflicted with an infection that spreads each time she dies and if it reaches her head it's game over, this made every encounter fell like it had very high stakes. Whenever I would die I would be in a full on rage and when I was successful it was that much sweeter; it worked but I hope this doesn't catch on.The combat started out very frustrating but as I learned the enemy's tricks it became fairly easy, they keep sending new and more enemies through the whole game which keeps it challenging.I thought the puzzles were really fantastic in this game, a good variety and lots of them.The Norse mythology was cool, I thought it was funny that they very specifically never mention Thor yet hit most of the other Norse gods and creatures are well represented.I didn't think the game was scary at all it was very much about psychological primal fear and it just didn't work on me, I think the hectic combat just kept me pumped for most of the game so when a ""scary"" part happened I was already raging and it just didn't work.About the whole mental illness thing, I didn't get it, I played with headphone and the voices in your head was an interesting effect, it wasn't enough and it really made all the hype about it pre release feel like a marketing stunt and not some ""we are a progressive game developer"" bs they were trying to go for.I think the game was a good length there's no filler it's goes at a pretty good pace and there is plenty to see and do.I had one complete game crash and one spot where I got stuck in the world and had to restart.Well worth experiencing."
,Recommended,414340,35078045,Posted: 19 September,all,OhNoPorkchop,"Hellblade was an emotional journey from the very begining to end. You can really tell that the team took so much time and thought into the subject of Mental illness when creating the game. Everything from the sound design to the enviroment was purely beautiful. I couldn't help but pause for a moment and take everything in.The combat in Hellblade is very fluid and enjoyable, there are times I just didn't want to stop fighting."
76561198131056964,Recommended,414340,35106701,Posted: 21 September,all,sausagefingers,"Absolutely fantastic game !! This put's a lot of triple A titles to shame. The story is deep and very powerful.It left me sat at my pc for a good 5 minutes after I finished with a lump in my throat. This game has a mixture of features. Sometimes it's slow and almost a walking simulator. But when the combat hits it hits hard. You really grow to appreciate the main character and the sountrack in combination with the combat gave me goosebumps. I wuld happily play this again. and again. In fact, I'm gonna livestream this game !"
76561198080133377,Recommended,414340,35002694,Posted: 16 September,all,OhJayBee,"This game just oozes quality in almost every regard, by far Ninja Theory's strongest outing yet.I sincerely hope this isn't the last we see of Senua."
,Recommended,414340,34251350,Posted: 15 August,all,RVT_SPECTRE_01,"I have been on Steam for 12 years now, this is the first game i have ever felt strongly enough about to write a review, that in itself speaks volumes about this game. Its a piece of art, something that anyone who seriously considers themself a supporter of gaming as more than just gaming should have in their library. It is about 6 hours long which the developer has widely advertised. Its not meant to be long, hence the relatively cheap price for an outstanding experience, and thats what it is, its more than an game, its an experience. Do yourself a favour, purchase this game, use a headset to fully experience the 3d sound(that's what ninja theory had in mind), then crank up thew volume, sit back and enjoy the ride!"
76561198157912056,Recommended,414340,35058687,Posted: 18 September,all,BradKlitt,"One of the most outstanding games I've played in the last 5 years, it keeps surprising me which is rare for a game with such a budget!"
,Recommended,414340,34682566,Posted: 2 September,all,Megajunn,"It's really the best puzzle game I have every played. Visuals and story are really-really good, also I liked the combat in this game, but it's more like story filler rather than some third person action game thing."
,Recommended,414340,34280947,Posted: 16 August,all,Tyraels,The most immersive and intuitive game I have ever played! It has beautiful graphics and the story keeps you hooked in the entire time. Ninja Theory did amazing work on this game with their research into psychosis and Nordic lore. One of my all time favorites!
,Recommended,414340,34420481,Posted: 22 August,all,sickvip,So magnificent and unique experience. It's a true piece of art!
,Recommended,414340,34569443,Posted: 28 August,all,jbcold,"I have just finished the game at this point and I have to say it's been marvelous. The Game itself is beautiful, combat was comfortable yet challenging at times, and the atmosphere was palpable from beginning to end. It hardly took any time at all to suck me back in with the strong story and the development of the main character.If you do enjoy the game, I would implore you to watch the short documentary included as a special feature for not only does it cover some of the behind the scenes but also greatly deatails the great lengths in which Ninja Theory tried to emulate Psychosis. They use professional references and personnal experiences from volunteers to craft a powerful representation of the symptoms of their strong female lead."
76561198072903709,Recommended,414340,34572218,Posted: 29 August,all,ArielMoose,"I don't know what to write or what to say so people will understand how amazing this game is, you really should play it to understand what is amazing about this game, you cant put it in words, just by playing you truly understand.Amazing story, amazing gameplay, amazing mechanichs best 30$ ever spent on a game.buy it, dont pirate it.BUY IT. support the creators of the game."
76561197971075918,Recommended,414340,34597770,Posted: 29 August,all,Tig,"I don't usually write reviews of games, but as a person who has struggled with mental illness in my own life, I have to say--please buy this game. I followed this project all the way through development via the dev diaries, but I was still a bit leery of the final product really doing justice to the experience of living with a mental illness. But the end product is stunning--and it's not 'just' about mental illness, either. It's something better--a daring, artistic story that happens to be about someone who struggles with mental illness. And it's gorgeous, and well-written, and made by a team who really cares about the industry, their work, and their audience. And one final shoutout--this game can be overwhelming, and I cannot emphasize enough how admirable it is that the developer included a link to mental health resources at hellbladehelp.info."
76561198339142492,Recommended,414340,34605277,Posted: 30 August,all,Doctor Ten,An absolute masterpiece. This game is one of the greatest gaming experiences I've ever had; the story is layers-thick and presents new revelations beyond the first playthrough in subtle ways that will grip the player in Senua's world.  This is no game... it's an epic.
,Recommended,414340,34648229,Posted: 31 August,all,The Guy From Harlem,"I just completed this game and feel that I must say: This is one of the finest games I have ever played. It is absolutely magnificent from beginning to end. The combat is wonderful and fluid, the puzzles are solid (not too challenging however), and the graphics are breathtaking. At one point the game is heartbreaking, and the next utterly terrifying. Genuinely one of the best games of this or any generation. More games like this please."
76561198034343993,Recommended,414340,34648788,Posted: 31 August,all,the-cave,"Hellblade stayed with me for days afterwards: it left me with an incredible feeling that is hard to put into words. Already one of my all-time favourites.Trust the game when it recommends playing on headphones, it really lends to the experience. The sound is, if this is even possible, better designed than the visuals which are simply stunning.The game's story is a simple one perfectly told, which is the most important part of story telling. I really can not recommend this highly enough."
76561198147896653,Recommended,414340,34764118,Posted: 5 September,all,JeannieMozart,"As a casual gamer, I LOVED this game.  I enjoyed the puzzles (I had to Youtube two solutions but maybe I'm just thick?), I enjoyed the visceral combat (Senua swings a sword like she wants to do damage) and I certainly enjoyed the lack of handholding as far as explaining the combat systems went.  The mental health aspect was really very interesting and I'd certainly recommend watching the short film after you've finished the game.  In the interest of balance, it's very linear, short (6hrs and I'm no MLG, I assure you) and, as you don't level up, the bosses can be tricky but I'd definitely recommend this, it was a breath  of fresh air to me."
,Recommended,414340,34944745,Posted: 14 September,all,Larwick,"Exceptional atmosphere, engrossing world, satisfying combat, poignant story."
,Recommended,414340,34648903,Posted: 31 August,all,ConManDC,This game was amazing from start to finish. The story was so well written and the visuals were stunning. It kept me playing and wanting to know what happens next. The entire atmosphere of the of the game was beautiful. The audio was out of this world. 10/10 will play again.
76561198021584032,Recommended,414340,34652228,Posted: 31 August,all,Dairymilk,"I don't do this much (once) but I feel the creators deserve praise for such a well made, creative, thought out game.I got it right away, understanding what they were trying to do and achieve in a psychologic context.Now a days there is a shortage of single player games and I really needed a good escape into an alternative universe - this quenched that thirst.Would of happily paid more, the developers deserve it.Regards"
76561198047075117,Recommended,414340,34618737,Posted: 30 August,all,Dayzie,Amazingly done. So glad that people have been able to enjoy and see the meaning behind this game.Without really knowing what it was all about I picked it up within the first few minuets. As someone who suffers from mental health issues I praise this game and what it represents.Deep and meaningful. So glad I got to play and finish this game.
,Recommended,414340,34280136,Posted: 16 August,all,rolzan,The story is deep and the experience is perfect for me. A must-play game.
,Recommended,414340,34889200,Posted: 11 September,all,Sthawllenn,Amazing Game
76561197986484290,Recommended,414340,34552616,Posted: 28 August,all,DaOs!er-|,"+ Interesting and pretty unique Story/Setting+ Epic Sound ( You really should play with Headset! )+ Very good Graphics+ Combat System looks great ...but it´s a bit simple so it feels like button mashing+ Good balance between Fights, solving Mysteries, and giving you backround informationsThis game has a pretty unique way to grab you mind to give you a very epic gaming experience in a story you will definitely not forget that fast."
76561198071324731,Recommended,414340,34597795,Posted: 29 August,all,Pharaoh,"i really really enjoyed this game. i only have one thing to complain about. i beat it in 7 hours on hard mode. but i really really loved the story. just wish it was longer. had an inventory system. maybe mods could drop items> idk, but other then that ♥♥♥♥ing great story guys. love the mental illness voices seeing things that arnt there. and the darkness was everywhere. gave me chills multiple times and kept me rolling through!!"
76561198396735726,Recommended,414340,34629088,Posted: 31 August,all,legendaryl2,"Absolutely amazing! The atmosphere and story,characterization is top class and so with the graphics! Thanks Ninja theory."
,Recommended,414340,34480509,Posted: 25 August,all,dukeofcrumpet,"An incredible assault on the senses. Put on a stereo headset and turn off the lights. Enthralling from start to finish, despite a few frustrating puzzles. Huge respect to Ninja Theory for their research and care put into portraying this pyschological experience. And all at such a reasonable price."
76561198107078857,Recommended,414340,34517962,Posted: 26 August,all,john_boarman,"Wow. What a unique game Hellblade turned out to be. It reminds me a bit of Dark Souls, not in terms of difficulty, but in its overall feel. Senua is a tortured soul and the game makes you feel a little bit of that pain throughout it in varying degrees. I found myself getting chills when she screamed or yelled in such primal anguish. Definitely worth the money if you're looking for a game that makes you think about its tale to make sense of its story. Such a brilliant game. Not too long, not too short-- just right. Gorgeous visuals and voice acting make this a treat."
76561198042752742,Recommended,414340,34630119,Posted: 31 August,all,ReallySlickPic,"This game is just a masterpiece in every sense of the word. Beautiful way for us to get an insight in to people's brains who deal with psychosis on a daily basis. Some people may say there is not much game here, but that is not true whatsoever. I thought the puzzles were wonderfully done and the combat was perfect. This is the first game in the longest time I have had my heart pumping fast on multiple occasions due to some of the events that take place in the game.10/10Also, if you pick this game up and play through the entire thing, watch the documentary afterwards. The amount of work Ninja Theory put in to making this is incredible.Thank you Ninja Theory for such an amazing experience."
,Recommended,414340,34376700,Posted: 20 August,all,Dr. Lawrence Gordon,Only about 2 hours in so far but this game is really amazing.  Haven't played anything like this before.  It's graphically stunning and the heroine and story are really incredible.  I wish more of the massive game companies would think stuff up like this rather then making more and more hollow money pits.
76561198046726245,Recommended,414340,35236540,Posted: 26 September,all,KaKarot( Supreme),"if u want 6 hrs course on norse mythology, Buy itif u want constant hallucinating torture , buy itif u like playing with word puzzle, buy itif u like feel nausea , buy it10/10 great game.."
76561198006239140,Recommended,414340,34258280,Posted: 15 August,all,Tartaros,"Everyone who likes great storytelling should buy Hellblade, one of the best video games ever made!"
76561197970796766,Recommended,414340,34457348,Posted: 24 August,all,AntiSocial,Keanu-whoa.jpgGreat story. Great visuals. Great sfx. Great music (particularly the final battle). Great game.10/10 - would buy again.
,Recommended,414340,35169221,Posted: 23 September,all,Anarchinine,"""The Norsemen will not stop her. She will find what she has come to seek."" (or something similar)Rarely have I been excited enough to buy a game within the opening month, and have found the game living up to my expectations. Nay, outstripping them by a mile. Senua's Sacrifice is one such game, which combines the best elements of Tomb Raider, Far Cry Primal and psychosis (you read that right!) in a nail-biting adventure that neither cuts down on  graphics nor gives into jump scares. Must I point out some flaws ? Yes. So here goes, the very good and the improvable.Graphics - They said Ninja is a small studio, but the graphics are as good (or better) than the latest Far Cry or Tomb Raider games. You'd think a game about mental illness would have a dreary nightime setting, which would have made the graphics easier to design. But no. Senua's world is vivid. Not always in a pleasant way, but vivid. Seas break on rocks in all their frothy detail, enemies' clothing can be made out to the smallest tear and even the gap in Senua's teeth have been dutifully portrayed. The world is beautiful, haunting and exciting, and does full justice to the psychosis effects shown therein. A masterpiece.A side note about the aural effects here. In most games I'd jsut pass over them, but here they often take center stage. The devs used a binaural microphone, and advise using earphones. I would give the same advice. The audio effects are nothing short of amazing, giving you a level of immersion that AAA games like Far Cry fail to achieve.Rating - 11/10! (Graphics - 10/10 + Audio too!)Plot - Senua is a Celtic warrior with severe psychosis who wants to save her lover. She must journey into Hellheim to find do so. If this sounds like a copy of Dante's Inferno, you had me as a fellow thinker once. And would be proved wrong like I was. Starting out as a kill-the-boss-to-get-to-the-final-boss story, the game produces a masterpiece of showing how a person can make her own  sense of the world, and fight to fix things according to its own logic- her own logic. Storytelling is tight and well-woven, with enough left in the dark (literall) to make you wonder what Senua would have been in a different world, one which treated her more kindly.The game delves deep into Norse or Viking mythology, which thankfully I had some idea about. Even if you don't, the game will tell you just enough for you to enjoy yourself. One grouse that I have is that given the protagonist is named after a Celtic goddess, a bit of Celtic mythology would not have been amiss. But ah well.Rating - 9/10Gameplay - The game is highly cinematic, but not in the Call of Duty ""press X to save the world"" way. You're driven on relentlessly, but even if you stop, the urge remains. Barring certain parts, the game allows you to move at your own pace, but the urgency remains. Thiings are helped by the devastating simplicity of the HUD, because there isn't one! Your arm tells you how many bites of the apple you have left, but that's it. No health bars, no QTEs, no inventory, nothing. Combat is just parry, dodge and time slowdown. Nothing exciting or too challenging, but again, fits in perfectly. After all, you don't want DOOMesque combat in a game like this.However, I have one problem with this game. Female protagonists are always shown as ""dodgers"" ie they can't block heavy attacks, and sometimes, not even light attacks. Whether it is Tomb Raider, Remember Me or Senua's Sacrifice, this remains constant. I understand that women aren't physically as strong as men, but this habit of putting women into a combat stereotype not only seems somewhat dated, it also makes gameplay somewhat repetitive. I don't recall how many times I hit ""space"" to dodge, when there could have been any number of combinations to stop the attack.Combat aside, there are puzzles. Some are tough, all are pretty, and all dovetail with the theme perfectly. But then Tomb Raider set the standard for puzzles, and Hellblade doesn't really raise the bar.All said, the world is a set of interconnected areas, some of which you can backtrack  through, some barred forever once you pass through. So in a way, the game is highly linear. But a game like this couldn't be open world without falling apart. Senua has a purpose and she moves forward relentlessly. So the linearity works.Rating - 7.5/10NPCs/Characters - Senua is the prime character,  and I've already given her bio. She is a remarkably relatable person, who has had a rough childhood and a rougher adulthood. Her wishes evolve as the game progresses, and make perfect sense. Her pain, especially in the final section, will tear you up. The voices in her mind, while being useful sometimes, are also confusing. In a way, this is similar to how voices in all our minds work. Again, while the limping girl image is too Tomb Raider to be novel, the expressions and voice acting really make this game come alive without turning it into a movie.There are others - Dillian, Senua's parents, Druth, etc. They all play their parts well, but this game is happening in Senua's mind (and her world). So they act as useful filler.Rating - 9/10Conclusion - Senua's Sacrifice is a masterpiece, even when it was expected to be one. If you're looking for a complex game with leveling up, complex gameplay and branching storylines, don't buy this game. You will find what you seek in a game like Witcher 3 perhaps. This game is highly linear, but the plot, voice acting, aural effects and graphics make it a treat. Moreover, its core message is simple and so well baked in that you don't have to look for it in the game's symbolic haystack. Given the developers' approach (see the Feature section AFTER finishing the game), this isn't surprising.So am I looking forward to a sequel ? No, because there really can't be one. But do I recommend ? Hela yeah!Overall rating - 9.5/10"
76561198083417836,Recommended,414340,35251601,Posted: 27 September,all,Jubbs,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a very interesting game. The gameplay itself is weak, only in that it is the same throughout most of the game's story. Its a hack and slash puzzle game that relies on your ability to be quick thinking and creative. The puzzles range from finding hidden shapes in the environment to going between worlds to make it easier to solve a puzzle. The combat is very fluid and feels responsive, but it is hack and slash, so its really a lot of dodging, and timing parries to open up a 2 second window of time when you can fight your enemy. The boss fights range from being tricky, to being easier than fighting lower level enemies. But anyone who buys Hellblade isnt going to be buying it for its gameplay, they're going to be buying it for the visuals, story, and concept. The game's main protagonist Senua is a person suffering from a mental disease called Psychosis, and throughout the game you are playing as Senua fighting her own mind. Its an interesting concept, and i think Ninja Theory did a very good job bringing it to life. The visuals are stunning, and because the game is not open world, most builds should be able to run it at medium to high setting (unless you have a potato pc). I have a Radeon rx480 8gb with 8gb ddr3 ram and an Intel i5 2.8ghz processor. With this i can play at ultra settings with a constant 60 fps. My only real complaints with this game is how the devs decided to put real people into the cutscenes for some reason. I felt like this looked extremely cheesy and took away from the dark, grimy look of the game. Watching Senua talk to actors dressed in cheap looking viking halloween costumes with a bit of face paint is not the most immersive thing to see in an atmospheric game. Other than that though, the game is splendid, especially with the price tag of only $30!"
,Recommended,414340,34329923,Posted: 18 August,all,vittau,"One of the best games I've ever played. It's gorgeous, it's touching and it sounds incredible (play with headphones!). The psychosis theme is dealt with in a very mature manner, it really feels like a part of Senua's life and not like some weird game gimmick.Combat is a bit simple, but I find it flows pretty well. Most of the puzzles are also simple pattern matching on the environment. The game is all about the journey of overcoming Senua's ""darkness"", it does not require complicate mechanics to work and convey its message.This journey will keep your interest from beginning to end, and then you'll want to play it again."
76561198123142418,Recommended,414340,34427987,Posted: 22 August,all,Der Großmann,"this game went under my radar for a couple days after release and l've played it ,finished it and all l can say is this is a MUST play for everyone ,let me summarizePROS1) Storytelling and narrative2) overall presentation3) sound (10/10 ,incredible)4) combat is satisfuing and more grounded that previous titlesCONS1) too short (took me 8 hs to complete)2) lacks replay value3) the puzzles seem to follow the same logic but with increasing difficulty"
76561198006237235,Recommended,414340,34537744,Posted: 27 August,all,Vespillo,"In short, ...This game is unique and bloody fantastic. Take the developer recommendation to heart and play this with headphones, the audio is one of the best i've heard in any game. The music is top notch and supports the already impressive visuals.The gameplay consist of solving puzzles and sword combat. it's not the games strongest point but it's overal decent. What makes this games unique and worth playing is how you experience Senua's journey and her suffering.I finished the game in 8,5 hours and enjoyed every minute. Don't forget to watch the feature video after you finished the game. it explains the developers message and is well made.Played with a controller and had zero performance issues/crashes on a i7 6700k, 16GB RAM & GTX980 4GBPS: don't let the permadeath situation scare you away from this gem. it's exaggerated and misunderstood."
,Recommended,414340,34262676,Posted: 15 August,all,Huftuntpuft,"Great experience, wonderfull graphics and atmoshpere. But do not be fooled, this is not a ""fighter""/action game (no DMC, Bayonetta or even Batman), it's more like an interactive story.There is combat but it's very simple.There are ""puzzles"", but they to are very simple.So if you find the premise interesting and are not expecting this to be a ""fighter"" then yhour in for a very unique ride."
76561198046506442,Recommended,414340,34442071,Posted: 23 August,all,BroBread,Just a masterpiece.
,Recommended,414340,34446843,Posted: 23 August,all,Dracky,"I am blown away by this game. I can't get over how well they actually researched psychosis and how they portrayed it. The game constantly keeps you on edge and it feels genuinely eerie and creepy, something that is achieved without jump scares (wow)!I love how this game actually includes permadeath. Usually I'd not be too fond of this, but having the idea of having to start over if you don't play well really gets on your nerves and adds to the experience. Seeing the rot creep up your arm is really unsettling. I think that if you play on the difficulty recommended to you at the start of the game there's not much chance to die permanently.The story can be slightly confusing, as you can't trust anything you see or hear because of the protagonist's mental illness. Piecing the story together during downtime, like during puzzles, is quite fun though!Even though I always play without headphones, I am really glad I read the reviews saying this game HAS to be played with headphones. You feel like there's someone whispering in your ear, like there are voices floating around you. One thing that slightly bothered me is that the game doesn't work well with subtitles. Normally I always have english subs on (not a native English speaker), but for this game I turned them off as the voices were often talking at the same time throughout most of the game and the subs wouldn't portray them all, making it more confusing and distracting.Pros:- Amazing story and atmosphere- Well thought out depiction of mental illness- Stunning graphics- Photo mode!!- Hearing voices in your head is a haunting experience, really well done- Voice acting is phenomenal- Mo-cap looks really good too!!- Combat isn't too difficult (can be a con too)- Loved the character/creature designs- Permadeath keeps you on your toesCons:- Not meant to play with subs- Sometimes easy to get lost and walk in circles, although that does make sense in the story, with Senua having a psychosis and being delusional- Puzzles are fairly easy- Would've liked to have Senua interact with the voices more outside of cutscenes- Difference between mo-capped characters and recorded RL actors were sometimes a bit jarringOverall a great game. I'll be thinking about this one for a long time. Thank you so much everyone who's worked on it, I can't wait to see more of Senua in the future. ♥"
76561198044780987,Recommended,414340,34520601,Posted: 26 August,all,Chrispy,"""Have you ever died before? It’s a serious question. When the illusion of self is shattered, you simply cease to be. Though it may not seem that way to others, you know when it is true. You can feel it. A stranger in your own body. An impostor. And nothing is the same ever again.""A finely crafted atmospheric game parts hack'n'slash, part walking simulator, part horror.It's kind of like Dante's Inferno with vikings. Wait, that doesn't nearly do enough justice... It's an experience into the mind of a woman trying to make sense of a world in which she has lost almost everything. Except her determination and love.The narrative is quite fascinating. It's a tale of a Pictish warrior who goes on a quest to the Norse underworld of Hel to save the soul of her slain love. While this on the surface seems like a classic Dante's Inferno style story, it soon becomes very clear that Senua, the protaganist, suffers from some form of mental psychosis. She hears voices and sees the world in ways that can turn quite disturbing. Whether she really is going to Hel or whether it's all in her head or even both is up to the interpretation of the player. Many scenes not only draw from Norse mythology but are also heavily implied to be shaped by Senua's own traumatic experiences. It would be easy for this game to fall for classic depction of crazy people, but I felt empathy for Senua. It is clear that she cares deeply for the few people who actually gave a damn about her. A great deal of this game is her fighting her psychosis and coming to terms with it.Aesthetically, Hellblade is beautiful in both design and graphics. Senua in particular is a wellcrafted virtual character. She can get a little uncanny at times, but considering her state of mind, its hard to judge for it considering that every part of her face was motion captured. Her actress does what I feel is a pretty good job of playing a determined, disturbed woman moving through Viking Hell and confronting both literal and metaphorical demons. The designs of Hel and its denizens are also fascinating, with many foes drawing from Silent Hill in terms of design, as well as Norse Mythology. There's a certain dread towards how most of them walk to the player upright as sentinels rather than simply charging in, especially given their inhuman designs. Some of the environments can get pretty metal as well, but in ways that seem beautiful as opposed to simply crass.Hellblade is kind of a blur of genres. While on the surface it appears to be a hack and slash game of the Souls flavor, fighting the shadowy Northmen is only a part of the game. A lot of it is actually simply walking around and occasionally doing simple puzzles related to line of sight and focus. And yet strangely I didn't really get bored during these long periods of rest. There are also great moments of tension especially at times when the game enters horror territory.Combat itself is simple, but effective. When combat is in effect, the camera locks to over the shoulder of Senua, with her foe beyond. Multiple foes can be in the same fight and although switching targets is easy, an important part of it is making sure the enemy does not sneak around you. Thankfully, Senua's own voices warn the player if an offscreen foe is striking, allowing for a nice timed parry. I liked this system because it feels cinematic. The fights feel simple, yet tense. It does feel good to parry or evade a blow that would have floored Senua. Some of the best moments come during the boss fights however, without spoiling them too much I can say that not only is the triumph over them feel great, but the fights themselves feels intense throughout.Sound design in this game is incredible. I strongly suggest wearing headphones because a big part of the game are the whispers that Senua hears. These furies are both antagonistic and yet also caring. And it can get terrifying when you realize that she has to deal with them for most of her waking life. They also have the advantage of implying what she is thinking at any moment, which delves into her character further. As well as these whispers, an excellent soundtrack plays. Some of the fight music is quite memorable, not going so much into action, but rather determination.Not that there are not some flaws. The game at the beginning states that there is a permadeath element in which if you die too much your save file is deleted. This is outright false. While I understand the choice, given how it represents Senua's fear of the darkness taken her over, I still feel like it would have been a cool thing to add in for real.While it is fairly short, going about six to seven hours for a playthrough it's been released to a lower price. Strongly Recommended.They can break you, but not your promise. Even his death won’t keep you apart. Through this darkness you will find him, in your sword still beats a heart."
76561198115137692,Recommended,414340,35014052,Posted: 16 September,all,SUICIDE,"Hands down one of the best games I have played, EVER!"
,Recommended,414340,34120825,Posted: 9 August,all,Zekotay,"awesome graphics, great story, compelling characters. This is an awesome game"
76561198003304734,Recommended,414340,34667963,Posted: 1 September,all,Suppy Much,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an astonishing experience. I own it on GOG, and wanted to support Ninja Theory more so I purchased it on Steam as well. It is deeply engaging from its mechanics to its sound design to its visuals and more. Please support developers like Ninja Theory for crafting compelling character driven experiences like this that continue to redefine the potential of video games as a medium!"
76561197980066129,Recommended,414340,34198244,Posted: 12 August,all,Boogy,"Beautiful and deep experience! Not very long which is a good thing in this case but very memorable.Senua's model and texture quality are top notch. Motion capture and animations blew me away. Actress performance is amazing.  Such close-ups, such connection with a character. Extremely atmospheric game."
76561198118206132,Recommended,414340,35385444,Posted: 1 October,all,Locomofo,"A game that focusses deeply into the mental illness psychosis...Ive never felt more attached to a character in any game like i have in this masterpiece. Although its a short game its well worth the adenture it has to offer and by adventure i mean its going to hurt your mind and twist you up especially while using a decent head set.The story is pretty in depth for a short game and to be honest it would have to be one of the best storys in a game to date imo. Based around the viking age with plenty of viking lore and storys along the way, plenty of puzzles and thinking ... to be honest for a few of them i had to watch videos they got hard. There is a fare amount of fighting but be prepared for alot of cimatics and cuts scenes. The story and  watching Senua get ripped apart by this mental disorder is what carrys this game to greatness. So if you are an action junky or someone looking for a good hack and slash look else where.. this is a game that cant be compared to anything else i really havent seen anything quite like it.All i can really say is its one big emotional ride (yeah i watered up a little bit)  with action some scary bits and a very detailed veiw on someone suffering with psychosis. This is the Best story based game ive played in a long time and its really opened my eyes up to mental illness it was a very much highlighted in this game. A very unique experience.+Beautiful visuals and environments+A masterpiece of a story+Awsome sounds and music especially with a quality head set it feels like the voices are in your own head (Wouldnt play with out a quality headset tbh)- Could of been longer for the price, Although id pay another 20$ i loved it that much.- Not too much action, theres enough but not for action junkies.-/+ Puzzles can be overwheming which can be a good or bad thing depending on the player"
,Recommended,414340,34180953,Posted: 11 August,all,Magenta - Slep,"Hellblade is a rather different experience from ninja theorys usual take.But that doesn't make it a bad one, i actually enjoyed my experience with the game (Albiet i suffer from psychosis symptoms and it un-nerved me a little because of this, although that didn't deter me from continuing)Any other reviews that complain about Combat difficulty or the ""Perma Death"" mechanic must be pretty terrible at video games, every combat situation i faced in this game was a terrible laggy mess due to my rig being rather outdated, But i still pushed through and beat the game with only one death, that death being due to an environmental thing that i couldnt outrun in a maze like area, my own mistake.If you're into a nice story driven experience about psychosis and overcoming said affliction, then this game is a big plus."
,Recommended,414340,35193136,Posted: 24 September,all,Paullo,"Hellblade is a rare game that aims to tell a compelling and complex story without sacrificing gameplay, and it's an even rarer one that actually pulls it off. Brutal, addictive combat and creative environmental puzzles are woven into a narrative that deals with the kind of serious themes that games very rarely address.Satisfying on both a mechnical and conceptual level, this is an easy title to reccommend."
76561198052841368,Recommended,414340,34517168,Posted: 26 August,all,Crenus,What an amazing experience - outstanding! Do yourself an favour and buy this game - absolut recommendet!
76561198327946909,Recommended,414340,35041384,Posted: 18 September,all,Cookie_Crsp,"Amazing. Sometimes you spend so much time weeding through the big box ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t games out there looking for that experience you had from one game 10 years ago and never thinking you'll find it again. Well I found it. If I play a single player game it is to immerse myself intoa story that grips me. This game does such a great job of slowly dipping your feet into an emotional pool of hoplessnes and then out of no where pulling you under and leaving you begging for air. There are these sparse moment of extreme beauty amidst a sea of dispare. When you've spent 3 hours in a dark corner of Senua's miond and all of a sudden the sun shines and a voice in your head says ""What is this place? I like it here"" it just makes you want to sit down and never move another step in the game.But at the same time you have another pull and sense of responsibility to keep pushing forward for Dillion and you have to get back up and push forwardThe first hour of the game does not do it justice. It's a light introductory to the world to come. Make sure you put on headphones, turn of the light and completely imerse yourself in the story. Just let go and let it take you on the journey and you won't be disappointed.Now for the details:Graphics - 9/10 Excellent quality, runs at a smooth 60fps with eveything cranked to the max at 1440p with my 980TISound - 10/10 The audio production in this game is fantastic! You must play this with headphones or you are going to miss 1/3 of the games magicetheres an entire section where you cant see and you have to use sound to fumble your way around through the dark. When I finished this and emerged I felt almost like I had actually gone trhough it myselfGameplay - 9/10 They through you in with no tutorial, hints, or any guidance besides the voices in your head. I will admit I played all the way to the first boss and halfway through the boss fight looked at the control scheme to see if I was missing something. Low and behold I weas only using 1/4 of the combat mechanics. This actually added a bit of charm to the game in my opinion and I'm glad I stumbled through the first hour without looking. Other than that everything is very fluid, entertaining and fun. Some of the puzzles are so simple that it makes them hard and frustrating(so you of that ""duh"" moment once you figure it out) but I'm not a real puzzle fan anyways so I'm just being critical. You will find the experience very linear and I find that a plus because the game really focuses on the story it is telling.Overall I am very pleased with what Ninja Theory has done here. I can only wish that there was another game to fill the emotional void that this game will leave me with now that I have finished it. If you don't like this game you are not a human. Two thumbs up!"
76561198080348428,Recommended,414340,35408939,Posted: 2 October,all,Rektic81,"Do yourself a favor, and get this! Well worth the money spent, even though its a short game. The story, the visuals, the sounds (especially using 7.1 surround headphones), and gameplay are just awesome! I just finished it, and would easily say that this has been one of my best, if not the best gaming experience i have had in a LONG time..."
76561198032255954,Recommended,414340,35134428,Posted: 22 September,all,Baelor,"An incredible, multi layered, and memorable peice of art. Truly one of the most moving games i have ever played. The score is stunning, the world is dark with foreboding beauty and the story is harrowingly relevant. Thank you Ninja Theory, a masterpeice done with intergrity and clearly a lot of love."
76561198052880366,Recommended,414340,35410004,Posted: 2 October,all,Snowfox,"Hellblade Senuas Sacrifice is one of the best story telling game of this year 2017.The way how the game feel from begin to end is very unsettling, the voices (some you can trust, some not), the visions, the landscape and backstory of the nordic legends it all plays so brilliant into each other like puzzles pieces. It is for sure a very unic experience through the game.Overall i think this experience you gain is the best point of the game. The fighting is good and smoth and its nice to play but don`t go into the game thinking you will be doing this the most of the time it`s more like 1/3 of the game the other is the puzzle elements with the runes and the story.The music keeps you always in the right atmosphere, specialy the nordic warband music during some fighting scenes I really liked.The voice acting and motion capturing is brilliant, the facial expreicens from Senua and the voices in your head are just brilliant it`s really good work from the actors.About the grafic, there are stunning, the weather effects and landscape  it looks just great.I recommanding it to very one who likes good storys to give it a change, to let it capture you into the story of Senuas Sacrifice.  For people who like more constant action and fighting this may not be your game because the main forcus it clearly on other points."
76561198081790137,Recommended,414340,34517235,Posted: 26 August,all,Kindrit,Walking simulator 10/10
,Recommended,414340,35121540,Posted: 21 September,all,Harrison,"beautiful graphics, excellent plot, the Quality sound with the environment is make the game unique and the gameplay is quite good."
76561197995557971,Recommended,414340,35200190,Posted: 25 September,all,s1rrah,"It's somewhere weird between Dark Souls and Dear Esther and it's amazing. It's a walking game and moreso about the narrative (really good, BTW) than about the game play.  If you understand that and/or are inclined to appreciate such works?  Then you will love Hellblade as I have. Best money I've spent on a video game ever.  100% delightful experience.  Fell in love with her from the first 10 minutes. Even had to do the backstory research of the body actress/voice actress (sigh).  Thanks for re connecting me to my inner Celtic/Norse Geek Ninja Theory!!"
,Recommended,414340,34690364,Posted: 2 September,all,Paradox,Pros:- Tomb Raider + Portal  Puzzle Solving- Witcher 3 + Dark Souls Combat System- Great Graphics- Great Story- Boobs?Cons:Permanent Death if you die to much in this game
,Recommended,414340,35115435,Posted: 21 September,all,Wickedgaming,"Great game, mak sure to play with headphones for best experience"
,Recommended,414340,35194814,Posted: 24 September,all,S4Sherlock,Really great game considering it's not a AAA game.I really liked the fighting mecanics.If you know about viking mythology you can tell the team did a great job on the reseraching.
,Recommended,414340,35277581,Posted: 28 September,all,Ωmega,"Hellblade has a gripping story - a dark and twisted Hero's Journey that assaults the senses.Ranging from heartbreaking to terrifying, the story is relentless in its steady rise of tension. The pacing is impeccable and  you feel immersed constantly due to the incredible voice acting and the use of binaural sound.Considering the price, Hellblade delivers a AAA quality story - with impressive graphics, sound and general production value that rivals its more expensive competitors. The game is a respectable length, longer than many campaigns or story modes in other games.I would consider Hellblade to be one of the most unique narratives out there, and the best single player experience I've had in a while."
,Recommended,414340,35438369,Posted: 3 October,all,Devin,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a true masterpiece. The first psychological horror/adventure game I have ever played that does not rely on corny jump scare or zombies to make you ""afraid"". The experience instead cuts to the very root of human fear in a way no other game has ever really managed to. The atmosphere and tension in this game from the very beginning is second to none, but the game also has an incredible sense of beauty and pacing to the storyline that makes it an instant classic and an unforgettable experience. This game is as terrifying and viseral as anything I have ever played but also one of the most beautiful games I have ever witnessed.Literally my only complaints about the game would be that the song for the end credits is really bad, also the game is kind of short - only took me about 8 hours to beat but somehow felt ALOT longer, it was certainly 8 hours I will never forget. The game is also VERY dark at times for people just looking for something fun this game is not for you.- Incredible level design- Perfect music, very dark at time but also beautiful when necessary- Graphics as good as any game or tech demo I have seen, short loading times, no draw distance or things popping up (which I really hate) this game also has effects you won't see in any other game, I can't really explain it. Unreal Engine continues to show its seemingly limitless potential.-Some of the most intense boss battle you will ever encounter, even regular battles in this game got my blood pumping every time.Probably the biggest suprise of this game for me is the unforgettable performance of Melina Juergens as Senua. I can honestly say it is the best acting performance I have ever seen in any video game, Ever. And this is the first project of any kind she has worked on, just incredible. Cannot recommend this game enough, just be ready for some dark $#}t ."
,Recommended,414340,34177714,Posted: 11 August,all,Dan(z)Hero☣,"One of a kind expirienceIf you want the best from this game, then please buy it now, knowing that in more than fifteen years of gaming this is one of my favourite games ever.After you have installed the game, do yourself a favor and disconnect your pc from the internet, make the room dark and quiet and play.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you are not sold yet then proceed in reading.In an ocean of copy paste games, AAA games that cost 60 bucks, endless early access; this show where the industry should move. A small team of people united by passion, making something they love.This game is a masterpiece, beautifully crafted, the graphics are AMAZING , the audio is something you have never heard and deserves to win awards. Visually you will want to stop every two minutes to take a screenshot, that is how breathtaking this game is. The combat is simple yet engaging (especially in the latest parts), the puzzles are maybe the weakest point of the game but they still show a spark of inventive and originality.I loved the fact that NOTHING is explained, the voices in Senua's head will be your guide, your map, your health indicator, your tutorial. There is NO hud and its amazing.The strong point of the game is the narrative, and again, nothing is explained ore exposed, you will discover everything bit by bit, slowly.The true pillar of the game is however the feelings, the investement, the emotions, the heart, the sould that it has. This is mainly done by the INCREDIBLE performance of Melina, that may i remind you is not a professional actress, this is the first time she ever acted (jawdrop).A game like this i feel like every word is a spoiler, i will not tell you how this game made me feel (and still does) after finishing it, hell even i cannot pinpoint what exactly are the emotions that flood my mind and heart right now.Is it short? I say its the perfect lenght. Is it replayable? No, you won't play it for 100h, but i can guarantee , 5 or 10 years from now you will still carry this journey in your heart.10/10if you are a sensible person and you can ""understand"" itPSI played the game offline also, but the time didn't register, my actual time for a single run is close to 9/10 hours.English is not my first language, excuse errors."
,Recommended,414340,35462395,Posted: 3 October,all,Dickmonger Von Shitlord,"(This is my first review for any game so I'm not exactly sure how to do this and sorry for the excessive mount of commas)This game is a beautiful blend of terror, Norse mythology, and puzzles. From what I know about psychosis from the few friends I have who are diagnosed with it, this game handled it almost perfectly.The fighting mechanics were a breeze to learn and the threat of the Permanent Death (where all of my saves would be wiped) really pushed me to play at 100% instead of just half-assing it and dying over and over to the point where I get fed up and give up-- like I usually do with every game. Of course, there were points where I really felt like I couldn't continue, mostly because I'm a HUGE wuss and have a lot of strictly horror games that I haven't beaten yet, but that only made the game even better and really made me want to beat it.The graphics were amazing, however at times like during the 10th part of the game and the final part the load on my graphics card was just too much that I had to go to Medium graphics inst4ead of Very High (boo hoo right), but that is my only complaint about this game.Honestly 10/10 good job def recommend"
,Recommended,414340,34374532,Posted: 20 August,all,NelyL,This game is amazing : D
,Recommended,414340,34253765,Posted: 15 August,all,bossesdream,"By far the most enticing game i've ever played. Combat is fluid, format is amazing, story is top tier."
76561198376416338,Recommended,414340,34187581,Posted: 12 August,all,121990b,"This is exactly what the gaming industry needs right now!absulotly a masterpiece.if you are looking for an easy going hack and slash game, this is NOT the game for you.but if you are looking for going through an amazing story with unbelieveble graphic and imagination, don't think twice.worth evey penny."
,Recommended,414340,34133949,Posted: 9 August,all,Mordecur,"I don't usually write reviews for games but this one deserves it. First off definitely play with headphones, voices and enemie movement comes from all directions. I love the norse theme, the music and atmosphere sets the game really well. Combat is pretty easy to master and really fun.The puzzles are pretty similar to each other but I enjoyed solving them as well as looking for the lorestones and listening to the narrative. I only encountered one bug where I couldn't move after solving a puzzle, but I just reloaded and it didn't happen again. The game had no frame rate drops and ran very well throughout the whole story.If you're into atmospheric, dark, and timed movements in combat then you will like this game.This game was amazing, awesome job Ninja Theory."
76561197983601366,Recommended,414340,34133630,Posted: 9 August,all,William Shakeshack,"Hellblade is by one of the most unique and well crafted game experience that I ever had the pleasure to play.The game itself is first and foremost a story driven and cinematic experience with slow paced melee combat, exploration and puzzle solving.The gameplay itself is not complex nor is a gameplay oriented game. I played a fair share of games with a heavy focus on narritive but they always felt bloated with cutscenes, meaningless dialogue and pretentious themes but Senua's Sacrifice is actually worth your time and so well designed that it keeps you hooked until the ending.The plot is about Senua who embarks on a journey into the norse underworld calld ""Helheim"" in order to save the soul of her beloved one. The journey itself is one hell of a ride and feels epic and desperate mostly due to the amazing atmosphere, brutal combat and various puzzles that you encounter. Senua herself is a mentally frail character and often confronted with psychological trauma and utter despair.The elements that set this game apart is their unique and innovative take on psychosis, the developers actually hired neurologists, psychatrist and ex-patients who suffered from various schizophrenic disorders. So all the data they gathered were incorporated in the gameplay and setting of the game itself which is absolutely amazing in my opinion. For instance you will hear conflicting voices commenting on your behavior, visuals that are absoluely trippy and facing the horrors in the most gruesome and psychologically frigheting way. It's hard to really to describe, one has to experience it for itself.As for the gameplay, you control Sensua in a third person and will mostly walk around in a very slow paced fashion in mostly linear levels, looking for new paths, finding secrets or fighting various creatures in certain arenas. The gameplay itself is very straightforward and it doesn't require extreme technical skills. It's all about the atmosphere and immersion, the combat itself is satisfying and looks incredible. There are various combos that you can use to defeat your opponents and it all feels pretty smooth. Another big aspect is the focus ability which allows you to find secrets, runes and lorestones which is a nice change of pace. Most puzzles rely on using the focus ability to find hidden runes in the wild which unlocks doors or to switch your perception of environment. As for the rest it's just about overcoming various obstacles and confronting new situations. Sometimes you have to navigate hazardous environments or you need to find  a path through total darkness while evading monstrosities. For most of the game the puzzles stay the same but it's varied enough to keep you entertained. But as I mentioned, the gameplay is not necessarily the focus and rather a means to further enhance your immersion in this ruthless world. It's all about the cinematic journey.The technical aspects of the game are absolutely impressive both in visual fidelity and in the sound departement. The visuals are stunning and photorealstic at times, the amount of detail put into the environment and character is astonishing. The world feels believable and sometimes you can't stop but to gaze into the darkness or beautiful scenery. Some of the distortion and particle effects are impressive, furthermore they have real actors that blend to well with the game that it makes it feel so uncanny.The sound design itself is absolutely unique and well crafted, the innovation regarding the voice acting and recording is something that I have not experienced yet. Most of the voices that you hear were recorded with a binaural microphone (mostly know from ASRM videos that are very popular) and it certainly makes you feel uneasy hearing voices from all sides of your headphone. The voice acting is superb and immersive, the music is consisted mostly by otherworldly dark ambiance and occaisonal nordic choirs that sound epic, they kick in the right moments.All these elements just blend together so well and like I previously said, it's hard to describe the game itself. It's mostly an experience that you have to witness yourself. It's an innovative game that keeps you on edge and makes you care about Senua and her wellbeing. The slow pacing also suits the game so well.Naturally the game has some minor flaws but honestly this is nitpicking on a very high level. Considering that the game is mostly focused on narrative, the gameplay itself can feel slow and a bit repetitive. Most fights take place in arenas with the same types of enemies, the combat itself is solid but cannot carry the game by itself.  Also at times I got stuck on some of rune puzzles because the paths were so obscure or outright confusing. But seriously, it's really nothing that drags the game down. Just don't go into this game expecting some sort of Dark Souls.All things considered I can only recommend this game, especially for those who like norse mythology, dark and gritty environments, adult themes or just trippy visuals. Just get the game and enjoy it.On a final note I want I encourage everyone to watch the featurette at the end of the game to gain further insight about the themes and developement of the game. It only made me appreciate the nuances and design of the game even more.What a blast to play and witness."
,Recommended,414340,34271588,Posted: 16 August,all,Tentacle Monster,"I've played and finished this game in one sitting, and it was... difficult for my psyche.And body too, but i digrace.I've been waiting for Hellblade since the anouncement.I love Ninja Theory, i like all their games and i truly think they are underrated and have real unique style.Hellblade manged to really surprise me.Surprise and disturb.It's a very well done game on all fronts.Graphics are beautiful. Everything around you is pretty athmosperic and Senua's model is very well done, very detailed.Sometimes textures look blurry, but overall everything is fine.Gameplay is... interesting.For some it may be lacking. Hell, most of you may even call it ""walking simulator"" for most of the game.But, i dunno, i think gameplay variety was pretty balanced.I always liked perspective/surroundings based puzzles, and this game really tickled me with it's puzzles. I liked probably all of them.Combat is great. Sure, it's slow, sluggish and overall wierd... But that's the point. It keeps you on the edge all the time. You are almost always surrounded with multiple enemies, all of them are at least a bit stronger than you. It's pretty exciting. Plus, swordfighting here is pretty cool.Sound may be the most exciting thing in this game.Binaural sound used heavily in this game from the very begining, and it felt great. Sometimes, it felt really disturbing. It really emphasizes what our character goes through and lets us feel at least a portion of her psychosis.But, the Story is the main point of this game.And i won't spoil anything. I don't want to.All i will say that this game is pretty disturbing... At least, it was for me. Maybe because i can relate a little bit.Play it. You won't really regret it, and it's 6 hours long, so you won't lose much time."
,Recommended,414340,34128818,Posted: 9 August,all,Vacuummancer,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is more than a game; it is art. I never had such an intense experience while playing a game.- The combat mechanics are very basic and - aside from the boss fights - fighting is very repetitive, but somehow satisfying- You will have to solve a few puzzles - nothing too complex.- The story reminds me of somewhat of Dante's Inferno (the game not the book ""Divine Comedy""): You travel into Hel(l) to save your beloved and have to face mythological persons/monsters along the way.- The visuals are excellent and the game is very well optimized- The sound. Oh Hel yeah (pun intended) the sound. It is what makes this game. There was never a better sound design in a game or movie. Hearing those voices drives you insane at first, but they quickly become a part of ""you""; They will help or try to deceive you. Some are good others not so... There are times in the game when the voices suddenly disappear leaving you anxious and lonely.After playing the game, I now have a feeling what it might be having a psychosis and I am so grateful for this disturbing and eye opening experience."
,Recommended,414340,34121596,Posted: 9 August,all,Sunset,"A terrifyingly haunting experience.The combat is incredibly fluid and meaty, but it isn't the main focus of this game.This is a game that will challenge you to understand an illness you may have never even heard of and that's the best part of this experience.Truly one of the best games to come out this year so far and I hope to see more like it."
,Recommended,414340,34135206,Posted: 9 August,all,☽DANKEY KANG☾,"One of the coolest, most immersive, games i've ever played. Graphics are insane."
76561197981113480,Recommended,414340,34112448,Posted: 8 August,all,Geschaffl,"I normally don't write reviews, but wow this game deserves a positive rating.Innovative storytelling, beautiful visuals, jaw-dropping sound design, amazing acting and a fight system that is simple yet - combined with permadeath - viciously pumps adrenaline through your veins.This is not just a game, it is an experience - one you will always remember in your gaming years to come.The only downside? You can't buy the soundtrack!"
76561197970705297,Recommended,414340,34112447,Posted: 8 August,all,Cpt Beefheart,"After just two hours i can honestly say that i'm in love with this game. From the first moments it captivates, it is original and it's beautiful in all of its madness. This is THE game if you're into characterization and atmosphere. This game is a piece of art."
,Recommended,414340,34109485,Posted: 8 August,all,Lala-Ru,"Oh what a game!If you're looking for tricky fights or hard puzzles, you're going to have to look elsewhere. This game isn't really about that I feel.It's a fairly short and pretty easy game to beat, However the story is amazing and very engaging, and supreme visuals through the whole thing."
,Recommended,414340,34722485,Posted: 3 September,all,Delirium,"The most beautiful, moving game I have ever played, and I can honestly say my favourite ever made."
,Recommended,414340,34721912,Posted: 3 September,all,Luithian,"I have rarely found a game this layered and meaningful. This is a true underworld journey on many levels for Senua, who happens to be one of the most well rounded and interesting game protagonists I happen to have encountered. Gameplay has a balance of puzzles and fights, but it's the constant slow revelations brought by Senua's determination that make this game hard to put down. She is so very human, and that makes this game unfold in a way that brings the player closer to her experience. I have to admit some of the voices she hears nearly brought tears to my eyes because while I don't hear voices the extent to which she blames and pushes herself, and the relentless self doubt ring true. This is a story about human perserverence, pain, and love. They could not have pulled it off without a lot of planning, and it's clear that a lot of love and care went into making this game amazing and unique."
,Recommended,414340,34600313,Posted: 30 August,all,Terms,Fantastic game with excellent visuals and audio with a solid 7- 10 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,414340,34136738,Posted: 9 August,all,Literally The Worst,"Hellblade is the latest character action game from veterans of the genre Ninja Theory. That's not to say that this is in any way a traditional ""one of those."" While there is certainly action in the game, Ninja Theory wasn't afraid to spend large swaths of time telling its story, solving puzzles, or exploring its environments. Those kinds of liberties were necessary when telling a story with such a delicate subject matter. You see, Senoa, the main character, has a form of psychosis. Its a tough subject to broach but Ninja Theory do a good job treating it with reverence and respect. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/1O9xcfoBeIs"
,Recommended,414340,34111722,Posted: 8 August,all,Nikki Slater,A+ one of the best games out right now period. speaking from experiance i'd say the devs are right on with this one
76561198091841925,Recommended,414340,34220951,Posted: 13 August,all,The World,"nice game, i learn a lot from it , about life , about death, about struggling, which are the nature of life"
,Recommended,414340,34117569,Posted: 8 August,all,TheInfamousLeo,This is the best gaming experiance i have had in a long time. Best indie game of 2017 in my opinion.
,Recommended,414340,34335698,Posted: 18 August,all,滅,Best GFX so far.
,Recommended,414340,35245937,Posted: 27 September,all,【Silhouettes】,"What I'm about to write is a review with mild spoilers that are mildly spoiler'ish, but they are spoilers nonetheless. So you've been warned if you decide to continue to read on. Are you gonna keep reading?! WELL?! ARE YOU?! SHUT THE ♥♥♥♥ UP!This here is a game that brings you along a treacherous journey where you'll experience the trauma of the very broken and shattered mind of Senua. You explore a opposing darkness that grows within her while she carries the amputated head of her lame♥♥♥♥♥boyfriend who very much reminds me of myself with the messages that he projects on her and it really hit home for me as they were similar messages that I have said to a previous partner who turned my life upside down. Senua has this servered head to be carried around her hip to deliver what's left of her boyfriend to a place called Helheim in hopes of reviving him so that she can receive much more than just head from the dead ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.If you were to analyze and compare the retard that is Senua; she's much like that ditsy blonde bimbo from Lollipop Chainsaw; except without the cheerleader outfit and with a personality that screams autism in a different tone. The dialogue throughout the story is decent, but it wasn't satisfying enough to me personally and the dialogue was spoken in disgusting accents that would induce vomiting.Despite my cynical point of view, it was still a decent story and I enjoyed the experience, but I had higher expectations for the game; I hyped for it since it was first announced at an E3 expo years ago and I really expected more. Although, I am content with the game, but not to the standards of which I had in my mind, it honestly could've been better. I felt like they could've focused more on the backstory of Senua, to have her past resurfacing to be in greater detail, but that didn't happen.I still very much look forward to Ninja Theory's future projects as I really do have faith that they will continue to improve as they are in my eyes one of few admirable Game Developers out there. All in all, Hellblade is a game that is coming to realization with how precious you, yourself are and how trauma isn't permanent if you don't allow it to be and it's about coming to terms of accepting acceptance and letting go of what is lost and for my case, it wasn't really much of a loss when I really look at it; all that is left really is just the regret of how much I invested in a person who was a deceitful ♥♥♥♥♥ with borderline personality disorder. I hope all you noble and gentle souls out there protect yourselves. This is the perfect game for those who's freshly dealing with a break up with their signifcant other, you'll then receive the best experience; otherwise you won't feel much of an inspiration at the end of it like I had.I reccommend this game and I can't wait for the next mystery game from Ninja Theory."
,Recommended,414340,34100832,Posted: 8 August,all,Elsi,"I thought this game would be a quick game, with not much content and a few fight scenes. Well I was wrong. The game is absolutely amazing. From the less than two hours i've played it, its been great and full of content. The story is what held me the most though, in my opinion that is the best part of the game.The one thing I disliked was that some of the fights were just random. For example, oh you just defeated this big important guy, opens a gate for you and it takes you back the way you came, so you're not sure if this is the right way to go but mindlessly carry on walking that way, the story narrative comes on so you figure you're going the right way, starts immersing you into the story as you're walking and bam 3 guys just appear and start attacking you. For me that ruined the immersion of the story as I feel like that is the main focus of the game. Yes, i understand that theres that combat element but it feels like the timing between the story and the combat is a little bit off, as you get thrown randomly into fights while trying to leave an important area - which in my opinion should be the story narrative section so you dont get bored when walking out. So basically i'm trying to say is that they should have the story, cut it off at a reasonable point, do the combat thats needed to pass that section, carry on with the story and dont just throw random, unimportant fights into it.That, however, is just my opinion on the game and other than that this game is brilliant. And I believe the devs did a good job and I thank them for making this game."
,Recommended,414340,34127079,Posted: 9 August,all,Usmovers_02,"TLDR: This is definitely primarily an atmospheric and character driven game. If you enjoy those you'll LOVE this game. If you need deep gameplay and challenging combat you will not. On to the review now.So... I'm one of those who LOVE purely character driven games and WOW does this game deliver. Senua is the most instantly compelling character I've seen in a game in years, maybe ever. Despite the very small cast the story really draws you in and you feel what Senua feels and want what Senua wants.This is the bulk of the game /\ /\ /\If that right there isn't what you're looking for in a game then this is NOT for you. The combat is easy and shallow (though ridiculously fun. More on that later) and the puzzles are not all that challenging and very repetitive. Basically you spend 75% of the game  lining up shapes, 15% in combat and about 10% in interesting and unique puzzles. The story is deep but the gameplay is NOT.Now just because the combat is easy doesn't mean it isn't also really fun. All your abilities are unlocked from the beginning but you're never told about any of them. While the combat will always essentially be dodge/counter or block//counter once the game starts throwing more enemies at you at once and you start to learn some of the hidden moves combat becomes extremely cinematic. Senua doesn't moan when swinging and taking hits like pretty much all other female heros but actually screams and grunts. The camera angles know exactly when you need full control and when a more dramatic angle is appropriate. And as easy as the game is you can only die a certain amount of times before it's game over and you have to start from the beginning. The end result is a visually spectacular exprience that manages to be intense and fun without the frustration.The graphics are top notch. Senua's model is so detailed you can see individual hairs. Her eyes are the most expressive I've ever seen in a game and the facial animations somehow top even Oddessy to the West. The environment is beautifully rendered in UE4. While I've seen more detailed environments these ones frequently result in impressive set pieces.The game took me 9 hours taking my time. Could be done in half if I rushed and knew all the puzzles.At the end of the day I whole heartedly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a character driven game."
,Recommended,414340,34380093,Posted: 20 August,all,johntherussian,I TOTALLY SAW THAT ENDING COMING!
,Recommended,414340,34119659,Posted: 9 August,all,Ebola fo a dola,"Don’t let reviews by people who only played ONE hour shape your opinion of this indie title which refuses to hold your handHellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice sticks a middle finger up at the modern, AAA gaming industry and dares to be differentThere’s been a lot of hype, if you knew where to look, around Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice. On a significantly smaller scale, it reminded me of the hype surrounding Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor, back in 2014. Both games promised a mix of great-sounding features that could easily cause the games to fail if they did not deliver.With both games, then, I tried to remain somewhat unbiased and not buy into said hype. Though I was considerably more successful at restraining my interest and excitement in Shadow of Mordor than I was in Hellblade.In the last couple weeks, I’ve been eagerly looking forward to it. Having read a lot of the reviews here on Steam, both positive and negative, however, I went in with my spirits somewhat dampened, consciously, in an effort to avoid disappointment.WARNING:this review includes some, albeit intentionally vague, gameplay spoilers but will be free of story-related spoilers.To specify;The game lets you choose which order to tackle the first two areas in. Both are differentiated by a door with a symbol on it, one yellow, one red (I won’t give any more away than that). I am unsure if the difficulty is adjusted depending on which you go through first, but I went through the door with the yellow symbol first, and tackled the door with the red symbol, the “second area”, next.Initial impressions– The introductory sequence of Hellblade left me feeling very intrigued. There is no HUD at all and no tutorials. I actually had to double-check the controls area of the menu to figure out what I could do. The game doesn’t hold your hand and won’t forgive you for screwing up (death has consequences in Hellblade). As I played, I kept a sharp eye out for the criticisms I’d read about repetitious and easy puzzles and combat. When I’d completed my first hour (also the first section of the game), I could see where these reviewers were coming from.But a lot of these reviewers stopped playing after an hour. That was about the time I ended my first session. The difference is, I picked it up a couple hours later and played some more.Over the next 90 minutes as I explored the second section of the story, a lot of my fears about repetitive puzzles and combat went out the window almost immediately. This section, while containing somewhat similar puzzle elements, added a whole new dimension to the puzzle-solving that the first area lacked, thus building on and improving it greatly.The combat also became more tense and heart-pounding, introducing two new minions to the mix. During the first area leading up to the first boss, none of the enemies felt very threatening, even on Hard difficulty. They attacked slowly, weren’t very aggressive and died quickly.The first boss spiced things up with an entirely new move-set compared to the minions. But it still wasn’t too challenging. The first area is, in a sense, the tutorial.The second boss was entirely different to the first. No similar attacks or moves at all. It was during this boss-fight and the journey leading to it that the combat became more intense. While I didn’t die, I did come close on a couple occasions, which shows a level of balance on the developers part, in my opinion. I was fearful enough of my life to weigh my actions before making them, but not so much so that I felt the need to play defensively, which would quickly grow boring.Conclusion- There is a lot to like, thus far, in Hellblade, and I hope the game continues to grow and throw curveballs. While one could have complaints, such as the lack of variation in attack and block animations, there is still enough variety there to keep entertained.Also, it is worth bearing in mind that this is NOT a AAA game. It looks like one and plays like one, but it is indie through-and-through, down to and, most importantly of all, the budget. With all that in mind, Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice sticks a middle finger up at the modern gaming industry and dares to be different."
,Recommended,414340,35042905,Posted: 18 September,all,Awpteamoose,"For the most part, it's rather mediocre and boring, but there are flashes of brilliance here and there that make the experience worthwhile. If it were to cut filler and padding, focus on the theme and involve it in gameplay (which the game does, just not enough) then it would be an instant classic.I only recommend this if you're willing to sit through ~7 hours of filler and padding to experience a few great moments."
,Recommended,414340,34119603,Posted: 9 August,all,Moivan,Just beat the game. Worth every penny 10/10 Great job!
,Recommended,414340,34131499,Posted: 9 August,all,Simbiat,"Hellblade is frigging amazing. Honestly, I remember quite a few games with good soundtrack or good sound design, but to use it this way? Even that game where you play blind girl in a haunted house was not able to use stereo sound not as a mandatory addition, but as an actual part of the experience. Some say fighting is dull and simple, but, they need to remember, that this is not Devil May Cry. It makes sense. You can feel the impact of each blow through each animation, even though it is repetitive to a point. And the fact, that you do NOT see that there is someone behind you and the only indication of that are the voices in Senua's head... Again, that makes sense. It feels close to Condemned: Criminal Origins, which was a very gritty and brutal experience. And visually while it's not photorealistic or anything, it's still good. Playing with lights and effects... Only one game comes to my mind to compare it, but it was a Far Cry from what Hellblade provides. And this is from just 1 hour of playtime so far. This is what fuels my passion, my desire to be able to make a game by the time I die.Ninja Theory, thank you for another great experience.A bit about technical stuff: 4k, very high, on GTX1070 - 30 FPS stable (remember, that it's not FPS that makes it smooth!). In terms of sound, I have Creative Labs Gigaworks T40 Seris II and it plays good, but I need to turn it up a bit more than usual.It's also fine with Sony MDR-ZX770BN. Sound differs, of course, but equally good in both cases. Definitely not recommended with integrated speakers or monitor speakers or whatever."
76561197984859112,Recommended,414340,34722519,Posted: 3 September,all,Monkeyman,Thanks Mr. Sweeney for giving this engine away so that talented indies can get right into making amazing games like this one.And thanks Ninja Theory for daring to be different.Fantastic experience!
,Recommended,414340,34299405,Posted: 16 August,all,✪ Animus,"Outstanding. Worth the price. The quality is of a $60 AAA game made by Indies. Amazing Graphics, the story is actually deep and though-provoking. The combat may be a side to the actual gameplay but also very satisfying. Pick this game up and support devs that make these types of games. We need more like this."
76561198061609319,Recommended,414340,34299451,Posted: 16 August,all,amr.kassem,"Great game, especially when you know that it was made by a small team. Great combat (a bit simple though), amazing visuals, great puzzles (for the most part), good stroy. But, the ending (no spoilers) left me a bit confused/dissapointed. Overall, great game and I would like to see more games like this."
,Recommended,414340,34297420,Posted: 16 August,all,Mordschlag,"""The hardest battles are fought in the mind."""
76561197993507398,Recommended,414340,34307718,Posted: 17 August,all,kalib_88,Wish Cdproject and Ninja Theory would unite...
76561198272558107,Recommended,414340,34312126,Posted: 17 August,all,Parshendi,"If you are thinking about buying ""Helldlade: Senua's Sacrifice"" you should know what to expect. The way I see it, this game is a strictly linear interactive story. You can only play as Senua and you have to follow a fixed storyline and solve certain situations in order to move forward in the game. Such situations include puzzles to open doors, defeating all enemies in your path and finding a way to reconstruct broken bridges. That’s it. The puzzles are not hard at all and very repetitive in its mechanics, just a way to add some time to a short videogame (you can easily finish it in less than 10 hours). The enemies you find in your way are also repetitive, but the fight system is fine enough. It takes quite a bit of evading, blocking and precise timing to avoid being beaten. Fights are also scarce for my taste, for this is a completely dead land where everyone but you is dead. So, do not expect a lot of fighting. And you cannot pick up your fights or choose your enemies, they simply come to you.There is no leveling, XP gain, skill tree options, gear upgrades or character progression. Nor there is a tutorial. The one thing you have keep track of is some ""darkness"" that keeps crawling up your arm every time you die. I believe that if it reaches Senua's head, you die for good and have to start from scratch again. I cannot confirm this, but the game implies it at some point early in the game.The graphics and art design are extraordinary, really polished, and the game flows smoothly. I haven't experience any glitch, bug or FPS drop that I noticed. I really enjoyed the trip through this land.The sound is also outstanding, both music, FXs and voice acting. The binaural stuff is really cool, it really suits the story.Overall, I find this game a nicely polished piece of digital art. It is entertaining, a quality that many games do not possess anymore. It is a good story, beautifully narrated. But if you are looking for a challenging, addictive, skill demanding or action packed videogame, Hellblade is not what you want to purchase. It is not a game for everyone out there, but it is a good one if you enjoy this kind of entertainment. I actually loved it."
76561197972435861,Recommended,414340,34234188,Posted: 14 August,all,V1S0R,Awesome Visuals. Mind bending effects and Storytelling.The Playtime is a bit short and the Gameplay kind of repetetive.Must Play: 9/10
76561198045853876,Recommended,414340,34097899,Posted: 8 August,all,Underdeveloped Potato,Not mutch i can say  about the game right now other than its impressive. its visuals and naritive are great and unique the whole headphones needed things should not be taken lightly the sounds of this game change it completely and make it above and beyond its combat can be challenging for some but it was easy to get the grasp of just remember to listen to the voices in your head and you will be fine ill touch this up once im done so far its a reccomended from me
,Recommended,414340,34102172,Posted: 8 August,all,Shifthappens,"This game was FANTASTIC. Hands down the best story game I have played this year. Took me around 6 hours to beat it, puzzles were fun and challenging, and the fighting was fun with a bit of difficulty but a perfect balance. BRAVO NINJA THEORY!The story really came together and then the gameplay was flawless. To top everything off, the graphics were just crazy good! Finally a game that comes out that doesn't even need a patch."
76561198020403244,Recommended,414340,34123809,Posted: 9 August,all,Mr.AntiGamer,"You have to just laugh when all these dumbass people. Buy a game thats clearly all about the story, and then whine about it. Dev post after dev post on the game running in real time with the devs saying it will have some combat but thats not what its about. All the new gen gamers do is whine. The being said lets move on to the game.The game looks pretty and runs great on a gtx 970, with slight dips from 60fps maxed out.Facial animation and voice acting are off the charts way better than most triple A games, I would even say its on par or a little better than the witcher 3.The game is very heavy on narration of lore, and i mean heavy. If you are like me and have been waiting for a Old school simple story driven game this is it.Audio is on Battlefield level of good, you can hear the smallest things and its also has binaural sound.Despite all the bad review saying you lose your save you actually dont, if they would of stopped whining and looked at the clues they would know that, its a Mental illness game.the only really bad part i can think of is some of the puzzles are boring, but some of them are really unique. But they could of done less letter puzzles.Bottom line if you want a old school story teller with cutsense, perfect audio, good graphics, perfect Facial animation and good voice acting this is the game for you. Really its made by 13 people and its more polish than triple A games."
,Recommended,414340,34144674,Posted: 10 August,all,ZiCell,*write a review* *yes* *he should* *he's scared* *what else?* *he has to* *he's sick of reviews* *no* he's just not in the mood* *no!* *nonsence* *the game needs feedback* *give it a thumbs up* *oh what a game* *don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥* *just don't make it short* *why not?* *make a good review* *a long one* *with cons and pros* *no!* *make a joke* *hurry!*It's basically a walking simulator with occasianl sword duels. So far the most beautiful walking simulator.*what is this?* *is he serious?* *lol* he is serious* *has he gone mad?* *it's not even a joke!* *haha* *it's not funny* *why did he stop?* *it's useless!* *keep writing!* *he has to delete it* *there's no point!* *he's only gonna get downvotes* *he's abandoned us* *yes!* *he's not listening* *why are even trying?* *let's go grab some drinks boys* *hell with this guy*
,Recommended,414340,35178569,Posted: 24 September,all,t.tv StarscreamNL,"Just play this artwork!!! very wellmade, good story and look very good!"
,Recommended,414340,34162418,Posted: 10 August,all,Saad.AlTaMiMi 🔑,اتمناء نخذ أفضل لعبه هذا السنةالاصوات قصه ثانيه ..رهيبببببببب بشكل جنوني
,Recommended,414340,34129568,Posted: 9 August,all,genderfluid,Holy f u c c b a l l s this is too much for me.
76561197999949582,Recommended,414340,34100968,Posted: 8 August,all,Milč,"Story telling, atmosphere and sound in this game are just WOW!Combat is nothing innovative but it's still good. Love the voices that tell You from which side enemies will attack!The biggest plus of this game is its price since it's AAA game.Good job!"
,Recommended,414340,34151200,Posted: 10 August,all,CM Mackem,No SLI Support :(Thumbs up just because.
76561197977705598,Recommended,414340,34131891,Posted: 9 August,all,Mr. Taco (vinny),"Hellblade is such an amazing game in my opinion because of the fact that mental illness is portrayed realistically, specifically psychosis. However I am biased because psychology fascinates me so much so other people may not enjoy this game as much. This game plays more like a puzzle game and a ""walking simulator"" combined with some combat. If you're thinking about playing the game expecting a hack and slash game then avoid this game. The combat is very basic but gets the job done. You have light attacks, strong attacks, a dodge and block. The combat feels fluid. Your attacks can be canceled into a dodge and you are never stuck in an animation. Despite this, the combat gets repetitive after a while and is only used to drive the story forward. The acting in this game is really well done as well and you can really see the pain in Senua's in expressions.In my opinion I feel like this game is more about being a learning tool to help understand psychosis and if anyone is interested in the subject they should play this game."
76561197990437575,Recommended,414340,34164650,Posted: 11 August,all,Triplemozg,"Great result for an experimental arthouse game. It's not perfect by all means, but definitely worth checking, rare type of AAA indie."
,Recommended,414340,34098286,Posted: 8 August,all,Mald,Yes
,Recommended,414340,34218826,Posted: 13 August,all,aslird,"This is a  reasonably short game (steam says 8 hours) but one of my best gaming experiences in the last couple of years. The graphics are amazing and the sound is outstanding (make sure you wear headphones for the best experience). Gameplay wise it is a bit average, with simple puzzles and basic combat, but this isn't an action game, it is a journey through the mind of a very disturbed psychotic person, and I cannot recommend it highly enough."
76561198027858653,Recommended,414340,34096360,Posted: 7 August,all,Gorgeous Freeman,"This game looks gorgeous and so far it has been decently captivating. The game does a good job of setting the tone. Absolutely love the visuals, very alluring. Rather bleak color scheme but occasionally has something thats more vibrant. Only real complaint at the moment is that I can't seem to find a setting for mouse sensitivity as the sensitivity seems to be pretty low naturally.Definitely recommend using headphones, don't think it would be the same experience without them.Using a GTX970m with 16gb of ram, framerate at max settings floats between 30 and 40 frames with occasional slight dip below 30."
76561197996131788,Recommended,414340,34137220,Posted: 9 August,all,thorin,Screenshot simulator 2017.The actual game is good too ;)
76561197970665890,Not Recommended,414340,34209126,Posted: 13 August,all,Jimbob,"More a walking simulator than a game in the traditional sense, this would be ok in some circumstances since the graphics and sound design in this are top-notch (I played using surround sound headphones which I would recommend if you get the game); however the gameplay sections are dull and simplistic. Combat is basic, a far cry from DMC. The puzzles mostly involve wandering around trying to find glowing icons to line up in order to trigger a door to open up, pretty boring stuff. I also encountered a bug in my save meaning all the glowing ravens I was supposed to line up all dissappeared and I was unable to cross bridges I'd previously pushed down, this made progression impossible since the game relies on an autosave system with no manual saves. A shame, but I cannot recommend."
76561198047306294,Recommended,414340,34097290,Posted: 7 August,all,Madmatt,Literal PTSD simulator
,Recommended,414340,34098762,Posted: 8 August,all,mamaWeasley,schizophrenia simulator through ASMR journey based on Norse mythology with some occasional sword fight.10/10 would recheck the house is empty again
,Recommended,414340,34096061,Posted: 7 August,all,Travis,"They told me to review this game, they said it was great & he agreed.Not to make light on a very dark subject which Hellblade doesn't stray from in the slightest. Hellblade Senau's Sacrifice pulls no punches when it comes to delving into the darker aspects of the human mind. Atmospheric is the best word to describe Hellblade, you feel the weight of existence pressing down on Senua, her terror, & at times joy and hope.If you're buying into this venture for the combat I wouldn't advise a purchase. While simple & lacking any progression or development it's satisfying enough to carry the story. Combat comes down to knowing the few enemy types, careful position, & good use of Senua's one ability, her focus which slows time & allows for extra strikes.Between combat & advancing the story, the rest of the game is divided into, at times simple, yet interesting perspective puzzles. Even at times bringing feelings of portal's puzzles back.In short...a great atmospheric well told delve into the darkness of psychosis."
,Not Recommended,414340,34428875,Posted: 22 August,all,Deegnoot,"I want to start off by saying I REALLY want to like it for what this is... But I can't for what it's pretending not to be (a game). Though it starts out very strongly and really got me in a good psychological mood, it quickly side-stepped into a mediocre combat game with some puzzles. Felt bored after 40 minutes and stopped after an hour. Just couldn't get into it after the repetition began."
76561197975912077,Recommended,414340,34098063,Posted: 8 August,all,Vicarious,"Step 1- Put on HeadphonesStep 2-CrappantsStep 3-Smilelike an idiotStep 4- Clean that S*** up, and try again"
,Not Recommended,414340,34223906,Posted: 13 August,all,Jabroni Joe,"Man was this game beautiful. The story though, it's more so subpar but holds a deeper meaning to it when you think about it deeply. Some aspects seem as if they were more time wasting than anything, such as the rune doors and overly repetitive combat which was extremely simple, even when set to ""Hard."" I found myself to get extremely bored at times, the aspect is amazing, but god does it get annoying, large amounts of critical thinking is required at points for some of the most pointless things which doesn't contribute much to the story. Overall very clunky and lots of bugs such as seeing through walls when walking too close, strange camera angles making combat annoying, such as on the bridge towards the final battle. OH BOY, THE FINAL BATTLE! I spent 27 minutes of my time fighting non-stop in the end and eventually got so annoyed I just killed myself to see if it was a bug, nope, just what you're supposed to do! I feel as if I wasted so much time playing this game, aesthetically, it was super pleasing, story wise, it was a mess. I was very much so looking forward to playing this game, but now that i'm done, I honestly wish I never bought it and just watched the gameplay. I mean, you get what you pay for. Save your money and just watch the gameplay, doing it yourself will probably just use up an absurd amount of your time doing ""busy-work"" like tasks."
76561197964957155,Not Recommended,414340,34363179,Posted: 19 August,all,GaGrin,"I can't condeem this game completely, but I can't think of a game that's conflicted me in my opinion this much.On the one hand, this is a game with incredible atmosphere: a desperate, bleak look into a mind and mythos that deserves to be experienced.On the other hand, I can't think of a game making me this angry so consistantly as I try to progress simply because in a game primarily about looking at things and managing group-combat, the camera is suitable for neither of these.This is likely an artistic choice and initially at least I was willing to forgive this as the game seemed to be paced to be slower and more psychological in nature.  However, particularly in the later portion of the game there are long sequences which depend on your ability to process very complex environments and large numbers of mixed combatants.It's just about playable, but constantly frustrating and, crucially, took me out of the experience when I found myself fighting the technical limitations of the camera instead of the foes or puzzles.  If you are the sort of person who can forgive these issues for an interesting plot and you value atmosphere, then there is alot here you may find you can enjoy.I don't regret my purchase if for no other reason than I think the concepts and aesthetic they tried here are fascinating, but these play issues frustrated me to the point that I know I'll never play the game again.  That, to me, speaks volumes."
,Not Recommended,414340,34152559,Posted: 10 August,all,Echo,"Summary:Extremely strong cinematic experience, but lacking in actual gameplay for price.Would recommend purchace on sale (for under 10.00GBP / 12.98USD) or watching a silent playthrough on youtube.Firstly, I do not dislike the game at all. It's beautifully rendered, the atmosphere is fantastic, the storytelling and mythological aspects are on point. The whispers / madness mechanic is very well done (although gets annoying towards the end, especially when it starts talking over a rune story to tell me something obvious), and adds character and atmosphere to the game in SPADES.The animation, texturing and terrain is all exceptionally well done (aside from a single time my sword decided to stick to my face). Occasionally slips into the uncanny valley on the facials, but is generally prety good.The combat engine is perfectly decent. Whilst simple in its mechanics, it is fluid and gets the job done with no bother. It is by no means hard, however - with the exception of an insta-kill attack in the midgame and another in the final boss, I didn't die in combat at all.A few annoying instances of narrative breaking mecanics - such as dropping a thing we had previously held secure through hell and high water for no reason whatsoever. Protagonist making clearly questonable decisions (obvious trap etc) but providing no alternative for the aware gamer simply because the story demanded it.However, it was 24.99GBP / 32.44USD. For a 7 hour game, this is already quite a lot. For a game that is at least half cutscene and cinematic wandering, this is too much.For the same price you could get any number of games that would keep you actually playing for much much longer. This is an excellent rendering tech demo. A masterclass in cinematicsand atmosphere. A top notch representation of mental health, associated stigmatism and effects of childhood trauma. But as a game? Not enough for the price."
,Recommended,414340,34346396,Posted: 19 August,all,MySidesTheyAreGone,"This game's flaws can be found in many other games; but its strenghts are unique and well worth the price. If you do get it, use headphones."
76561198033592974,Recommended,414340,34320910,Posted: 17 August,all,mpumphrey,"Really amazing experience, highly recommend!"
76561198023979906,Recommended,414340,34416874,Posted: 22 August,all,Znarvos,"Seanuas Sacrifice tells a great story about a serious and misunderstood topic.It is not fun (not even a bit) but it becomes incredebly, incredebly engaging. It's dark and disturbing to the point that i had to force myself to go on for at least one time, all the while the lingering fear of permadeath in mind. Yet i got throug it and it is worth it.Best play unspoilered, do not use guides or wikis! Feeling helpless and desoriented is part of the immersion."
,Recommended,414340,34416566,Posted: 22 August,all,Shadow116,"I'm not easily impressed by graphics but this games makes it seem like you're playing a movie. The story is also amazing, and I love the concept of the rot spreading everytime you die, and eventually it gets to your brain and automatically resets your save data. If you're thinking about giving this game a try, do it, you won't regret it... Unless you die a lot and have to start over that is."
76561198163452886,Recommended,414340,34126482,Posted: 9 August,all,gschlachter,"This is an insane new ride, from the graphics to the actual combat mode and story line. There are a few dry spots where you're left wondering around slowly (it is befitting to your character) however it makes for a slower playthru . The puzzles are well done as well as the discoveries you must endure. I am not done all the way as it is getting harder by every corner, especially if you leave the difficulty on auto ... game adjust and gets harder and harder.All i can say not many timeis did i get a cramp in my fingers from pushing all buttons on the controller to survive ..... this Game did ! ! When you play , pay attention at all times, remember, and fight well, all in all a well made pleasant experience to the senses. Try itUpdate:Game is finished …. What a ride, play it with an open mind, i don’t want to add any spoilers. It is frightening, hard, scary, with tons of excellent screen time, something completely different. I can't wait for the next addition. Addictive ….  You simply have to know what happens next. Great job guys !!"
76561197971318011,Recommended,414340,34129956,Posted: 9 August,all,ksaf,"Imagine Ryse: son of Rome, Silent Hill and the Babadook had an LCD filled  passionate orgy that resulted in one of them getting knocked up. During the term, the abuse of psychotropic substances continued at alarming quantities. The newborn infant, i'm no obstetrician but i'm pretty sure it was premature, was called Hellblade. It's an amazingly immersive game. I loved it from the very beginning."
,Recommended,414340,34131317,Posted: 9 August,all,Ace,"Hellblade reflects us the psychosis experience in a terrifyingly good way. After the first 45 minutes I had to give a break because the voices were getting to me (with time, I loved them though; they even became my favorite thing in this game). And not just the voices; the dialogue, the story etc. it's clear that they took their time to learn about the plot elements.Thanks to their advanced mo-cap technology; the animations are unrivaled. It beats most of the AAA blockbusters. Added with the amazing voice acting; characters become alive.Graphics are great. Senua's model, enemies etc. are very high quality. Some objects like rocks etc. have not-that-high-quality textures; but after lighting and effects they seem fine. Lighting, reflections, particles etc. are great thanks to Unreal Engine 4, so no problem there either.Graphics are nice, animations are top notch, voice acting is great and there is no HUD in the game. Which makes it very immersive.Combat was a bit basic but you feel the impact of the hits, so it's nice too. Only problem is rare combat sequences lasts a bit longer than what it should be. With the basic combat, they start to become repetitive.To sum it up, Ninja Theory had a 100% awesome track record for me, and I was hyped for this game. And boy did it deliver! I don't watch most trailers to not get spoiled up so I was expecting an action/adventure game with mental illness themes as a side note. What we got is way better and I'm already hyped about Ninja Theory's next game."
76561198048471960,Recommended,414340,34132481,Posted: 9 August,all,Imanatas,"If you don't expect another Souls game, then you shoul give it a go. I don't remember the last time, when I was amazed by game this much..."
,Recommended,414340,34118040,Posted: 8 August,all,KiZerRoll,"Very InterestingSo I didn't want to write a review until I finished the game so I could give a fair perspective. Now that I'm finished I can say that this was a fantastic game!StoryThe story is very good, although it somewhat lacks in context most of the time. This is definitely a trippy experience but very interesting to see what may go on in the mind of people with psychosis and creates a unique perspective. Not much narrative as there was only one real person in the game. You do get some back story but it leaves you with wanting to know more. If they had a bigger team I imagine they could have expanded on this into something truely visionary. As it stands it was still pretty good.GraphicsI was a little concerned when I saw previews of the game a few years back when it was first announced. The graphics seemed pretty bad however, I am pleased to say they must have done some upgrading since then as the graphics are currently top notch and very well done.PerformanceThis game is greatly optimized. I am running an i7 3770K with a gtx 980ti and 16 GB of RAM on Windows 7. The game ran at max settings with a consistant 60fps, no stuttering, no glitches, no crashes. Considering that other huge AAA teams have been coming out with very unstable games lately, and the fact this one was made with only 13 people, show that there is no excuse to release a game in such a poor state. Other developers need to take note as this is how you release a game. To say that I finished a game on day one with no glitches or crashes of any kind with a solid frame rate is very rare these days. Proof that other developers are lazy, so definitely kudos to you Ninja Theory.GameplayThe gameplay was pretty fun. Some unique visual puzzles that got a bit repetitive after awhile but was still interesting nonetheless. Decent scenery and a few other unique things here and there that may surprise you. Now to talk about the one thing every one is complaining about...the combat. Ok honestly the combat isn't bad at all. Yes it's not Dark Souls, get over it. It was never supposed to be like Dark Souls. Personally I think that is a good thing. I don't understand this new fad where every video game now needs to be balls to the wall challenging. I personally hate those games. I like to relax and enjoy my video games, not get so frustrated and ticked off to the point of throwing my controller. Just don't see how that's fun. I will take easy, stylized, fun combat over super challenging combat any day, where all you do is dodge, one hit, dodge, one hit, dodge, one hit and repeat until dead. Just don't see how that entertains people. This game does a good job with the combat. It starts out easy but does get more difficult as the game goes on. I had the combat set to auto and it seemd to place me somewhere between normal and hard, however I had to turn it down to easy to beat a beast boss near the end, so there is some challenge to it. There is variety as well. There is light attack, heavy attack, and melee. There is also run, parry/block, and dodge and you can mix a combo of all these together to get a decent variety of different moves, you just need to experiment with it. You can even charge up your heavy attack by holding down the button. They don't explain a lot about the combat so you kinda have to figure it out but the variety is there. One last thing that a lot of people seem to be ticked off about and that is the permadeath system so if you want I can explain that which is thisSurprise! There is no permadeath system. That's right, the game completely lies to you. They do it to purposfully instill fear and tension into you but you can die as many times as you want and you will never start all the way over from the beginning. Feel better now?OverviewOverall this is a great game. Considering the fact that this was a high quality, unique, fun experience delivered to you by only 13 people for only $30 is well worth the praise it gets. These guys must be supported. This may be the new thing that knocks the greed right out of these other developers. Some are $150 for the special editions for crap sakes. It is getting out of hand and this is a perfect example of getting back to video game's roots. Fun, unique, creative art for a good price. This is definitely worth your time.ScoreSolid 9/10"
,Recommended,414340,34124714,Posted: 9 August,all,bird,"A truly beautiful game in both graphics and writing. Didn't question the plot once, and the facial animations are stunning, immersive and everso real.I played through the entire game in one sitting on release day. I didn't want to stop. The combat and ""on-rails"" feel might put some off in the early game, but the puzzles do grow and the world opens up, a bit.Generally, if you want devil may cry, this isn't it and I'm sorry. It is definitely more narrative-focused than gameplay-focused, but the effort behind that narrative and putting you into that world is very much apparent. If you liked the lost woods from Ocarina of Time you're in for a treat in the late game.The game is 80% puzzles, 20% combat and 100% story. The puzzles are totally unique - or at least I've never experienced anything like them in any other game. They rely heavily on visual perspective, and utilize some very clever graphical design to make them happen. They feel magical.It's a strong balance. It's a full-body experience and the ending could leave you in tears.The art direction is fantastic - character and world design are gorgeous, with the environments perpetually shifting and changing around you. Transitions between worlds are almost seamless and performed excellently.The combat mechanics are intuitive and responsive, although the variety in enemies is definitely lacking and some of the fights feel like they go on a little too long without progressing in difficulty enough. I played on ""auto"" difficulty. I'm not sure what this means. There's no tutorial or button-press-guides. I'd assume auto difficulty scales the enemy's strength and HP to how much you're struggling with the game, but I died a total of 3 times in my entire playthrough so perhaps this was too easy. There definitely needs to be a wider variety of enemies and attacks, and if the fights are going to last as long as they do they need to be more challenging.The game handles the mental illness aspects very delicately and immersively. There's an interesting dyamic between Senua's awareness that her psychoses are internal and her experience in the periodic setting. The game treats mental illness with a very modern understanding, and presents it in a frame that makes sense for the setting. Senua understands her illness as internal, but contextualizes it in the framework of norse mythology, and shows you what life with mental illness might've been like, a little bit, centuries ago - with the reactions of others focused more on the supernatural and superstition rather than medicine and understanding.TLDR:Pros: wow, this story. Wow, these puzzles. Wow, this design. Wow, these character animations. Wow, these graphics.Cons: Not enough variety in enemies, fights last a little too long.You won't regret playing through it. Just don't spoil it for yourself first - watching a full ""let's play"" or playthrough VOD of this game might make actually playing it for yourself a little redundant."
76561198007434818,Recommended,414340,34133146,Posted: 9 August,all,MouseRat,"Something in between a third person adventure and a walking simulator. I've just completed the first boss, and am enthralled with the game. Very narrative centric, with some puzzle elements as you progress and combat that while not mechanically brilliant, is nonetheless weighty, visceral, and most importantly, fun. I can see how it will get more challenging later on.And then there's the presentation of Sennua's mind state as she goes on this ""vision quest."" The game centers on this; it is an integral part of the experience. The game wouldn't exist without it, and It's incredible. It's new. It's haunting. I am a massive fan of any narrative that uses an unreliable narrator, and this  is the best use of that in a game I've ever come across. The story and quest are gritty, harsh, and dark, and this is reflected well in Sennua's voice, character, and model.Graphically and stylitically a beautfiul, grim world, presented in a well defined syle with incredible effects added to contribute to the narrative. So far, a great use of Nordic and Celtic lore as well.If you're like me, and love style and narrative but find walking simulators a little too lacking in gameplay to be worth it, then this is the perfect game. Excellent balance between quite time and active gameplay.A game that is greater than the sum of its parts.Will update if I feel the need to add more or change my opinion later. But for now, on a scale of one to 10:IGN gave something other than COD a 9/10"
76561198156282999,Recommended,414340,34118433,Posted: 8 August,all,ChazzDoomington,"Finished up my first playthrough about 90 minutes ago and since then I've spent the majority of my time racking my brain trying to think of a character in any game that I've ever been more invested in. Nothing is coming to mind.Right off the bat you should know, this game deals with issues relating to, and contains a very effective performance of a person experiencing, deep psychological troubles. For myself it fostered a kind of empathy I've never felt for a player character before, but I can absolutely imagine and understand people being upset or uncomfortable while watching such a portrayal. It really is quite breathtakingly great/borderline painful to watch.Hellblade is 2 parts puzzle/walking sim and 1 part Souls-lite combat and is held together by a plot chock full of Norse/Celtic mythology and which is so well written and performed that... Well, you read how I feel about the main character so that tells the story of the story.Puzzles are moderately challenging with a lot of visual alignment and ""find the weird shape in the ocean of weird shaped things"" style conundrums. Thankfully they rarely outstay their welcome in part due to some subtle hints here and there from various sources.Combat on surface level is very Souls like. You have a heavy, a light and ""THE BOOT"" for dealing with shield wielders as well as the obligatory dodge button. However in execution the combat feels satisfyingly refreshing and proves to be far more forgiving and emotive than it's sadistic ancestor. The dodge feels much more subtle varying, depending on circumstance, from a slight feint to a full on combat roll with variations in between. You can mash lights and heavies to your heart's content and probably get the job done no problem at all. But should you wish to play around with the button inputs you might be delighted with the things you can find. I certainly was and that was before I realised you could use the run button to do crazy badass flying knee attacks to those shield bearing bast*rds. Damn I enjoyed the combat in this game!Overall I feel Hellblade is a tremendous achievement, blending two seemingly disparate genres together in a manner that beautifully conveys the strengths of both without falling prey to the follies of either. This genuinely may be one of the very best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,414340,34122083,Posted: 9 August,all,nRage,"This is art like no other. The kind of innovation that rarely comes these days. One of those games that push this media to the ultimate form of expression. It really blurs the line between just a game, and a transcendental masterpiece of an experience.This is GOTY material. Definetely not for everyone, but those who take this on wholeheartedly will be talking about this one for a while to come."
76561198043642780,Recommended,414340,34122770,Posted: 9 August,all,Seeka,"This game is simply amazing.This game is the definition of Immersion. Dark, sombre and inifinitely mysterious - even on easy it feels like we are just a little worm in an afterlife conspiring against us.The central theme to the game is mental health, and as Senua is constantly plagued (and sometimes assisted by) voices in her head, physical threats, traumatic flashbacks and physically crippling depression - the game feels like wading through sheer terror to reach an end. They really did their homework on various mental disorders, and it translates to the game in amazing, poetic darkness.Senua is an amazing protagonist. 90% of the dialogue comes through the voices in her head, but since they're all a part of her there's something so genuine and deep about it. These voices are Senua's innermost doubts and conflicts - making for raw artistic characterisation that it beautifully written. The only thing wrong with the writing really is that it gets tiresome to hear about ""The Darkness.""The graphics are amazing, and beautifully rendered. Combat is smooth and entertaining while still being terrifying. The looming threat of permadeath literally written on Senua's arm is a constant reminder that every failure leads to a potential end of the story. Often I find myself involuntarily panting after difficult combat encounters and if that's not immersion I don't know what is.I'm looking forward to finding out how the story ends. So far it reeks of Lovecraftian doom but there's something so strong and tenacious about Senua that I can't help but feel success is possible too. It's hope beyond hope with the threat of  doom dangling in front of you.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an amazing game and anyone who says otherwise is probably the same kind of person who gets pissy at *any* game with a female protagonist. Ignore them, this game is amazing."
76561198019424810,Recommended,414340,34115901,Posted: 8 August,all,Doubleclick,"Even better than I imagined it would be. I was only expecting some nice video game art with some combat mechanics thrown in, but every part of it stands taller than I hoped. The graphics are excellent, sound design is great, wonderful acting performances, and really nice direction, script and voice work too. The combat is at least as good as any other hack-and-slash game I've played, and better than many. It's to the makers' credit that combat feels like an *event*, even though there's a lot of it. Sometimes Senua pulls out her sword to fight, and you notice that it's actually been a while since you had to swing a sword because you've been busy with puzzles and story. Yes, it's short, but every section is made with a lot of love.Minor nitpicks would be that while the world design is top notch, the level design is occasionally bizarrely poor. I don't mind disguising an entrance to a secret cave or something, but if the player can't see the simple adjoining corridor to the next section of the map, we have a problem! Also there are some maps which would have been enormously improved by a level designer who excels at layout."
,Recommended,414340,34115884,Posted: 8 August,all,Elysium,"Fantastic game so far. But yeah, use headphones, you'll get a much better experience.Scores:Story:Narration: 10/10 -Great voices, good writing.Plot: -To be judged-Ambience: 8/10 -Sounds make you immersed in the world and in Senua herself.Setting: 10/10 -Well crafted, feels real, yet eerie.Visual narration: 8/10 -The world and how you interact with it plays a role in the storytelling.Gameplay:Puzzles: 8/10 -Well made but easy.Movement: 8/10 -A little less freedom than I'd prefer.Combat: 10/10 -The combat is fluid and animated well. Feels like a -much- better For Honor, in some ways.Difficulty: 7/10 -A bit too easy, still hard enough to be fun.Mechanics: 10/10 -Especially permadeth and how it's handled. A+So yeah, game feels great to play and is entertaining, though a bit scary. It's alsoinsanely cheap. Recommended."
,Recommended,414340,34115995,Posted: 8 August,all,Schmergle,interesting take on simulating mental illness through a video game. hour and a half in and I already feel like I'm going crazy. well developed lore and world. Would reccomend if you want a combination between a scary walking simulator and dark souls lite gameplay.
,Recommended,414340,34101050,Posted: 8 August,all,bheps.goodpoint,"This review was written two hours into the game.GraphicsFirst of all, Hellblade is one of the most graphically pleasing games out there. Environments, lighting, and animations are all spot on. In addition, performance is unexpectedly smooth even with maximized settings.SoundThe sound design is haunting, and a headset is needed to fully experience it. From the gasping breaths of Senua, to the whispers from her psychosis, every sound adds to the feeling of dread and fear.GameplayWhen you're not busy sightseeing, most of your time would be spent solving environmental puzzles, using the Focus function and finding runes to open gates. The puzzles are not terribly difficult, although the level designs do make navigation rather confusing. Combats are sparse, and there are not many types of enemies. After several bouts, it does get somewhat stale. That being said, combat controls are tight, and each engagement feels challenging. Boss battles are especially fun.The Photo Mode is a very handy tool to create beautiful screenshots -- the camera is freely controllable, complete with instagram-like effects, vignettes, and even camera focus, exposure, and aperture settings."
,Recommended,414340,34117791,Posted: 8 August,all,Drunk3n_Axel,"The game has a very cinematic approach.  There is no HUD display and the transition between out of combat and into combat is smooth and flows well with the cinematic feel.  The graphic is very nice, although i noticed there some blur to the background so not super detailed and very noticeble on high resolution (3440x1440).  The game does support Ultra wide and it looks fantastic. The audio is amazing if you have good speakers or headphones.  Games run very smooth and I did not experience any technical issues or crashes.This game is best enjoyed for anyone that likes to soak in the environment and experience a compelling story.  It is not at all fast pace.  Each section of the game consist of you walking and solving straight forward puzzles and fighting.  The battle is the highlight for me.  It is extremely simple but it feels fun and rewarding.  The animations of the attacks, weight of each blows, and sound effects all combine for  engrossing battles.  Espcially, when you face more of the tougher bosses.Overall, does it feel like an indie title? The answer is yes but the production value makes it feel almost like a AAA title.  These are the same guys that made heavenly sword and Journey to the west.  If you like those 2 games, you will want to support these guys and I think you will also enjoy this game."
,Recommended,414340,34126369,Posted: 9 August,all,Mmmm! Tasty,"Easily the most engaging game I've played in a long time. It's very linear, but that's because it has a fantastic story to tell and I never once felt robbed because of it. The game also looks fantastic and runs smoothly, and screenshots I took look like they came from a pre-rendered cinematic rather than in game."
,Recommended,414340,34131151,Posted: 9 August,all,tokymongrey,"The best way to promote psychosis. We feel for those who suffer from it.Gameplay/Story are best seen in any indie game, binaural audio that every game should have, & fight scenes that kept us on the edge of our seat.10/10."
,Recommended,414340,34134903,Posted: 9 August,all,[TDE] Solaris17,"This game is vastly different than anything you have ever played, I can say this because there is nothing else like it.Hellblade revolves around Senua a female protagonist suffering from Psychosis. The game focuses on the world through her perspective which gives it an eerie feel.The game relys on puzzles and story for progression with combat being necissary but toned down to help nail together ""Fighting her own demons"".The games world design focuses on audio heavily. You will be blown away I am almost certain even if you don't have a good sound setup. Headsets are an absolute must. The world is rendered in UE4 and looks great. to reflect the time and history of senua the world is filled with very nordic colors. deep blues and greys with story content usually appearing in very polarizing vivid reds and oranges.The game is not a shooter and the game is not an RPG. It would certainly be unfair to judge it as much. hellblade is the story of a person with a mental disorder trying to quest her way to her own truth. It can be slow and maybe even repatative. However the game is facinating.Can you even imagine having a mental disorder in the dark ages? This♥♥♥♥♥♥is nuts. for $30 buy it. This is a small time studio that is trying to compete with the big boys and they have done it."
76561198209144649,Recommended,414340,34134758,Posted: 9 August,all,Buddy,An amazing game and a must play for anyone that appreciates a well made story
76561198093084197,Recommended,414340,34125186,Posted: 9 August,all,Heisenburger,This game is a work of art. i never usually write reviews on steam but i feel obliged to after playing this game. This game is for people who love the story telling element in games.Highly recommend
,Recommended,414340,34112721,Posted: 8 August,all,Dabbzz,"ONE OF THE BEST!!im in love. the game started to creep me out the first 5 min in the game. i love the sounds, i love the way the game takes my breath away when u look around in the nature! and the design of characters and enemies! its a master piece for the price! I recommend everyone who likes singel player games with meele combat and stunning views! it reminded me alot of Tomb Raider on how the game plays with puzzels and in general how the game feels!"
76561198152962341,Recommended,414340,34138741,Posted: 9 August,all,Retarded Tent Mouse,"This is my first review for a game, which hopefully says a lot about the quality of a game. I feel like it's best to note that this game is not going to be for everyone. If you like story driven content like I do then you will love this game. It is important to go over certain major factors that make this the game that it is.Gameplay- This is the most important for many people. The combat is simple, as in you dodge, wait for the right moment, and strike. I've played through two boss fights and can tell you that they are pretty easy to deal with and they have predictable movements and attacks. Other than the combat we have puzzles, which seem to be simple so far for me, but some are quite annoying and by annoying I mean that you know the answer, but you have to position yourself a certain way to achieve that answer. Some puzzles I've been through are illusion types and ones where you have to fit the symbol correctly around the area. Overall, the puzzles are pretty fun to solve. I've noticed that people have called this game a walking simulator, but this is more of a puzzle game than a combat hack and slash, so expect yourself to walk in order to solve the puzzles. What I mean is that it's not as bad as you think it is in terms of walking around.Sound- Now, you do play a schizophrenic, which simply adds to the creepy environment of the game. The voices in your head talk to you throughout the game by insulting and helping you just like my friends. Those voices made my heart pound several times and forced me to turn down the volume at certain points because it creeped me out a little too much, but that is what I love about this game. The game doesn't want to scare you it just wants to immerse you, which is what makes it so scary to me, but then again I do scare easily even though I don't show it. Also, the little things like the thunder, wind, and ocean waves are just too real, so if you haven't figured it out by now WEAR HEAPHONES.Visuals- You are doing yourself a disservice by running this on a potato. This game has amazing visuals. The setting can be beautiful and bright at one moment then dark and gloomy in the next. Overall, visuals are amazing even when close up.Narrative- I'm not completely done with the game yet as my hours have shown, but so far I love the narrative and I just recently started to grasp the idea of what Senua is trying to do, but that may be because I'm a terrible listener even with headphones on which is ironic. Anyways, this is the strong point of the game as the story becomes more and more interesting when you progress, which makes you want to find out how it ends for our main character. You can also learn about Norse mythology through these grave stones that have symbols on them, but that's completely up to you. All I can really say is that the story is great so far and doesn't need cutscenes to explain everything as the voices in your head also tell part of the story, so listen to those voices.Acting- The acting is exceptional. Melina Juergens is one of the better actors I've seen. She conveys emotion that allows us to feel for her and you can almost feel her rage at some points. The voices she does in her head are done perfectrly, especially when I start to believe that these are actual seperate entities speaking within her. The other voice of her friend you hear is also great, but I believe she is the star that brings it all together.Hopefully this review has at least given some people an understanding of what this game is, if not then there are plenty of other reviews that explain everything better than I do."
76561198021238280,Recommended,414340,34138866,Posted: 9 August,all,Versary,instant purchase!no regret!And the combat animation is just...awesome!!! Even better than For Honor I think!
,Recommended,414340,34133048,Posted: 9 August,all,PLAYERUNKOOKED,Not bad. Please add arena mode and more enemies as DLC.
76561198044236452,Recommended,414340,34142281,Posted: 10 August,all,Larry The Lobster,"8.5/10This game is well worth the money. It is less a video game and more an interactive movie. If other developers followed this games formula of short yet high quality gameplay the gaming industry as a whole would benefit from it. Hellblade does few things wrong but story telling and immerstion is not two of them.Pros: high quality story telling, combat, lore, overall game feel and, story resolution.Cons: Game Camera and mouse speed. (make sure to have a beefy GPU because running it at ultra is the ONLY way to play Hellblade)"
76561198025720759,Recommended,414340,34142748,Posted: 10 August,all,Baphometh,amazing game
,Recommended,414340,34140867,Posted: 10 August,all,Maarku,"My PC faces towards a wall which means my back is facing towards my hallway. My kids have a habit of getting out of bed at night without me hearing them, coming up behind me and poking me in the arm to ask for some water. This game is not the game i want to be playing when they decide to poke my arm. Fun and creepy game. *shivers*"
76561198058218171,Recommended,414340,34142201,Posted: 10 August,all,WraithEris,"I will start with the bad (and I found very little to place in this category).  The combat feels like an afterthought; something added to increase tension and turn what would otherwise be a fantastic piece of interactive media into a game.  I did encounter a few glitches; a ladder that did not transition out of climbing at the correct time (leaving me hanging in mid-air until I climbed back down and tried again), a rune/story stone that would not play the appropriate voice-over until I restarted the game, and some minor fps loss (particularly towards the end of the game, but always above 30fps).Then there is the good:  The sound quality and  music easily hold their own with any AAA title.  The graphics are generally stunning, perhaps a little bleak at times, but stunning anyway.  The controls are typically tight and responsive enough for a story driven adventure game.  The story line is relatively unique to the gaming setting.Finally we come to the outstanding: The acting and voicework are near peerless in this medium.  I can only hope that other (larger?) developers take notice of this and someday put the same effort and care into their own production.   Hellblade also delivers an environment and atmosphere often limited to large budget Hollywood productions.  This relies heavily on the sound production, voicework and excellent graphic design.I spent most of the roughly seven hours on my first playthrough with a brooding sense of dread.  I cared what happened to the character and felt the pain and failure when something didn't work out well (whether though my error or story driven).I went into this game knowing very little about it.  I did not follow it's development and expected very little from it.  I ended up with one of the most unique and touching (sometimes disturbing) gaming experiences that I have ever had.  I would not recommend this game to anyone looking for an action or hack'n'slah fueled rampage.  I would very strongly recommend the game to anyone looking for an incredible story, some simple but intelligent puzzles or a new gaming experience that doesn't quite have any comparison.If you meet any of those criteria, then I would say that Hellblade is worth every penny."
,Recommended,414340,34142811,Posted: 10 August,all,parched_poet,"I almost never feel compelled to post reviews of video games, but after spending over eight hours in the bleak, disturbed, often hauntingly beautiful landscape of Senua's mind, I can say that Ninja Theory has something special on their hands. Hellblade is totally unlike any other game I've ever played. It has a little bit of fluid but fairly simple combat, a little environmental puzzle solving, a little walking sim through the pantheon of Norse mythology, but it's mostly an intense and emotionally taxing journey with a grieving Celtic warrior on a psychotic break. It's obvious to me that the minds at Ninja Theory had a compelling story they wanted to tell, and that spark of inspiration pervades every single aspect of the game -- from its well-balanced themes of loss and sacrifice, clever use of Nordic lore and gameplay mechanics to immerse the player in Senua's own reality, to a stunningly intimate performance of the main character herself.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a harrowing experience that I'm not sure I'll ever want to relive, but I'm grateful that games as gorgeous and strange as this can now boast visuals and production values rivaling even mainstream AAA releases. This is a title I'll be thinking about for a very long time."
76561198006575649,Recommended,414340,34124453,Posted: 9 August,all,Steve,Epic journey through a beautiful game! And a new favorite character in gaming!
76561197961635824,Recommended,414340,34142579,Posted: 10 August,all,CrazyLikeSwayze,"Brilliant writing, fanstastic acting, beautiful graphics, deeply immersive. Fun, challenging, but not overly difficult combat and puzzles. Amazing experience all around."
76561197985717781,Recommended,414340,34166172,Posted: 11 August,all,Inni,I've never written a review before but I felt I had to do so after finishing it. The ambience is impressive and the combat is perfect. The story is complex and compeling. And the character is... unique. Buy it!
,Recommended,414340,34177624,Posted: 11 August,all,Saref Torn,"I guess this game is one of atmospheric game in 2017. Game can propose you a challenge, like in fight and riddle style."
76561198112300084,Recommended,414340,34177518,Posted: 11 August,all,TheChukaMonk,I think that Hellblade from a techincal standpont is outstanding. you must play this game with headphones because sound is everything. puzzles are beautiful and combat was surprisingly enjoyable with giving the player a blood pumping experience. this is coming from a guy that paid close attention to its development that nija theory posted on their youtube channel and the amount of effeft that that was put into this game by a small team is breathtaking. if you want to play a game that you've nenver played before you owe it to yourself to play Hellbalde.
76561198151562708,Recommended,414340,34176462,Posted: 11 August,all,Iroh,"This is a solid game with a great story. Had me hooked for seven and a half hours straight. Beautiful atmosphere, sound, and setting. There are some flaws, such as some slight repetitiveness. However, so long as you are willing to take your time with the game, I think you'll find a rather enjoyable experience. I played through on the hardest difficulty the first time, and found it to be challenging, yet accomplishable. If I failed a certain fight once or twice, I was able to learn enough from the failure to beat it the next time. The combat itself could be more fleshed out. I found myself performing the same moves more than I found enjoyable. But, the game compensates for this by doing a spectacular job of immersing the player into the world, into the battle. Seriously though, whoever was in charge of cinematography deserves some serious props.If nothing else, Hellblade is original. Something new.If you're doing enough research on the game that you stumble upon my review, then just buy the damn thing."
76561198006331753,Recommended,414340,34175441,Posted: 11 August,all,Rhingeim,"One of the best psychological games I've ever played. Idea with binaural sound is great, I still hear voices even after closing the game. Graphic is good, story is great.Probably you should stay away from this game if you're loocking for some ""Souls"" experience or 3rd person action game. It's more like a book or movie with thoughtful story and deep and viscous atmosphere.50 Voices in my head from 10 for this game. Looking for Collectors Edition and separated Soundtrack for my collection."
76561197990477070,Recommended,414340,34135019,Posted: 9 August,all,[BRGL]Brock Chancy,Has to be the best Sleeper Game of the year. I was entralled the whole way story wise and the combat was so smooth I would replay just for that.
,Recommended,414340,34172268,Posted: 11 August,all,DeathStroke,"The game does a phenomenal job illustrating mental illness, and does an even better job making a compelling story to hack and slash through. 5 out of 5."
,Recommended,414340,34174714,Posted: 11 August,all,theblackz8917,great game !!
,Recommended,414340,34174408,Posted: 11 August,all,JoseNachos,Without a doubt one of the best games I've played. Kept me engaged from beginning to the end.I need more!
76561198021765205,Recommended,414340,34170633,Posted: 11 August,all,xxFOXxx23,"Totally CatharticAs someone dealing with schizophrenia (yeah, I know, I shouldn't have played it, shush), I can't believe how well you got the details of dealing with it. I gotta say, if I was worse in my condition that I am now, I couldn't have played it. But now that I am better this experience is completely CATHARTIC.To ♥♥♥♥ing kill the ""darkness"" that is withing you. That phrase that goes something like ""even if the darkness has seize you, you seized the darkness back"" and the whole experience is so ♥♥♥♥ing CATHARTIC.Devs, you did a freaking amazing work with this game and even tho I haven ended it yet, I can tell you got very freaking well how is to deal with schizophrenia and how bad can it get and how good can it get too.I wanna thank Ninja Theory for making this game. The whole dev team have striken my soul with this portray. And a lot of people who didn't know what schizophrenia was now have a better undertanding to what it is.I woul like to talk to the dev team directly but I don't know if that's possible. Anyway, THANK YOU SO MUCH.tl;dr: I freaking love this game, as it strikes me so close because I have schizophrenia. And I know there's people who now understand a little bit how is to deal with it too. To me is a 100/10"
,Recommended,414340,34146119,Posted: 10 August,all,Kodaigan,"This is a real gem. A game for 30 Bucks, which in turn gives you quality gaming.It's mostly pretty much a movie, but highly interactive.The gameplay always stays fresh, you never go annoyed into new lands. Always fresh mechanics.The Story is a litteral brainrape, it...forces one to think for a bit.The only little thing is that at ""Normal"" Difficulty one can finish the game in 6~7 hours. But the quality is just too good. And for 30 Bucks!Really. Try it out. It's worth it. Not even horror. (There are scenes where some can get a bit scared) But there are no jumpscares. Just feares of...you'll get there. :) )"
76561197985013476,Recommended,414340,34122938,Posted: 9 August,all,Private,Fantastic game! Well worth both your time and money. Play it and be amazed.
,Recommended,414340,34145033,Posted: 10 August,all,Scrooge McDuck,"Amazing game.The Sea of Corpses sequence is one of my favorite moments in a game ever.Topped only by the ending.Edit: Forgot to share some info on performance issues which didn't ruin the game for me, but might for others.Might be a bit spoilery so watch out.When you start your ascent to Hela on the shore I got MAJOR fps dropage. Went from 74fps to 19-28fps the rest of the game unless loaded into other zones (Shard collecting zones/Hela final battle).Didn't stop me from wanting to finish the game, but still I shouldn't be having performance issues like that.My specs:CPU: Intel Xeon 1246v3RAM: 16GBGPU: AMD Radeon R9 390HDD: Patriot Hellfire 250GB M.2 NVMe SSDOS: Windows 8.1 64bitDriver Version: 17.7.1"
76561198017163339,Recommended,414340,34171142,Posted: 11 August,all,IMMAFIRINMALAYsia,Worth the play to the end If you are into the story
,Recommended,414340,34115969,Posted: 8 August,all,Stagnatio,"This game is well worth the price. It combines adventuring and puzzle-solving elements of modern Tomb Raider games, with combat that is reminicent of the Dark Souls series. It also accomplishes this without any kind of information stuck to your screen (no health bar, button prompts, etc), which greatly enhances the immersion.I had my difficulty set to Auto, so I can't quite say how difficult the game would be for someone else, but it was certainly challenging for me. The game has a feature where if you die enough, you game just ends, making the situation feel dire towards the end,and always pushing you to do better. You can sprint, light attack, heavy attack, kick, dodge, and few more cool tricks later. These attacks will also combo together for things like stabs and shoulder charges, but without any kind of combo guide, it can be tricky to do the same thing again. I had been worried from the gameplay previews that it might be too ""slashy"" like Devil May Cry or Bayonetta (which I'm not fond of), but I was happy to see that enemies didn't require too much overkill to take care of, and that they even get scarred up as you slice them.The world and atmosphere are beautifully crafted, and the features can change completely in seconds, due to her Senua's Psychosis. One moment you might be in a serene field, the next surrounded by hanging bodies, amidst a wildfire, or even in complete darkness. There is always a unique theme to the environment as well, so each place feels fresh and new. Senua's face, expressions, and acting are also incredibly complex and convincing. She displays a wide range of emotions throughout the game, and even had me starting to tear up in a couple scenes. There are also little tidbits of Norse mythology that you can find and listen to as you traverse the world. While I didn't find all of them, they were quite interesting to listen to, as well as nicely slowing the pace of the intense adventure.The story itself is incredible. It's Senua's quest to the underworld, in order to save the soul of her lost boyfriend. I spent a good chunk of the game trying to figure out what she might be seeing without the psychosis, but by the end, you don't really care. And I think that's part of what the developers were trying to convey about psychosis: it's real for them, and that's what matters. The voices in her head even develop as characters, since you interact with them so much. Senua herself also has quite a few flashback moments, revealing a very deep backstory. These flashbacks show not only the events that led to where she is, but also her early life, and how her life was growing up in Celtec society with her mental illness. The detail is astonishing.I feel like the representation of mental illness needs a mention on its own too. One might remember as a kid, running away from monsters, never being able to run fast enough. That sense of urgency is replicated perfectly in some of the chase scenes. Most also have spent some time fumbling around in complete darkness, trying to find a lightswitch. That's here too. These are maybe among the more relatable features seen, and while I can't comment on them from personal experience, the more advanced mental states are quite fascinating. These include seeing faces or objects hidden in the world, or the aforementioned parts where the entire scenery changes in an instant. Senua herself is constantly reacting to these things as well, be it a little comment to the voices, a shriek at a hanging body, or losing herself when the world explodes before her.I did encounter a few bugs, but nothing gamebreaking. A couple were short lines of desynced audio, not too bad. The worst bug was when my sword didn't render for the final fight, so I had to reload the checkpoint. I wasn't too frustrated about it though.I absolutely recommend this. Game of the Year material, for half the price. Well done, Ninja Theory."
76561198064679582,Recommended,414340,34135590,Posted: 9 August,all,TrAsH MaN,"At this time of writing, I have finished Hellblade on hard. I loved it. But there are a few things you have to understand;1. The game is first and foremost about story and Senua as a character. Don't expect any riveting gameplay aside from a great but simple and hard-hitting combat system, some exploration, and some simple puzzles about perception, which while easy, will make you say ""ooooh clever"" on many occasions.2. The game was made to represent Psychosis, a mental illness. WEAR. HEADPHONES. You won't get the full incredible experience of the voices in your head and the chilling sound unless you do.3. This game is really ♥♥♥♥ing scary at times. Like I've played through Dead Space and Silent Hill games plenty of times, and this was still way up there in terms of horror. The visuals and atmosphere, and ESPECIALLY the sound will give you violent chills.So would I recommend this to everyone? No. But I would definetly recommend it to anyone who finds my previous points interesting. Norse mythology is very well told in side bits of audio you find from runes around the game, and if you love that mythos like I do you'll find lots to love. The story in this game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible, so I don't want to spoil anything. The camera in this game is very close and claustrophobic, but it's like that on purpose, and gives things like combat a very overwhelming feel, even when faced with only two enemies. There is no HUD in this game, so you take visual cues to tell if you're going to die, or even listen to the voices in your head warning you of incoming attacks from behind and berating you for being so♥♥♥♥♥♥at combat. There will be times when the voices shout and argue over things you want to hear, but that's also on purpose, to show how annoying and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ having voices in your head can be. The game gets better the further you get into it, so if you're kind of interested in the beginning, you'll be hooked during the final acts. This game is well worth a play, and I think Ninja Theory have really made something special here. I'm all welcoming of this new AAA indie game sort of setup. There's a ton of creative freedom to be had."
76561198383109680,Recommended,414340,34161125,Posted: 10 August,all,blazeaglory,"Just played until I got the first black hand. Let me tell you at first I was kind of bored until I learned the controls and the game started to progress. The graphics become AMAZING and I quite like the fighting controls. You learn QUICK! Also, I can relate to Senua, Im sure some of us have to deal with demons?I am in the process of switching out cases and upgrading equipment but so far I am playing this HIGH QUALITY using:i5 4690k (no OC)Z97-A ASUS mobo8GB Kingston Beast (2400mhz but running @1600)ASUS Nvidia 750ti7200RPM WD 1tbI stopped playing because I want this to be the first game I play in my new case. I also want to pick up some headphones and finish the switchover/upgrade of some components.Also, I am a Western Euro/Scandanavian/Irish American and I know this is a game and my ancestry is a little exagerated but still, it is probably somewhat close and I love the imagery and era that this game is set in. Senua is a celtic warrior, or wife of one, and seems she is trying to bring a loved one back to life killed at the hands of a Norseman aka ""VIKING"". The scenery and graphics get better as the game progesses. So far I love this game. Give it some time and you might enjoy it too.If I come across any bugs or crappy content Ill be sure to update this review but for now, 9/10Forgot to add...The fighting controls are ok once you learn them. Blocking is bad♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,414340,34160140,Posted: 10 August,all,Outshined,"This is THE sleeeper hit of 2017. Didn't see any marketing or hype surrounding this title but with an indie studio that's to be expected at times. Incredibly well done. The 3rd person cinematic presentatoin is superb and wholly immersive. Fantastic balance of haunting yet gorgeous atmosphere mixed between epic battles. Weapons land with high ferocity and energy; every swing just feels heavy and each contact shakes you to the core. I've been a gamer for 30 years and it's been a long time since a title like this has left this heavy of an impression. No matter what sort of gamer you are this must be experienced, there's so many things to apprciate here. Ninja Theory, incredible release! I may just get this on both platforms!"
76561198025168299,Recommended,414340,34194669,Posted: 12 August,all,Playground Prowler,It's like pop rocks in your Bhole. Game is tight as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,414340,34197588,Posted: 12 August,all,Machin,"This game is a must. The story, the representation of psicosis, well... there are a lot of reviews already, I can only tell that you have to play ""this experience"" to truly understand what eveyone else is writing about."
76561198071856823,Recommended,414340,34165474,Posted: 11 August,all,NobleNorth_UlfR,"GOTY 2017 with no doubt. Half-priced indie-AAA title which ain't only compete with full-priced AAA games, but ♥♥♥♥s everything around, making them look incomplete and cheap. We can say CD Project RED did this first but Hellblade is truly a sensation and biggest triumph of gaming industry. This is the only game which i've played and felt a greatest honesty inside it, you literally may feel a connect between yourself and developers while traveling with this sick but beautiful unhappy person thru the darkest moments of her life. This game also are great viking-game, if you ever wanted to learn about scandinavian mythology - this is where your learnings should begin. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is not even a game - this is the manifest of our community. Please, appreciate that, even if you don't like the story or combat or whatever. This is the truest art and maybe someday your favorite game will release too due to this masterpiece. Thanks to Ninja Theory mine is already exist..."
76561198006970505,Recommended,414340,34199330,Posted: 12 August,all,Juerg,"A short unique but annoying interactive experience. While the story and the presentation are captivating the “game” is boring. You walk from cut scene to cut scene and from time to time you may solve a puzzle or fight some enemies.I recommend this ""thing"" not as a game but as an unique interactive montage which you should have experienced at least once."
,Recommended,414340,34202013,Posted: 12 August,all,poly2k,"I played, I cried, I played, i cried more, i played more, and it's **** tragic.Make no mistake, this is truly a masterpiece ! I have over 600 games in my library and i know of no other game that touched me like this one.11/10 , would cryplay again."
,Recommended,414340,34185880,Posted: 12 August,all,Chieftan,buy this game its amazing and the main character is insane .... lots of fun and played it start to finish
,Recommended,414340,34178518,Posted: 11 August,all,[AUT] C3rub1n,"Didn't play such a good game in a long time! 30€ for this game, underrated. in my oppinion worth more than 60€. The combatsystem is amazing, the story is epic and i dont think anyone could argue about the graphics, since they are awsome as 'HEL' !"
,Recommended,414340,34184156,Posted: 11 August,all,Neo Anuki,Well this is the best game I played this year. The story is awesome and wierd. Combat is cool and fluid! There is no ui and no tutorial just like old games when ganes where good. In short just buy this game!
76561198119569347,Recommended,414340,34194080,Posted: 12 August,all,DerFrosch57,"Just finished the game and I definitely recommend it!The story is great and the atmosphere is really brilliant!Although the combat system is really simple and with no real challenge, I found it enjoyable.If you wear the headphones (as strongly advised!), the voices and the music are really doing a great job to make you feel madness and a bit of fear.Although I recommend the game, note that it is quite short, and not really challenging. If you're not a big fan of that, just wait for a discount and enjoy!"
,Recommended,414340,34391469,Posted: 21 August,all,Greven,+ Story+ Beautiful character animations+ Easy achievements+ Interesting Viking-tales- Heroine runs slowly- Videos not skippable- Voices can get really annoying at times- Camera too close to character
76561198350604004,Recommended,414340,34474446,Posted: 24 August,all,arixx74,"Its a good game but it feels like devs didn't care much about PC gamers, its nearly unplayable with a mouse. Its more like an experience not a game I like it."
,Recommended,414340,34129451,Posted: 9 August,all,Vlightray,Awesome Story Graphically stunning Ninja Theory a very talented studio well worth 8+Hours gameplay.
,Recommended,414340,34170282,Posted: 11 August,all,Guava527,"I really like this game because it explores a subject that people normally find too personal to discuss. I believe our world is a world where everyone has ways to get along with each other on the surface but with the possibility of very different perceptions of reality in the mind.  Some people's minds are so different that they are labeled as delusional or just as someone with a mental illness, but perhaps they are fighting a very personal battle that only they (or not many) can understand.As someone with very personal, and I dare say very different, beliefs, I found it easy to relate to Senua and felt in some ways understood, albeit in a slightly creepy way. I boldly admit I also hear voices and experience hallucinations that only make sense to me, so I never speak of them and no one knows I am any different than they are.  Then again, perhaps others like me are common enough, with inner realities unimaginable by typical minds, and are able to conduct themselves in a way that makes people think they are normal. I believe It's not possible to know for sure what goes on in other people's minds, nor is it possible to know for sure whether they are right or wrong.The graphics, animations, sounds, and voice acting are top notch in this game. I think it's worth playing just to admire the artistry.The gameplay is good but there is nothing new about battle mechanics in this game. It's still done well enough for me to enjoy the action. All the tried-and-true are there:- A well-timed block becomes a parry and with a potential retaliation.- Dodging.- A ""focus"" ability that appears to slow time for everything but your movements.- Light and strong attacks that form combos that suit different situations and enemies.All this is done with superb animation and art style.However, I wish there weren't as many recycled enemies. So much effort was put into the rest of the game that I feel it strange for enemy variety to be so lacking. The effort just doesn't feel balanced.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone looking for an immersive experience. I would say it's a little easier than similar action titles like Dark Souls, so those hunting for a challenge might not find it here. On the flip side, it's a pretty smooth ride without any hurdles that are too frustrating.  In my opinion, the immersiveness of the game still makes it well worth the buy."
,Recommended,414340,34195077,Posted: 12 August,all,NodeWDF,"Thoroughly enjoying my purchase.Bought a second copy for my friend.AAA developers, take note."
,Recommended,414340,34177085,Posted: 11 August,all,Vinay,"Atmospheric, terrifying, great graphics, don't play without headphones. Recommended!"
76561198154200277,Recommended,414340,34167880,Posted: 11 August,all,Sniper King,very good game very scary at some points fighting style is really cool and different definitely worth the play
,Recommended,414340,34177411,Posted: 11 August,all,Addie,An absolute masterpeice.
,Recommended,414340,34194330,Posted: 12 August,all,PCPete,"Great game. Good graphics, good sound, good combat, good gameplay and awesome story."
,Recommended,414340,34138256,Posted: 9 August,all,Pointy-Bitz,"I don't even know how to rate this game, because this was a gaming experience I can't even compare it to. I was scared, saddened, confused, and even a bit disturbed from playing it with headphones on. The story is similar to Dante's Inferno to where the main character goes on a voyage to hell to save the soul of her lover. However the execution and storytelling of this game is in a league of it's own where it made me feel so immersed in the game that time just flew by. The gameplay includes puzzles that some are annoying while others are clever and well executed and designed. The combat may be simple enough compared to other games like DMC, but they designed it to be more personal and claustrophobic which ehances the bleak and scary experience. Also have to say the game is very well optimized for PC including 21:9 support and using resources very well to where I never saw my VRAM go above 3.5 on everything on max with a good FPS. I recommend this game to anyone who likes horror games or story driven games. This was a game on its own genre of weird, spooky, and disturbing mental illness interpretation. I can tell Ninja Theory cared about what they were making and hade passion doing this and it shows, which transfers to the player making them all the more invested."
76561198060691253,Recommended,414340,34511758,Posted: 26 August,all,Judge of the Damned,Great game with a great story.
76561197998282606,Recommended,414340,34128298,Posted: 9 August,all,haemorrhoid,"This game will stay with me for a long time, as it is one of the most immersive, atmospheric, and often distressing games I've played. The mechanics themselves don't evolve much over the course of the 7-8 hour campaign, but the way everything, from locales to enemy encounters to intensity of set-pieces just escalates makes it a cathartic experience, and big high-five to the devs for keeping the price reasonable.Oh, and the sound design is literally the best I've ever encounterd, HEADPHONES ARE A MUST!"
76561198264200758,Recommended,414340,34167780,Posted: 11 August,all,Rytokles,Really awesome game. Graphics are great and gameplay is fun.
,Recommended,414340,34195953,Posted: 12 August,all,Coaster Mind,This game is my goty for now. Just buy it and play it!
,Recommended,414340,34128359,Posted: 9 August,all,Three,"It's been a long time since I've played a game like this.  Dripping with atmosphere and story.  Drink it in, it's awesome!"
76561198281259753,Recommended,414340,34138179,Posted: 9 August,all,anujkumarmunda1,amazing game...🙌🎮
76561198060425216,Recommended,414340,34169862,Posted: 11 August,all,Orakan,One of the most artistic and beautifully desinged games i ever saw and play
76561198050784586,Recommended,414340,34177113,Posted: 11 August,all,Morvius,"Just finished the game and i got to say it's the best game i have played lately  .It just gets better and better , combat is easy enough , late game it becomes tricky as there are more oponents coming at you .10/10 game ."
76561198021003629,Recommended,414340,34195749,Posted: 12 August,all,Blue is the Warmest Color,"""If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you""This could have been the synopsys of this masterpiece.True, game is short, combat is unimpressive but what a story!For 30€, you'll get around 7-8h of a great game.And yes, it might make you cry."
,Recommended,414340,34195920,Posted: 12 August,all,TheFaintSmil3,"Absolutely loved this game. The Senua is a dynamic character, the atmoshpere it entrancing, and though the story can get a little bit confusing this has definitely got to be one of my favorite games released this year."
,Recommended,414340,34158373,Posted: 10 August,all,Dr. Peppermint,"An intense and gripping delve into the mind of madness, Hellblade is a unique and interesting take on the typical third person action RPG.The voices that are your only companion throughout the game allow you a glimpse into what it might be like to have the kind of psychosis that Senua does, and the binaural audio makes it seem as if they are actually coming from inside your head.The combat is relatively simple, but is satisfying, challenging, and fun.I've never played a game quite like Hellblade before, and it was an incredible ride I would recommend to anyone tired of the same old ""action dude saves the day"" and is looking for a more gritty and grim experience."
,Recommended,414340,34158289,Posted: 10 August,all,kazone,"A fairly short game that is mostly story driven. Nevertheless, it was probably the most cerebral experiences I've ever had playing a game and therefore I highly recommend it. The gameplay is mostly simple puzzles and hack n' slash action akin to LOTR: SoM, which even on its highest difficulty did not prove too difficult. Anyway, I loved the experience and hope this company expands on this platform in the future."
,Recommended,414340,34157575,Posted: 10 August,all,Mayolinko,"This game is sooooooo good.Running on a I7 4770K with a 970 graphics cards, I had a solid 50-60 FPS while streaming 60 FPS. So I can imagine playing this game without streaming being a solid 60 on the highest setting.The story/audio/puzzles were all very unexpecting and very fluent.The fighting in this game was just plain fun (played it all the way through with mouse and keyboard).Took me about a good 7 hours to complete.10/10- I hope Ninja Theory keeps making more of these at this quality!"
76561198067239670,Recommended,414340,34144929,Posted: 10 August,all,Tressoli,"It's not easy to talk about Hellblade, but the first thing I'd say is that it's not a game for everyone. If you expect a new and perfected Heavenly Sword or DmC (which are games from the same developer studio) you should probably look somewhere else.STORYHellblade it's not a love story, and it's not an epic adventure. It's a tale about death and loss, pain and suffer, sorrow and woe. It's a dark and harrowing journey through the mental illness of the main character.Senua, in fact, is a celtic warrior that suffers from an extreme case of psychosis, which prevents her from distinguish reality from the images created by her own mind. After her beloved is killed and her village destroyed, she founds herself lost in this hellish, rotten, nordic world with the only hope of retrieving the soul of her loved one.I don't want to spoil more details about the main plot.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is probably the weak spot of this game. The combat system (which represent about 20% of the entire game) is unpolished, with the result of easy and unsatisfying fights. There are also a lot of puzzels and riddles which are, unfortunately, very repetitive, and revolve around finding a particular shape in the enviroment in order to open a door. The rest of the game is pure exploration.Despite all these lacks in terms of playability, I didn't found this game boring or frustrating, simply because I already knew what to expect. As I mentioned before, Hellblade is not Heavenly Sword, it's not a hack-and-slash and it wasn't meant to be based on gameplay and mechanics.CONCEPT AND TECHArtistically Hellblade is simply astonishing. The game masterfully blend nordic myths and viking culture; every detail is perfect, every enemy, every place, every light and every shadow has been shaped with care and attention. The graphic (the game is developed with Unreal Engine 4) is almost unbelievable, with cutscenes that leave you in tears and enviroments that feel real, vibrant and clean.In order to fully enjoy the experience, I recommend to play with headphones.COMMENTHellblade is not a funny game. You don't feel satisfied while you're playing or pleased after you've finished it. For the majority of this 7-hours experience you'll feel stressed, oppressed, in a constant state of fear and paranoia. But this is the exact reason why you should play this game. Psychosis is a real mental disorder, it is concrete and there are people that suffered or are suffering from it right now. Hellblade, with narrative and gameplay choices, makes you feel precisely what Senua (I ensure you won't easily forget Melina Juergens interpretation) is experiencing: the detatchment from reality, the primal fear of the unknown and the unbearable obsession for something unreal and unreachable.Despite I never suffered from psychosis or depression, I felt close and bound to the people with this kind of problem, because Senua's twisted world seemed so intensely real in my mind and in my eyes.In many years of videogaming, I've never lived something like this.As a last detail, I want to specify that this game is developed by a team of 20 people.Cheers."
,Recommended,414340,34112994,Posted: 8 August,all,Corvinus,"Good story, wonderful graphics and powerful sounds also soundtracks... I like it and this is my first opinion :D"
,Recommended,414340,34154718,Posted: 10 August,all,MetalTorsion,"Honestly, I don't have words that could do it justice. I've yet to see any negative point actually be valid for the PC."
76561198040254824,Recommended,414340,34218756,Posted: 13 August,all,rhobherto,"Really, really loved the game (beautiful even with my poky g-card, plodding along at 15-20 fps). Deep thanks to everybody at Ninja Theory!"
76561198054675148,Recommended,414340,34221114,Posted: 13 August,all,Neuropsychogenic,"My first ever review on steam, because this game deserves it!:Absolutely phenomenal! This game draws you in and is extremely engaging.  A wonderful story and powerful depiction of psychosis.I recommend playing in the dark, by yourself, at night!"
,Recommended,414340,34220821,Posted: 13 August,all,Infernyll,"I'll keep this short and sweet: this game is FANTASTIC! I don't remember the last time I played an 8h+ game in one sitting (and believe me, it was way into the night, i fought sleep just to keep going). I might have found another one of my favorite games of all time. Absolutely recommended!"
,Recommended,414340,34220969,Posted: 13 August,all,Wusel,That moment when you think the game is stressful and then suddenly you're 5h in
76561198046554066,Recommended,414340,34221523,Posted: 13 August,all,Odog25,10/10 Would get Mind ♥♥♥♥ed again.....
,Recommended,414340,34466349,Posted: 24 August,all,Skywalker OG,♥♥♥♥in beautiful
76561198168095138,Recommended,414340,34465767,Posted: 24 August,all,gdraxton5414,This is one of the most amazing games I have ever played. It truly takes you out of this world and into a terrifing relm of doom. Play with headphones on.
76561198024155587,Recommended,414340,34468880,Posted: 24 August,all,Potato-Dono and Molasses,"Something else, loved the game, the way it told it's story, everything! Though it may not be everyone's type of game. Enjoyed the simple but fun combat and the puzzles fit nicely."
76561198099239845,Recommended,414340,34464763,Posted: 24 August,all,Molda22,"86/100 - Awesome experience! Very unique game that made me feel things i never felt before in any other game. It deals with sensitive and heavy subject of mental illness which is not something many games care about and they built entire game around it. The atmosphere is great from the start to the end and this game managed to get few tears out of me. Perfect performance capture that made Senua very real and believable (great job Melina). Gameplay is ok, quite linear but some interesting puzzle mechanics and even though the combat may feel basic, i really loved it. It felt good and fluid and in fact more variable than it seems at first glance. Overall one of the best games i played this year! BTw don't forget to play this game with headset, it is important!+ Great atmosphere+ great soundtrack+ unique story+ fun combat+ ideal length for this kind of game+ interesting puzzles- camera is not very good. In facts its frustrating sometimes"
76561198390298819,Recommended,414340,34140734,Posted: 10 August,all,androidDude0923,This game is AMAZING. 10/10
,Recommended,414340,34141125,Posted: 10 August,all,Frostivied,"One of the best gaming experience I had this year,the story is unique, the graphic is stunning, Melina Juergens performance is superb, the combat feels just right (it's not very challenging but feel just right since this game is not about the combat) and the puzzle is so unique even though there are some frustrating moments. The experience playing this game is just unreal I wholeheartedly recommend to anyone who want a very unusual gaming experience. Even though the game can be finished 8 to 10 hours depending on how you play it, every second of it is just feels incredible! I hope the developer will continue this franchise and maybe, just maybe we will see this kind of game on a larger scale."
,Recommended,414340,34180286,Posted: 11 August,all,Theta Sigma,"If you're interested in the norse mythology and poetic edda then this game is perfect for you.Atmosphere is superb and work they've put into the sounds is exemplary.There are surely some minor glitches but they don't effect the gameplay experience.Performance wise,I'm curently getting about 70 fps in 2k resolution with single evga geforce gtx 1080 ftw and intel i7 6700k."
,Recommended,414340,34209452,Posted: 13 August,all,Lunatica,"One of the best games I've played latelyThis game definitely won't please everyone, I really liked it but I see how it could turn off some people. It's fairly slow paced, there's no action until 15-20 minutes into the game and there's a lot of walking, don't pick up the game if you're looking for some constant action. The narration might also annoy some people, I personally think it's fine but not everyone wants to hear people whispering in their ears during the entire duration of the game.Now we'll move onto the pros, the game looks gorgeous, the narration is also pretty great and the actual game is pretty fun. The first few fights were a little lame but they become more challenging later on when you fight a bunch of enemies at once. I didn't enjoy the puzzles as much as I did for the combat but I guess it was somewhat entertaining.In the end I would recommend this game but it's a bit short, if you don't mind paying 30$ for 8-10 hours of gameplay you should definitely give it a try."
,Recommended,414340,34169344,Posted: 11 August,all,Chronoflare Andedare,"""She can't open the door, she can't do it, she's lost."" *Maniacal laughter*""She did, I knew she could it, she did it before.""-Feels like boss cause proved the voices wrong-9/10 will prove them wrong again. 1/10 will prove me wrong"
76561198062704880,Recommended,414340,34392704,Posted: 21 August,all,Morpheus,"This game brings new directions in gaming!I don't want to spoiler too much, but I now truly understand what having a psychosis means."
76561198093648952,Recommended,414340,34199745,Posted: 12 August,all,Halamar,This game had the best story and experience so far in 2017.+Story was amazing (I cried at the end end)+Main heroine is awesome and she just gets under ur skin so fast+Combat was nice but not annoying at all+Story brings some real life scenarios which happen to some of us in real life which was just so sad :(-I almost gave up with this game in first hour because gameplay seemed boring-First levels are kinda boring if u let them be :/
76561198025426352,Recommended,414340,34426656,Posted: 22 August,all,poisonoussandtrap,Best movie... uh I mean game I've played in a long time!!!! I definetly recommend the game if you like a good show with an amazing combat system. A must have.
,Recommended,414340,34426798,Posted: 22 August,all,Taunoc,"Just finished the game. 8.8 hrs to complete, left the difficulty at default.+ Great story+ Beautiful Game- Combat wasn't very well flushed out. Not bad with 2-3 enemies to fight, anymore than that and it's really clunky.- Boss fights were incredibly simpleOverall, I enjoyed the game and level design; But you can tell this was made on a budget.  Could have done with more content and better combat mechanics."
,Recommended,414340,34406219,Posted: 21 August,all,PamkinMan,"10/10 would play it again and now it's my GOTY for sure,  30€ well spent.The Ninja Theory made a buetiful and powerful game with in game human actor projection which ties in perfectly with the main character whose body movement and facial expressions where fully tracked with motion capture and when you're playing the game it feels like a movie and you can feel every emotion that is being expressed, and thx to the collaboration with the doctors and researchers who work at mental disorders field, the game maker managed to perfectly show what a person with that kind of disorder might see, hear and feel.The combat isn't hard and the adaptive difilcuty is well made, the enemies are fun to fight against but they can get a bit of repetitive if not the adaptive difilcuty and the bosses are well designed:You have a heavy attack (right click)Light fast attack (left click)Block (left Ctrl)Defense brake (F key)And focus (E key) for slowing down time and bringing enemies from ""you can't touch me"" state.The controls aren't hard to figure out but it would have been nice if they atleast introduced you with them at the start of the game but they haven't done so to keep the movie feel like esthetic and I'm happy about there decision.Would I recommend to play it yes but if you don't want to spend that 30€/$, well then just go watch a play trough but I would suggest everyone who chooses to do that to watch it from start till finish in one sitting and don't forget to put on headphones or put in earbuds because of the surround sound"
,Recommended,414340,34353021,Posted: 19 August,all,Elegant elephant,GOTY
,Recommended,414340,34123028,Posted: 9 August,all,Kingu,"after 3 hours i have to say that this game is a masterpiece!First of all Storytelling:There are plenty of voices in Senuas head. Some of them are telling the story, some are giving tipsand some other are trying to drive you insane.Secondly Gameplay:Wonderful and easy to learn Fighting Mechanics (but you have to learn it yourself). There are lots of Puzzles to keep you busy. Leveldesign is linear but the world is beautiful.Now then what else could i say about this game....nah i keep it simple:Buy it if you like dark settings and good gameplay and of course stunning graphics."
76561198079794989,Recommended,414340,34338034,Posted: 18 August,all,Pandamonium,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, a game worthy of my first review. It's an emotional rollercoaster as you start to feel deeply sorry for Senua and what she is going through. As you play through the game you discover there is more to what you are seeing. I recommend when you play through this game to sit back and actually listen and take it what is said as there are hidden meanings to everything. The ending is well done and will catch you off guard if you aren't careful. Gives a great perspective on the problems people with psychosis go through. If you haven't gotten this game yet, do so because it is worth every penny."
,Recommended,414340,34161060,Posted: 10 August,all,Landon Rivers,"I'd give it about 3.5/5. Takes about 7 hours to beat. I recommend buy it on sale, or watch a let's play.What I appreciate most, and what originally drew me into the game was the new facial capture technology they used. Those are the most realistic looking expressions I've ever seen in a game and it speaks volumes for what is to come in the future of standard 3d art for games. The scenery and amount of work that went into the backgrounds was by far the best part.There's puzzles that really confused me at first, and I didn't realize they were holding my hand so much, so I thought the puzzles were amazing, but after I caught on about half-way through, the puzzles turned easy, and things like the rune locations all stood out.I don't consider this a scary game, there was way more they could have done to scare the hell out of me. I played in the dark with surround sound, and it did nothing.The combat was simple but still fun enough. Hack and slash, dodge makes you invincible, don't get hit too much, that's about it.My only reservations were that the story ended up being a little too cheesy. I swear we should have a counter for how many times they say 'darkness' in this game. I didn't like the ending, and also that credits song was godawful."
,Recommended,414340,34350178,Posted: 19 August,all,Polygon Wizard,"In a world where so many games pad out the content with tons of meaningless fluff, Hellblade is a refreshingly tight 6-8 hour experience. The game does an excellent job of putting you in the main character's shoes and telling a story that is compelling, harrowing, and dark. This isn't a happy-go-lucky tale of redemption or revenge. The subtitle Senua's Sacrifice is there for a reason.While the storytelling, presentation, and character portrayal in Hellbalde are all excellent, your mileage may vary when it comes to the combat gameplay. The combat is slightly more involved than it seems early in the game, but it is not the focus of the game, unlike previous Ninja Theory games. I enjoyed the combat for what it was, but some fights late in the game got a little tedious when you start fighting more than a couple enemies at once. The camera is very close to your character, giving a claustrphobic feel to 1v1 and 1v2 combat encounters. However, the system just wasn't built for fighting many enemies at once, so when the game makes you do that, it can get a bit frustrating.There is also a lot of puzzle solving in Hellblade, most of which I found to be very enjoyable. The puzzle designs in different ares of the game vary enough to keep them interesting, even though most of them revolve around finding the proper perspective to change what you are seeing.If you tend to enjoy story-heavy games and Hellblade looks interesting to you, go ahead and give it a shot. Ninja Theory tried something very ambitious with a small team, and for the most part succeeded. The game isn't perfect by any means, but it is well worth playing.8.5/10"
76561197969540560,Recommended,414340,34349070,Posted: 19 August,all,Hicks,"I cried at the end.  I don't know why, so many mixed emotions.  This is a work of art and it touched me deeplyThis was a beautiful, captivating story and I feel compelled to share this with other gamers and non gamers a like."
,Recommended,414340,34362414,Posted: 19 August,all,FunkyFerretJr,woah
76561198000377377,Recommended,414340,34362450,Posted: 19 August,all,Mr.Fishstick,An absolutely incredible experience.Play. This. Game.
,Recommended,414340,34367972,Posted: 20 August,all,Gornakosh,"This game is a great experience as you walk with Senua, it's one of those games, that leaves you a bit empty inside once you finish it."
76561198013096808,Recommended,414340,34360671,Posted: 19 August,all,Joccy,"If you guys ever get the chance, Get Hellblade: Senuas Sacrifice10/10 from me, It's linear and simplistic fighting wise, but god damn its one hell of an incredible storydark and real gritty with an equally heartbreaking journey.Thank you for crediting such a thought provoking and amazing game."
76561198034807717,Recommended,414340,34360249,Posted: 19 August,all,Aleph 0,"Great game, I was surprised. Nice scenarios, great sound work, good fights and epic ending fight/scene."
76561198002372391,Recommended,414340,34360555,Posted: 19 August,all,alexander_iksander,"In this day and age, when more than half of the released games have you collecting feathers, flags, plants or whatever else and stick to the formula, because everyone else is doing it; it's just sad and uninspired. I think developers taking chances, being creative and projecting their ideas is a good way for games to evolve, perhaps into a ""Golden Era"". All I have to say about Hellblade Senua's sacrifice is that : it's story based game, with some simple puzzles and good combat, but the story is the main focus (*it's a good one). I have only heard about the game 2-3 days prior to it's release; but I am glad that did, and it was worth the price ! It took me about 8 hours to finish, and I might go back at a later date, for another round to get the final achievement; Not that I care for it, but it's another reason to dive back in, and who knows what the Devs have in store for us, in the future !?*One final, and important thing, is that you should use a Headset when playing (preferably a decent one)."
76561198283246805,Recommended,414340,34360580,Posted: 19 August,all,Drongo,Amazing.
76561198009253608,Recommended,414340,34360596,Posted: 19 August,all,Albino Raven,"Quite frankly one of the most magnificent games I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. It's not perfect, there are still some minor bugs (game freezing on death in certain combat scenarios being the one I encounted most often) but I would be remiss if I didn't recommend this beautifuly crafted experience. A must own for absolutely any gamer; just make sure you play it with headphones in, the binaural sound is one of the most engrossing parts of Hellblade."
76561197970513009,Recommended,414340,34357163,Posted: 19 August,all,Unfit Assassin,"Check out our video review at -https://youtu.be/XTATvOn-t4cGraphics- Amazing from the start as a warrior female protagonist paddling through a river of fog and dead bodies hellblades world is amazingly detailed and the first time you see senuas face you will be blown away.  This is work of art and games like this are slowly reaching the uncanny valley. There is a mix of fmv and polygonal graphics which is something we really haven't seen before in modern games and works amazingly well. This game really pushed the envelope of modern graphics and this is something ninja theory has been known for with games like heavenly sword.Sound - like suggested when starting  hellnlade this game  is Best experienced with headphones.  The sound design with whispers coming from both ears has amazing detail and clarity.  They achieved this by recording the dialogue with binaural audio having the actors walk around the microphone within a 3d space. The story is mainly told through totems with the voice of an old friend and  the voices in senuas head caused by her psychosis. The voice acting is excellent as well as all of the environmental sounds. While the game is great without headphones it is definitely a more immersive experience using them.Gameplay- Hellblades gameplay is unlike any other Ninja Theory game. Its more of a story telling game that was designed to immerse you in the story and the personal struggle of Senua. There is a lot of walking but during that time there are parts of the story being told so it never feels dull. The combat is simple but you always have to be on your toes.  You are required to attack and dodge with precise timing and also have to pay attention to audio cues whispering watch out warning you of danger behind you. Eventually you unlock a sort of focus ability where you charge up and then can slow enemies making it easier to kill them.  The combat isn't combo based or packed full of action but its tense and it keeps you on your toes. There is a pretty extravagant puzzle element to the game where you are required to match symbols to something in the environment using her perspective and gates that unlock hidden pathways only after passing through them.Overall - The time spent with hellblade was truly a fresh and exciting experience. Hellblade is best experienced by putting on headphones darkening the room and letting yourself get fully immersed in Senua's mental struggle. The game took around 6 hours to complete and at times it was unnerving, tense, and even frustrating due to the mechanics in the game but they were few are far between. It has been a while since we have experienced a good psychological thriller but this game really has been one of the best examples of the genre. All in all Hellblade was an experience like no other and should at least be played through once. At the price tag of $29.99 Ninja Theory believes that hellblades 6-8 hours is worth that and we agree with them."
,Recommended,414340,34097077,Posted: 7 August,all,lableli,"ok lets make this shortdo not play without headphone...You have to walk a lot of distance and Hear your inner whispers...Solve a lot of puzzles..the fights its easy and simple  , its not hack and slash..no its not..The strength of this game is in story and personification and i must say i like it..its not god of war so if u wana play hack and slash dont buy it but if u search for somthing else,welcome home dud!..graphic is not perfect but is really good..bad thing ebout this game=Small environments.Walk between points 1 to 2 without doing anythingbut in the end this game is really perfect for people like me.Heavy atmosphere.perfect story.Unique characterization.boss fights and music"
,Recommended,414340,34257405,Posted: 15 August,all,Sierra Skye,"The best story so far 2017, powerfull graphic."
76561197971190870,Recommended,414340,34257285,Posted: 15 August,all,Doug38,"Awesome experience, makes you become insane.Good combat (tho a little repetitive), good puzzles, awesome graphics, best audio I've ever heard in a game...Good job Ninja Theory, this is a refreshing game."
76561198091643166,Recommended,414340,34096150,Posted: 7 August,all,Lobo,"HOLY.♥♥♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!! The crazy visuals, the interesting story, and the awesome voice and regular acting is phenomnal! Worth the money, worth the wait, so glad to finnaly be playing it. And dont listen to what people say about the combat. Just becuase a game does not have a combat system like batman arkyham city does not mean it is a bad combat system. I really like it and just becuase it is simplistic does not mean it is not entertaining. Check this game out, or at least watch a playthrough online."
76561198039226058,Recommended,414340,34096834,Posted: 7 August,all,AncientSpiritsofEvil,"This game tells an interesting and largely original story in a setting that is both grimm and beautiful. Although I would like to have seen a more fleshed out combat system, that does not take away from the fact that  the developers of Hellblade suscceded in what they set out to do; tell an engrossing story . The story hinges equaly on the pillars of ancient Nordic and Celtic myth and spirituality as well as the effects of mental unbalance on the mind of an tortured protaganist.Where the game really shines in my opinion is in the presetanion of senua herself. I have been a dedicated gamer since my childhood in the 80s and I have never seem a game that conveys the anguish and suffering of a shattered psyche the way this game does.  From the very beginning I found myself drawn into Seuna's tragic journey. The fact that the majority of the narative of the story is driven by both the voices of a departed  friend and Seuna's own inner demons  only works to make her tale even more compeling by making it a rather disconcerting and at times even trippy experince.So to summarize my review: if you play these types of games looking for the next God of War or Dark Souls, this isn't the place to look. On the other hand, if like myself you can appreciate a finely crafted tale of tragic circumstances look no further. As far as I know you will not find a more unique take on the tragic heroes journey anywhere else in gaming at the moment.  I give Hellblade"" Seuna's sacrifice an 8/10 for daring to take storytelling in gaming to places very few if indeed any other games are willing to go.UPDATE:After playing through the story I have decided to revise my inital review up to a solid 9/10, I do not exaggerate when I say this is one of the best told and immersive stories I have ever come across in my more than thirty years of gaming, To top it off Senua (IMO) is easily one of the most interesting and strangely relatable characters in gaming history.  Well done Ninja Theory."
76561198042023345,Recommended,414340,34259095,Posted: 15 August,all,Urthiel,"Even though the game has a few problems - especially in terms of the actual gameplay - some moments are so emotionally,  artistically and symbolically powerful it really leaves a mark on you."
76561198044615750,Recommended,414340,34257175,Posted: 15 August,all,birb,"Intense, fun, hard, The way I like it. ;)Honestly, superb game, would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants an intense story driven experience, it has great gameplay, fun puzzles, tense fights and amazing sounds, Well worth £25!"
76561198055647163,Recommended,414340,34096204,Posted: 7 August,all,Perturabo,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's fookin great so far.
76561197997071978,Recommended,414340,34257397,Posted: 15 August,all,Overdriver039,Cool Game!!10 of 10
,Recommended,414340,34096979,Posted: 7 August,all,Valithin Drathyr,"Ok, 2 hours in and im absolutely hooked. It is rare that I find myself this immersed in new games, graphics are fantastic, combat is INCREDIBLY fluid, the atmosphere is positively stunning, soundtrack is fantastic, and im not even that far! The first boss was incredible! So far the only issue i currently have is some bouncy FPS, kind of everywhere."
,Recommended,414340,34097088,Posted: 7 August,all,littl3ird,everything seem find but It is difficult to find signs :cry:
,Recommended,414340,34255892,Posted: 15 August,all,Legion,"More than a game. It is fantastic has Ninja Theory managed to capture what it means to be trapped in your own mind at the hand of psychosis.From a gameplay perspective, the combat is solid even if a little simplistic but I imagine that was not the focus of the team. The game is quite short but not in a bad way. It doesn't outstay it's welcome and I personally think that if it was longer some of the focus and immersion would have been lost.Sound and graphics mix together great in order to either make you feel claustrophobic or to direct you on the right path to take. Overall really good.The music was spot on as well with battle themes that make your heart beat faster.This game should receive an award for innovation and more games should be developed with what Ninja Theory managed to design and that is a very realistic human behavior in the main character.AfterOverall really good game. A must play!"
,Recommended,414340,34255673,Posted: 15 August,all,Poppy McCabe,"This game will no doubt end up on a bunch of 'best of' lists at the end of the year, and for good reason. It's a game you point people to when you want to talk about ""games as art"" or whether games can construct narratives on the same level as cinema and literature. They've managed to leverage the strengths of the medium to tell a gripping and powerful story complete with accurate historical and medical research.Hellblade really feels like a next generation title, and not just for its stunning visuals. Ninja Theory has elevated the medium by treating each part of the game (performance capture, audio, writing, voice acting, music, design) with the care and solemnity of a theatre company. The game ends up feeling serious and important for this reason. Perhaps this sounds pretentious, but it's far from feeling overly showy. Every crafted component of the game seems to be in service to the story, gameplay, and player experience.It might not a game for everyone. The user interface is radically diegetic. There is no map, no health meter, no inventory, and no journal to tell you what to do next. It's dark and ominous experience that relies on realistic depictions of psychosis to navigate through Hell. It's a decidedly single player experience best played alone with headphones on in the middle of the night. If you'd like a glipse of what video games can and should be in relation to storytelling, play Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice."
,Recommended,414340,34257421,Posted: 15 August,all,Tiemie,"What a tremendous game! Yes, it is dark, so it won't be for everyone.The story is rich, involving, and interesting. It is dripping with atmosphere, is well paced, and is truly frightening at times.The gameplay is innovative and fun - well the combat is standard with minor innovations that make it enjoyable; however, there is more to the gameplay than combat."
,Recommended,414340,34257877,Posted: 15 August,all,Sikom,"A huge congratulations to Ninja Theory and all those who helped to create this work of art!The game turned out to be everything I'd hoped it would be from the trailers and dev diary: Exciting and Intriguing gameplay, An amazing character and an appropriately awesome story.I believe Ninja theory have acheived everything they set out to do (possibly even more) with Hellblade and I look forward to what comes next from the dev, and what may follow in Hellblade's tracks from elsewhere"
76561198047025378,Recommended,414340,34097187,Posted: 7 August,all,Divine Raiden,"I've played for two hours and this game didn't need to try hard to keep me interested.The graphics are beautiful considering the low budget Ninja Theory had for this game compared to other Triple A titles.The combat is fluent and beautiful.Has a nice sensation to it.Witcher 3 players will blend right in since they are very much alike.Bosses are interesting and they are a bit hard, on hard difficulty,If you are an experienced hack and slash player I would reccomend starting your first playthrough on hard.Now for those who can't stand having their game reset their progress,don't get this game.If you die too much your journey will end and  you will have to start from the beginning.I won't say why because I don't want to throw spoilers at you.All is explained in the storyline.For thoses who might think that the voices are annoying,they are not.They are quite helpful to be honest and they help make the game more atmosperhic than it already is.Also DON'T PLAY WITHOUT HEADPHONES!Trust me and you shall not regret it!"
76561198040883499,Recommended,414340,34259124,Posted: 15 August,all,LowLevelPro,"Move over walking simulators, we've got a proper story-teller game. (Warning, the Following WILL CONTAIN SPOILERS)I finished this yesterday (Monday, August 14th 2017) in front of a small stream of friends. I went in expecting a horror experience with some watered-down Dark Souls mechanics. Nothing beyond amazing, but something interesting to last a day or two of streaming. When we finished the game 6 and a half hours later (longer than my usual 3-4 hour stream times for games like this) myself and my audience were stunned. No one was saying anything, no one could really process any words beyond ""Wow"".This game is... Amazing. I normally place a review on something that I feel I can properly comment on (ignoring one very early review), so it's rare I come to place a review. That being said, I feel I had to come make a comment here about this game. I would make a pros and cons like some other reviewers might, but I think the best way to describe this game would be:Cons: The puzzles get a bit sameyThe final boss fight was kind of a let downPros: Everything else(This is the last of the non-spoilers, everything going forwards will contain semi to major spoilers)I will admit, the combat is a bit simple. However it works very well for this game. Every motion is impactful, stunning an opponent makes them stumble and react with some beautiful animation, while bigger targets you simply hear a ""thunk"" before falling to the ground, the creature turning to face you. Each slash, each crunch of you or your opponent's blows connecting feels heavy, deliberate. When you get heavily injured and fall to the ground, the game doesn't flash a quick ""PRESS X TO NOT DIE!"" around you. It let's you choose whether to roll away from the incoming attack and stumble around until you gain your strength, or to sit there and die to restart. The bosses are all fun, with the ""worst"" being one of the early game bosses, Sutr. On the same foot, the other two bosses (I do not count that final boss fight, which is just an inevitable death horde wave) were amazing. Val was fast, terrifying, and when he charged you for you to barely counter his blows your heart stops before racing back up to a heavy beat against the music. Fenrir is terrifying, and his boss fight uses no ""PRESS A TO FIND THE OPPONENT!"" mechanics. Instead it uses a previously established mechanic, woven in beautifully with the story, to make your brain connect the dots on finding him.Speaking of music, I am not heavy into game music but I will make a short comment on Senua's OST. The music fits very well with each encounter, my favorite stuff is the boss fights which is where most of your sound comes from. In-game, between fights, you get next to no music in a Dark Souls fashion which I don't mind at all. I was too focused on the story to worry about that, and as said, music isn't my strong suite. That being said, music gets a thumbs up as well.Another thing I am not the biggest expert of is graphics, but again even I have to comment on them. With only slight lag (which I will excuse due to how much the game is doing, at such quality, and all of this during streaming/recording) the game looks gorgeous. I can't say how it will run on lower end computers, but on a higher end build you can easily run full steam ahead and only have slight issues primarily around loading/auto-save areas. As for the graphics themselves, they are stunning. In-game cutscenes are movies, not cutscenes, proper movies. The forest, lighting, and moments outside of the darkness of Senua's mind are gorgeous, with bright colors and times where we see Senua looking, quite frankly, very adorable. In contrast, the darkness, fire, and beasts of the land are terrifying. If you are ever in the dark, if you find yourself in a field of flames, no matter how many times you experience it the game makes it both visually impressive and emotionally impactful. Senua herself gets the award for best looking character model, period. Every bit of dirt, the paint slightly balled up on her forearms, the blood after an inflicted wound all feel incredibly real. While at the very beginning I was not really finding the motion capture interesting, as the game progressed it seemed to become much more solid and powerful, to the point I felt I was really watching a live person.Finally, the story. You are Senua, you have lost your husband to invaders from the north (cleverly named Northmen, though this is intentional and actually has some great backstory and history to it) and have gone completely stark raving mad. Senua has psychosis, in which she sees visions and hears voices. To her, the world you explore is completely real, and every blow, every monster, every horror she experiences is the truth. You must reclaim your husband from the depths of Hel, a la Dante's Inferno but with boobs and mental instibility instead of a giant red cross stitched onto your chest. While I joke slightly, Senua herself is a compelling character, and is destined to become a classic female idol for years to come, if not a permenant stay. She makes her way through to the underworld and Hel herself. Before you begin, you are inflicted with The Rot, a creeping black sludge that crawls up your arm. This plays into an interesting mechanic, a permadeath of sorts, where if Senua dies too much she will die, period. As in, your save is gone, your progress is gone, poof, gone. Don't worry, the game is not that punishing I died quite often at the hardest difficulty with no issue. The game also starts you on an ""Auto"" difficulty which will scale you according to your skills. This adds some stress early on, but is quickly forgotten as you make it through the first of two gods you must kill. Through the story, you will hear the voices of Senua's psychosis chittering in your ears. The voices feel like they are in your own ears, so a good pair of headphones is a must. The voices will sometimes praise you, sometimes hate you, but will mostly help you. In combat they will direct you and warn you of incoming attacks, a great way to meld in some tool tips without a big annoying text box appearing in your face. The further you progress into the underworld, the more the game rips into you as well as brings you hope. More and more intense visions occur, going from the quite but confusing Valravn's illusions to Sutr's horrific, screaming world of flame, to the dark Fenrir's lair where you must use Dillion (your husband's) previous words on navigating the darkness to sense his incoming attacks, to finally Hel herself. Each boss is preluded by puzzles, short combat sequences, and movies (again not cutscenes, movies) that further explore Senua and what happened to her. Parental abuse, lost family, psychosis, self-harm, and depression are explored in vivid detail. During the most important story moments, Senua will turn to the camera as it pans behind the figure she is talking to, and you will see her up close and personal at her best and at her worst. You see her fall in love, and you see her watch it crumble. You watch her fill with life, and you will watch her die. You will watch her struggle, and you will watch her fall. You will be right there, alongside her voices, as she walks through the darkness, lead by Dillion's words. You will fight in a rain of blood, watching her sword spark and glow with each attack. You will feel each impact, each emotion, you will struggle and scream beside her. You will smile as she does, and when all is said and done you will put down the controller and cry. Genuinely, this is the only game that has made me cry. Watching Senua let go, watching her let Dillion pass on, after all your struggling and pain and suffering beside her will break you, but it will feel... Right. And when she turns to the camera and tells you to follow, to listen to another story, you will gladly want to.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice gets a glowing recommendation. I can't wait for more, Ninja Theory"
76561198023045935,Recommended,414340,34264559,Posted: 15 August,all,The last of Them,"9/10 Game not for all pllayers but if u will like it, u'll be not disappointed trust me. And for this money it is masterpiece. You have to buy this game. For all game industry. Thx Ninja Theory for this game."
76561198217278848,Recommended,414340,34275194,Posted: 16 August,all,S T A T I K,"As i currently suffer form server anxiety and depression, i came into this game with a small understanding of what it was. I knew that the main character had terrible mental illness issues and problems - but i never suspected the servirity of this once i began to move further through the game.There where parts of this game that i connected with quite well- as there where similar experiences that i have experienced first hand, for example: during one of the side puzzles where you had to line up dead crows to find a rune symbol, i heard the voices saying that it was a trap, its a lie. At first i brushed it off and continued playing, but then a 3rd voice came through: ""what if this is what he wants us to think"" at that moment i began to question my own thoughts and ideas and was beginning to think that i did indeed do something wrong.Even the voice over at times felt like it was speaking directly to me as it mentioned asura's mental state and the theory that it was just an illusion and in her head. i say this because, i have had similar thoughts and ideas to this, what if i was already dead and im dreaming right now, or im in my own personal hell. in this modern age, games and story lines that go with them become better over time, however this story in particular, or should i say experience spoke volumes to me and gave me a better understanding of my own mental issues and problems - tho it has not completely fixed my problems- it has shown me to accept that it is there and move on with life. On a side note, i found the combat system awesome. highly recommend this game to anyone"
,Recommended,414340,34270457,Posted: 15 August,all,KillgoreES,"A revolutionary game truly, and a wonderful example of like minds focusing on the concept of using video games as a means of creating art and understanding rather than profit and pleasure."
76561198364276050,Recommended,414340,34247463,Posted: 14 August,all,Tom Cruise,10. Best game i have played so far in 2017. good story-great combat
,Recommended,414340,34267372,Posted: 15 August,all,pomegranate daddy,"What an experience, what a piece of art."
76561197987982145,Recommended,414340,34193989,Posted: 12 August,all,badkrma,"Showed the developer some respect and paid for this one at full price.Story is fantastic, the fighting is smooth but sometimes a little slow to react after I push the button. The gameplay mechanics are forgiving while also harsh and I'm not too fond of multiple enemies at once considering the game mechanics are designed to have you fight one on one with an enemy. Currently right now I also notice some sound issues but patches will fix that I'm sure.Most times the puzzles are a little tedious but that could be just me, I hate tediousness. I mean by that, you have to arrange the puzzle alignment just right for it to succeed and finding the damn spot is mediocre.So yes I would recommend but maybe at a slight lower price for those that can wait for that."
76561198003876967,Recommended,414340,34264566,Posted: 15 August,all,Barcarulez,"great,unique and beautiful"
76561198078375000,Recommended,414340,34236951,Posted: 14 August,all,Lantis,"When I first heard about Ninja Theory making a new game, I was excited.  I loved Heavenly Sword, Ninja Gaiden, and DMC.  But when I heard that the combat was slowed down drastically and was more story based, I became a lot more skeptical.In fact, I hope you like Ocarina of Time's combat.... and fighting only Stalfos.  Because that's pretty much all you get.  That said, I DO like OoT's combat so it's not a sticking point for me.  That on top of the amazing sound work and good graphics, and probably most importantly the price of admission, I find this to be a definitively good game.  The worst criticism I can come up with is that even Senua's run speed is eye-rollingly slow.  That and the story is really hard to follow.  The flashbacks are vague and Druth's information dumps aren't entirely helpful.  But then again, I'm only half way through the game, if that, so I'm reserving judgement for that."
,Recommended,414340,34247097,Posted: 14 August,all,JudgementDX,"To be completely honest I wanted very much to say this is one of the best games released this year, but to be perfectly honest I just can't and that sucks, but what I can still do is reccomend it,Basically this plays out like dear esther plus for honor, with lots of long walking story segments and tense, 1 vs 1 combat in between but also some light puzzling too. The story itself is nothing revolutionary but the writing and the voice acting is excellent which honestly sold me on its own, the combat while also nothing new is functional and simple but does allow for some good nuance.Graphically this game is awesome, lots of work got put into the details and for example i remember being so surprised when I realized that one of the bosses has skin that will begin to sag as you cut into it, and like that all characters retain slashes they recieve.And now for every reason why I can't say this is game of the year '17: The combat is nothing one of the git gud crowd would be too challenged by although it does keep trying to ramp up over time which i appreciate at least until the ending when youre literally fighting 20 on 1 in a game that only focuses on 1 v 1 combat, but don't worry because as long as you can spam A senua will never actually die which really gets silly if you manage to get downed a lot at once.Puzzles are also reused a lot, finding runes is something you will spend almost all of your time on. and the one very worst problem is a fight just before the end where you have to stay out of the dark to keep senua from getting scared, and this fight almost ruined the whole game for me. there are times where you will be fighting for your life and have no ability to see anything for entire minutes at once. for me this is a giant stain on an otherwise excellent experience.To conclude, Hellblade is an excellent game with lots of great points and one black mark in the middle that if you can ignore leaves it as a great game, but all of the bugs and some design decisions keep it from being a perfect one."
,Recommended,414340,34247545,Posted: 14 August,all,AngelicShades,"Finished Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice last night. What a powerful and affecting experience!  Somehow dark and beautiful and touching all at once. Hat's off to Ninja Theory. I really hope that they will make more games like this in the future, if not explore more of Senua's stories.I think this is one of the best examples I've seen of gameplay combining seamlessly with story in a strictly immersive way. The puzzles plunge you into Senua's distorted sense of reality and draw upon her ability to process patterns and shapes the way other minds might not be able to. The combat feels heavy and visceral and is situationally manipulated, as is the audio, to affect our emotions. The voices...the never ending plague of voices, both helpful and hurtful...speak for themselves.If you're interested in this game, I highly recommend watching the dev diaries Ninja Theory shared on YouTube. They put a lot of time and care into tackling the topic of psychosis with respect and sensitivity, as well as researching Norse and Celtic lore.PROTIP for others looking to play this game. You can switch targets by pressing in the analog stick if you're playing on the controller (not sure of the keyboard equivalent). This wasn't listed in the controls area, so I went the whole game without switching targets.Other minor complaint, as much as I love the puzzles, they could be extremely obtuse or require precision positioning at times.  Even still, I made it through to the end and still recommend it."
,Recommended,414340,34246418,Posted: 14 August,all,Alchemist,I just can't even... AMAZING experiance..this game has so much soul to it. I am sad and relieved that I have finished it.. I HOPE the finale was a hint for the future!
76561198081119763,Recommended,414340,34249781,Posted: 14 August,all,✪ LiQuiD,"An amazing gripping story. The executation of all aspects of this game is incredible.Thin on gameplay mechanics - Puzzle solving , Combating and exploration.However by far my ffavourite game of this year.Please Support this project."
,Recommended,414340,34248844,Posted: 14 August,all,sQuiDwArD,"Now that I have finished the game here is a review. It's a positive review because I recieved a well made game with a brand new experience that I have never had with any game-movie-or show that I've seen. Not only was I put through a rollercoaster of emotions playing as Senua, but the gameplay itself brought many interesting challenges. The graphics were nice and defienetly from Unreal 4, the stroy was extremely unique and requires thought and attention, the gameplay was satisfying for me however it was constant and consistent throughout, the lenght of the game feels appropriate took me 6 hours. The side runes that you could find throuout the world that provided backstory were interesting and worth looking for. Last but not least, the voice actor for Druth was phenominal.TL;DR - Unique one-of-a-kind experience, consistent combat, interesting story, short lenght feels justified by price and quality of game."
76561198047364631,Recommended,414340,34190136,Posted: 12 August,all,Mapinto,"i just finish the game today. very simple game. cut scene, walking, puzzle solving(easy) and fighting. if you love game with good graphic instead of gameplay/storyline you could buy it."
,Recommended,414340,34236504,Posted: 14 August,all,Valentin,Intense. Beautiful. Dark. I just finished it. 11 out of 10.
76561198023965464,Recommended,414340,34237782,Posted: 14 August,all,joetkacz,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is not only an incredible game, it's an important one. Dealing with a topic that for whatever reason is taboo, the game attempts to mimic many of the symptoms of severe mental illness. I loved the use of sound, you simply have to play this game with either a really good surround system, or some great headphones. Doing otherwise would be doing yourself a great disservice. Gameplay is a mix of puzzle elements, and sword fighting. To be fair, neither rewrite the book on these somewhat cliche video game attributes, but on the flip side, I found both well executed. I even found myself stumped on more than one occassion, which can take this game up to the 9-10 hour completion level depending on skill. But it's the world, the characters, the voice acting, the incredible soundtrack, and the downright feels this game evokes that makes it worth your time. When I wasn't drying the sweat from my palms, I was wiping the tears from my eyes from this incredible game. If you play one game the remainder of this year, make it Hellblade."
,Recommended,414340,34408392,Posted: 21 August,all,Briz,"I loved this game. I found the story really engaging, and the acting was impeccable. The combat is intense, in your face, and visually epic. There are some particular levels / boss fights that are just visually stunning. Like something out of a heavy metal song. Ninja Theory is now on my radar as a developer to watch. Can't wait to see what they do next."
,Recommended,414340,34549008,Posted: 28 August,all,Kame,"Great game! Graphics is stunning, sound is just mind blowing (play on headphones ONLY) story is overall good and interesting. In my opinion the only bad part of the game are those puzzle runes, it's simply boring. I really liked the combat though it's simple and repetitive but the animation and feeling is great. I really enjoyed the game and I highly recommend it !"
76561198027253625,Recommended,414340,34513961,Posted: 26 August,all,Fichtnmoped [AUT],This is it. One of the best singleplayer games I ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,414340,34531552,Posted: 27 August,all,lromixl,"My personal review 9/101. Grapsich awesome (thanks to unreal engine) for DEVS: I prefer to use this presethttps://sfx.thelazy.net/games/preset/8126/2. Sound is amazing. This binoural.oh man love it . Whishpering is cool3. Combat  system is not very diverse but presented (They could make it better)4. Maps is huge and memorableю But LOD is few =\5. Story is not complicated but the end of game should be more tragic (and yes, Im cry)6. FaceCapture is awesome (fall in love Senua as a character :D ) Sadly thing is for the rest of the actors money or time was not enough7. Puzzle game is typical every time. They not hard to solve . Devs .Why did you remove the illusions after defeating the boss? I would leave them (and do not care for not the plot) And you always need to look very carefully for matches. A little bit turned wrong and the system does not register the symbol8. This game presented so much WALKING! man, Senua would wear a bracelet that tracks the steps, it turned out that she came from Earth to the moon9. Enemys is poor ...3-4 types of enemies and 4 boss (if not mistaken) BUT! Their desing and concepts looks great10. Gameplay... Overall I enjoyed the story and the gameAnd again. Im not dissapointed of game\devs. Thanks...3 years (~20 dev diary) and finally here :)"
76561198013184567,Recommended,414340,34542429,Posted: 27 August,all,Ethredel,"This game made me think and reflect. It made me google and read because I came to realize that there was a large gap in my knowledge about mental illness and how we deal with it as humans. The game seems to have been crafted with genuine care for the accurate and empathetic portrayal of mental illness, although there are obviously some departures from this: it is a game, after all. Most importantly, however, I learned something, and I was thoroughly entertained while it happened. Great story and great execution.The price might seem a little steep if you buy this game expecting intricate mechanics and gameplay, as well as hours upon hours of replayability. If you buy this game you're paying for a good story, great acting and amazing visuals (The motion capture and facial expressions are some of the best I have ever seen).I wholeheartedly recommend this game. It was a bit on the expensive side, but I have no regrets. Buy it, put on your headset, turn off the lights, and prepare to experience just how fragile reality can be. You might just come out the other side as a more empathetic human being, and that alone is worth it."
,Recommended,414340,34139428,Posted: 9 August,all,Lip Service,Yes.
76561197971554205,Recommended,414340,34448453,Posted: 23 August,all,HeFFiX,"Fresh and new take on story telling, this is nothing like you've seen before.  A short and intense 8 hours experience well worth the price."
,Recommended,414340,34265582,Posted: 15 August,all,zz,"One of this years must play games.Hellblade offers a not only stunning visuals and a rich story, but the highest quality of audio ive ever heard in a game. Necessary with the voices you will hear consistently throughout the game (which has the options to be turned off if you are sensitive to them). This game is amust play with headphones.I suggest playing with a controller as well.Pros and ConsPros•Immersive gameplay with no UI setup.•Absolutely beautiful graphics.•Combat always keeps you on your feet with sort of a simpler Dark souls-esk style.•Puzzles never get repetetive and will make you want to keep playing to see what leads behind that next door.•About 6-8 hours of gameplay.Cons• Minor, barely noticable bugs that sometimes happens with camera movement.• Certain puzzles might take a bit to figure out without walkthroughs.• Some 'character models' ruin the immersion, imo (you'll know what I mean). Though its not that bad, and makes it unique in a sense.This next feature can be a Pro or Con depending on the user. There isPermanent Death.This pushes youself to win every single fight.Although there is a way to back up your savesC:\Users\%username%\AppData\Local\HellbladeGame\Saved\SaveGames.There is leeway for you to fail a few times before Perma-death. I was able to finish the game without a backup, so I dont think its too difficult to accomplish.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a dark, story driven game."
,Recommended,414340,34113212,Posted: 8 August,all,nicolò,ragnarok is incoming
76561198353741838,Recommended,414340,34830067,Posted: 8 September,all,MasterBOX,This is an amazing game!!!
,Recommended,414340,35051751,Posted: 18 September,all,icehot,"This game is really good, once the bugs were finally fixed I couldn't put it down!"
76561198040830522,Recommended,414340,34225954,Posted: 13 August,all,King Andus a silly robot🍌,"There is alot of walking, or slow running,But it's optemised guud, and looks nicethe combat is pretty simple Press space while holding A or D then right click twice, then repeatThe story, is something ? :)but one of the songs is in Norwegian so I have to do a thumbs up!"
76561198023951617,Recommended,414340,34154702,Posted: 10 August,all,Kaita,"This is an amazingly designed piece of gaming. Sure it has it's bugs, but from the sheer level of thought and design that this has had put into it, it is something quite unlike anything I've ever experianced.However, DO NOT play this for prolonged periods of time if you find yourself distressed. It hits all the right triggers in the mind for a reason, it is designed to portray it's psycosis. Treat with caution if you are suseptable to sensory overloads, especially sound.I have limited myself to half an hour bursts. This is about my limit. But it is both terrifying and wonderful to have such an experiance so perfectly packaged and acessible. It makes me realise things about my child hood, and my own state of mind now.Treat with care, but also with a great deal of respect, this game deserves it."
76561198034119491,Recommended,414340,34153751,Posted: 10 August,all,yakushev,"This is an amazing game.The main highlight is without doubt the main character herself, Senua. Her movements, her acting, the way she looks at you is so real, so visceral... I still feel my hair raising up when she turns to look me in the eye. I strongly recommend taking a look at the developer diary and check what kind of technology and effort went this one person.Environments are also great, the story is second to none, the psychosys feels real. Even puzzles are oriented towards how people with psychosys may notice patterns in trivial things, that most others would miss.With this gem the developers just upped the game for everybody, this is how AAA games will look and feel years ahead."
76561198324658622,Recommended,414340,34250364,Posted: 14 August,all,DingALing47,Unlike anything I've played. Very intense and accurate to Norse myths
76561198049205873,Recommended,414340,34250836,Posted: 15 August,all,Moustache Man!,"This game is unlike anything I have every played, I'm completely blown away by everything it represents. I really consider this game almost more of an art piece than a game. If you really want to play something thats not just well made but more unique than anything else thats been coming out these days, try this one."
,Recommended,414340,34250893,Posted: 15 August,all,mac_and_cheese,"1. Play with surround sound head phones2. Play with as little lighting as possible3. Don't rush. The story is an amazing emotional journeyNote: If you have a spouse, keep your guard up because they will scare the crap out of you when you least expect it."
76561198021682251,Recommended,414340,34250887,Posted: 15 August,all,Chewlafoo,"this game is simply amazing. it does an excellent job at telling a deep, disturbing story and does a good job of protraying psychosis (not that i have experiences to compare it to). i highly recommend this game for anyone that values story over action, don't get me wrong there is plenty of fighting in this game but it's not constantly in your face. one thing i didn't care too much about is the lack of variety in the puzzles. you essentially play ""I spy,"" trying to find various symbols in the environment for a good majority of the game. I wish they would have added a bit more variety in the puzzles but this isn't a deal breaker for me. i feel that this game is well worth the price for anyone that wants a great story, immersive gameplay, beautiful graphics, and not wanting to spend too much"
76561197981814023,Recommended,414340,34420435,Posted: 22 August,all,quantum,"Absolutely gorgeous graphics, great atmosphere, pretty intense. Fights and puzzles are easy so far, but the experience makes up for it."
76561198119860041,Recommended,414340,34251379,Posted: 15 August,all,Maneta,"This isn't just a game, but a game with purpose it's an art.. playing this game means allowing yourself to understand the POV on how a person if suffering from a mental health.If you're looking for a unique game with a dark twist then i recommend this, game has great story and the atmosphere is really beautiful, combat is great but it doesn't matter because this game is mostly focus on storyline and being one with the character.the conceptual design and everything is a masterpiece.really unique game indeed."
,Recommended,414340,34222076,Posted: 13 August,all,SuperBeatBoy,"Fantastic experience, great story with amazing audio and facial capture.Well recommended!"
76561197994059567,Recommended,414340,34222081,Posted: 13 August,all,ｯ Taserface ｯ,"OH MY GOD!Smeagol / Gollum the Simulation!What a masterpiece of a game!The fighting is pure art (blocking <3)! The atmosphere, the sound, the world.. Everything is so perfect!The puzzles were a bit annoying at first. Later they are easier and then there is also more fighting with different unit types.I hope it will never end!10/10 Game of the year so far for me!Havent played something amazing for a looong time!"
76561198139161636,Recommended,414340,35121870,Posted: 21 September,all,Ventus,"I came into this game with high expectations, and they were completely blown away. Everything about this game was exceptionally done.  The topics, the art, the music, the story, the gameplay, the setting, the attention to detail, the voice acting were all incredibly done. And to top all this off, the battle mechanics are amoung the smoothest and most fun i've ever played. This game is 100% worth the money. This game is deep, intense, and intensely satisfying.TLDR; Just buy it, trust me."
,Recommended,414340,35034375,Posted: 17 September,all,Zalzur,"I'm in love with both Senua and the game itself!Buy this game to support the developers, they really deserve it!I hope we will see more games like this (or similar) in the future!"
,Recommended,414340,34136501,Posted: 9 August,all,IllusiveHaze,"Don't be put off by the long paragraph, this isn't a rant on how the game was good but not fantastic, it's a rant about how it's the single greatest single player and story driven game I have ever played and I would HIGHLY reccomend it.I can't actually put into words how very much I enjoyed this game. It is hands down the best single player game and story driven game I have ever played. I played the entire game in the dark with a headset on, all the while playing in either mute horror with a grimace or screaming frantically. The amount of effort put into this game astounds me. The sound design alone makes this game perfect. Every single sound is so absurdly important to set the mood and the scene. I've never heard better. Visually the game is also stunning, it ran at a stable 60 fps in 1920x1080 resolution on my gtx 980m without stuttering or any issues at all, I couldn't even tell the difference between the gameplay and a cut scene until I would realize that Senua wasn't going where I told her too. As well as the motion capturing and animation in this game are prestine. Senua's facial expressions always aligned with what was happening in the game and were perfect. Senua's eyes are so well animated I swear I could look into them and see the pain and despair. She was such a real and relatable character that I can't think of words to describe her other than uncanny. The music in this game is also incredibly important, in fact the lack of music is even more important. It makes the game so terrifying that I could hear my heartbeat over the sound of anything else. Also, the combat in this game is phenomonal. I played the whole game on auto difficulty and each time I was in combat I was not disappointed. It was at the perfect difficulty to be hard and frusterating, but not unbearably difficult to make want to throw my mouse. It is fluent and easy to pick but hard to master. The boss battles in this game are fantastic and remind of both Dark Souls and God of War. Lastly, the story. The story in this game is so..... I cannot put it in words. It felt as if I was reading a book, the amount of detail that they put it in and the environment and sound and everything just melded into one solid absolutely epic storyline that I shall not forget. This is easily the greatest game released in 2017 for single player titles and is now my #1 reccomendation for anyone that wants a great single player game. They can play the Witcher 3 or Fallout 4 some other time, this comes first. I know some people are worried about length of the story, it only took me 8.2 hours to play through the whole thing and that's a long playthrough for this game because I was absorded into it that I explored every inch of the game that I could. I even went as far as to actually watch all of the end credits that were accompanied by a fantastic song and I NEVER watch the credits of any game, I just skip them. I would like to thank all of Ninja Studios and every single person that worked on this game for such an amazing experience. I give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,414340,35214166,Posted: 25 September,all,Stu,"A truely beautiful game!  When art and videogames colide.  An emergent art form in the evolution of storytelling.As far as the game play, it's DarkSouls + Dear Ester with a incredible story to be told.  The cherry on top is the level of detail and accuracy they poured into psychology, norse mythology, and history.Hats off to Ninja Theory!!"
76561198139820097,Recommended,414340,34383084,Posted: 20 August,all,purely_grown_memes,"at first I questioned if I should really buy this game and so I decided to read the reviews and found them very misleading, for example, some say this game is not mainly a fighting game and is more of a puzzle game, but in my opinion it is both as you do need to beat bosses to get passed some points in the game, the blend of action and puzzle solving is very satisfying although some puzzles get repetitive. I do reccomend this game to whoever is unsure of buying it, just be sure that puzzles, cutscenes, scary scenes and action are in your interest."
76561198077177579,Recommended,414340,34222226,Posted: 13 August,all,JoeLapp93,"I'll keep it short and sweet. Highly recomend this game, play with good headphones in a dark room and enjoy the experience."
76561198090330210,Recommended,414340,34222229,Posted: 13 August,all,KRACKROCKSTEADY,"There's people so far that have condemned this game for the combat and puzzles being too simplistic, or the game being too short, or too slow paced. I'm here to tell you that the pace is exactly what you set, and the combat, though easy to get the hang of just like the puzzles, is not overly simple. If you like epic stories of gods, goddesses and the realm of men this is for you. If you want to understand and feel what the character does, realize the challenges they face and the tolls they take on our protagonist, this game is does it better than most I've ever played. Visually, it's stunning, even with my 1050ti, and runs rather smoothly. The controls are responsive, and once you learn the combat you truly are a force to be reckoned with, and rather than coming off as pretentious with how deep the story runs, or ""muh feminism,"" with the female protagonist, the story really reminds me of tales like the Odyssey, or of Theseus, but with the nordic gods instead. I would recommend this game to anybody that loves a good story, has good headphones and has $30 to spare. You won't regret it."
76561197991044751,Recommended,414340,34330540,Posted: 18 August,all,Valkyn,"Awesome game.  Very polished, great story, engaging combat....a masterpiece all around."
76561198045704667,Recommended,414340,34330305,Posted: 18 August,all,A Very Geeky Man at Work,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough. Everything about it is incredible. The visuals, the graphics (I'm making a difference here because they're both awesome), the sound design, the music, the story. And I'm not even finished with the game yet. Maybe I shouldn't jump to conclusions like that, but Hellblade is just something else...First, the visuals (as opposed to the graphics). The environment is just stunning. The weather effects are incredible. The background - if you can call it a background since the level transitions are so fluid I for one never even noticed them (the level transitions) - is breathtaking.The graphics. I couldn't believe them when I first saw the game. Hellblade's graphical capabilities are next-generation, and yet the game ran great on my computer, which needs a bit of upgrading. Senua doesn't have any regular interaction with the environment, but so what, who's looking at the ground when the polygon count is so damn high?Everyone was talking about the sound design in the game, the binaural audio. Let me tell you, it really is incredible. You need headphones, a good pair if you can. Then, sit back (don't sit back, you're playing a game!) and be engrossed in the world and mind of Senua. It's such a unique experience. I would suggest turning off notifications as well, to get that full experience, with no distractions.The music is so great. It picks up during combat and cutscenes (not always, though). Since the game is set in an ancient Celtic and Norse time, you get this epic music themed after the time period. I won't spoil it.Speaking of spoiling, the story is beautiful. I don't think it's something that a person playing this game can really relate to, (trying to save your lover from the depths of the Norse version of Hell, and at the same time suffering from psychosis) but you play a woman warrior who suffers an unimaginable amount of pain, but does not give up. It is a story that makes you want to keep playing, thinking, she can do it, she can do it, oh my god she can't do it, oh my god she CAN do it! I love it, and Senua is now one of my heroes.In conclusion (wow, did I just make a high school-worthy essay? That's kinda sad, honestly) this game's got just about everything. Even the combat is simple and fun. I read from a user named Morti#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThis isn't a game, it's an experience.I couldn't agree more. This is a game where you absorb yourself into it, and you have no distractions. You experience the story. 11/10. The extra 1 is for surprising me with how amazing it is."
76561198098627345,Recommended,414340,34331128,Posted: 18 August,all,Wasa,"Excellent narrative, brilliantly told.Functional and mundane combats, almost boring, but they are not the point: the story is excellent and totally worth your purchase. Not for hardcore/RPG/Hack'n'Slash gamers, but more for story aficionados.Intriguing and ""beautiful"" 'if ever Senua's quest could be defined as beautiful)""Poor Senua""... you'll think during all of her quest. But you'll want to reach the bottom of it all."
,Recommended,414340,34331166,Posted: 18 August,all,Aya,"When I first heard of this game I was intrigued. Viking warrior, mythology, and mental pycosis all wrapped into one amazing story-telling experience. This game has beautiful graphics, and the best combat mechanics I have ever seen in a game. It's fluid, rewarding, and you cannot help but feel like you are actually fighting. The story itself is engrossing, and amazing. The journey to the end keeps you going, the puzzels are challenging and unique, keeping you thinking. The boss fights are fun. The end still has me wondering and excited for a new game and another adventure with Senua. Buying this game is not a regret, and even though there is no other endings I still feel I will play it again. It was that enjoyable. The game suggests playing with headphones, do it. The level of immersion you experience while using them is well worth it. Just not the same through speakers."
76561197992997254,Recommended,414340,34331067,Posted: 18 August,all,jonis,10/10
76561197964700052,Recommended,414340,34236158,Posted: 14 August,all,Polymerase,This game is a breath of fresh air in todays video gaming industry. The experience is immersive and focused with a disturbing story. Headset is highly recommended since the sound is out of this world.
,Recommended,414340,34109899,Posted: 8 August,all,[HxC]DuckSauce,"Best walking simulator, ever.No, but really, it's actually a really good game.  There isn't a ton of gameplay, it's mostly walking around, figuring out stuff and some combat here and there.  The combat is really great, though.  It feels fluid.  Typical Team Ninja, but much slower paced.  Dark Souls style, almost.The story hits home a bit, because my significant other suffered from psychosis at one point.  So, it's really interesting seeing how they portray psychosis and my significant other stated to me that this game hits the nail on the head with how psychosis really is.Overall, awesome game so far and the price point is a steal."
,Recommended,414340,34315682,Posted: 17 August,all,anas18,من الافضل الالعاب اللي لعبتهاالقصة رائعة والاصوات تحفة فنية
76561198016711982,Recommended,414340,34333196,Posted: 18 August,all,Khareth,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a riveting journey about Senua, a young Celtic warrioress suffering from severe mental psychosis. She is in pursuit of her murdered husband, and finds herself in the very depths of Norse hell in order to find him.Senua's Sacrifice explores what the media has driven to the taboo: schizophrenia and psychosis. You are placed in the shoes of one such woman who sees the world from an entirely different perspective. In a world before our time filled with ignorance and cruelty, Senua must struggle with the demons of her past, mind-numbing illusions, and unfathomable horrors in order to find the love that was taken from her.A hack-and-slash journey of sorrow and anguish, Hellblade is a beautiful visual and story-telling masterpiece that not only takes you into the mind of a schizophrenic, but also explores the mystical mythology of the Vikings and their gods.I haven't played a game this emotionally daunting since SOMA."
,Recommended,414340,34184369,Posted: 11 August,all,DarkAssassin011,"Hellblade: Senua's SacrificeAt the time of writing I only show 2.4 hours. This is due to alot of offline play. 6+ Hours realistically.A chilling story experience. It masterfully depics Senua's struggle through darkness with mental illness. There are no jump scares here. The atmosphere is the thrill. The sound is the best part. The voices in her head sound errily realistic. The thunder claps sound right overhead. You have to use a headset or you do the sound a diservice.If you are on the fence I, just do it. For $30 USD you can't beat it. Support the Devs, and support the idea of Indie AAA so we can get more games like this.Things of note, has a great photo mode and supports Ansel if you have the hardware."
,Recommended,414340,34334472,Posted: 18 August,all,Rotten_Pancakes,"I loved this game. Beautiful graphics, story line, and just enough action. I'll defiantly be playing through it again on hard mode!"
76561198071553058,Recommended,414340,34334190,Posted: 18 August,all,Ghould,"This is a game that challenges you, it feels like a totally new take on games that is absolutely refreshing. There is no handholding and there is no HUD. This game is pure immersion into the protagonists mind and environment. It has truly beautiful moments and I sometimes forget that this is not a movie.Highly recommend playing this and supporting the developer. Hopefully more great things to come from Ninja Theory."
,Recommended,414340,34134569,Posted: 9 August,all,Eight,"Senua's Sacrifice is a technical marvel.  I would love to see more games spending this much love and care on the voice work, recording, and sound design."
,Recommended,414340,34356972,Posted: 19 August,all,Winterblink,"Simply astonishing. This is probably one of my favorite games of recent years, a really unique experience based real historical subject matter and representations of mental illnesses. Top notch stuff."
,Recommended,414340,34189085,Posted: 12 August,all,shizoeid,"It is not a game, it is poetry. I'm not much of a gamer, I play something new once every few years - but I have never seen anything like this before. It is overwhelmingly personal and sincere, genuine. And it is beautifully made, every reflection, every move, it's made with love. It's hard to put it into words. Thank you Ninja Theory."
,Recommended,414340,34317167,Posted: 17 August,all,Orgar,"Beautiful gameReally beautiful game with great combat movement.I like the puzzel part  of the game, the combat movement feels very natural and authentic and the level of detail in the environment is fantastic.The feeling in the game is really nice and I like how the psycological element have been implemented, it gives you the feeling that you are not completly alone in the world of the game.Melina Juergens who play Senua have done an amazin job in pulling Sauna off, and you can't help to instantly just love Senua.I saw theHellblade: Senua's Sacrifice | Dev Diary 25 | Becoming Senuaand Melina if you ever read this...my hat off, really amazing, fantastic job well done!I'm looking forward to continue to play this game and to follow the story."
,Recommended,414340,34318795,Posted: 17 August,all,xiledchicken,"Easily one of the best games that I have played in a LONG time... and at only $30? WHAT?!PROS-This game is visually stunning.The sound in this game is on another level.Gameplay esp. combat is buttery smooth.The game provides enough of a challenge to be fun and interesting w/o becoming frustrating.The subject matter of this game was a huge risk and it paid off big time, providing an interesting game that feels distincly fresh! It is a huge departure from the stale storylines of modern AAA games and it out shines them all.It is a master class in story based game design.CONS-There are some bugs (but seriously name a game that is bug free.)There are also the usual issues with a third person camera: ocasional wall clipping, collision issues with the enviroment, vision being blocked by objects within the enviroment, and a narrow FOV (although I think that in this game it actually adds the the experience).The game is design specifically to tell a story, so for those who are not interested in story based games the gameplay will seem slow and borring.Low replay value. Yes there are collectables to find but they are so easy to find you'll probably find the vast majority in your first play through."
76561198391931847,Recommended,414340,34318740,Posted: 17 August,all,Die,"Seriously. If steam sent me an email saying there was an error and the game actually cost $60, i would happily pay the other 30 right now. This game is amazing. The story is so deep and detailed, the graphics are stunning, combat is very similar to dark souls and fits in smoothly with the story. Headphones are a must. The audio really is incredibly well done. You will get sucked in to this game. A must buy."
76561198088947898,Recommended,414340,34318217,Posted: 17 August,all,Eggsy,ASMR the game. 10/10
,Recommended,414340,34219492,Posted: 13 August,all,Spaghetti_Penguin,"1. Do your research before spending money on any game, don't make assumptions. This is NOT an action-oriented video game. Although whatever action it does have remains truly satisfying..2. This game reminds me of my high school years..3. meme review:Will get depressed again. 9/10"
,Recommended,414340,34336963,Posted: 18 August,all,Lady Loki,"By far a brilliant game. Only complaint would be that I wish it were longer. The Norse Mythology in this game is fantastic! It is a beautiful yet terrifying game, a very immersive game too. I highly recommend this game, well worth it even if it is short."
,Recommended,414340,34337272,Posted: 18 August,all,nesquik rabbit,really good game
76561198140269227,Recommended,414340,34333824,Posted: 18 August,all,steenkampmusic,"More games need to be released with the same eye for detail and passion. Everything works, the feel, the look, the gameplay, the story and the character.Fantastic work"
76561197995194554,Recommended,414340,34225994,Posted: 13 August,all,AsM | Kerbros,"I  LOVED this game. I havnt been pulled into a story like that for a long, long time. I could not pull my self away from my computer. Great combat, The voices were made so amazing and never felt overdone. I was waiting forever for this to come out and it didnt dissapoint at all. BUY, BUY, BUY!"
76561198056275636,Recommended,414340,34333733,Posted: 18 August,all,Six,"I just finished the game and was so moved by the whole experience that I just had to review it - my first review for any game in fact. I'm no professional game reviewer, of course, but I hope that this can help whoever comes across this review to decide if this game is for them. I'll try to keep this as concise and short as I can.I'll start by saying that this game is not for everybody, and that is a GOOD thing. Trying to pander to too many markets results in a very diluted product and I am happy to say that Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is one of the few AAA games that doesnt' fall into that trap. This game is a work of art. It's an intense, narrative-driven experience that'll have you on edge every step of the way. It immerses you in a a story about a young woman's struggle with mental illness told in a way that hasn't been done before - with unrelenting honesty, detail, and love. I'd be more specific, but that would invovle spoilers, so I'll leave it at that.The audio is phenomenal, the graphics are drop-dead gorgeous, and the motion capture/facial animations are top-of-the-line fantastic. So let's talk about the combat. The combat is just right. Meaning, too much freedom and it both takes away from the feeling of suspense and from the groundedness of Senua's capabilities. Not enough freedom and it just isn't fun.  The combat falls rightly in the middle. It's simple, but satisfying. Also, to be fair, there's actually a surprising amount of depth to the combat if you look for it. I've seen clips of other players pulling off some beautiful combos. (Made me realize how badly I was playing the game.)Now let me tell you what this game is NOT. If you're looking for lots of customization, hack and slashing through hordes of mindless enemies, mindblowing combat mechanics, hundreds of hours of filler gameplay, or a casual and/or light-hearted experience then this game is not for you. Basically, if you're not looking for an intense narrative-driven experience then I'd probably say hold off on getting this.But if you ARE looking for a heavily immersive and compelling narrative-driven experience, one that breaks the mold - then this game is DEFINITELY for you. And personally, I feel like calling it a narrative-driven experience doesn't do it enough justice. This game is a masterpiece and a work of art. All the elements (the gameplay, the concept, the mechanics, the performance, the atmosphere, the story) come together and synergize so perfectly. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an EXPERIENCE period. If that's what you're looking for, go and get this game now."
,Recommended,414340,34341761,Posted: 18 August,all,phoenix.kills,Anyone looking for a deeply immersive experience and willing to enter the mind of someone who truly falls into their own madness should play this game. Its a fantastic journey and an important step into exploring and understanding mental illness in a new way.
76561197992083855,Recommended,414340,34379072,Posted: 20 August,all,Matyvalien,"Very unique experience and a very good looking game , combat is satisfaying , nice story and best voices in a game."
,Recommended,414340,34378504,Posted: 20 August,all,ZucchiniWarlord,Amazing game worth every penny!
76561197984289478,Recommended,414340,34378590,Posted: 20 August,all,Ghostmaker,This game is a work of art.
76561198047142472,Recommended,414340,34364645,Posted: 19 August,all,The Dorito Goat,"An amazing gaming and life experience, this project is nothing else but art.The people behind the game went to great lenghts to explore, inform, and depict mental psychosis, a subject that is clearly still taboo in this world. They consultet doctors, professors, educated and knowledgeable individuals, but also people who suffer from mental illnesses as well, so while in my experience they depicted it perfectly, I guess we'll never know for sure, since the sickness depends on the individual and the individuals perception of reality. But what I do know is that it shows us Senuas perception: her journey through her own inner darkness to save the soul of the person she loves, and they couldn't depict it more perfectly. You spend a lot of game time being confused, hearing voices, seeing hallucinations, wondering what is real and what isn't, not sure if you can even trust yourself anymore, until, at last, you accept Senuas perception of reality and merge yourself with her experiences and accept her vision of the world, with the way she sees things. And that is what the game is all about.In conclusion, it's an educational, eerie, mind boggling experience that is worth way more than the original price that it costs.Support the devs, support knowledge, and support self - education by buying this masterpiece, and remember to look at ""Hellblade Feature"" upon game completion (not before, contains heavy spoilers), as it offers additional insight about everything."
76561198126104952,Recommended,414340,34378099,Posted: 20 August,all,Dubious Warlock,"""The greatest battles are fought in the mind""The experience the game gives you is unlike anything I have had before. It's tense, brutal, beatiful, terrifying and perspective changing. I really felt immersed in it. The audio was amazing and the voices truly sourround you and feel right beside you when playing with headphones.  For the price and the experience you walk away with i'd recommend this to anyone who is looking for an intense, fresh perspective changer.  Amazing work Ninja Theory!"
76561198023017126,Recommended,414340,34377989,Posted: 20 August,all,Guillaume,"Really good experience !The sound design is amazing when played with headphones, and the global atmosphere is just breathtaking.Graphics are really good, but i found some textures to be very lowres.Would recommend anyone to experience it !"
,Recommended,414340,34264907,Posted: 15 August,all,fRAUTZ,"Combat is decent , puzzle's are fine , story is intriguing ,Senua is one of the most unique game character of all time. Definetly an amazing experience."
,Recommended,414340,34134291,Posted: 9 August,all,Farlo,"Heads up -  This review is pretty much me raving about how great this game is, prostrating myself before it in all its glory.At 3.5 hours in, this is easily the best game I've pre-ordered on Steam. It may even be one of my favourite games, period. The character detail, lighting, and motion capture are the best I've ever seen in a game, and coming from a 3D artist, that's saying something. I haven't finished the game yet, so take this with a small grain of salt, but I am supremely impressed so far.At this price point - and level of quality - I was expecting maybe a 2-hour experience with very simplistic combat. I bought it for the visuals and atmosphere more than the gameplay anyway. However, upon playing through the first couple of fight sequences, I found the combat is a lot more complex than I imagined, with a full combo system including short thrusts, heavy swings, kicks, punches, sidesteps, combat rolls, and leaping-sprint attacks (all of which flow flawlessly from one pose to the next, with different poses for different combos - again, the mocap and animation blending is incredible). While a lot of the combat sequences do become rather samey over time, there are a few different enemy types that help break it up a bit, and the boss fights are epic on a scale that rivals Dark Souls, in my opinion.The game also features a system that will wipe all your progress if you die too many times, which I actually think is a pretty cool idea, because it makes the combat feel a bit more intense, forcing you to actually care about being hit and strategise a bit more.If I had to complain about anything in this game, it would be the sort-of-sluggish player movement, which makes traversing large areas a bit of a chore, especially if you have to go back and forth searching for clues to solve puzzles. Another very minor thing I'm disliking is the obnoxious glowing runes that float in the air when interacting with lore objects. They tend to break the immersion from the incredible environments and lighting. I would have preferred it if they were just engraved symbols that lit up briefly when you touch them or walked near them.All-in-all, it's a fanstastic visual experience with surprisingly satisfying combat and intelligent puzzles, albeit with slow player movement. At this price I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,414340,34263630,Posted: 15 August,all,Cpt. Zadro [CASF],"If you're not psychotic by now and hearing voices all over again, you're definitely after playing this!Best immersive, athmospheric, brain damaging game i've played so far.""Watch out. Behind you!"""
,Recommended,414340,34276253,Posted: 16 August,all,Suky,"A rather short, but great and unique story driven experience of suffering and psychosis.You know you can expect some ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥if the very first credit you see in the intro is for a psychosis consultant.The basic premise of this game is that you are a person suffering from psychosis, making you hear voices, halucinations, constantly twisting your mind.GraphicsThis game is absolutely gorgeous, with exception of texture quality. The lighting and the effects are superb, the character looks absolutely incredible but the world textures are not quite on par in terms of resolution. I don't know if the game auto limited their size/quality but the settings were cranked to the highest it would go (very high) and you can clearly see the the lack of crispness when you look at them a bit closer. From the distance they look great but it's when the character is close to a wall or a floor is when it's most obvious.The game also has a photo mode which let's you position and frame the camera however you like and apply some preset grading and some stylish effects. Despite the dodgy textures, I spent a lot of time in photo mode taking screenshots because the game just looks amazing.GameplayHere is where some might be turned away by this game. It is a very story driven game and the gameplay revolves around finding symbols in the world to unlock gates, activating ""narration beacons"" and some combat.The game doesn't tell you how to do anything and it's mostly figuring it for yourself but you quickly get the hang of what to do since it's the same task just different locations/symbols.The doors are sort of like puzzles. You have some symbols (runes) on the door that keep them locked and you have to find patterns in the world that resemble those runes to unlock the doors. It's not that hard to find these locations, the game even starts showing bunch of symbols in the air around the areas where those symbols are.The combat only happens in predefined ""arenas"" and it's quite simple but satisfying. You have your basic light/heavy attack, block and dodge. There's not that many enemy types but each enemy has it's own set of moves and does require a slightly different strategy.There's also this thing called ""focus"" that is like some special ability that fills up when you attack/dodge/block and it slows down time letting you go berserk on the enemies.There are also boss fights and I wouldn't say that they were neither hard or easy. They have a few stages and won't make you frustrated in any way if you know what you're doing.The game has this ""if you die too many times the game restarts"" thing and I think that is the reason why the combat and boss fights are rather simple and not too hard to beat. I died only once in the game and it was in one section where your vision is distorted and for some reason the game turned me in a wrong direction. But if you want to make combat harder there is an option to do that.StoryI cannot say how realistically this portrays psychosis but seeing the dev blog they consulted with experts on psychosis and even portrayed things that actual people with psychosis experience. Heck, the part with symbols and runes is from people actually mentioning how they notice patterns in real world that make sense to them.The game points out that it's best played with headphones and you really should. You constantly hear voices talking in the back of your head, questioning your decisions (or you questioning them), always making you uneasy. They would often mock you for showing weaknesses but would then scream to go back as you go further towards the danger, into the darkness.I don't want to say too much about the story as it's pretty much all spoilers but I think it's pretty good and it did make me feel uneasy at times and making me panic in situations where there probably wasn't any reason to panic.ConclusionIn the end, if you don't mind games that revolve heavily around the story and have fairly simplistic gameplay you will most definitely enjoy this game. And if you like to take game screenshots, this is heaven for you."
,Recommended,414340,34275908,Posted: 16 August,all,EK2,4k performance is outstanding:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iquFxdrG9sQ
76561198028693053,Recommended,414340,34201802,Posted: 12 August,all,Jötnar,"I don't review games terribly often but I'd heard complaints that this game was too short and combat was lacking.If this game was any longer it would've felt drawn out. It's about a 9 hour experience if you go very slowly and struggle with the puzzles (me). The combat is by far the most enjoyable part because you have control and can relax compared to the rest of the game. The increasing variety and number of enemies scales well with the story, up to the nearly endless finale.Making a game that addresses schizophrenia and also has enjoable deep gameplay centered around mythology probably wasn't easy. there aren't many games like this out there. I pgot it on sale for 20 something and that's where I'd value it. If you get a change, play it."
76561198128794076,Recommended,414340,34283916,Posted: 16 August,all,Victor,Worth every penny. Awaiting more ... :)
76561198018939765,Recommended,414340,34189093,Posted: 12 August,all,Chrome_Oo,One of the most interesting games I've ever played.
76561198007867487,Recommended,414340,34136489,Posted: 9 August,all,Buck,Just started playing this game and it's amazing.  Engaging .. the environments are breathtaking.  Combat is fun.  So far so good!
,Recommended,414340,34316833,Posted: 17 August,all,Draco_Platina,"Runs pretty well on a very outdated FX-8350/970GTX, though the first time I died I honestly thought it had crashed. Smooth except when reloading from death, pretty much.Competitive gamers should give this one a pass. Included in this class are those that do their first playthrough on the hardest difficulty.As someone who usually plays on normal or easy my first playthrough so I can experience the story without a hitch, this was right up my alley. A good pair of headphones is recommended, and playing with just stereo speakers is likely to be a huge reduction in the experience.If learning the controls through experience frustrates you, probably also give this a pass. There is no (even initial) ""Press x for light attack,"" ""hold shift to run"" style instruction, at all. If that idea is absolutely terrifying to you, I suppose you can pop into the menu to view the controls. Overall, the learning curve without isn't bad at all, and it is rewarding to figure things out for yourself.In the same vein, there is no heads up display. Well... there's the voices, but you shouldn't always listen to them. The game does not feel at all hindered by the absence of the traditional information display, and does a good job of conveying information in other ways.The more you can immerse yourself in this game, the more you will get out of it, and it has a lot to give."
76561198038412350,Recommended,414340,34196616,Posted: 12 August,all,Finnfal,A great game to sit back and enjoy the journey. Dont buy this if you are looking for combat but for the experience the Dev's wanted you to have. At which they did an amazing job.Sidenote: Play with headphones as stated quite often -> it's worth it!
,Recommended,414340,34219923,Posted: 13 August,all,Jennii,"Absolutely incredible, breathtaking game. I'm trying to think of any other game I've played with a psychological element anywhere remotely near this and coming up with nothing. As a person who has personally experienced psychotic depressive episodes, I appreciate the attention to detail the game developers put into their research on this - consulting with neuroscientists and those with mental illness. There has been nothing about the game that feels like a hack or cliched. I'm equally impressed with the story and stunning graphics. This game is absolutely worth picking up.My one comment to those debating getting this game: the story feels like a leisurely stroll when it begins. It makes the psychological stuff as the game progresses all the more disturbing that way."
,Recommended,414340,34214561,Posted: 13 August,all,Countess Báthory,"This game so far has been an astounding experience. The graphics is breath taking and when combined with the excellent sound quality results in an immersion level like no other. The combat feels and handles great even though it has nothing new to bring to the table (Fast strike, Hard strike, block & dodge)."
,Recommended,414340,34223496,Posted: 13 August,all,Nick,"Hellblade is a simple puzzle/action adventure game that appears shallow on the surface, but after spending 8 hours to complete the game's story, I was left with an unforgettable experience that tastefully sheds light on a serious mental illness and does so with beautiful visuals, fantastic sound design, easily accessible gameplay, and a strong overall presentation.A few minor technical issues and some odd game design choices keep this game from being a masterpiece, but for $30, Hellblade is a must play.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GUc2Ja2-Hw"
76561197993075882,Recommended,414340,34248871,Posted: 14 August,all,Terranaut,"Completely immersive. Immersive visuals, sounds, story, characters, settings (historical and mythological), combat, and puzzles. The puzzles were novel and visually satisfying. Everything served the purpose of the story and the character's psychosisThe game is shortish and easy but immersive and satisfying. And dare I say a little educational."
76561198295838756,Recommended,414340,34244030,Posted: 14 August,all,Bane Ghass,GotY. Enough said.
76561197963458191,Recommended,414340,34269907,Posted: 15 August,all,LaserRaptor,"i hate you guys from ninja theory for making such a great intense game.i love the fact that there is nothing to do, except for senua's mission.at some point during the end, i felt so sorry for her......i am a little bit depressed now.keep that♥♥♥♥♥♥going, but please make it a bit longer."
,Recommended,414340,34201528,Posted: 12 August,all,Frexter,"So eff'n brilliant!Keeping an eye on this game a while before it launched made me intrigued.Not too excited, but intrigued. The combat looked dull, and the gameplay in general, but I can give those things a pass if the story is good.To my surprise, the combat is actually REALLY satisfying. The boss fights are also really badass.The puzzles aren't as awe inspiring, but they serve as a way of taking in the atmosphere, and giving exposition.And my god is this game worth looking at. The graphics are probably the best I've seen in a game.The sound design for Hellblade was very clearly a major focus - and it shows. Playing with headphones is a must, as it enhances the experience tenfolds.The storytelling is mesmerizing - both from cutscenes to listening to small stories about norse mythology.Throughout the game, you really do start to feel like you're a part of Senua - which gives the story so much more of a punch.In just a couple of hours this game became one of my all-time favorites.I hope it does well for the developers - art like this deserves to be rewarded!Edit after finishing the game:I am so blown away how good this game is. The acting, the story, the presentation, the topic it covers, is all done so ♥♥♥♥ing well.Please ♥♥♥♥ing buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198192016789,Recommended,414340,34276165,Posted: 16 August,all,ScVMax,A good story is just enough.
76561198081286098,Recommended,414340,34257758,Posted: 15 August,all,GregNet,You can do this...FOCUS.....FOCUS NOW!!
76561198093060708,Recommended,414340,34113074,Posted: 8 August,all,The Devil You Know,"Hellblade creates a perfect depiction on understanding an illness noone else can see. Though the combat is simple, I felt Senua's emotions as she fought for every second of her survival. If I didnt give up, neither did she, and I think thats what I enjoyed most out of this game, above visons one can suffer through, along with an outer and inner journey one must face to become truly human. The concept of along for the ride doesnt exist for me as I found myself actually immersed in nordic lore and in a destiny the Protaganist with a troubled mind has to face. If you dont enjoy immersive games and only want to play something that gives you off the rail decisions, look elsewhere, because this game will take you into another world not meant to be explored or created, but understood. The feeling of your character slowly rotting away from gout that spreads the more you make mistakes to obstacles in her path that slows and can potentially stops her journey completely. Do you choose to truly experience a journey or are you someone who only cares about a games mechanics? The choice is yours. The fact that the developers took the time to understand the mental condition proves to me that they werent just looking for another ""Playable"" game, but for players to really get into someone elses mind and understand it. Ive been through some of the things this character experienced, and it is not a pleasant situation. Thank you Ninja Theory, you didnt take my money like the rest of them. You earned my money."
,Recommended,414340,34113189,Posted: 8 August,all,The Realest G,"Incredible visuals, phenomenal story and storytelling.I would be very surprised if this doesnt get game of the year.In conclusion buy this damn game now!"
,Recommended,414340,34263628,Posted: 15 August,all,Penclick,I'm a Viking.
,Recommended,414340,34269120,Posted: 15 August,all,Karolis,WOW... It's been a long time since I've played game that good.
76561198038794279,Recommended,414340,34269515,Posted: 15 August,all,Ryan87704,Great story and one of the best sword fighting games I ever played.
76561198123475979,Recommended,414340,34269379,Posted: 15 August,all,Erectosaurus,"For those who loves story driven games, Headphones are a must, the game left me speechless when it ended, just wow"
76561198315301233,Recommended,414340,34247508,Posted: 14 August,all,Bad_Lobsters,"I wish there was a ""I might recommend this game"" button. The game is not bad, not even close to it, but it is a very particular kind of game, and it has some major flaws. The game itself falls more under puzzle than action in my opinion, but there is a fair amount of combat. I bought this game the day it came out, and although it only took about 8 hours to finish, it took me until today, 6 days later, to finish. I'll talk more about why that is later, but let's start postive. The game itself falls more under puzzle than action in my opinion, but there is a fair amount of combat.-The game is gorgeous. I had to play on low graphic settings in order to run it, but it was still one of the prettiest games I've played. Senua is amazingly animated and major props to Melina Juegens for her performance. The atmosphere throughout the game was impressive as well.-There is some very nice music at different points in the game. Unfortunately, this is not present throughout the entire game, but there is a reason for that.-The voices. There is a reason it should be played with headphones, your ever-constant ""companions"" feel incredibly real as you journey through this game.-The story. This game is, to put it bluntly, simply an intricate movie rather than a game. That means it needs a good story, and Hellblade does deliver. The concepts it deals with are complex, and the game does a good job with the material.However, as mentioned before there are some major flaws. The biggest of which is the combat.The combat in this game is not good. It can be downright aggravating at times. There are a couple enemy types, but none of them really stand out from one another, they're all a version on big man with weapon. There are several bosses, only one of which provided much of a challenge (although difficulty is a subjective concept). Enemies take far too many hits to take down, and bosses provide very little indication of remaining health. There is a dodge button, and it works...for the most part, however if you're expecting much control over your dodge don't hold your breath. There is also a lock-on mechanic and it was the bane of my playing experience. You can lock on to whatever enemy you want to fight, but it can be difficult to tell who you're locked on to if there is a clump of enemies. If you are hit by a different enemy than the one you are locked on to, you will switch to your new attacker. The axe in my skull is a good enough indication that there is somene behind me, I don't need to swing around as well. There is also a mirror that can slow time if you hit your focus button, it's not really explained and took me a little bit to realize I had.With the combat being the way it is, fights can quickly go from tedious to hair ripping irritation. There are several fights throughout the game where there are 5 or more guys on you, the camera jumping around makes it difficult to focus and I found myself mashing buttons furiously without really thinking, just wanting it to end.The game is also very slow, which is why it took me so long to finish, I found myself getting slightly bored after spending more than an hour playing.It is a game I'm glad I experienced, but I'm not sure I'll ever play it again. It's not too expensive, so try it out, it's certaintly interesting."
76561198013890088,Recommended,414340,34145666,Posted: 10 August,all,greywolf,"This game is certainly not for everyone, but it is intriguing in its own way. i didnt enjoy the game, but i cant bring myself to give it a bad review either since it was a new and confusing experience. I honestly still dont know what to think about it after beating it and that could be a good thing...it definitely makes you think."
,Recommended,414340,34249227,Posted: 14 August,all,Mattcm919,Twas Good
,Recommended,414340,34278185,Posted: 16 August,all,Lovable Luciferian,"Hellblade is a very immersive RPG with some unusual themes.  The combat is good, the story is great, the sound design is amazing, and the overall experience is excellent.  The only major drawback is the relatively short amount of game time.  You can get about 10-15 hours from a single run through and the replayability isn't very strong.With all of this in mind I still highly recommend the game."
76561198129733167,Recommended,414340,34196837,Posted: 12 August,all,predictability,"I saw the trailers for this and thought it looked like a thoughtfully put together and interesting game. After buying it I was very impressed by the graphics - it really is visually stunning. I didn't manage to get much more than an hour into game play though because despite taking motion sickness tablets beforehand, I started to feel really ill due to the auto movement and focus. It was a slow start, but I'd have liked to have continued to see how it progressed if the focus and movement hadn't been an issue for me. Had to refund because of this. I'd recommend it for the graphics"
76561197970832996,Recommended,414340,34448611,Posted: 23 August,all,BEA§T,"This game is purely awesome… just finished it and I love its graphics, originality, everything. Maybe as a DS fan, fight wasnt that hard, even at Normal diff, but all aspects are really nice. Great work. (still only 13/14 achievments)"
,Recommended,414340,34453320,Posted: 23 August,all,Vienticus Prime,"What can I say about Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice that hasn't been said already?Well, a lot actually.The game starts off by warning you that the game deals with psychosis, and my first thing to tell you is that you should probably look it up because it most likely means something different than what you think it means. But before I can tell you about the game, I have to tell you a little about myself.I suffer from mental illness and deal with psychosis. I had a period in my life a few years ago where I really went off the deep end but somehow managed to find my way back to reality on my own... or at least I think I did. Playing this game was something that was extremely difficult to start doing, and once I started, it felt somewhat disturbing in that I was experiencing symptoms again. However, I found this game more cathartic than anything. Playing this game made me feel like someone understands what I deal with, and not just someone who's lived through it themselves. It made me feel not so alone in the world while I was playing it.There's a popular YouTuber named Rags who said in his review video that a drawback of this game was that it didn't have replayability. I must say that I have to sternly disagree with him. If you haven't lived through this experience in your own life, then you didn't pick up on everything that the game offers. This game is absolutely flawless in it's portrayal, from the helplessness you feel with the controller at the beginning of the game to all the little details, including how Senua moves her eyes. These aspects you will most likely take for granted your first time playing the game. Sure, you'll acknowledge it, you'll understand why things are the way they are in the game, but you won't feel it. That's why any good movie needs to be watched at least twice: the first time so you can figure out what's going on, the second so you can better put yourself in the characters shoes.There's a video that comes included with the game that talks about what the developers did in order to make the experience the way they did. If you want the full experience of the game and to better understand what people with this condition deal with, then I suggest that you play through the game, watch the video, and then play through the game again.But for me, Senua is so relatable, I have to question whether or not this game is real.Enjoy."
,Recommended,414340,34180951,Posted: 11 August,all,the ganja bus,ive recently had trouble filling my gaming void all of the recent 9/10 ign rated games have felt lacking and empty but this grabs you by the♥♥♥♥♥♥and is like go save the person you love its ♥♥♥♥ing crazy i was laughin at myself playing this game because youll be walking along and have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yelling at you and you just cant think straight with all these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥questioning you its awesome though.ive just finished the game its sick AF seriously do ya self a favor chop a fat mix smoke dat♥♥♥♥♥♥and play this game so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome havnt played a better game since the witcher 3 and the witchers story wasnt as tied together so well as this.9.5/10 cooked me way too much combat couldve been tad les repetitive
,Recommended,414340,34488853,Posted: 25 August,all,MrWearyPanda,"Well this is my first game review, so a little nervous here but what the heck.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrificeis a game that screws with your mind and leaves you jaw-dropped.The story grasps you at the begging and doesn't release its grip until the journey ends just to leave you stupified and hungering for more. I completed the game in 11 hours, a bit too short. It's deep somewhat confusing and scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ add the great, graphics, sound effects and gameplay to it and you've got Hel out of a Game :P The Combat mechanics is very good but not great. Dark Souls Franchise fans will not be happy. You can change the combat settings to make it a real challange , but it still gives you a feeling that something is missing.The visual of thegameplay and scenes is astonishing. That doesn't mean that you will not find glitches during your gameplayI found many by the end of the game yet the final impression is amazing. Combat cinematics in some battles reminds me of the Witcher 3 but in my opinnion the graphics here is far much better. To control the game I recommend using gamepad rather then keyboard+mouse and wearing the headphones; it will blow your mind.Story 9.5/10Graphics 9/10Audio OMG/10 - Ninja Theory please take my money for soundtrack.Gameplay 8.5/10Well, I can easily say that this is the one of the best games I've played in 2017.Can't wait for DLC to this one."
76561198001251133,Recommended,414340,34494676,Posted: 25 August,all,Sledge Hammer!,"WOW, I loved this game! I'm usually a run & gun type player, and don't go for hack & slash button mashers, but the photo realistic graphics pulled me into the story. And this is a pretty gripping story. Once I started playing I put all my other games aside until I finished this one, which is rare for me. The depiction of Senua's psychosis was intense, especially when you're wearing headphones and those voices in her head sound like they're in YOUR head. I urge you to get this game and support these developers. I can't wait to see more games from them."
,Recommended,414340,34490901,Posted: 25 August,all,DefunctRabbit,"I'm not going to write a Pro/Con list for this game, simply because it would be too overwhelmingly one sided. Hellblade is an amazing game with a story and an atmosphere that will sucker you in all at once. Being inside the head of somebody who has schizophrenia is a new experience for me and I wasnt expecting the state of mind it put me in. Not really knowing whats real or whats not. Questioning every twist and turn, expecting a big reveal and realizing that you cant tell what the reality is was a rollercoaster of emotion.I highly recommend this game. 12/10"
,Recommended,414340,34486332,Posted: 25 August,all,Sherlock Kush,"To call Hellblade a video game is half correct, better explained it is an experience with gameplay elements - the combat and puzzles.You play as Senua, who has an extreme case of psychosis, and you experience her fight with this psychosis throughout the entire playthrough. It is a magnificient lens into the world of disorders and offers great insight while at the same time being an enjoyable game based on Norse/Celtic mythos.Some people say the combat is too repetitive and unchallenging but in my opinion it was perfectly fine, it rewards good parrying, it feels good, and looks good, and the game is not about combat. It's about Senua's journey.Which leads me to the next topic, Melina Juergens, both a video editor for Ninja Theory and the voice actress for Senua. Which i think is funny, she worked for them in two ways, anyways, she did an unbelievable job, her performance was stellar. Great acting, great emotion, great everything. You really do feel for Senua she does such a great job portraying her.This game will most certainly go down in Sherlock Kush's hall of fame as it pulled me in and entertained me so much.I most definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,414340,34474691,Posted: 24 August,all,The Butcher of South Bressia,"This game is one of the most genuine games I've every played. There are no jokes to distract from the message or story. If you can look past some janky combat, you will find a beautiful game with a more than engaging adventure. I honestly don't think there is another game like Hellblade."
76561198092501353,Recommended,414340,34474888,Posted: 24 August,all,jaysend5.0,This game is incredible. The atmosphere is unlike any other game I have played. Very good story. Very unique.I have very very nice studio monitors I game with but for this game headphones were reccomended and I concur. The sound and dialogue through a good headset is out of this world.If you are on the fence. GET THIS GAME!
,Recommended,414340,34478842,Posted: 25 August,all,gl0b35qu@tt3r,This isn't a game. It's an experience. One not to be missed!
,Recommended,414340,34456648,Posted: 24 August,all,King Jizzard & Future Wizard,"If I started with cons, I could say about minor technical, sound and graphics problems. Such problems came only due to relative small budget. In fact, that's the only problems of that game.Other people also could say about boring riddles, boring combat and even unequal narration.  Ok, then.Riddles.Riddles imo are as varied as they should do. Remember, that you're playing a girl with schizophrenia, and all the riddles exist only in her head. Psychosis shouldn't be very fun and exciting, is it?Combat.Well, combat imo is pretty nice, but simple, though. As simple as combat in Souls games, for example. Maybe combat in Souls is more perfected, but Souls games are action games. Hellblade is NOT AN ACTION at all.Combat in Hellblade is as complex and foes are as smart and varied how as they should be in such kind of game. And MAYBE bosses should be more diffucult (pretty nice bosses, though, even if we tried to forget about Souls games for a minute - these games are all about multi-stage bosses with complex tactitcs), MAYBE foes should be more smart (trying to attack 2 or more at the same time, or trying to beat you while you can't dodge, or at least trying to get behing your back). Maybe. But ya know what? ♥♥♥♥ that ""maybe"". The only reason why combat in Hellblade is not such nice as in those same Souls is because Souls are dozens-of-hours action games, and Hellblade is 8-10 hours game... and it's not an action, goddammit.Let's say it again. It's not an action game, it's an INTERACTIVE MOVIE. Umm, although with some combat scenes and riddles, to make your journey into the psychosis more varied.But the main sense of this game is about trying to show us that feeling, when you are a little (not a little, actually) out of your mind. It's a really private, dramatic story with strong psychology. It's a bit mind blow, a bit crazy, a much scary, a much tense, a monstrously grim and a tremendously grievous. Some say it's like Silent Hill, especially SH2. Maybe, they're right: I haven't played yet. But THIS game, this ""indy blockbuster"" is such an interesting, such exciting and intensive 10-hour ASMR binaural journey into deeps of someone's mind, with it's fears and guilt feeling, that I wouldn't recommend this game to any person who wanted to see here some new Souls-like or DMC-like game.But if you like that feeling, when nothing wrong should happen right now, but you're all the same sitting up there, thrilling and shaking, and wondering what happens next, behing that another door, it's your game.P.S. And for those who managed to see final credits (I hope on your PC, not on YouTube, you scum): did you were crying or at least dropping a single tear when this song started? What? No? Well, you a lucky guy, cause you'll never get a heart attack. Cuz you seem don't have a heart at all. You heartless ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,414340,34491286,Posted: 25 August,all,face,"Thank you Team Ninja for making this awsome game. Having followed it's progress for almost a year I was glad to see that It was not a hype. The story is rich, the character deep and awsome, the graphics very nice. Intense battles. The permadeath is a nice touch.Please continue making games. Game industry follow."
76561197992669567,Recommended,414340,34491281,Posted: 25 August,all,Zazim,A amazingly good mid tier game. Deff worth the money and more! This game beats most AAA titles out of the park!
76561198016723327,Recommended,414340,34765577,Posted: 5 September,all,Tinivuel,This is art.
76561198034385160,Recommended,414340,34765642,Posted: 5 September,all,Ronzed,"I played this game out of sheer boredom.  It was dark, it was night time, I used really good headphones to make the sound more personal.  I'm going to be really honest... This game made me uncomfortable in ways I haven't been in a very long time.  This game brought things up that I had thought I had forgotten.  It took me for a tumultuous ride that I couldn't look away from.  This game is beyond amazing."
76561198008754286,Recommended,414340,34767276,Posted: 5 September,all,Ungentle,"Take the advice at the beginning and throw on the headphones.  Get immersed. It may not be the best fighter, its not an RPG, it has reminicent pieces of the tomb raider reboots and horizon zero dawn.  I've heard comparisons with Rise (nope).  This is a unique piece of storytelling, and its emergence at the same time as Hardcore HIstories ""The Celtic Holocaust"" is providential.  Scary, beautiful, powerful and worth every cent you pay for it."
,Recommended,414340,34483065,Posted: 25 August,all,Gerroh,"Puzzles, horror, and action. But this game goes so much further. It aims to accurately depect mental illness, and delivers an experience unlike anything else.The combat flows so well and looks so good you'll have a hard time convincing yourself you're not watching a cinematic.The puzzles are unique and challenging.And the horror segments leave you feeling completely helpless, teetering on the edge of doom."
76561198317696462,Recommended,414340,34762882,Posted: 5 September,all,Kirbzzz,This is a beautiful RPG game. It gives a very in depth view of psychosis and very Rich gaming experience. You can see the research that was put in the gameplay and scenery. This is amazing. I've learned so much about psychosis just by playing this game. how deep it can be for just one single person
,Recommended,414340,34116385,Posted: 8 August,all,HAri,"This game may not be a challenging game for those who looking for combat only. But for those who are interested in a good story with just enough combat, this is for youThe visuals are stunning which I never expected it to be. The combat is relatively easy. But what drives you is the fear of losing all your progress, which it will if you fail several times.The voices may seem ok at the begining but as you progress it becomes creepy AF.The puzzles may or maynot confuse you, but its easy once you get familiarised with the game.The only problem so far is the camera control. It isnt that easy , especially when using a mouse.Overall its a good game and my money was worth it,"
,Recommended,414340,34318635,Posted: 17 August,all,Maycon,we need more games like this
,Recommended,414340,34643070,Posted: 31 August,all,king spodey,One of the most unique and emotional games I played in a long time. Please support Ninje Theory and buy this beautiful gem they made!
,Recommended,414340,34688611,Posted: 2 September,all,(r4g).n4 == r0k,"Incredible, an unconventional story tied to the whole incredible representation, this was an exprerience from beginning to end. Hopefully this sells like hotcakes and publishers learn from the example. Ninja Theory, you all are amazing."
76561198012807058,Recommended,414340,34696911,Posted: 2 September,all,Destroyer91,Really enjoyed playing this game. I loved the whole idea of playing a character who suffers from a mental illness and I think the development team did an awesome job putting you in Senua's shoes as she goes through her journey. The game must absolutely be played with headphones to get the full immersion. I liked that there was no HUD and that the controls were very minimalistic. It really made you focus on the story itself and how immersive the environment was.The only thing that I disliked about the game was that I got through it so quickly but I would definitely recommend this game to others thinking about buying it.
,Recommended,414340,34694738,Posted: 2 September,all,Hairy Viking,+Atmosphere+Immersion+Performance+Graphics+Combat system (it does get easy quickly but it's very enjoyable)-Replay valueAn excellent game with an engaging story. The norse lore that is shared throughout the game is beautifully narrated. I specialy loved the atmosphere and immersion; play it with you best headphones you won't regret it. I look forward to see more games in the genre.9.0/10 would buy again
,Recommended,414340,34698252,Posted: 2 September,all,BearCobos,1. Hear crazy voices in my ear.2. Gets attacked by demon thing.3. Dies because there was no tutorial.10/10 would go insane again
,Recommended,414340,34402292,Posted: 21 August,all,Kyo,"So let me start like this :) I bought this game not knowing what is it about. And it F4CKING  blowed my mind.This is amazing experience, so well done, so pretty and so ♥♥♥♥ed up.For me this is one of the best games i played.9.9/10The only minus i have i was a bit bored at the beginning but i kept playing and i am glad i did."
76561198084626927,Recommended,414340,34702824,Posted: 2 September,all,Vade.Mecum,"I finished this game almost entirely in one sitting. The story line was unique and had genuine moments that really drove the emotions of the player. There were moments that had great tension that were accented nicely by the atmosphere and voices. The music was well written and greatly appreciated when it arrived. The combat is skill based as opposed to luck or weapon building.There were also some aspects of this game that grew to be tedious. Finding runes to open doors could get annoying quickly. It feels like the combat could have been worked on a little more; but as this game is supposed to be story heavy, it is understandable that this would be the case. The cut scenes could drag in some places and can not be skipped. This makes the game time in any follow up run throughs just about as long as the first."
,Recommended,414340,34334976,Posted: 18 August,all,ZeroZeroQuatre,F12 : The Game.
,Recommended,414340,34323237,Posted: 18 August,all,Kazakhstan,"A bit artsy fartsy at times and at first it's a bit hard to get into. But once you're in, you're hooked and can't stop until you've finished the game"
,Recommended,414340,34768938,Posted: 5 September,all,exirpit,"Absolutely an amazing game, it has been such a long time since I just sat down and enjoyed the experience a video game can offer, but then Senua came along and blew my mind.I'm not the guy who writes the most intense reviews, but I believe this is what a video game should be like. It might not have the fancy mechanics of other games, but it truly nails the immersive and storytelling aspects, which is what I look for in a game.Props to the guys at Ninja Theory for making such a great game and representation of the mental illness psychosis. Also beautiful acting and loved the Norse Mythology lore.""Prepare yourself for Ragnarok, for it is nigh...""https://youtu.be/cwGrDlv5wok"
,Recommended,414340,34776773,Posted: 6 September,all,Afterim,"Of all the games I have loved and hated, this will be my first review. I feel compelled to write one because the game has impacted me on a deep and personal level. There are very few games that have been able to get inside my mind the way Senua's Sacrifice has. The developers of this game have presented a level of artistry, music and sound in a way that has far exceeded my expectations. Hellblade has conveyed the horror of mental illness in a way that few games, if any, have been able to do and it has used this relatively new media (that we all love) as a tool to paint a picture that has allowed me to take this disturbing journey. And at the end of it all it I am changed me in some small way. Usually we play games to forget our reality. To step into the shoes of some hero or villian and to walk the path of another world that has been born from the minds of the artists and musicians who created it. The path I walked in Senua's Sacrifice was frought with terror and anguish. It is what I wish more games were like. The level of immersion is breathtaking. The sound engineers, voice actors, and the actress who played Senua are on another level. The introduction into the game is one of the best I have ever seen. From the moment Senua paddles to the land of mist and fog and stands on the beach, looking at the bridge to Hellheim is just awesome. Watching the water roll onto the beach and listening to the distant screams of terror is something to behold. I could have stood there for hours watching the fetid waves crash on the sandy beach...The game follows a strict path but does a masterful job of making you forget that, because it focuses your attention inward toward a darker place of endless torment and boundless suffering. If you are a gamer that needs to explore the cracks and crevasses for nuggets and rewards, or who needs an endless horde of enemies to best, then this game might be a disappointment. There is no leveling up, no rewards, no HUD, no indicators of any kind...and no hope...Perfect.Thank you to the Gods who made this game. I will sacrifice someone on your behalf shortly...-wd"
76561198017009918,Recommended,414340,34658999,Posted: 1 September,all,kinGSton,The games ambience is on it´s own level and the graphics are one of the most beatifull for games that i have played. Amazing soundtrack and voice acting too. Combat is quite simple.
,Recommended,414340,34279208,Posted: 16 August,all,KLB,"This is my first steam purchase review... this is what this game has done to me. I literally couldnt reccomend it any more to everyman and his dog, incredible purchase, incredible story, amazing gameplay. comes with a full feature film which i'm going to watch tonight. Couldnt be happier. the only downside is the game is over. Really hope an extension of the campaign - or side missions get released."
76561198047194421,Recommended,414340,34278746,Posted: 16 August,all,morrisot,"I usually don't write reviews, but I love this game.  Puzzles are interesting and fun, combat is well done, and the story and graphics are out of this world.  The integrated video and cgi as well as the audio (use headphones) are terrific.  The Norse and Celtic mythology is also a great addition.  The game is short, but powerful.  Highly recommend."
76561197966411808,Recommended,414340,34670580,Posted: 1 September,all,Capt.  A.Wesker,Very immersive and thrilling game! Really enjoyed the journey you take as Senua.
76561198151345090,Recommended,414340,34670662,Posted: 1 September,all,AL big'uns BUNDY,"Great game with a very unique style.+great visuals+playing as a mentally disturbed protaganist is well done+a few areas border on horror survival levels of tension-except for uninteresting collectables, there is little replay value.++++ ITS ONLY $30, AND ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT."
,Recommended,414340,34667370,Posted: 1 September,all,Voxxer,"Fantastic acting, good and disturbing story. Combat was either easy, hard or watch-youtube-to-even-be-able-to-compete-hard. Best solution would've been ""loose enough, darkness takes over and makes you superhuman for a while"", that way you can try until you fail, but still be able to move on. Permadeath is not a good player experience in a story driven game.Soundwise; I listen to a lot of ASMR, so the whispers wheren't that troubeling. Got a whole other understanding of schizophrenic illnesses and reflected on what horrible times it was before modern medicin.Just as separating the two halves of the brain creates a disparity in the mind, there is clearly a correlation between schizophrenia and the brains ability to be cohesive. Just as different moods might represent different brains/personalities that rise to the the acting part of the consiousness depending on their ability to provide desired results.So yeah, the game was really good...."
,Recommended,414340,34670230,Posted: 1 September,all,Lord Corgi,"Despite the games brief and minimalistic fighting encounters, very linear storyline, trivial puzzles, and limited collectibles, Hellblade's lore and story dislodges your mind from reality and soon you'll find yourself on the road to Hel. An outstanding game to understand psychosis."
76561198144583255,Recommended,414340,34670843,Posted: 1 September,all,XskodeMedia,"by far the best game ive played in 4years.very rich in story, solid game play, great visual effects, amazing and skilled writters, awesome director, unique level designers, Game designer did very very great, and the sound guy took music to a whole new level of story taling!This game is very well designed and the fighting makes a hack n slah action game feel completely new, fresh and unique!!this game is so fun, on point, freshm unique that I seriously didnot stop playing until I beat it!!The puzzles in this game are very creatative and fits the game perfectly. and the chanlleging level for them is chanlleging but not hard.Ninja Theory has always created REAL ACTUAL GAMES! (a lot of AAA game companies needs to play this game and take many many notes!!!) and Ninja Theory decided to take their game to a high detailed and level.This is a master piece.Great job Ninja Theory, I can't wait to see what you all will make next!10/10 (this is actually the first game I ever gave a 10/10 rating)"
76561198262680171,Recommended,414340,34675025,Posted: 1 September,all,Playfultay,"best game i've played in a long time, its worth every dollar spent.buy it <3"
,Recommended,414340,34116551,Posted: 8 August,all,jbowman2112,"As an older guy that dosent have the reflexes to play these kinda games I will say what I saw looked great but after getting killed for 3 hours by the crow guy I am giving up. Story was awsome, at least what I got to see of it.Bummer. recommended I guess.Got a chance to watch a full playthrough on Twitch, would pay 29.95 to watch playthru again. Absolutly one of the best stories I have seen in a Video Game, there were actual tears during the ending.Outstanding!"
76561198096577752,Recommended,414340,34664728,Posted: 1 September,all,aj46202,"A fantastic game and one that i would highly recommend. It is a highly imersive and well thought out game. Amongst one of the most enjoyable games ive played. Although many have complained about the simplistic combat, i personnally found that i loved it. The movement from each blow both given and received was amazing, and to see Senua becoming tired after repeatedly using heavy strikes or when you have taken one to many hits was also refreshing.My only real gripe is that upon completion you cannot replay through particular sections, you have to start from scratch. Hopefully this will be something that the developers will look to fix in a future update."
,Recommended,414340,34243522,Posted: 14 August,all,Granbeezy,"Absolutely stunning, speechless. Masterpiece!"
76561197985389578,Recommended,414340,34343946,Posted: 18 August,all,Ivory Spider,"There's so many levels I want to review this game on, all could be rated very highly exclusively on their own but they culminate here to create a truly unique and immersive experince that is a marvel of wonderful stroytelling. The world is beautifully rendered and created, even the scenes of horror have an underlying elegance to them that you can't help to appreciate. The motion capture, and especially facial captures for Senua herself, are so realistic and and fluid you can read every emotion going through Senua simply by looking at her face. The sound, particularly the voices and minute auditory cues given from the environment, are so well thought out and implemented I appreciated this game on an auditory level that I've never experienced before.The gameplay, while not ground-breaking or particularly complicated, had a simple elegance to it that allowed enjoyment of the game without distracting from the storytelling or environment. The combat specifically was kept simple but fluid: strikes, parries, dodges and guard-breaking kicks, make for a system that is un-cluttered easy to learn and with just enough depth to feel satisfying when you string it all together succesfully. The overall mood and setting of the game was well-established and allowed you to immediately get lost in Senua's world and experience it with her. It's dark, it's gritty, bloody and raw but it also has a beauty that Senua holds close and allows herself to experince when she feels at her lowest points. It binds together struggle, defiance, despair, loneliness, loss, hope, victory, and strength in just the right mix to keep you fighting without ever thinking this is a hopeless journey.This game is scary, in some parts downright terrifying, but not in the traditional way that some games have achieved this such as Amnesia or Outlast. It grips you in an anxious hold that has you holding your breath and fighting back a rising panic as you continue to push forward. These are not jump scares or cheap thrills, it's an oppressive feeling of powerlessness that you must overcome at several points of the game.Most importantly though is the story. Simply put: It's brilliant, thought provoking and entertaining. Senua's story is equal parts heart-breakingand inspiring. The pacing reveals key elemnts of her history and who she is as a person in such a way that new developments satisfy your curiosity but always leave you wanting to know more. Senua herself is an amazing character, so well thought out and believable, that it's hard not to feel for her and her situation. Quite important to note too is that while Senua is not a character defined by her psychosis but rather a character full of personality and life who is living with a psychosis that has influenced parts of her life.  It's exciting to say that I learned so much in playing this game, not just on a scientific or historical level about psychosis, celtic myth and culture but also on an empathic level. The game brought with it an understanding of how another person can perceive the world and that even if I can't see it how they do that doesn't mean there's anything wrong or broken about their reality. It shines a light on mental illness and psychosis in a truthful and often-times brutally honest way that I think very few other mediums have achieved.This game won't be for everyone, achievement hunters, high-score heroes and those in search of a fun time-waster to fill your evenings will probably step away disapointed. For those in search of an amazing story, fascinating character and beautiful visual and auditory experience then this is a gem."
76561198011695827,Recommended,414340,34338748,Posted: 18 August,all,Netscape Navigator,"Soooo, you want a fun game to play, huh?Me too!I wanted a game that would tell me a story.I wanted something that would REALLY make me think about what was going on in and around me.I wanted a game that did not require a lot of grinding or monotony.I wanted something in the same relm as the newer Tomb Raiders.This game did that in Spaids, Play it, Love it, Live it.Also try not to die too much...."
76561198018684646,Recommended,414340,34262379,Posted: 15 August,all,Tyler,"This game is amazing. The graphics are absolutely stunning and the fighting mecahnics are simple and easy to use. I have played the game a lot and I really enjoy what it has to offer. Awesome game, recommend to anyone."
76561197980130832,Recommended,414340,34243472,Posted: 14 August,all,TheLesserWeevil,"More than just a game, an experience. Not for everyone, certainly not a game for those looking for just a game to play. Hellblade is an indepth and well written insight into the world of psychosis and schizoprenia, all wrapped in a beautiful and dark world.Well done Ninja Theory."
76561198344856183,Recommended,414340,34808273,Posted: 7 September,all,jadesnow,"I love this game just finish yesterday,,the story,dialogue,voice acting ,facial expression,combat and music etc. are so well done, the concept of the game is so awesome and unique that makes this game AMAZING! This game made my heart explode especially at the end in a good way of course. The story and immersion of the game, the voices in her head, no hudare perfectly fit to Senua suffering from mental illness.This game simply blown me away!"
,Recommended,414340,34786234,Posted: 6 September,all,johnpinky7,"What. A. Ride.  Just finished this, and I am stunned.  This was truly an experience.  If you don't mind walking simulators, do yourself a favor and play through this.  During your playthrough, make sure you stay out of the community screenshots, so many spoiler images without spoilers tags!Pros:-Graphics are amazing and mocap is extremely well done-Voice acting and sound design are spot on-The story was painful, I felt the sorrow of Senua and the agony she was going through-Photo mode, always a welcome addition-Many sources confirm the psychosis aspect is fairly accurate, I don't personally have it so it was interesting to see the symptoms and gain a small understanding of the problems associated with it.  It's truly tragic that people suffer with this disease-Full price is fair and game feels complete (nothing locked behind DLC)Cons:-Combat, it's basic and frankly just boring-Minor optimization issues, I had stutters and massive FPS drops when chunks of level was streamed in (even on SSD)"
76561198283932292,Recommended,414340,34802155,Posted: 7 September,all,sieeeeni,Hells yes I recommend this title!
,Recommended,414340,34704451,Posted: 3 September,all,[AlA] Ekibyo,puzzle game but great graphics
76561198030483002,Recommended,414340,34529970,Posted: 27 August,all,Shadake,"Play this game with headphones, get rid of all distractions, turn off the light and enjoy.Pros:Probably the best animations I have seen so far,Interesting and deep story,Very realistic design of a traumatized character,Freaky voices, amazing sound design,Great atmosphere,No bugs, zero lags, game was very smooth all the timeCons:Repetitive and long fights,Sometimes way too repetitive enigmas,Short"
76561198096056620,Recommended,414340,34243579,Posted: 14 August,all,Asche,The more you think about the story the more you gonna love the Game.In a strange way they tell a story about a topic no one wants to talk about allthough it is probably one of the most common illnesses in this World.  Wrapped in Nordic tales the whole story is just well thought through  and lets you feel how much effort the Devs put into making this game.THIS GAME WOULD EVEN BE WORTH BUYING IF IT WOULD BE A 60 € GAME
76561198039216852,Recommended,414340,34365367,Posted: 19 August,all,VIRTUS_VII,"This game impressed me with every turn. Each new puzzle and combat sequence more difficult than the last and the graphic/animation quality is beyond belief. Over the 3 hours ive played, i became attached to the main character and sympathized with her struggle against the voices in her head, the warped reality her own mind is putting her through and the loved one she is trying to redeem. truly beautiful story and immersive world to enter. BUY THIS GAME NOW. you will not regret it i promise you that."
76561198029176135,Recommended,414340,34844756,Posted: 9 September,all,Michal,"game is a bit repetitive from one POV, but from another POV it's a great game 10/10the immersion (mostly sounds, graphics too) and the combat are quite impresive"
76561198012072118,Recommended,414340,34239437,Posted: 14 August,all,Isonda706,A groundbreaking game!
76561198065243968,Recommended,414340,34839249,Posted: 9 September,all,smuge,"This game is definately 10/10. It tells a story about psychosis and does it really well. I´m still playing this and i´m already impressed what is going on, like... anything you see might not be real.  Graphics are relly great and i´m happy that some companies have perseption to bring a unique game like this in market. I´m really hyped what is coming up.And again 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34834411,Posted: 9 September,all,MonkeyZ,"The story of the game is qickly told. You play Senua, a celtic warrior that is searching for the soul of her lover. Her journey takes her to the northern underworld ""Hel"". The problem is, that Senua has mental illnesses and psychotic problems that causes you to hear voices in your head that are telling you what to do and just have a bizarre perception of the world around you.  Thats enough for the story without spoilers.The graphics and the settings are just gorgeous. It looks super realistic and the atmosphere is downright tormenting. Espeacialy with all the voices in your head, you always feel a little haunted. The sceneries are ranging from beautiful, but ♥♥♥♥ed up looking shores to dark, anxious and burning places in Hel. Even if not everything is scary and frightning, you never feel really safe and comfortable.You have to master the gameplay without any help of a HUD or something. The only thing thats helps you, is your psychosis and the voices, which provide your with little hints.The game is splitted into two different playstyles. In some parts you have to master some riddles or puzzles. Mostly its finding some celtic runes, that are hidden in the environment, to open a gate to the next section.For example: You have to find something looking like an ""F"" or a ""Y"". When you climb up to a little cliff, you can see the F in a stream of blood on the ground, when you look at it at the right angle. The Y is found at two sticks that you have to look at from a special angle again.The second parts are fighting parts. The game explains nothing about the fightingmechanics as well, but its very intuitive and easy to learn. You can hit, do a heavy hit, block and dodge. Its very basic but feels very amazing and fluent to play. The range of enemys  includes around 4 or 5 types, all with different fighting styles, plus the bosses.What is noticeable, is that even the very short gameplaytime (around 8 hours for me) doesnt feel that short. And even if the fighting and riddleparts and a little bit repetetive, it never gets boring and this uneasy feeling your have all the time, really gets you and binds you to the story. In general is the story one of the best i've played in a long time. The way its told and the way it ends, are kind of unique for me. Im really impressed with how Ninja Theory made this one.If you love a thrilling (Horror-) game with a great story and a very emotional touch, just buy this game and invest the money and in some qualityproduct.Total recommendation!!!!"
76561197998101938,Recommended,414340,34835412,Posted: 9 September,all,JordyBoothy,"I let my phone ring as I sat in silence during the end credits. You might think it's petty of me to inconvenience the caller like that, but the intensity of that moment doesn't come as easy as a conversation I can have later.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice draws parallels between Celtic mythology and mental health issues so brilliantly that you vaguely understand the minds of those who fear gods. You see how lies are a symptom of the truth. We construct bridges between what we see and how we feel, which we then use to decide how we act.(I don't want to spoil the game, so my pretentious-sounding ambiguity is practical here)Emotions aside, the story is the centre piece of Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. Gameplay jumps between puzzle solving and very basic combat, which can ramp in difficulty despite lack of variety in fighting mechanics. This works for me, as I already have games for testing my skill. That's not what I came here for.I bought H:SS for its amazing narrative, and I think you owe it to yourself to do the same."
76561198065567377,Recommended,414340,34364891,Posted: 19 August,all,✪Quiet hellcase.com,"I never write reviews because i don't it necessary.But this game, is something else.Senua's Sacrifice is nothing but a masterpiece.Story, Graphics, Design, Audio, Combat and everything.Most beautiful mixture of every gaming genre. i'm just out of words really.If you have 30$ and you want to buy a game you never regret having, Buy this.Best 30$ i've ever spend on steam, enjoyed every single bit of it with all my heart.10000% Recommended"
76561198070863827,Recommended,414340,34365393,Posted: 19 August,all,Tlyrik,This game has a great story and i love the combat in the game u should buy the game.
,Recommended,414340,34843491,Posted: 9 September,all,The Merino Marauder,"TL;DR:If you have mental illness or any curiosity about itplay this game.I don't often review products, but in this instance, I feel I need to speak as to the importance of some of the themes in this game. I suffer from severe anxiety and depression, so my experiance does not match that of those with psycosis but I feel this game NEEDS to be played by everyone. It is a wonderful and genuine representation of how mental illness can feel; of the paranoia and anguish that it can cause, but also the stength it can give those it affects.Senua's story gives context to a facet of society many never see and can helpb open the discussion of mental illness.I also feelthat through the Senua's embrace of her illness in the final scenesit provides inspiration for those with mental illness to brave the stigma and embrace their own illness as a part of themselves."
76561197964630977,Recommended,414340,34844600,Posted: 9 September,all,ezcalate,Probably one of the best games I have ever played. Not only the incredible atmosphere and sound but also the mind blowing story and unique psycho-feature make this game an outstanding experience!
76561198054379006,Recommended,414340,34239411,Posted: 14 August,all,Makoki,"So, i just played HELLBLADE for 2 hours, but i´ll allready write my first impressions down, jsut cause i heard and rode that it is not the longest game, just 10 - 15 hour, don´t know if thats true but i stopped playing cause for me it´s one of these games i never want them to end. So i just will play it for an hour or two every time i go into it. Anyway after that time i need a break cause i find it a very intensive experience and i need a rest from time to time for keeping me able to enjoy it the way it has to be enjoyed. And it has to! At least from every serious gamer with a peak of sense.It´s a real different experience to any other game i know ( and i know a lot of them XD ). The way to move, to play, to fight, what you see and hear, is unique.Graphicly i´s a piece of art!Sound is amazing!Combat feels realy cool, diferent but cool!Enviroment, setting and story...and just love them all ( ok, i was born in Copenhagen (DK), so i´ve vikingblood or DNA in me anyway so everythimg what has to do with this matter is mine from birth and i love and live it ) , in this game it´s set just so real and credible that it´s just a delight to be on that journey of madness, at least for me.And it runs very smooth, without lags, glitches or something like that. It looks realy amazing, at least on everyone of my 3 riggs where i us to play games. Ok, they are all 3 high end with 1080´s or 1080 ti, 32 - 64 gb ram and i7 5th or 6th generation.I just can recommend it a 100% for every gamer who has some kind of respect for himself and  his afiction.Good luck with your voyage!"
76561198077481308,Recommended,414340,34182948,Posted: 11 August,all,Eyther,By far one of the best story-based games I've played thus far.Truly an immersive and emotional experience. I thoroughly enjoyed Hellblade from start to finish!10/10
,Recommended,414340,34315471,Posted: 17 August,all,Mozillo,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an outstanding game that had me quivering with fear and anxiety forcing me to put the controller down, but after I did that, all I wanted to do was pick the controller back up and keep playing. Just after my heart has stopped having a go.PROS+It's freaking beautiful, man.Hot damn, does this game look good! Yes, it's mostly dead bodies. No, I don't have a thing for dead bodies. Lighting effects and the fractured world you walk through looks SO NICE.+Combat and killing things feels so satisfying.Again, I don't have a thing for dead bodies, who told you this? The combat system is very simple but very fluid. It is tight, if tightness were a measure of combat. It can be very nail biting and getting in the sudden parry can make you feel like a master of arms. Two whole arms.+It sounds so nice!Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice has some outstanding sound design. Not only does the soundtrack add so much gravitas to scenarios but Senua has voices in her head, voices in your head, that add so much to the game.+It's surprsingly scary!Well, not scary scary. Nothing jumps at you, but it has a general scary vibe to it that boils underneath the skin and means you'll never feel truly safe. Unless you find safety in being surrounded by dead bodies. No!+Norse Mythology is cool and interesting!There are cool and interesting audio logs, I guess, about relevant bits of mythology from The Northmen. This stuff is both just kind of cool, but the Viking raiding culture and how they treated their slaves added so much to one of the characters. Hot damn.Cons-The Graphics are a little unstable!This may be an issue almost unique to the PC platform but the framerate does change a fair bit. This can also lead to the entire game's audio being slightly out of sync. Senua's mouth no longer speaks her words to any logical sense. An enemy will shout it's attack AFTER you've already parried it. It can sometimes be bloody jarring.-The combat goes on for too long!As much as I loved the combat there were times where I felt like I was searching for a golden fleece, not the soul of my dead beloved. Enemies never stopped coming, when you struck one down another would just take its place. A never ending corridor of enemies, just constantly coming. Then you die and you have to start over again. Oh no!Hot damn! It's a wonderful game! The puzzle aspects were wonderful and interesting and the long mythical ""save deleting"" death mechanic just adds more tension to each death, and fits in thematically with the game! I also don't know if it actually happens or not. Oh my word!More thoughtshere"
,Recommended,414340,34279860,Posted: 16 August,all,Snoozer,"nice puzzles, a simple yet good combat system and a great story... can recommend. if you don't like permadeath, then backup your savegame folder"
,Recommended,414340,34326337,Posted: 18 August,all,ArchDrone,"This is an incredible game. A gripping experience that is nicely paced. And for $30, I should have paid $60 for it"
,Recommended,414340,34349517,Posted: 19 August,all,Sirius4srs,"Initial Impresssion Review: Everyone should play this, those with mental health scars and those without alike.(this reveiwer has severe mental health struggles and works as an advocate)Initial reaction of first long cutscenes:The graphics are absurdly good. Granted, my rig can play on the highest settings. But they blow me away. Like people thought Avatar was when it pioneered the 3-D movie level of good.I really like how the mental health advisor for the game was among the first in the opening credits.YOU MUST PLAY WITH A DECENT SET OF HEADPHONES in order to get the full experience. I have some fortunately.Setsuna has a lot more voices at once than I have and they seem all of them more focused on her and her progress than some of mine have been on me. But it harkens to real life.This game did JUST come out this month. But I'm hoping it will do a lot for helping people understand what it's like living with a severe mental illness.Some of it initially draws on just plain old internal dialogue which should help everyone relate at least a little before it gets *too* nightmarish for mere neurotyoicals to handle. It does ramp up after this though.Highlight: There was a good line later on, affirming but not glorifying. One of us wrote it; I know this. It was an allusion and an illusion; of fire. We all are staring at different horizons, it said. Some further than others. Some may not be able to see the things that I see, but there's nothing wrong with seeing things the way I do.Never had a game like this before, never one that didn't portray me as either some hellhound bent on destruction or a walking tragedy until the inevitable endtimes. This one is neither, but walks the line between them both and transcends it. I'm different, but not bad. This gives me hope. The Bioshock series is generally my favourite game series, but this may have already surmounted it. The message is too important. I just really need to thank the entire team behind this game. There are not words to express my gratitude that this game exists."
76561197971574225,Recommended,414340,34492527,Posted: 25 August,all,silence_by_wire,"Fantastic game! It is a linear story but with a lot of depth and experiences i had never before in a game, It is not about gameplay it is about experience. Get it and enjoy your ride through the darkness."
,Recommended,414340,34576925,Posted: 29 August,all,[SmOoTH]*deLta foRce*,"What a game ! the story, the music, the graphics, and most importantly the idea behind it. I had such an amazing experience. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,414340,34584962,Posted: 29 August,all,WonkoTheSane,"A wonderfully unique game!It does a bad job of explaining a few basic things, it was an hour before I checked the pause menu and realised there is a run button and a block button! That said, given there is absolutely no UI or HUD, I found it incredibly easy to get the hang of it. It helps that certain actions such as interact aren't very picky about which button you use on a 360 pad.The combat seems basic and menial at first but doesn't take long to get more interesting, again you're not told anything, but there is plenty to discover combat-wise if you're willing to experiment or just button mash. After a couple of hours it felt damn epic taking on multiple enemies. The dynamic difficulty does an excellent job of making you feel like you're at the limit of your skill most of the time and the couple of times I came away unscathed made me feel totally badass. My only complaint is that there isn't more of it or some sort of arena minigame so I can go at it again without having to play through the main game again.The puzzles felt a bit obtuse a couple of times, I was properly stuck twice in my playthrough, once right at the start because I simply didn't quite get it. and once around the mid point where I spent the better part of 20 minutes wondering aroung trying to find the solution. The first time, I found the solution pretty quickly, but the second, I had to look up a solution to prevent boredom setting in. That said, the puzzles all make sense, they really are just a matter of changing your perspective which really fits the narrative.There were next to no technical issues,, performance was totally solid apart from the occasional bit of stutter in cutscenes and gameplay that I'm pretty sure were just the engine streaming in more assets (this only seemed to happen when entering a new area) and one point near the end where this stutter caused a slight desync between character speech and lip movement, but it resynced itself after about a minute. To be clear this stutter was a couple of dropped frames every hour or so, nothing to write home about and nothing that detracted from my experience. The game  ran at 100+ FPS for the entirety of my playthrough. Of course, your mileage may vary, but as far as I can tell this is an excellent game on PC. For reference, I played the game off a 2TB Hard Drive, not an SSD, with an i5 4690K, a GTX 1080 and 16GB of RAMThe story itself is the main selling point for me. The tackling of mental illness doesn't feel tacked on or preachy. It feels more like a vehicle to meld together all of the game mechanics with the story and turn something that could have been very boring into an epic adventure. There were multiple points throughout the 6 or 7 hours where I had to stop and take a break due to the emotional impact or the sheer sense of unease/fear this game illicited in me.Buy this game, if you are looking for something different, satisfying and surprisingly deep combat, or if it looks at all interesting to you. You won't regret it. I certainly dont!"
76561197960524366,Recommended,414340,34589069,Posted: 29 August,all,bo,"Amazing artwork, amazing immersion, amazing Game!"
76561198052564046,Recommended,414340,34611144,Posted: 30 August,all,St. Mad,"highly recommended! I love the game, was on the edge of my seat the whole time! Amazing and with a good cause in the meta!"
,Recommended,414340,34549582,Posted: 28 August,all,bignight007,"This is a story based game, in the same way Firewatch was more story based with the obvious differences.  If you enjoyed Firewatch you'll enjoy Hellblade.This is a game you'll replay over time."
76561198130028525,Recommended,414340,34604362,Posted: 30 August,all,Lui Fyre,10/10 story and graphics
76561198157782507,Recommended,414340,34657182,Posted: 1 September,all,greenyeti89,This is one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,414340,34325712,Posted: 18 August,all,Ritz,I think I'm Insane now. 10/10
76561198027878159,Recommended,414340,34349176,Posted: 19 August,all,Gavinwulf,"I love this game!If you like intriguing story and atmosphere, buy this game. It has simple combat and many puzzles. Many reviews and hype have talked about the excellent portrayal of psychosis. I want to also say that I want more games with these ancient settings and worldviews! The setting is vaguely reminiscent of a lovely gem on xbox live arcade called, Bloodeforge. Give me more Celtic/Norse, Iron/Bronze age stuff!Congratulations Ninja Theory for putting out a top notch product with a vision and reasonable price. For making gaming more than just mind-numbing entertainment to line your pockets, but instead, truly creating a piece of art."
76561197993971285,Recommended,414340,34440428,Posted: 23 August,all,matt1982brown,"This is not a game its a cinematic master piece!love it, its a mental health rollercoster!best game ive played in years!"
,Recommended,414340,34493514,Posted: 25 August,all,nOT RATIONAL,100/10
76561197976328686,Recommended,414340,34555777,Posted: 28 August,all,Disturbed koba,Awesome game. Great Puzzles / boss battle great too... / some of the best graphics on pc.
,Recommended,414340,34556157,Posted: 28 August,all,xcrt1zevlr4,Fascinating and addictive gameplay. Very unique and fantastic way of storytelling combined with pretty grapics... And it just for 17.99 USD. I think it's worth every cent
76561198037650671,Recommended,414340,34571507,Posted: 29 August,all,Metrodomus,My favorite game of 2017
76561198058100305,Recommended,414340,34616564,Posted: 30 August,all,flintchesthair,"Why doesn't this game have more hype. This is the best story driven game I've played since the origional Bioshock.I binged ti in about 5 hours so not exactly a long game, but worth every minute. The sound is amazing. Put it on an SSD to avoid stutters. 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34627101,Posted: 30 August,all,🐾Peaches🐾,"This game was an incredible experience from start to finish. It's an amazing amalgamation of story, combat, emotion, desperation, and even some survival horror (some parts can be pretty scary). The sound design was incredible, and they weren't goofing you when they said this game must be enjoyed through headphones. The troubled character wasn't a complete badass (although she was still awesome) and showed a realistic level of weakness when faced with adversity or things beyond her control. While there isn't a whole lot of replayability or choice, this game and potential franchise is WELL worth the $30. In fact, I'd personally say it's worth even more than that. Not only are the animations very well done but the graphics and special effects are amazing and truly a treat for the eyes. My only criticism for this game is the prevalence of ""make the shape"" puzzles, which can get mildly dull after a while, but that is quickly forgotten when you find yourself in your next battle. Oh, and there are bossfights. The bossfights are lots of fun.I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who likes vikings, mythology, and brutal and bloody melee combat."
76561198282894420,Recommended,414340,34887998,Posted: 11 September,all,Wizerd,BEST STORY GAME
76561198036046001,Recommended,414340,34893904,Posted: 11 September,all,keeif,holy ♥♥♥♥
76561198039057992,Recommended,414340,34940665,Posted: 13 September,all,LongTooth,"This is geniunely one of the best games or better yet experiences I've had in this medium ever. It's beautiful and thoughtfully crafted. A true testiment to what inspired, smart and dedicated developers and designers can create when they set their mind to it. I hope other companies and developers look to Ninja Theory as an example.All I can say is thank you."
76561198080831542,Recommended,414340,34951781,Posted: 14 September,all,lorne0048,Wow crazy awsome.Game of the year for sure.Crazy price.This is a $80.00 dollar game.This game is a steal.Put headphones and get lost in 3d sound.Using headphones kicks the excitment up another 10 notches.Buy this game now brfore they raise the price on it.
76561198236049394,Recommended,414340,34279828,Posted: 16 August,all,ivonnangelus,"intense and beautiful, nothing quite like it. this is a pure single playthrough experience, and without any filler content, tbh i cant believe they sell it at half an AAA game price, if this is what a middle size/indie dev can do, i hope all the other industry could follow, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t maze or empty open world, you want to do a story, do it like this."
,Recommended,414340,34571060,Posted: 29 August,all,Russell Crowe,"A very immersive narrative experience, don't expect a hack'n'slay, but a great puzzle game with some combat thrown in"
76561198166271556,Recommended,414340,34711622,Posted: 3 September,all,óskar krónan,f*****************************************************************************************************************ing awesome but i only got 7-8 hours wich is a downside but still one of the most epic game ive played
,Recommended,414340,34555391,Posted: 28 August,all,beauglethall,This is definitely one of the most intriguing games I've played in a long time.The devs absolutely succeeded with their vision.Don't let this game pass you by if you can help it - and use the best headphones you have access to!
76561197977507860,Recommended,414340,34955126,Posted: 14 September,all,dekay,"Awesome game, truly spectacular atmosphere and the voice and acting along with the mo-cap are second to none."
76561198022479267,Recommended,414340,34891976,Posted: 11 September,all,alinpopescu86,"This is the game with the most powerful psychological experience for me. Everything contributes perfectly to the dark and twisted experience: audio, visuals, colors, effects. Really recommend playing with headphones."
,Recommended,414340,34893211,Posted: 11 September,all,Jolly Barnacle,It's a true masterpiece.
76561197970507908,Recommended,414340,34941452,Posted: 13 September,all,jdrosen,"This game is a masterpiece.It delivers an experience unlike any other game. It brings you into the mind of someone who suffers from deep psychosis, and takes those pyschoses - visions, voices, symbols and colors in the air - and turns them into a world for you to explore. It layers on top of that a great story of a heroine on a quest to retrieve the soul of her beloved, fighting her way to the bowels or Norse Hel to find him.The visuals are stunning - some of the best mocap put into a game to date. The sounds set a new bar for immersion that audio can deliver, with an innovative biaural audio which requires a headset to experience. The voice acting is stellar and top notch.If there is any weak point, its gameplay and combat which is fun and really good but not ground breaking. The puzzles are pretty neat, tasking you mostly with finding visuals in the environment which match symbols required to unlock doors. The combat is fast and fun, and the boss fights (especially towards the end) are really solid. There is not a lot of enemy diversity, no weapon choices.But the game is not about that. This game is about delivering a cinematic, immersive experience that provides emotion, fear, sadness, and joy. And on that front, it is a home run. In my view - a contender for game of the year and absolutely not to be missed."
76561198141227226,Recommended,414340,34348992,Posted: 19 August,all,jj.m,"Hellblade: Senua s Sacrifice is a game which I myself must recomend! The combat is great, the story fantastic, the audio, music and the voices are phenomenal! The game also looks great and is placed in a real fitting dark setting in the mind of Senua! The combat could be a bit hard for non expierienced players but if you are a fan of dark souls you will love the hel(l) out of it! Straight up 9/10 game! Would be 10/10 if some of the puzzles would have been even more interesting since that can be slow at certain paces!A total must buy from my side!"
76561198064928657,Recommended,414340,34374338,Posted: 20 August,all,AlphaBahamutUY,"An emotional rollercoaster.Beautiful yet horrible... Lovely yet terrifying...Ambient, immersion, music, sounds, story, voice acting.THIS is how you crate experiences beyond a game.10/10 - A work of artPS: Headphones is a must to really enjoy."
76561198131390918,Recommended,414340,34577524,Posted: 29 August,all,Havoc,"Ive waited since the first E3 showing for this game and it does not dissapoint at all. The music on the boss fights was outstanding, super original  concept with a pretty flawless execution. A decent bit of walking and puzzles, combat is fan F**8kntastic, great story line and tellings of norse mythology. Highly Reccomend please support these guys!"
,Recommended,414340,34493124,Posted: 25 August,all,TheGinger28,The best game I have played so far in 2017. The game has a rich dark atmosphere and handles in-game audio in a unique way that benefits immersion and gameplay. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a linear story rich game that can be completed in 9-10 hours. Just make sure you put on your headphones. Hellblade has looking forward to the next project from Ninja Theory.
,Recommended,414340,34763684,Posted: 5 September,all,Aazatgrabya,"Incredible, just incredible."
,Recommended,414340,34803150,Posted: 7 September,all,Or,"A heartful experience that sheds light on the stigma associated with psychosis. All I can say is despite some gameplay flaws, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,414340,34613610,Posted: 30 August,all,pu3t,"A game with a incredible atmosphere, a thrilling scenario until the end.And even if the scenario is its main advantage, the fighting part are pretty good, a good balance between story / puzzle / combat."
76561198300031641,Recommended,414340,34625654,Posted: 30 August,all,Pulp_Fiction,"Masterpiece, support these devs so they can continue work like this."
76561198078487920,Recommended,414340,34711175,Posted: 3 September,all,srd0991,Awesone game....
,Recommended,414340,34422944,Posted: 22 August,all,Azazel,"This game is absolutely amazing. It's graphics are great and I'm stunned my computer could run them, when my computer crapped out on me with the newest Hitman game.The lore in the game is on point with Viking and Northern mythology and the scenery too. It's warming to see a game, or any media, give proper representation of these things.The sound in this game is beyond words, honestly. A good set of headphones is a MUST to get the full effects of it.Some people are complaining about the lack of gripping combat or puzzling puzzles, but I think the game is more like Firewatch or something along those lines, it's an explorative narrative that has the story unfold as you go along through the world in the game. As well as delving into the mind of a mentally troubled person, very well might I add.For what this game offers and NOT be a big Triple A game, it's incredible and would highly recommend it."
76561198069811860,Recommended,414340,34589194,Posted: 29 August,all,mathiesen,"Epic thunder sounds, 10/10, will play some more."
76561197970402624,Recommended,414340,34615528,Posted: 30 August,all,RagingDelirium,"Hang on an action/puzzle game with a plotand not just a basic game plot ,suitable for 5yr olds.A proper fully rounded, tragic adult plot.with a female protaginist!?!(It's like the developers looked at the anaylsts specification for successful game and chose to do exactly the opposite).I actually felt like, a AAA game this mature, would NEVER surface in my lifetime.Game of the year in my opinion (bettering even the mighty 'lone echo' & 'Neir')."
76561198048168366,Recommended,414340,34711022,Posted: 3 September,all,Gurev,Amazing game!
,Recommended,414340,34763690,Posted: 5 September,all,Jerdam,One of the best games i have ever played...no words
,Recommended,414340,34586071,Posted: 29 August,all,Gemanoneko,"Update:Finished the game. Wow. I mean, WOW!!!One of the best games I played in my life.Also, as an ex-Cinema and TV student I apreciate what Ninja Theory did with the media. Such games help humanity to evolve - no less.Old review:Love the game so far.However, I can't accept that game with permadeath have bugs that prevents me from moving during the fight.Third fire sacrifice (realm of Surt), just after the gate with 2 runes, near the ruined village home. Somehow I got behind the fire circle while running towards the gate. I could kill 2 enemies when they came at me, but couldn't stand against the 2 enemies together, since I couldn't get inside the fire circle - just got stuck at one place..."
76561198357648748,Recommended,414340,34665966,Posted: 1 September,all,Megzer,Definitely worth the time and $ - this game is amazing. The graphics paired with the audio immersed me so deeply into the story that I thought I was Senua. PLAY IT!
76561198002102502,Recommended,414340,34682572,Posted: 2 September,all,stealthman,"12/10 - for innovation alone.You have never played a game like this. It's depiction of psychosis is unique and in a way that only a game could draw you into. It's a one of a kind experience. It's pretty graphic and can be horrifying, so be warned. The amount of research that went into it, is mind blowing. Definitely watch the feature after you finished the game.Can't recommend it highly enough.People ♥♥♥♥♥ about the battle system and the lack of enemy diversity. I foudn it very nice, but it's definitely not what the game is about or should matter.If you're the kind who just wants to fight and skip the story, it's probably not for yo though."
,Recommended,414340,34831032,Posted: 9 September,all,Newton,"What more to say, there is nothing like this out there. It's weird, well made, creepy, scary, well made and an amazing experience."
,Recommended,414340,34519608,Posted: 26 August,all,Krim,"I have never had a game move me as much as this game has.  Every step of the way, I felt for Senua.  I struggled along with her.  And when her journey ended, I was blown away by the feelings induced by this game.  I do not normally review games, but I felt this game was just that good."
76561198021454127,Recommended,414340,35168472,Posted: 23 September,all,Double_0_Negro,"OMG! I never review games but this title is AAA quality at the fraction of the price of ""AAA"" titles that DON'T EVEN COME CLOSE to this. The sound is top notch, the attacks are meaty the clashing of metal is thick. Senua herself through animation and sound make you feel like you are exerting your own energy with every dodge, swing, and hit taken. The graphics are 10/10 for me I found myself ruining some scenes by pausing to take screenshots because I wanted to capture and show my friends only to be disappointed because video and picture capture just does not add up to the actual experience. as for the story, at first it is a bit overwhelming but the way it is delivered makes you desire for closure which equates to having more drive towards the end which is good if like me you get bored with stories if they start out with a huge bang and then fizzle out, the pacing is perfect. The controls seem stiff at the beginning and with no tutorials on combat you find yourself just mashing, but the enemies multiply and become alot more challenging and you somehow learn what is not being taught, finding yourself moving perfectly and nailing amazing combots and stun flawlessly. over all this is serious one of the best game I have ever played in my life, I took my time and got about 8 solid hours which could have been more because i think i only completed about 90%. I love this game and I am really amazed at what ninja theory did here.... lets hope for a devil may cry with this level of attention to detail! :)"
,Recommended,414340,34341967,Posted: 18 August,all,Petrichor,"This game is incredibe. I will never hold a game as close to my heart as this one. I have a mental illness, nothing compared to Senua's, but this resonates with me on such a personal level. I had a couple anxiety attacks playing this, but it will always be an expereience I will not forget. Incredible.I'm so appreciative of Ninja Theory that they put out a game that portrays mental illness, but not as a sideshow for entertainment. It's portrail is honest, and gives me hope for my own struggles. 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34229161,Posted: 13 August,all,stilz,A beautiful masterpiece.
76561197987025254,Recommended,414340,35226832,Posted: 26 September,all,Borstinator ♥ Squad,A masterpiece
,Recommended,414340,34135269,Posted: 9 August,all,AirJason,"A very different game from the makers of Enslaved and DmC, but also a very good one. This game is like no other. I found myself feeling physically uncomfortable many times throughout the game, especially due to the voices playing through the headset. The imagery and sound really portray Senua's psycosis very well. The combat is simple enough for a short game like this, but is still challenging and not overly difficult. I never died in combat, other than one encounter which was the hardest in the game, but towards the end of the game I was on the verge of dying almost every encounter. The puzzles were interesting and not too repetitive. The environments are very mysterious and unnerving. Overall an excellent game that I think anyone who is interested should play. As I said, it is a very unique game and it is not too long. Finished it the day after release. Game companies should do things like this more often ($30 high production value), so I hope this game gets the praise it deserves."
,Recommended,414340,34135542,Posted: 9 August,all,MIKE! THE TV!,This game is so different! I didn't realize I was doing a tutorial until I was half way thru it and there's no classic tutorial stuff. Its all intuitive and creepy and SO GUGKING HARD. Love this game.
76561198068924629,Recommended,414340,34135566,Posted: 9 August,all,MrZachTD,"Despite what a lot of people have said about this game, I really enjoyed the combat. The puzzles, I believe, could have been more intriguing, but I am not too worried about that. The story line of this game is worth every penny, even if I completed the game in only 7.6 hours, and that includes enjoying the scenery that this game perfectly executes. The game is very story driven, and you will fall in love with the story, and develop actual feelings for these characters.I would recommend this to all my friends. It is a must buy, and is one of my favorite games so far this year. Play it with headphones, and in a dark room. You will get fully immersed in the game, and at times you will be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself. I clinched my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a few times. I also recommend playing on a harder difficulty. I believe it gets you more immersed in the story.Overall, 9/10 for me. Look forward to the next one. Keep them coming guys!"
,Recommended,414340,34135135,Posted: 9 August,all,the_grassninja,"Really good atmosphere, really good sound. Playing with headphones is highly recommended. Game bounces between simplistic puzzles, simplistic combat, and being a walking sim. Story is interesting, puzzles aren't difficult while not being immediately obvious either, and combat has some depth despite it's simplicity.Movement in combat is terrible, though. Dodge only executes across short distances and in 4 directions, and sprint only executes straight toward whatever enemy you are locked onto. For most instances this isn't necessarily a bad thing, but in many late-game combat scenarios you'll find yourself facing off against multi-wave monster closets in very small spaces where enemies will frequently just appear behind you. Coupled with the camera, which can get caught behind scenery and completely obfuscate your view, some later combat sequences can be downright frustrating if you find yourself in a bad position.Environments are good looking, one in particular about halfway through was hellishly amazing. In one area about halfway though the game the framerate took severe dip (sub-20fps, heavy stutter) and persisted in that area even after dropping res/settings to Low/720p. After spending a few hours editing config files to no avail I ended up just pushing through and dealing with the poor performance, which eventually evened back out (1080p/60fps) in subsequent environments. Sadly, many visual options are all baked into two PP/VE option settings, meaning things like motion blur, film grain, AA, AO, etc cannot be toggled individually.Overall the atmosphere and presentation alone make this worth a purchase IMO, assuming you have the patience to push forward through some potential frustrations. Definitely a unique, albeit flawed experience."
76561197966645538,Recommended,414340,34135096,Posted: 9 August,all,nikolan,"Amazing mechanics, amazing visuals, amazing story. I've not played a game in a long time with a story that enraptured me so. I wish it were longer, but for now I'm excited to see what the ending brings."
76561197994570304,Recommended,414340,34973077,Posted: 15 September,all,little-god,"To those of you who criticize the price: 30 Bucks for 8 hours of game.Nobody, and I mean not a single person in the whole effing world was crying when naugthy dog revealed that Uncharted 4 has to offer 14 Hours for 60 bucks.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a beautiful and terrifying at the same time. Its combat mechanics and puzzles are strong, but its true strengths lies with its ability to tell a story and craft a world that differentiates itself from other titles out there."
76561198034678933,Recommended,414340,34978701,Posted: 15 September,all,FurGot,"==This is mid game review==I feel my heart devoided of warthm after playing this game. It is a piece of art aimed to move and think and sense the things inside it. If you've ever been in a bad place in your life, you'll feel what its like to be in the hard spot again, along with the tortured protagonist of this encoursed sensation.Saying that, the game itself is very much beautiful. The emotions on Senuas face are hard to describe as ""engineered"", since most of them were captured by the face recognition technology. Every stir can be seen clearly in the face, and it makes the experience more so immersive.The gameplay is down to the basics, where you run and interact with surroundings using one button. With a semi advanced fighting mode this might have not meet the expectations of ""rich gameplay"" seekers, but the content has been made into movie like quality, with interesting stories to be told.Although I still have not finished the game, I felt compelled to jot down how the game feels. It is dark, twisting and grim. You will , so far as I went, sense nothing but desolation and despair in the land you're going through. But through the journey, you will learn if it would be better to live with cold heart, or worth to plunge into hell itself.Watching the movies isn't as immersive as gaming, we know that.Although its... risky, there is only one way to find out."
76561198115498174,Recommended,414340,34970186,Posted: 15 September,all,Depression,"One of the most unique and beautiful-yet-terrifying games I've ever played. May not be everyone's cup of tea, though. Good story, great visuals, and gameplay good enough that you still want to play. Feels like a breath of fresh air in an oversaturated market where every game feels the same. Highly recommend if you want to try something new for once."
,Recommended,414340,34968900,Posted: 15 September,all,Def,"I can only recommend this game, in order for the developers to make more games like that.7h gameplay / auto-difficulty / story focused / few badass combats / designed as a piece of art / immersive nordic OSTThis is a must play :-)Please buy to support!"
76561198251388938,Recommended,414340,34967078,Posted: 15 September,all,richdow1717,"Been many years since I played a game and went WOW.Visually, aurally and psycologically stunning game.An absolute gem of a game if you don't mind a carnival of horrors on the senses laid out as a guided journey. No sandbox, no open world, no combat grind. But the world is far more engrossing then any sandbox and the combat is fun and meaningful when it happens."
76561198015566565,Recommended,414340,34984897,Posted: 15 September,all,Norien711,"I don't write reviews, but I think it is very important that you buy this game knowing as little as possible and experience it for yourself. You won't regret it and this game is better experienced without any previous knowledge about what will or might happen.P.S. - Use headphones while you play if you have them."
76561198057587186,Recommended,414340,34981256,Posted: 15 September,all,JustFir,Brilliant
76561197999003983,Recommended,414340,34987048,Posted: 15 September,all,camanimal,"Extraordinary.Long time Steam user, first time review - glad I saved my first review for an achievement such as this. It's rare that a creative undertaking is approached with such love and attention to detail that it transcends the medium. Every art form strives to do this, few succeed - sadly, least of all video games. Hellblade is a fascinating delve into the human experience, its a visual feast, the story is deep and intriguing, and the sound and music are next level. Plus it's badass to play. It is Bioshock: Infinite-level great. Buy this game to support more like it. My only complaint is that I wish it were longer, but that's more a testament to the mastery of the makers than a legitimate criticism. (Only other minor complaint is that the song over the end credits is heavy-handed and tacky, telegraphing the theme a bit too much.) Can't recommend this game enough. Buy it and dive in deep."
,Recommended,414340,34160695,Posted: 10 August,all,Austio,Brilliant. 10/10Only problem is it wasn't long enough. I want more.
76561198088734574,Recommended,414340,34806948,Posted: 7 September,all,AMexicanDrugDealerFromCanada,"My Thoughts on Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice(Conclusion at bottom if you don't want to read the whole thing)Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an atmospheric psychological story-driven horror-esc game where you play as a girl named Senua, a mentally instable woman living in a time of darkness, who is trying to rescue her boyfriend from the underworld. She faces many trials in this seemingly impossible quest, and you are the one guiding her through it.Now, Time to go over the positives and negatives of these three subjects: Atmosphere, Story, and GameplayAtmosphere1. GraphicsGood:The graphics are top-notch, with Ninja Theory using an innovative way with motion capture which allows them to review scenes real-time, instead of being processed by animators for weeks after the actual motion capture. The animations and facial movements in this game are the best I've ever seen, which is further complimented by the actor's amazing performance.Scenes are constantly changing, one moment appearing quite gloomy, suddenly to be filled with beautiful lights and astounding colors. It can truly take your breath away, filling you with appreciation as you look over the previously dead looking enviornments with new light.Bad:While the scenery does change, lots of the game is rather dark and slightly dull, which means that if a depressing style isn't your thing, you will be underwhelmed.Another thing about the graphics is that during combat, the angles can get very wonky at times, especially when you get knocked down.Score: 9/102. SoundGood:The sound is absolutely mind-boggling, and is one of this game's main strongpoints. Using binaural audio recording, the voices and sound have more depth than any game before it, marking a new era in gaming. This recording method is wonderfully put together with Senua's mental state and the fact that she has voices in her head.You can hear the voices from all around you, sending a shiver down your spine as they whisper right behind your ear, or filling you with awe as Norse lore is being narrated to you with a voice so strong and passionate! Headphones increase this game's experience a thousandfold, and are mandatory to embrace this game's full potential.There is nothing bad to be said about the soundScore: 10/10StoryDue to spoilers, the story section of this review will be rather short.Good:This game has an amazing story about love, self-sacrifice, endurance, and facing one's fears, all while being set in Norse mythology.Bad:The ending scene can be rather confusingScore: 9.5/10GameplayGood:The puzzles are unique, the combat has a good pace and is captivating while still staying simple.Bad:The puzzles sometimes require backtracking, and while they are unique, they can be rather repetitive. The combat is good, but it lacks lots of depth, which means that you will be using one or two combos throughout the entire game.Score: 6/10 (ouch)ConclusionWhile this game has it's flaws, including a lack of depth in it's combat system and repetitive puzzles, the story combined with the game's atmosphere, graphics, and sound, completely overrides it's flaws, making it not only a memorable experience but also an enjoyable one. $30 for an experience like no other is a great price, and I wholeheartedly recommend this game to youFor the overall score I give it an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,414340,34401731,Posted: 21 August,all,SwashBuccaneer,Great game and was fun to play through. Thought the pacing was a little off which made the game seem to drag on a somewhat despite completing it within 7 hours.An amazing experience and jounry and one that messes with your mind as much as the protagonist.
76561198038122589,Recommended,414340,35088274,Posted: 20 September,all,logan7228,"I want to start this review by thanking the team at Ninja Theory for putting together a truly unique experience. This game is immersive, well designed, unsettling, and heart wrenching at times. Play it with headphones. Let the game do what this game is meant to do; immerse you in Senua's world. Binaural sound is legit af. Everything about this pulls you in and that is amazing for a game that deals with the character's unique mental state and view of the world around her.This game feels real. Having completed it, I feel an immense sense of sadness and empathy for the main character and the pain she endures throughout this quest. I'm dreaming about this game and running scenes from it through my mind as I go about my day.I also recommend watching the video after completing the game.Hat's off to the voice actors and audio team, as well as the character actors. This game is better at telling a story than most of the movies I have seen in the last 10 years.Highly recommend this game.Could have been a little longer, but I only say that because I wanted to keep playing. Sadly, all things must end....On a technical note, one or two bugs were present. Nothing that made me regret the game. I see more bugs in FFXV and their dev team is practically the same size as a small moon."
76561198028583927,Recommended,414340,34216691,Posted: 13 August,all,MugenFuuJin,"This game is beautiful, the combat is fine and nice! the ambience of the game is beautifully made, the  puzzles are easy  that it doesnt take too much from the story. You get attached to senoa quite fast and you feel for her, she is not alone, you must help her."
76561198055463752,Recommended,414340,35094022,Posted: 20 September,all,Tuco,Solid
76561198296868542,Recommended,414340,34517864,Posted: 26 August,all,wilko2,"Not for everybody but i enjoyed the journey. Combat was a bit dark souls light and you can figure easy repetative combos to beat most enemys, but it was still fun. Good to see an (indie) studio show off some of the best real life graphics i have ever seen and the voice acting is brilliant. Dont expect hand holding especially when it comes to puzzles, but dont be scared either, the game is linear and you will eventually stumble on an answer if you didnt get it. Slow at times for such a short game by modern standards but well worth at least one play through. Also good to see ninja theory tackle a pretty taboo subject openly and sometimes brutally honestly.This is the first game i have ever bothered reviewinginteresting♥♥♥♥ the critics  8/10"
,Recommended,414340,34240835,Posted: 14 August,all,Bookenz,"Amazing experience to live through - I recommend it to everyone looking for something different, something more. Hellblade showcases the power and versality of the medium of video games.GO.BUY.IT."
,Recommended,414340,35139988,Posted: 22 September,all,Sicॐ,"Nothing can describe this game more than fear and magic.It's completely unique,and it also has the best sounds so far(the chants,the voices,even the music).It's worth every cent."
76561198076371038,Recommended,414340,34851138,Posted: 9 September,all,Twoolips,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a triumph in every sense of the word. Ninja Theory has crafted a game that is not only hugely compelling, but beautiful, horrifying and downright fun.The 8-10 hour play time might put some people off considering the price, which I would understand, however I cannot stress enough that those 8-10 hours are some of the best hours I've had in my half decade of gaming.One of the first things that hits you when playing is how stunning the visuals of the game are, as both the lighting and the character models are some of the best I've ever encountered while the world is built and designed in a way that is both old and new in such a wonderful way. The weather systems and wave mechanics are truly impressive. That said I did encounter some minor texture glitches, and some basic textures (stone, dirt etc) are fairly rudimental and tend to appear quite often but unless you're looking for them you won't see them.The heavy reliance on Norse mythology makes for an interesting background to the game and the lore (as it presents it anyway) is followed perfectly. The story itself is basic but is full of twists and turns, while the Senua's mental state play's a major role in messing with the player in a manner that is both horrifying and compelling.The combat is also fantastic, meaty, heavy, and up close and personal. You rarely ever fight more than two enemies at the same time, but there is still a definitive threat and unlike many other games I was regularly killed by normal monsters. There are also some fantastic boss fights, which are tense, frustrating, and deeply satisfying, as all but one required some serious learning to get used to attack patterns and how to counter them. The game takes genuine skill, you can’t just wade in and slash about like a moron, you have to be calm, measured and fight with purpose. Losing your head can easily get you killed. One of the the only major gripes I have about the combat are the relatively few different enemies, as including bosses there are only about 7 different types, however the 8ish hours of gameplay mean that you meet a new enemy type on a fairly regular basis. There are also some minor problems with the fact that if you are in the very edges of the combat area you might struggle to see because the camera tries to force its way into objects, like trees or walls. Overall however the combat is fantastic, think slower Witcher on hard mode and you’ve sort of got the idea.The puzzles were some of the most criticised parts of the game, but honestly, most of them were genuinely interesting to solve, and while I did have some moments where the game seemed to have solved the puzzle before I did, or I'd solved it and the game wouldn't accept it, I didn't have much trouble. While not particularly hard they did demand some mind bending logic, and one set of trials in particular set up nearly two hours of non combat time, which are genuinely enjoyable.There is no customization, skills, gear, or choices so if that's your jam I'm afraid it ain't here. Senua is however a hugely compelling and complex character, who you really root for during the game, so while you might miss being able to inject yourself into the game, you won't miss it for long.As far as glitches go, the only ones I experienced were very minor texture glitches and one instance where Senua was set on fire and then remained on fire for nearly an hour before I realised it was a glitch and not some abstract metaphor.The one major problem I have with the game is that there is no tutorial in any shape or form. There is a list of combat controls at the push of the esc button, but their usage takes time and players unfamiliar with ARPGs might struggle. Moreover I had a couple of instances where a new mechanic was introduced and I simply didn’t know how to use it or that it even existed. One boss battle adds a mechanic that I didn’t realise existed until well after I beat the boss. It’s worth noting however that sufficient skill will allow you to complete such boss battles without the new item, given an obvious difficulty hike.Overall, Hellblade is a truly fantastic game, which sits second on my list of favorites, sitting just shy of the top spot mostly because of the time/money ratio. It is a truly fantastic achievement, and a must play for any self respecting gamer."
,Recommended,414340,34520243,Posted: 26 August,all,Bunny,"This was a rare gem.  I haven't been wanting to game lately, saw someone playing it on youtube and decided to pick it up. Nice change from the ever growing shooter genre.  Good work !!!"
,Recommended,414340,34887516,Posted: 11 September,all,JFCTheDeadWalk,"To start this review off, if you read a negative comment on this game and they've only play 1-2 hours. Then, they didn't play the game for its purpose. Do not rush through this game, and don't get upset about the doors/runes. Watch the hellblade experience video and it will help you understand  why you are doing it and how it helps explain the psychosis she has.A lot of time and effort was put into this game and Video Editor/Producer or I could call a great actor ( although it stated she could relate through her hardships, positively she has grown from them and props) and directed it into an art and visual concept for others which was beautiful. I have to say to everyone who worked on this it is one of the best games I have played in a long time. it kept my fiance watching and me into each step. The visual concepts/graphics/acting all were wonderful. Through someone who has thier own darkness, it kept me impelled to drive further into her own darkness, and relating how you have to almost accept your darkness to become stronger; same goes for death etc and the concept of it as mentioned toward the end.The sound/voices were perfect and it was enjoyable to see how you made it happen. Great with a headset. Also, the music was great. Especially near the end on your last few fights.The lore was also not forgotten, enjoyable as well and nice to hear.In other words brilliant work, and thank you for doing something different, more immersive and mentally capturing.Great work :)"
76561198077610822,Recommended,414340,34165312,Posted: 11 August,all,akoman,"Very special and unique game, a perfect travelthrough the mind. Perfect story telling to enter in the Senua mind.Anyway is a very linear game but totally immersive, olso the game play machanic are simple but funny but the action part are not to much, but enough for what the game want to tell you. There are normal fight with multiply enemy and bossfight.Recommended to the user who want a profund story, not only a flippant gamer who want kill enemy over and over.For me is a perfect game 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,35093405,Posted: 20 September,all,BlackSymmetry,"Puzzles are great and unique, combat is epic and simple, story is incredible, voice acting is superb, triple A graphics, takes about ten hours to complete, only 33$. Instant masterpiece for me. Play with headphones for the best experience."
76561198028989585,Recommended,414340,35090453,Posted: 20 September,all,Notlob,This game will mess with your mind.And you will like it.
76561198047283124,Recommended,414340,34157646,Posted: 10 August,all,A Lemon Cupcake,It may be frustrating at times but this is a journey unlike many you see in games now a days. combat is slow until the half way mark in which it picks up quickly. Not much replay sadly but for the thirty dollars i spent I dont regret making this journey with Senua.P.S Use headphones the game tells you to but they make the experience infinetly times greater.
76561198069865044,Recommended,414340,34226174,Posted: 13 August,all,Michael,"Great experience, satisfying combat and immersive atmosphere."
,Recommended,414340,34226199,Posted: 13 August,all,[RD] Slayer,"While the game only took 8 hours to beat, the story of it was awesome. Well put together graphics, audio, motion capture. To give an idea, the main character has mental issues and this is part of her battle with them. Would totally recommend."
76561198027886222,Recommended,414340,34238317,Posted: 14 August,all,MrHornetHero.,This game is simply incredible.. no words can describe it.. you will have to listen to the story youself!
,Recommended,414340,35090737,Posted: 20 September,all,Faux Pause,"the easy place to begin with hellblade is how beautiful it is. this cannot be overstated. treats to your eyes and ears when you play with a headset on.with that being said, this game is not perfect. although i do not mind playing a linear game, this one is so much so that at times it can be frustrating since the world is so rich it seems real, it creats a dissonance when senua cant do something as simple and ""real"" and climb a 2 foot stoop. the restriction limits exploration, which is a shame when you are inhabiting such an amazing world. and i get that that is part of the experience, the confused feeling i'm associating with psychosis, at times makes the game difficult to play, in a way that makes it hard to digest in large portions, hence not having completed it quite yet. then at other times, hellblade breaks its own immersion by having me hunt around the map to match a rune to an object. this quickly becomes annoying and is really needless, as it doesnt move the story, improve game or is particularly fun. i'd much rather collect something real, or have an actual puzzle to solve because these types of things tend to come off as lazy and their repetitive nature leaves a bad taste.i read a different review  onlnie about saying this game aimed to be a ""two A game"" and i think it hits that.-EDIT--i dont like writing reviews before i've finished the game, so this is just a placeholder to remind me since i dont do it that often in general -other thoughts:""hellblade 2: senuas salvation"" with the same level of detail in regards to audio as with visual, but in a VR environment would be incredible. to add visual hallucinations on top of auditory would be rad. maybe a hint of eternal darkness sprinkled in. i would love to see ninja theory explore the idea of psychosis further in this way**written before completion, so i guess i dont know whats going to happen to senua maybe she'll be saved"
76561198385300805,Recommended,414340,35329358,Posted: 30 September,all,Gambit,"Absolutely brilliant game. very engaging. Story is compelling all throughout the game, puzzles and fighting balanced enough so as not to get boring. Graphics are a work of art. I loved it, highly recommend and am looking forward to a sequel!"
,Recommended,414340,34113582,Posted: 8 August,all,a festive hat,"Updated: from 1.7 hours of playtime at initial review to game completion2nd update to reflect patch 1.02TL;DR: Story-driven game that excellently portrays psychosis and the stigma associated with it.Pros:+ Fluid combat+ Attention to sound and environment (USE HEADPHONES)+ Excellent story+ Acting and body capture well done+ Level design is excellent, especially considering the linear storylineCons:- Fixed camera view (may not be a con considering subject matter)- High requirements9.5/10 Small team delivers on huge game------------------------------------------------------------------------But I want to read:OK...Overview/General:Hellblade tells the story of Senua, a Celtic woman on a quest to retrieve her lover's soul from Helheim, the realm of the dead from Norse mythology. Along the way, she struggles with psychosis and her troubled past. Note that though this game has some action and puzzles, it is mainly for the story.This game has some high requirements; I'm playing under spec (FX-4350 rather than the minimum 8350) and it runs ok, but some serious frame drops can happen because of my CPU bottleneck. In one instance after I died to a boss, the game started up again at 0.2 fps or something. Luckily, I could pause until the game went back to normal. In some later areas, the FPS can drop due to particle physics, but the game is still playable.I also experienced some long load times. Whether it is because I used a traditional HDD, the game has a lot of stuff to load (enviroment, animations, etc.), or just because it is not optimized, I'm not sure. On the plus side, I took stretch breaks during the loading screens, so there's that.A cool thing about the game is its exploration of psychosis and how it affects the mind. The team brought on experts on this stuff and got details from people who actually have psychosis. The Ninja Theory team have a video on ithere.Atmosphere/VisualsCharacter visuals are great with good animations (thanks to motion capture), and the environment fits very well with the story. The soundtrack and soundscape really add to the atmosphere of the game. The work on voices is pretty great, and can be checked outhere.I recommend headphones for playing to maximize the effect of the binaural recordings.Though linear, the environment feels like the Helheim of Norse mythology, and the Norse lore is mixed into the game seamlessly through both visuals and narratives. There are lorestones, which when interacted with, give a bit of Norse mythology.The view is locked into a third-person view from the right side. Having the character on the left is pretty annoying for anyone (like me) who is left eye dominant. This isn't game breaking, but it detracts a bit from my experience. Thank Ninja Theory for the sounds, though; I can rely on audio cues as well as visual.GameplayIn the bit I played so far, I've enjoyed it a lot. There's puzzles, combat, and some interactable stuff for story and lore.Puzzles are solved by using ""portals"" and ""visions"" to change the physical world around you, with the end goal to line up symbols from your point of view (sight). These are not too hard, but they can be disorienting at times. People have argued that these can be frustrating; why not just go through the door/archway instead of all this walking around to line things up? I believe this is deliberately so because those who have psychosis actually experience these patterns and goals that may not accurately reflect reality. Delusion is a big part of severe psychosis.Combat is quite fluid. You can mix up light attacks, heavy attacks, punches/kicks, and evasion in any way you feel like. For a more aggresive playstyle, you can run at the enemy, and this opens up new attacks as well. You can block attacks, but since you're playing a woman who is not as strong as your enemies, you could possibly be staggered when you block a heavier attack. Pressing block at the moment the enemy strikes will allow you to parry them, leaving them open for follow up attacks. Note that you can be parried, too. Your view is automatically locked onto enemies, and you can switch between them. This makes positioning important, because you can't look behind you if you are surrounded. You can also knock enemies off ledges, which is great for decreasing numbers and letting your inner Spartan out.Some people argue that the combat gets repetitive, but I didn't experience that. A big part of it what that I was always experimenting with combos, so I wasn't just mashing the same button the whole time. Another thing is that I often find myself outnumbered (more enemies at higher difficulties). The focus of the fight shifted from how to attack an enemy to how I should position and move in between enemies, as well as if I should focus on one to bring him down quickly or play safe. I experimented each time, which made each fight different from the last. When you play, have some fun with it; you're a trained warrior with a lot of combos at your disposal.There are a few things not explained in a direct manner. However, you get clues what to do from the voices. When you are knocked down, you have to mash the evade button to get back up. Another thing is that you can build up a ""Focus Meter"", which you can see on your right hip. Using Focus slows time, allowing you to strike at an enemy without them being able to retaliate, and gets you standing back up if you're downed. Most bosses and some enemies require you to use Focus to strike them. A third thing is that some enemies can learn your attack and evasive patterns, so they may adjust their fighting style to counteract yours.Story (without spoilers)Senua's story is not so much a battle with a bunch of Norsemen, but with her psychosis and the effect of her upbringing and self-imposed exile due to this illness. This is reflected not only in the voices and visions, but in the design of the environment and puzzles, the enemy and boss design, and the narrative that accompanies her journey. The ending wraps the story up in a satisfying manner.Final Thoughts/RemarksThis is a big game from a small team, not only because of quality, but also the portrayal of a mental illness that is often ignored in media. The Ninja Theory team really put their heart and soul into this, and though it may not be perfect, I give it a thumbs-up because it's an awesome game."
,Recommended,414340,34097395,Posted: 8 August,all,Gloria_Bunker,"this is truly an experience.the style is so dark and twisted but beautiful and captivating. The graphics are stunning and crisp. The music is deep and haunting, each beat rattling up your back during combat, highly recommand a headset. Senua's struggle with psychosis and her constant hearing of voices must be experienced and felt, once the player invites this in, it is truly breathtaking and enduring experience. The combat is engaging and smooth, good slicing mechanics. The voice acting and body capture are impeccable. Let go and take it all in.*warning post-depression upon completion*"
76561198215872011,Recommended,414340,34200070,Posted: 12 August,all,☯ Uchiha Itachi ☯,Academy Award for Best Actress
,Recommended,414340,34456848,Posted: 24 August,all,Fimbul,"This is truly a gem.For the price you pay, you get a solid story, moments filled with awe, a believable main character, great audio, solid gameplay, and a pretty good overview of some of the stories in the Norse mythology.If you want to hear more detailed stories about the gods, check out 'Norse Mythology' by Neil Gaiman."
,Recommended,414340,35350688,Posted: 30 September,all,Frustum,Imprescindible
76561197971660098,Recommended,414340,35393852,Posted: 1 October,all,martenguerra,"Note: I've finished the game in over 3 or 4 hours, most of my game sessions done offline since I'm on the road a lot. Game time recorded is not acurate.This game is unique in concept and execution. It is marvelous in its technical aspects and rewarding in its narrative. I believe this past couple of years have been incredible for games as an art form and I hope success stories like Hellblade's become a constant.The game has been reviewed as a walking simulator by some but this is an askewed perception, it is more of an action\adventure\psichological horror kind of game. the combat may feel repetitive, but it is always tense and the mechanics require fast reflexes and knowledge of your surroundings. The puzzles are not a tacked on gameplay feature, they are an integral part of the story and its main character. This is Senua's world, it is the way she sees things that make the puzzles exist. I don't think I've ever played a game where the puzzles were completely justified, but this is it. And once you finish the game and watch the making-of feature included, you'll apreciate it much more.So...The good:+Impressive writing, acting and animation.+Beautiful, haunting, world, sound and character design.+Tense and fluid combat.+ Seamless, logical and natural puzzle integration.The bad:+Some backtracking required.+Predictable enemy spawning points.My score: 10\10"
,Recommended,414340,34197230,Posted: 12 August,all,Meow Mix,"Damn dude, good on you Ninja TheoryAbsolutely recommend this game to anyone who values rich and heavy story telling.The game is an absolute masterpiece in terms of story and visuals. Combat isn't it's focal point, however, when it does come time to fight it's hack and slash fun!The representation of mental illness was very well thought through and Melina did an amazing job at portraying Senua.My only nitpick would be the very minor frame drops (which honestly happen rarely but I noticed it more near the end) and properly aligning the symbols, as I find myself clearly fitting the symbol in but having to adjust myself slightly 'this way' or 'that way' to have it register.Aside from that...Just turn off the lights, sit back and enjoy the story :)"
,Recommended,414340,34164536,Posted: 11 August,all,DiagonalJ117,"AMAZING game for its price. Would recommend so much to anyone. DO NOT expect a hack and slash. Combat is great, feels heavy and personal. Game is quite haunting. Finished it today and I loved it.I hope it gets a Chapter Select in a later update. I'd love to replay some of the battles."
,Recommended,414340,34212873,Posted: 13 August,all,skeledave,"An audio visual feast for the senses! Whilst not super combat heavy for the most part, the story development is delivered in such a clever way that the lack of heavy combat is a non issue (there is however one overly heavy combat area from my nearly completed experience). The way that Ninja Theory make the player feel what it might be like to experience the inner mind of a mentally ill person is something quite innovative in my opinion. Something at least that hasn't been achieved like this before. So grab your headphones (seriously, you simply cannot play this game any other way), fire this bad boy up, and sit back and experience what I fondly refer to as 'ASMR Psychosis Simulator 2017'."
76561198182180699,Recommended,414340,34180960,Posted: 11 August,all,Racin,"First review ever. I really enjoyed it. It was short (took me 8.3 hrs), but in the same vein as the last of us, the experience and story was refreshing and unique.edit: Wear some good headphones, it's worth it."
76561198007572756,Recommended,414340,34212688,Posted: 13 August,all,Pettylord,"This game is an absolute masterpiece. It's a compelling narrative told through an unconventional hero. The sounds, the combat and most of all the story makes this a must have.Extra points for having VNV's illusion as the end credit song!"
,Recommended,414340,34212766,Posted: 13 August,all,IridescenceCasts,"So after first hearing about this title about a year ago I have followed its development rather keenly and now that its finally out, I get to have a little bit of a say about it after about 6 hours or so of play (At the time of me writing this)In a world where so many games have been made, so may ideas turned into fantastic tittles its hard to put forward unique ideas. Ninja Theory however, have certainly done a number with Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice.I HEAR VOICES IN MY HEADOf course one of the biggest attractions to this game isn't even in your control at all. Its not some super cool looking takedown, its not cool acrobatics or the ability to throw bolts of lightning infinatly to stun lock Invaders (I am looking at you Dank Souls) but its the use of the binural audio to simulate the mental illness that Senua suffers from.Senua who suffers from Phychosis hears voices, whispers, sometimes helpfull, sometimes mocking and some times even just being downright anoying, especially if you get stuck at a puzzle. But this adds a different fell to the game, its nothing I have seen implemented in any game before this and it makes you fell, somewhat more connected to the character.(IF YOU DONT PLAY THIS GAME WITH HEADPHONES, THE WHOLE EXPERIANCE OF THE FEATURE ABOVE WILL BE LOST ON YOU AND I FEEL ITS A RATHER IMPORTANT ASPECT TO THE GAME)COMBATThe ammount of effort put into this game is astounding. The combat although it starts rather slow really shines especially when you go into a boss fight. You cant just left and right click to win here. You really gotta watch and learn attack patterns, learn what needs to be dodged, what can be parried and general dodge direction. Its fun but not the main focus of the gameDEVELOPMENTNinja Theory are no strangers to the TrippleA market, Pushing out popular games such as DMC Devil May Cry and Heavinly Sword. But they describ this as am ""Indie TrippleA"" game. The quality of something you would see released from a major developer but not quite as long (10 hour playthrough Ninja Theory say) so they have set the price acordingly and at only $30 its well worth your time. If you want to see the ammount of effort put into this game all the develpment vlogs and posts can be foundhereRATING8/10I fell that some better options could be added for the PC side of things, Such as a Field of Veiw slider (Senua takes up a lot of the screen)BUGSI have only 1 bug and thats where my mouse disapears in the pause menu some times, Arrow key navigation still works fine though"
76561198010891362,Recommended,414340,34380629,Posted: 20 August,all,NecroticMask,"I cannot suggest this game enough. The story and pacing is amazing and the combat, while repetative sometimes, is pretty satisfying. This is a game that has definetly had a lot of love and effort put into it and it shows. Do yourself a favor, pick it up, put on some headphones and buckle up for one hell of a quest."
76561198105758760,Recommended,414340,34164350,Posted: 11 August,all,Kursid,"Jim Sterling, eat your heart out! Upon completing Hellblade today I felt like screaming from the top of my lungs how much I love this game. The amount of quality in content and storytelling created here by such a small team of people stands as testament to the passion Ninja Theory has for their craft. It's obvious to see the dedication and research they have put into this project to tell a story with such controversial themes and handling it with the gravity and skill it deserves that is so rarely seen in media today, let alone videogames. It is a masterclass in storytelling, performance capture, sound design, theme and world building. I hope it inspires more games like it -- it's certainly inspired me -- and I can't wait to see what Ninja Theory does next!"
,Recommended,414340,34180823,Posted: 11 August,all,Egyptman09,"the optimization is insane, very intreeging story. I woudnt call it a walking simulator like others but its very close to bieng one. There are alot of simple puzzles combat etc that prevents it from bieng one and keeps your interest. This game will be talked about so make sure you play it for its graphics and story"
,Recommended,414340,34119782,Posted: 9 August,all,n00bshr00m,"Sooo I played this about 8 hours straight and finished. Wow. What an unique game. Kinda like a mixture of Bloodborne, Tomb Raider and Amnesia. Didn't expect this to be mostly a horror game though. Never seen as good graphics as this game has and the binaural sounds are really cool. Visually breathtaking like for example my fav was the hell of vikings and the dark forest. Hrrr.. I think I'm not sane anymore. The fighting system is one of my favourites of all time.If I'd have to say something negative about this game I'd say I didn't really like the weird glowing stones that explained things about the vikings' mythology, even though it was interesting but it kinda broke my immersion. Oh and about that epic final battle. What the f was that. I was beating enemies for about an hour and hoped that I don't have to lose to get to the ending but of course I had to eat my pride and just let go.. such an anticlimatic fight, but luckily the ending saved it.Okay and a little tip. Don't use subtitles. It breaks the immersion when you hear crazy talk inside your head but with.. well.. subtitles."
,Recommended,414340,35135244,Posted: 22 September,all,Baeissa,Great Game.
76561198077278210,Recommended,414340,35411352,Posted: 2 October,all,Woodgrain,"This review contains no spoilers, try not to watch online vodeos of the game, they will detract for the overall experience.Hands down, without a doubt, this is now my favourite game along side my other favourite game, Blood Omen Legacy of Kain, from the mid 90's, and I'm only about 1/2 way through the game.If anti-heros define the games you like, if you like dark atmospheric games, and if you like psycholigical thrillers with an intense story line then this game is for you. If you're struggling with mental illness then this game may be overwhelming, it will enagage these senses fully. It's not really horror like they have it tagged, there's no blood and gore (or zombies!) etc, which I am so greatful for, more ""adult themes"" if you will. It does not have constant action and fighting but the fighting is enjoyable when you engage.I didn't realise until starting the game that it has some rouge like elements in that death can force you to restart the game if you are defeated enough. I didn't like this at first as I'm a save often and try again kind of player, but it does make the game feel more personable now that I've played it for a bit, and I don't think it will be an issue for finishing the game.Coupled with the story line, the graphics (for 2017 on a GTX 1070 card) and atmosphere are absolutely amazing. Having 7.1 gaming headphones is fantastic for this game, but I'm sure the audio through stereo headphones will also be good, looks like they've gone to a lot of effort to make this work with her mental illness.The puzzle elements are enjoyable and are just complex enough to feel enough of an achievement without slowing the game down too much, and I enjoy how Senua's mental illness engages with this aspect of the game as well.I mentioned intense story line before, this is critical in the buying decision for this game, if you're expecting an open world game where there are unlimited decisions with multiple outcomes you're looking at the wrong game; seriously, did you watch the trailers? If you're someone that gets bored playing games that have even the slighest bit of grinding and a vague story then this may be what you've been waiting for.If you're still reading this review, and if the key words ""dark"", ""intense"", and ""story driven"" appeal to you, then buy this game if it's on sale, or like me buy this game even if it's not on sale, you will love it."
,Recommended,414340,35042831,Posted: 18 September,all,✪ ☛ Beemoon™ ☚  ✿,"Compelling story, it's simplistic gameplay doesn't tarnish the storytelling of this game and make it an impressive game."
,Recommended,414340,35046669,Posted: 18 September,all,feanoratrds,peerless atmosphere
76561198065244402,Recommended,414340,35424028,Posted: 2 October,all,Sasha Grey,Have you ever had a moment in your life when you felt like you're actually going to die now?This game will give you plenty of those :)No jokes.
,Recommended,414340,35428416,Posted: 2 October,all,Yorinar,"Not the longest game in the world, nor the hardest, but worth every penny."
,Recommended,414340,34141589,Posted: 10 August,all,ROTNGamingLP | Twitch,"An absolutely amazing and beautiful piece of software.It's not the longest game (6 1/2 hours) but dayum did i enjoy every little iddy biddy second of it!!!I absolutely adore the fact that there is a game which has a story behind it again, to which you can actually relate in some way (at the end). they have gotten really scarce in the last years.(I'm not gonna say more cause of spoilers)But HECK did that ending blow my composure out of the window...i was crying when the credits started rolling and still i'm here telling you guys that i loved it.I really hope you support the developers so that they can make many more masterpieces like this.And if you can't (unterstandable for the price of 30€), please watch someones videos to/about it.I always think i can go to the cinema for 30€ into 3 movies (at best) and would've enjoyed 2 - 3 movies.I would take this game over movies any flipping day of the god damn week.To sum up:PROs:-Graphics-AMAZING Story(telling)-Background (Nortic mythology... i'm kind of a sucker for that)CONs:-6 1/2 hours for 30€ will seem a bit expensive for some (just look at it as 2 cinema/theatre visits and you're fine though)-fighting a bit confusing at times (but a long way away from gamebreaking)(Oh and be aware, if you are suffering from any sorts of psychosis the devs are advising you not to get this game)Cheers and have a nice day,ROTNGamingLPhttps://www.tiwtch.tv/rotngaminglphttps://www.youtube.com/user/ROTNGaming(Played through all of it and will upload it to youtube and twitch :D)"
,Recommended,414340,34515753,Posted: 26 August,all,Mendhak,"Great visuals and acting.  It's a walking-sim/psychological story first, and combat is basic but definitely enjoyable (and when you get the timing right, it looks great too) - however don't go in expecting a fully fleshed out combat system.  There's no UI, no health and no tutorial, everything was pretty intuitive from the start.Fully recommend playing with headphones -  I found the sound immersion and the voice chatter quite immersive/important part of the overall story. Also recommend playing with a controller rather than keyboard+mouse.I played on 2560x1440 and the game maintained a decent 100-120fps.  I did increase the field of view (see pcgamingwiki for instructions) to work with the larger resolution.The game also comes with a photo mode and I spent a bit of time in there playing photographer, though in retrospect I recommend not using it for the immersion factor."
76561197999904531,Recommended,414340,34515965,Posted: 26 August,all,Masterpiece86,"Never been compelled to write a review before, but having just finished Hellblade, I just had to.This game is amazing! It tackles a very sensitve subject with class and respect.The gameplay is quite simplistic in that its a linear journey with some hack and slash thrown in with a few puzzles.The graphics are amazing, even though there is the odd frame rate dip, and I noticed the smallest amount of clipping towards the end of the game.The sound is also where this game shines. The voices in Senua's head are perfection and really mirror how I can imagine it would be in real life.One thing I would certainly recommend is to watch the 'Hellblade Feature' after playing through the game. It gave a fantastic insight into why the makers decided to add certain things into the game, and gave me a much better understanding of what they were hoping to achieve. Before watching the feature I would have given the game about 8 out of 10, but now I know what the team were trying to do throughout the game, and how they absolutely nailed it, I would give it a solid 9 out of 10.Buy it, you will not be dissapointed."
76561198026338052,Recommended,414340,34517520,Posted: 26 August,all,fastboyslim,"There is not much else to say which has not already been said!this is a well made game with a very interesting story, a game where the devs have put a lot of time and effort into making so all credit to them.The game is well optimized only a few hours in and not come across any bugs, great graphics and smooth gameplay.9/10"
,Recommended,414340,34692368,Posted: 2 September,all,Darkdow,"10/10, Great Game. Amazing Character."
,Recommended,414340,35039586,Posted: 17 September,all,|poop|,"Very interesting story and a very unique way to show the experience somone suffering from a severe mental illness can go through. I hope this helps bring some awareness to the topic and eliminates some of the stigma around mental illness.As for the game itself, I enjoyed the puzzles, combat, environment and the voice acting is top notch. The combat can be repetitive but there are certain combos you can figure out. It would be nice to include some sort of tutorial for the controls for new players but if you pause the game the controls show up there.Overall I absolutely loved this game and highly recommend!"
76561198052400125,Recommended,414340,35046947,Posted: 18 September,all,ObcanX,"Summed up in 1 sentence, this game is a riveting journey of a character through many trials that the character imposes on herself through her illness. Grief, anger, sadness, despair, determination and love. All in one package. Visually stunning, audio-wise setting a new standard (the binaural audio on a 7.1. headphone set is truly a treat), with an atmosphere that just screams loneliness, and wrapped up in a story exploring new, delicate grounds in a very gritty and honest way.Yes, the game might be too slow at times, but it serves a purpose. And yes, the combat (or camera focus, in particular) can be more chaotic and annoying than it really should. But the overall experience is truly something you have not experienced before. When I said a while back in my Spec Ops: The Line review that there should be more games focused on the mental states of the characters, as well as a thought-provoking storyline, Ninja Theory have upped the ante. One of the best games of 2017 for me, no doubt about it!"
,Recommended,414340,35128818,Posted: 22 September,all,The Haunted Houseman,"This game is a masterpiece for me!I don't know what else to say. Great job Ninja Theory!If you are into atmospheric games with the emphasis on story and the character, then this game is a must play!And even if you aren't, consider giving it a try.It's such a well made game with much passion from the developers. And although beeing a selfpublished, small-budget game, its qualitiy is at least on the level of every AAA game out there....and also please support the developers who managed to produce this amazing piece of software without a publisher and for just 30 bucks.This really helps the gameing culture/industry to develop and make more great games like this!P.S.Use headphones, no fancy ones required, just decent stereo ones!It definitly enhances the experience by quite a bit."
76561197972234665,Recommended,414340,35209544,Posted: 25 September,all,Flori der Fux,"Gamers, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?How can this game not be in your library yet? How can you resist?Seriously, this game overwhelms me. I love it. I believe this is the best looking PC game that I've ever played. It definitely features the best motion capturing that I've ever seen in a game. Next to seriously stunning visuals, you get fantastic voice acting, awesome, eerie ambient music and a most extraordinary setting.  I mean, c'mon... a young female schizophrenic, celtic warrior in a world that is part real and part hallucination... that IS quite extraordinary, right? And also the gameplay...what we got here is an action-adventure so to say, we got phases where we explore the surroundings, and phases where we fight. The adventure part is quite simple and repetitive. We solve the same kind of visual riddles over an over again, but I don't really see it as a con. Not awesome either but it gives time to calm down some after the fights and embrace the wonderful graphics, listen to the voices in Senuas head and get deeper into the story. The martial fights feel both fluent and weighty alike. They feel more challenging than they actually are. You always fight the same type of enemies, and once you figured out their simple attack patterns, you'll know how to get them down. Still the fights, at least for me, feel enormously intense. They are always fair though. Hellblade really fascinates me in all aspects. One of the most impressive games that I've played in a long time. And the full price of roughly 30€ is more than fair. Don't be greedy, this game is worth each and every cent."
76561198073993508,Recommended,414340,35427037,Posted: 2 October,all,Ai_Rk,This game untaps something beutiful and horrifying at the same time. This game is a peice of art and if your wondering if you should get it your missing out of you dont.
,Recommended,414340,34141626,Posted: 10 August,all,{GFA}Wikus,10 minutes in and I am stunned by those graphics... sometimes hard to distinguish from gamerendered scene and actual footage...
76561198091105568,Recommended,414340,34141645,Posted: 10 August,all,yogat,"It was one of the most amazing experiences I've ever played. The combat feels great. It is slower and more presise, which makes it feel more weighty and realistic. The story and the narration as well as how the collectables forshadow the end of the area that you are in is all incredible. This game makes itself feels very high stakes, but it isn't very dificult. This make it very aprochable for all skill levels. You don't have to be a god at video games to fully enjoy this experience."
76561198170187103,Recommended,414340,35423881,Posted: 2 October,all,ernestas.kupciunas,Amazing game! Story rich and stunning graphics! This game with no doubt is the best I played this year
76561198419317710,Recommended,414340,35430775,Posted: 2 October,all,Windmill-39,Absolutely amazing! One of the best games I've played in years! I give it a solid eleven out of ten.
76561198108271291,Recommended,414340,35482766,Posted: 4 October,all,ConsolePleb,My only issue with this game is that the combat in between bosses feels like it's only there to pad game time. Other than that one of the best linear story-based games I've ever played.
76561198107957097,Recommended,414340,35479681,Posted: 4 October,all,InQuIsToN,"One of the best games i have ever played. I think the developers really did a great job to show, how it has to feel to have an psychic illness. The gameplay itself also feeled great.I had 8 hours for the full story and i have to say that every minute from this game was worth its money!I absolutly recommend this it, thank you for this experience Devs!"
,Recommended,414340,35482191,Posted: 4 October,all,ZeratulVen,"10/10 an INCREDIBLE game that gives you a fresh perspective from the mental illness called Psychosis with an amzing approach both exciting and frightening at the same time. Whoever read this you MUST play this game, It doesn't value what it costs but much more for the experience it delivers."
76561198404644292,Recommended,414340,35484660,Posted: 4 October,all,Dark_Alliance,"This game is unlike anything I've played before.If you are looking for an experience, this is your deal! (it litterally made me shiver)If you are the type to skip cinematics and just want to kill and fight, this is not for youOtherwise, this is a masterpiece and I highly recommend it!"
76561198299590975,Recommended,414340,34179979,Posted: 11 August,all,HcKy,Definitely an amazing story-driven game. If you want something action packed this isn't it.
76561198319983553,Recommended,414340,34180158,Posted: 11 August,all,Dr Kunah,Great story
76561198095097100,Recommended,414340,34395884,Posted: 21 August,all,Yuri,"Great Game,Incredible story and soundtrack and a very nice combat-system.I Have no words...absolutly stunning!^^"
,Recommended,414340,34352462,Posted: 19 August,all,LoUpID ツ,senuashe protecshe attac(but most importantly)she want dillion bac
,Recommended,414340,34113739,Posted: 8 August,all,adrian97c,"PC specs: i5-7400(4core), RX 480 4GB, 16GB DDR4, SSD, 144hz 2K Monitor(2650x1440).This game automatically deteced my native monitor resolution and set it to 1440,  the game is optimized EXTREMELY WELL. with my PC specs, i can only get 30-40fps on ultra, so I had to set all options (except for texures) to medium &  turned textures down only1 notch to high (instead of ultra). This got me at 43-52fps, which is perfectly acceptable for a mid-level PC, looks amazing even @ med/high settings!I originally built my PC for 1080p gaming, but now that I upgraded to 144hz/1440P display, games look crappy on 1080 on 2k montor, they dont scale well. So looks like i'll upgrade my video card to a Vega & in few years I'll upgrade my CPU to an i7(8core). that should keep me running all new games easily at 1440(2k)@ultra."
76561198045885240,Recommended,414340,34155502,Posted: 10 August,all,tsdtsdtsd,"Just finished the game. Kudos to Ninja Theory. They kept the promiss to deliver an independent-AAA game.Awesome story and storytelling, great user experience, very fluid gameplay, solid mechanics, well-balanced, beautiful graphics, great music and binaural sounds/voices.The mental illness theme is very well implemented, creepy but interesting.I had a great time and for me it was absolutely worth its money."
76561198367509180,Recommended,414340,34152855,Posted: 10 August,all,KyShro,"Loved this game! Besides repetitive combat and being clueless at times on how to proceed, it was a fantastic game. Recommended play."
76561198208832280,Recommended,414340,34111416,Posted: 8 August,all,seanmin3,"Absolutely amazing game!!100% would recommendNinja theory really made good on this, well done guys 😍"
76561198046476563,Recommended,414340,34125464,Posted: 9 August,all,KycklingFTW,"Hellblade is a brilliant game with lots of enjoyable things crammed into a 30€ package... but considering ive been stuck on the same repetitive bossfight for 30 minutes and 5 out of my now 7 deaths are due to a lack of instructions.. f*ck this game can be annoying.Edit; apparently theres a torch wich ur supposed to pick up somewhere to help you fight the boss!?Edit 2; uh, nope... no torch, this time i could see that i did damage to him tho, wich i couldnt before... so yeah, great game! buy it!"
,Recommended,414340,34146890,Posted: 10 August,all,[WaW] Archimonday,"Take close watch my friends, and pay attention. This is exactly the thing you need.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a beautiful, expertly crafted work of art, symbolism, and mythology. If you sit down to play this game, and have no intention of thinking about it, you are wasting it.This game is the type of game where you sit down, late at night, turn off the lights and poor your favorite drink. You don't run through it, you walk. You take in all the scenery around your character, and you listen deeply to every word being spoken. As the game lays out the mythology of the Norse in front of you, you sit and ponder what the stories mean.This is the type of story that everyone, even children should have in their lives. The story of the hero. The story of facing the worst possible hell you can imagine, and overcoming your fear of the unknown."
,Recommended,414340,34123105,Posted: 9 August,all,RenegadeRocks,"Do not miss this. This is genius. One hell of an experience, unlike any other. Take a bow Ninja Theory ! just wow !It's about psychosis and what ppl go through. But is wrapped in a great story and experience .Had a friend once who is no more and went thru similar stuff. Got first hand experience of what he might have been through. And it is terrifying.all that aside, it is a unmissable experience. Hours after finishing it I am still overwhelmed and discussing it with my wife and family. The game really achieved its goals and then some !Took me around 9 hours to finish. And the message about death at the begining. Its part of the experience, from what I can tell."
76561198066099299,Recommended,414340,34234951,Posted: 14 August,all,ZerghyOP,i usually don't do reviews or rate gamesHellblade is one of the best game/experience i've played so faralso an AAA experience for half price
,Recommended,414340,34218405,Posted: 13 August,all,TaterTots,One of the best single player experiences I've had in a very long time.
76561197998415243,Recommended,414340,34221117,Posted: 13 August,all,Kim-Jong Illest,I just wanted to add another positive review but nothing to say that hasn't already been said.Congratulations Ninja Theory on yet another amazing game.
,Recommended,414340,34230252,Posted: 14 August,all,Combiner,"This game is unique in many ways .It has amazing sound and voicing , they made a great job here !Story is very good and not easy to understand .Play it and see for yourself !"
76561198005345029,Recommended,414340,34244357,Posted: 14 August,all,Groph,"+ visuals (especially facial animations)+ sound design (headphones are a must, binaural mic was used for recording)+ environmental design+ enemy design+ combat feels satisfying+ probably the best representation of psychosis in a videogame+ norse mythology (which isnt represented in games all that often)+ live-action integrated into ingame footage (never seen that before and it looks great)::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::- combat is very basic- little enemy variety- enemies take too long to kill and the fights are often drawn out- rune puzzles not that enjoyable (you have to stand in the exactly right place to solve it)- no new mechanics introduced during the game::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: game length : ~7,5h::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: cautious recommendation :especially for those interested experiencing what psychosis might be like, or those who enjoy norse mythology, gameplay is servicable but often repetitive and sometimes frustrating"
76561197992216988,Recommended,414340,34391077,Posted: 21 August,all,Backspace,One of the best storied games that I've every played... EVER!Cons: Too many rune puzzles.ProS: Literally everything else.
76561198053598512,Recommended,414340,34353702,Posted: 19 August,all,Raptick [OIL],This Game is really ♥♥♥♥ed up.
,Recommended,414340,34105539,Posted: 8 August,all,Goeli,"Hellblade is very linear and story driven but the visuals, audio and atmosphere are amazing.I usually don't use my headphones but as soon as you start the game something just tells you that you have to put them on.They whisper in your ears as if you are actually Senua.The lighting in this game are also very well done, there are a few parts in the game where the whole area is just darkness and the focus is on Senua's facial expression which looks very real and really highlights the Unreal Engine.For the gameplay it's quite simple lots of puzzles finding runes to unlock the next area and the combat is very simple but fun."
76561198024773283,Recommended,414340,34105748,Posted: 8 August,all,dibydiby62,"Wow, kinda blown away. simple but superbly done. hope they make an open world based off this.performance wise also a wow. 2880p at 144hz.personally having these issues this game helped a bit with its ending, everythings spot on. overwhelming most of the time but enlightening."
,Recommended,414340,34098033,Posted: 8 August,all,Dar0be,"This is such a great game. I can not say how good it looks. Whoever did the audio engineering needs to win an award. Its like playing a movie. Combat system is great, just a little difficult to figure out at first if you haven't played Dark Souls. Only detractor so far is the very linear gameplay. Once you go down a path all bets are off going in a different direction. And that is my only complaint."
,Recommended,414340,34097268,Posted: 7 August,all,sniperknight,This game is something the story the game play the world is beautiful i spend to mcuh time just looking at it. The puzzles are fun not to hard that it makes the game boring but and something to the game and the voice's that never stop talking to you had a creep factor  to the game. 10/10
76561198217407783,Recommended,414340,34097409,Posted: 8 August,all,Abyss Watcher,"Man This game is really.. awesome, very good graphic because of unreal engine 4. i get up to 120fps with resolution 1080p and it running very smooth because  i still use gtx 1070 with 24 gb ram :). btw i recording the gameplay and share to youtube.Here The links :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spo3HqNbzMQ"
,Recommended,414340,34098476,Posted: 8 August,all,Sniffinshrooms,"Briliant in everyway.A+ sound designA graphicsB combat (a tad repetative. Even the hardest difficulty is fairly easy)A storyA+ Thrills - constantly intense due to amazing sound design, has a perma death feature looming over you straight from the beginning.You'll need headphones to play this game the way it was intended.The dialogue and story telling are as deep and cohesive as the philosophies that drive this game.Excellent balance of puzzle and combat. The combat never damages the pacing of the game and teh combat does not fail to be fluid and entertaining.The story tellers use the voices in Senua's head to not only further the plot but to raise paranoia and intesnity during combat as well as provide hints for the puzzles. I found myself jumping out of my seat after a voice screamed ""behind you"" even though I could guess there was nothing behind me. The voices always keep a balance of truth and lie so you never know when they are actually going to help you or lead you astray."
,Recommended,414340,34192744,Posted: 12 August,all,relakks,GOTY
,Recommended,414340,34125513,Posted: 9 August,all,weegee,"As much yes as it's even possible. Battles are quite weak though, but the game is not about battles or even puzzles, they're just there to make this interactive experience look like a game."
,Recommended,414340,34121620,Posted: 9 August,all,ユニクロ,The game was good but it was brain ♥♥♥♥ing game!
76561198287185843,Recommended,414340,34115902,Posted: 8 August,all,scottjamest11,This is one of the best games of year. One of the best games I have Played!! In my top 5 games. When is the DLC out??
76561197998031858,Recommended,414340,34154967,Posted: 10 August,all,Hexus,"Superb game.The presentation is like nothing I've ever seen, and the use of binural audio was implimented great.  The use of the ""voices"" in both story progression and gameplay was so cool.Combat leaves something to be desired, as some of the enemies get pretty damage spongey.  All in all a 9/10 for mePros:-Beautifully crafted world-Graphics, UNREAL 4-Runs like a dream-Voice acting and facial mocap acting are on point-Sound design is out of this world-All in all very creepy at times, better than expected, jumpscares minimal-Their take on norse mythos is unique and I loved itCons:-Combat is bland once you get the hang of it-Puzzles can feel repetative-Photo mode is crap (compared to similar IE Shadow of Mordor)If a studio of 20 people can make something like this in Unreal and have it runs so beautifully, then this should raise the bar for some of the ""indie"" devs cranking out poorly optimized games."
76561197992430312,Recommended,414340,34170069,Posted: 11 August,all,IKosche911,ONE Word: Masterpiece!
76561198234037052,Recommended,414340,34207633,Posted: 12 August,all,[TAW] HamiltonSlayer,I truly have not played such an amazing story drivin game in my life. If you are looking for a really deep storyline then i would hihgly recomend getting this. 10/10
76561198132214748,Recommended,414340,34203434,Posted: 12 August,all,FredyPooh,"I haven't finished it yet but I will for sure...Great game! Don't excpect a lot of fight or exploration. It is A to B but immersive!I am lucky to have a friend who is studying in History so she has a lot to add to the story while I play and it makes me more understand some part of  the game.Not everyone will like it but when you want to play a game for few hours where it is simple and pretty go for it. (And for the price..those graphic the story the gameplay..damn)Edit: I finished it, I loved it !"
76561198267738730,Recommended,414340,34231024,Posted: 14 August,all,Rotekk,"Great game, style and direction.a  slow burn with some flaws that include the combat and puzzles.Worth every penny in my opinion despite the flaws."
,Recommended,414340,34254442,Posted: 15 August,all,Wannabemyenemy,"This is the kind of game the casual action game audience will not necessarily enjoy.The game is however one of the best looking, well acted, well written and well executed stories out in the medium.Here is how i recommend experiencing this game:Do not look up too much about the story. (Just be aware that this is from the perspective of a person suffering from psychosis.Take a day to experience it all in one sitting.Use a good pair of headphones.Let yourself get immersed.This is by far the best product from Ninja Theory.Big thumbs up from me."
76561197995285629,Recommended,414340,34202909,Posted: 12 August,all,Massiah,"I absolutely loved this game.  It's beautiful, it's terrifying, it draws you in.The combat is simple and repetitive, but that's not the basis of the game.The storytelling is outstanding.  I highly recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,414340,34253757,Posted: 15 August,all,MagrothJ,"This is a very immersive game with an engaging story. It's interesting to get a glimpse of how a psychosis works. Trust me, use headphones to get the most out of the game.The game mostly consists of visual puzzles where you need to find different shapes/runes in the world, but to a small degree you also get to reshape or repair it. There is not really any tutorial, but if you've played similar games you easily figure it out, just check the key bindings.The combat is pretty good but it's not really a big part of the game. There is a nice flow to it.It's about celtic woman's journey into a norse world (and into her own mind) and it is well fleshed out and is really beautiful. It's very dark and grim but there is of course a reason for that.This is really an awesome game, highly recommended."
76561197970879700,Recommended,414340,34096878,Posted: 7 August,all,KUKWES,"I lost my mind playing this game.Amazing graphics, sound, story, narrative and combat. Great performance @ 4K Max Settings.This is a  story driven game so if you are only into open world games this is not for you."
,Recommended,414340,34781408,Posted: 6 September,all,✪ The Punisher,"I Give this game a 8/10Pros:- Beautifull graphics- Beautifull cut scenes- Beautifull soundtracks....i mean....just listen to the boss battle music! Amazing!- Fantastic voice acting- A story that makes you feel one with the character, and makes you want to find out what is going on,,,- Not your typical ""Hero adventure, to kill the bad guy for glory"" type of game. This is really a fresh breath of air in my book!There are other great sides and aspects of this game also, such as: The combat system is not to hard to learn, and the game is only 20$...and mor...but i really recomend you buy it, to see for yourself!However there are some bad sides to the game...alltho I kinda managde to look away from them.Cons:- Gameplay tend to get a bit boring, due to its ""slow pace"". Dont go in to this game and excpect Battelfield game pace.- ""Short"". It's not TO short...but I really do wish there was more to this game. Alltho they are making a sequel.- No ability to customize or upgrade gear. This is just one thing I love in all kind of games and it would be cool to see the possibility to custumize or uypgrade your gear.Overall a GREAT game that really made me wanting MORE! A great experience and a brilliant game!"
76561198013025716,Recommended,414340,34339611,Posted: 18 August,all,JackHalfaPrayer,"Good, but overrated. Little to no replay value. Cross-eyed lead could use a patch. Not innovative or new, and feels like a long engine demo featuring half a game. Comparisons to walking sims very accurate. Level design and puzzles are uninspired and repetitive. Feels like an overacted Infinity Blade full of mandatory cutscenes. Albeit well directed ones. Restricts player controls too often, especially during important moments of the character's growth or experience. Lots of invisible walls. Clipping and camera issues during gameplay. Glitchy loading and handoff issues during map loading. Similarly, lots of the practical mechanics tend to break immersion and take way too long. Sound design is repetitive or uninspired. Voiceover is repetitive and often cheesy or overacted. Atmosphere, while gorgeous, fails to evoke emotion. Story done better by predecessors. Other games that have rail chase sequences catch lots of flack, but this game has been treated very lightly by reviewers on this point and on many others. Still, It's priced as half a game, which is fair for the title. But pick it up on sale and you'll be happy you did. 14.99 good. 7.49 better. It takes risks, which is to be commended. But it fails to achieve simple gameplay mechanics and level design milestones done better in games decades old, which should not be overlooked."
,Recommended,414340,34203417,Posted: 12 August,all,DasWunderKind,"I like my games to be more linear and story focused than 20+ hours of content that dont really focus on the story.This game is just what I love, a fantastic setting/story and good combat and music.I love all games from ninja theory so this was a very easy insta buy for me.The game in its basic form is separated between combat and walking/puzzle solving.While I didn't feel that the combat became monotonous because you reach the end before that happens.I did feel that the rune puzzles became a little bit boring at the end.Fortunatly the game is around 8 hours long and the script and acting really pushes you forward to find out the truth.I completed this game in 2 days and I loved every single second of it.While the music is good there is really only 1-2 themes that I really enjoyed while the rest were just alright.I hope to see more games like this and if you are like me someone who enjoys story driven games give this one a go, you wont be dissapointed.Its flaws are that it has 0 replayability and no chapter select for the only achievement that requieres you to find all runestones so if you miss one you will have to replay the whole game to grab it.Thankfuly the other achievements are all story based.I rate this game 8.5 out of 10.If it had just better music and the puzzles didn't become a rune fest at the end I would give this a 10 out of 10Buy it now or on sale you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,414340,34163947,Posted: 11 August,all,chronic mediocrity,"NOTE, I ADDED MORE TO THIS AFTER COMPLETING THE GAME FURTHER.As of the time that I am writing this I have not yet beat the entire game however here are my thoughts after beginning. The game is absolutely breathtakingly beautiful the audio and visuals are stunning however this comes with the price of performance and on a 1070 with an i7 6700k it runs like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and also it's completely capped at 60 frames per second for some reason even with vsync disabled. After tweaking some settings the game does run better but I must say that the controls and handling feel if it's slow and turning the camera feels kind of clunky and delayed. As for the story it's very in-depth and interesting I won't spoil anything but you're in for a wild ride. The game is short and not meant to be rushed through it's the kind of game where you stop appreciate the details and smell the roses rather than speed run and get to the end for the sake of it. I so far and mediocrely satisfied with the combat the combat is kind of okay it's a little easy and a little bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at the same time but not because it's hard but because it's hard to control. When dealing with one enemy at a time it is absolutely impossible to fail the enemy attacks quite slowly and is easy to Parry and then instantly follow up with spam clicking to kill. However randomly near the beginning of the game the game introduces two enemies at once and you can only focus at one Enemy At A Time making it very hard to switch between each enemy and attack. For some reason at the beginning of the game the buttons to switch your enemy Target is not even bound so you have to manually go in assign keys for that. As for the puzzles they are kind of easy but they are quite Innovative and interesting take for instance the first set of puzzles with having to look through a certain peephole to change the world around you. The game so far and only an hour of playing I've run into a game breaking bug made me have to clear my progress and restart, there was a part where I had to solve a puzzle to unlock a door but for some reason the door unlocked was never triggered and I was stuck listening to the voices in my head tell me to go through the gate because now the gate is open but the gate wouldn't ♥♥♥♥ing open. I recommend this game to anyone who has patience and is willing to sit through a long yet engaging story with a bit of gameplay in between important cutscenes.EDIT: I am nearing the end of this amazing game and it has overcome some of my previous criticisms. Performance improves (at least it did for me) when the game is run in fullscreen (it defaults to windowed borderless). I still maintain that walking around feels clunky and slow. However, the boss fights and waves of multiple enemies improve the combat immensely. The combat becomes stressful and difficult, but never to the point where it is unfair or out of your control. After rebinding some keys, the combat in some scenes is the highlight of gameplay. When senura unsheaths her sword, she suddenly moves more fluidly, you have more control. The epic Viking battle music kicks in and it gets your adrenaline pumping. If you run towards an enemy for a jumping strike, you let out this epic battle cry and plunge towards the enemy. Your attacks feel like they have real weight, sort of like when you lean to one side in real life while playing a racing game as if it will help you turn. Playing the game for longer also allowed me to find more flaws. There are times where the voices in your head are giving scripted dialogue that reveals parts of the story, but are often cut off by other dialogue when progressing to a new area. As for the boss fights, my favorite so far was definitely the first one valraven. Valraven has the widest range of moves and tricks that you have to adapt to on the go, also the cutscene right before the fight scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. The other bosses are good, but didn't have the in depth stages that valraven did."
76561198105234792,Recommended,414340,34101662,Posted: 8 August,all,Volatilez,"Amazing storyline, with not too hard puzzles in between each of the big fights to keep you thinking.Really like the idea of psychosis being one of the key points to this game as it really keeps you on the edge of your seat for the whole time as the voices never really get any less creepy than they were at the start, reccomend to anyone who loves single player games."
,Recommended,414340,34099738,Posted: 8 August,all,Carl,"So far, I'm about 5 hours into the game. I'm honestly stuck on a puzzle and I know the answer, just not how to get there. This game is fantastic in ALL aspects: fighting (even though it's 'repetitive as people say', I find the parry system very rewarding later game), puzzles, graphics, voice acting and story. I haven't found a single flaw. I was worried that it would be a short game, due to the price tag, but so far, it's worth every cent and then some. This could easily sell as a $60 game. I'm looking forward to more!"
76561198020511281,Recommended,414340,34481017,Posted: 25 August,all,Mark Nutt,"this isnt a game, its an expierince what it feels like to have schizophrenia...to have a psychosis. Ninja theory did a great job with this game."
,Recommended,414340,34135788,Posted: 9 August,all,ρερε,The best story I have played in recent years!
,Recommended,414340,34148612,Posted: 10 August,all,.Z,"One of the best stories I've experienced in the last years. Truly a breathtaking masterpiece.If you like story-driven games and to be fully immersed in it, this is a no brainer."
76561198091480171,Recommended,414340,34101911,Posted: 8 August,all,sesshomaru641,"Just finished this game and truthfully it was amazing, its around 7 hours long but be careful as death holds a lot of weight in this game. It's also better of you go in blind as the whole thing is very deep with story."
,Recommended,414340,35188401,Posted: 24 September,all,thumps_,Playing with headphones on high volume in the dark late at night. 10/10 anal leakage. Worth the money.
76561198050456325,Recommended,414340,34129078,Posted: 9 August,all,Mukashi,in short :-1)Great graphics with amazing sound track2) good story but little bit confusing at the beginning3) the combat is simple and easy4) easy but unique puzzlesthe best thing in the game in my opinion was the atmosphere and the voice acting.- U HAVE TO PLAY THE GAME WITH HEADSETS -
76561198024580271,Recommended,414340,34127793,Posted: 9 August,all,RoquenHU,"Finished the game, and oh I had a lot of fun.It is not for everyone, like most games, has a few things in it that make no sense, kinda wish it was longer a bit, but overall, I loved every moment of it.It had a few cons like, Why do we have to walk around for another minute instead of climbig up that knee-high rock, or why can't we just toss the torch through the fence right next to the gatethat has water falling down from above it.Pros are plenty.It is immersive, the voices are perfect, made me want to tell them to shut the hell up multiple times.Soundtrack is brilliant as well, didn't much like them at the end, felt like it didn't really fit, but made the battles far more fun overall. And the environmental sounds were great too.Loved how good Senua was overall, Melina did an amazing job with her. Loved the flashbacks, loved her story, hope to see some more Senua in the future. And more games that tackle mental health issues,Combat was fun, several types of enemies, the berserker was annoying as hell,  bosses were all unique, with a bunch of of their own moves. And a little advice: don't block, like ever, unless it is just a 1v1. You can dodge sideways pretty much all the attacks.So, tl;dr: Hella good game, bit short, a flaw or two here and there, but it was money well spent on such an immersive story."
76561198071009124,Recommended,414340,34356131,Posted: 19 August,all,stj,"Such a terrific, heartfelt and honest experience! The passion the developers had in creating this masterpiece is clearly visible throughtout. ♥♥♥♥ yeah, I recommend!"
,Recommended,414340,34355571,Posted: 19 August,all,Synaptic_Gaming,"9.5/10Pros:+Effectively articulates the experience of mental illness+Gripping character driven story+Intensely cinematic+Visually stunning+Inventive puzzle elementsCons:-Not enough combat segmentsHellblade: Senua’s sacrifice implants the player into the mind of Senua, a solitary Celtic Warrior traversing profound layers of  psychosis, on a quest to free her beloved’s soul from the clutches of Hell’s persecution.  Elements of dark fantasy, Norse mythology and historical fiction, establish the setting for the story, complementing pervasive dark themes and rich context.Overwhelmed by confusion, ravaged by fear and haunted by the trauma of her past, Senua must embrace the madness cloaked within the recesses of her own enduring nightmare.  As each subsequent layer of the narrative is revealed, the player descends further into delirium to confront the gnawing darkness.  Driven by a captivating performance from Melina Juergens, Hellblade’s unique story examines mental illness through the lens of distorted perception.Auditory verbal hallucinations plague Senua’s every thought with incessant persecution.  Dizzying shrieks and precarious whispers mock weakness, breed paranoia, evaluate circumstances, impart wisdom and deceive, while the player experiences an unprecendented level of sensory immersion.  Distinct personalities are accompanied by obscured visages and real footage, seamlessly woven into many of the game’s dynamic cutscenes.  The innovative, binaurally recorded aural mechanics of the game, utilize three-dimensional sound with remarkable conviction, to embed the player within the mind of a psychotic victim, tortured by disembodied voices.  Multi-directional audio cues during combat ratchet up the tension, while Senua’s passengers cloud her focus mere moments before issuing lifesaving commands.  Primal adversaries bark with bestial ferocity, hurling themselves at the player with annihilating density.  Steel flays skin and decimates bone with each violent exchange.  Cumbersome iron surges towards nimble evasions executed with delicate precision.  Each stratified sound encompasses hypnotizing voice work, coercing the player to assimilate themselves with the sheer terror of deep psychosis.The soundtrack is layered by haunting vocal melodies, embodying heartbreak and nostalgia, contrasted by ominous tribal tones of heart pounding percussion and contemporary chanting.  The overall soundscape ebbs and flows with each fleeting emotion, as the tranquil sounds of nature ooze into brutish howls and demonic vibrations.Visually, Hellblade is an awe-inspiring experience; merging graphical fidelity and scale with alluring atmosphere, comparable to any AAA title on the market.  Vast and silent peaks loom over inconceivable structures on the precipice of conceivable reality.  Enigmatic mists harbor cautionary spectacles for naive souls.  Ashen forests laid waste by seething flames hiss at dormant clouds overhead.  Menacing winds cleave bark from gnarled trees within haunted forests.  Radiant beaches marry cryptic beauty with macabre exhibition.  Illusory environments deceive the senses by challenging the player’s perception of reality.  Inventive puzzles exemplify the proficiency of a mentally ill person’s ability to recognize patterns within their environment.  Unique puzzle segments reward advancement thru methodical exploration within the confines of aberration.  A vast array of assets within the world convey the uniqueness of each surreal landscape, inspiring comprehensive exploration of each environment.Senua breathes life into her surroundings, as the atmosphere transforms in concession with her current emotional state.  Delving further into the waking nightmare thrusts the player deeper into Senua’s psyche, as her emotions are materialized within the physical landscape with harrowing authenticity.  Layered visuals incorporate volumetric fog, three-dimensional lighting, suffocating shadows, dynamic weather effects and crisp textures to generate an unparalleled level of immersion.Ninja Theory, in conjunction with its partners have conceivably bridged the uncanny valley with innovative full-motion video, capturing raw performances in real-time.  Senua convincingly reacts to the world around her, as impending doom is articulated by erratic breathing and paranoid scanning of her surroundings.  Believable facial animations, coupled with fluid motion capturing, generate an intensely cinematic feel as the game transitions between exploration, combat and cinematic elements.Interlaced within linear exploration elements of gameplay, are visceral combat segments, pitting the player against perilous, corpse-like opponents, adorned in historically inspired trappings.  Simple on the surface, yet tactical and swift combat mechanics, are captured in an over-the-shoulder perspective, generating an intimate and realistic feel to each encounter.  The player must rely on acute timing, proper positioning and precise evasive maneuvering to open up holes in each enemy’s defenses to press the attack.  Enemy attack animations are rendered with violent physicality and density, as they exploit leverage, momentum and timing to inflict devastating blows.  Senua’s aesthetic animations are deft and precise, while conveying her technical prowess.  There is a profound feeling of vulnerability as each confrontation unfolds.  Despite the fluidity of the combat, a limited amount of attack animations can feel redundant during more extensive encounters.  Combat is vigorous fun, yet sparsely implemented throughout the duration of the story.  I would liked to have seen a separate combat arena mode, in which one could select from a variety of parameters to satisfy their lust for battle!Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice is a powerfully evocative journey that exemplifies the width and depth of its subject matter.  The enthralling marriage of visionary atmosphere, thought provoking narrative, vibrant sound and gripping gameplay, are proof that developers can deliver a AAA quality experience, for the cost of an independent one.  My twelve hour experience with the game has dominated my every thought, and I look forward to embracing the shadows once again.So take up your sword, claw thru your nightmare, embrace your fears, accept your past, and transcend your darkness…Link to original publication:https://synapticgaming.wordpress.com/2017/08/14/hellblade-senuas-sacrifice-review/"
,Recommended,414340,34356219,Posted: 19 August,all,"Haki ""Grey-Röck"" Belegarssøn 👉🤛","We're all prisoners of our own mind.The moment when Senua first stepped onto the path that leads to Helheim also marks the beginning of a one way trip of fear and doubt. Hellblade immediately showed us what's kinda wrong with this girl right in the beginning of the game: two voices in her head that play the role of Angel and Devil on her shoulder (sometimes they go full Devil mode) called The Furies. They narrate the situation through the player's perspective in an unorthodox manner, sometimes they mock Senua, berate her, telling her to give up, but often enough they give Senua/us direction and warn us when enemies stalking from behind. The Furies' existence turns a story that supposedly only has a single face into a thousand sounds, they seem to never let a moment of silence break through, and when sense of silence kicks in, Hellblade suddenly feels... unnerving.The Furies' perspective is just one element belongs to the theme of perception spreaded throughout Hellblade's both narrative and gameplay design. Camera deliberately moves close to Senua's back, not because it wants us to admire the combat spectacle, but makes us feel uneasy about everything outside of our vision. Every battle suddenly feels personal with a sword, the voices and blade dance moves where you mostly find out by yourself. Hellblade does take immersion seriously as there's virtually no user interface or any button prompt, which makes a relatively simple combat system a matter of self-figure. Dodge, parry, focus, chain combo light and heavy attacks, dodge slash, sprint attack, stagger kick... there's no depth on the level of Mount and Blade or For Honor to be found in here, but the thing that matters is every slash feels impactful, every move feels responsive, and every victory brings us closer to the bottom of rabbit hole.The line between illusion and reality breaks once Senua shows the sign of her psychosis. Distorted environment and glowing runes play a part of the ""perception"" puzzles which can be fairly repetitive at times. The most affecting moments come later when darkness finally plays a real threat that force us to either seek light or succumb to the mind's pain. A simple method of creating fear, yet still effective.Hellblade's narrative is mostly delivered through monologues, voiecs and visualization of Senua's perception, all wrap the main theme of lost and sacrifice. Senua's journey to look for her lover in Helheim has a lot of similarity with the tale of Nanna's grief for her husband Baldr, and the connection with Norse mythology tales doesn't stop here. Odin sacrificed for a selfish reason while Senua sacrificed for a selfless reason. The sword Gram that was forged to slay monsters eventually becomes... nah, that's stepping into spoiler territory, Imma let you figure that one out.While I did deal with depression in the past, I don't think I have enough understanding to fully discuss the portrayal of mental illness in this game. However, I can tell that Ninja Theory respect this matter enough to not romanticize it for the sake of spreading positivity - which can actually defeat the purpose of the narrative. It's not the first game this year to talk about mental illness as Night in The Woods already did that in a smaller scale and less heavy manner, but the way Ninja Theory turned it into disturbing yet beautifully designed visual galore that struck the sweet spot between being serious about the symptons and easy to understand for people who are ignorant to this subject matter. Watch the feature document after finishing the game, there's a huge chance that you will appreciate the effort Ninja Theory put into Hellblade that doesn't compromise, doesn't try to pander to a huge audience, stay true to what it aimed for, and most importantly, spreading awareness about a matter plaguing modern society that need more attention towards it."
,Recommended,414340,34126613,Posted: 9 August,all,perfectvolta67,"This is a Masterpiece.  Gameplay is basically a puzzly walking simulater with fighting mechanics thrown in from time to time.  I will say DO NOT play this game without headphones.  It is a very crucial part of the immersion.The story is also good.  To me this was more of an experience than an actual game.  There was a lot of tense moments throughout the story, and also the impending permadeath if you died too many times was always there in the back of my mind always making me weigh my options more carefully, especially in the late game.Some of the set pieces in the game were on such a grand scale as well.  This was definitly hard to pull my eyes away from.Thank you Ninja Theory for an awesome game.  All is forgiven for DMC.I do have 2 technical issues.1.  Some frame rate drops after about 4 hrs of play time.2.  audio-sync was off by more than 1 second in some cut scenes.The game was too good to really care that much though.  But that's me."
,Recommended,414340,34246967,Posted: 14 August,all,therockduck,"I'm blown away. This is probably the best game in the genre.Be prepared for averydark story.As a female, I was really struck by the♥♥♥♥♥♥scene right at the starting boss Valravn! But I'm grateful for the experience, no matter how hard it was to watch.The storytelling is just genious. Also, the combat system is very satisfying and rather difficult before you get the hang of it - but in a good way.I love how you get connected to Senua. An boy oh boy, the voices. I hope you guys have a headset because it's a must. Welcome to the mind of a psychotic person. Also, a big shout out to the voice actress, she did a divine job.I can't think of anything negative at this point. It's a brilliant game. Go play it."
,Recommended,414340,34716342,Posted: 3 September,all,Almeida,"Don't play this if you just want to have an hour of fun. Don't buy this and expect to get a game involving some combat and some puzzle solving. Don't get this because you looked at a trailer and thought it looked cool. Don't start this because you were impressed with the motion capture or the graphical achievements...Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is not a game. It's a masterpiece in storytelling. It's an unforgettable experience that will make you rethink your reality. It's a game changer in interactive art. It will probably make you cry. It is unlikely to find an equal in the near future...So in summary: Play this! Wear headphones, get immersed in Senua's world, feel with her, worry for her, cry for her. You will not regret it!"
,Recommended,414340,34115223,Posted: 8 August,all,Freeman,"Just when you've thought that it's all been done, this game manages to explore an area that none have. This game blends graphics, sound, environment immersion and voice acting with superb story telling into one experience that is well worth the $30 price tag. Highly  recommended to play with headphones to get the full experience. Two thumbs up! This game is just absolutely stunning and exhilarting !!"
,Recommended,414340,34150492,Posted: 10 August,all,Chaosian,"Do not purchase this game if you aren't willing to play a 75-80% walking simulator. Most of the game consists of walking/jogging around in third person perspective completing puzzles, and this is broken up by segments of combat which were greater in number than I had expected. I found that, interestingly, I only got tired of the combat when I was at the very end. The pacing's good like that. The introduction to the game is one huge cutscene so don't expect to drop into combat as soon as you start the game. The game has a much more refined, leisurely pace for the most part. It's a psychological puzzle game. Not an action-oriented blockbuster. Remember that when you click the 'purchase' option.The combat is fantastic. Whilst it's lacking in 'finishing moves,' it's very satisfying and you can't stun-cheese the enemies until they die. The dodging mechanic is very finely tuned, and you will often find yourself attacking at the same time as an enemy, and you will be able to dodge out of the way mid-attack, which makes a LOT of difference. There's some variance to the kinds of enemies you face, and the game will always test if you've learned a new mechanic by putting you up against new forms of enemies. There are literally no tutorials in the game. You either read the control layout in the pause menu, or you just spam buttons until you do something. Even if you didn't read the controls, the fighting mechanics are pretty intuitive so it won't take long to get a grasp on that.Something that has really fascinated me about this game is the use of the main character's schizophrenia. YOU WILL BE HEARING A LOT OF BACKGROUND WHISPERING. This can be irritating, but that's the point. You have to endure it, because the voices will sometimes give you crucial advice, like telling you when an enemy is trying to flank you, or sometimes even giving you emotional support. You can't just ignore the whispers and laughs in the background and I think that's a very important thing to implement - after all, the mental illness is literally part of the character and simply being able to phase them out would be missing out on an opportunity.The puzzles are not difficult, but they are all the same, if this makes sense. If you've ever played The Witness, this game's puzzles will bring back fond memories. Whilst the puzzles are, mechanically, mostly the same with the odd new feature added in within each new area you explore, you will quickly learn that the solution is more often than not hidden in plain sight.The game is not 'story-rich'. Ignore that tag. It's more about development of the main character and understanding who she is. Don't worry, she's not some Mary-Sue invincible strong womyn - she has real depth and flavour, and real weaknesses. Getting psychological advisors and the experiences of people who have dealt with psychosis makes a massive difference in how 'real' the character's personality feels. You will question throughout almost the entirety of the game whether your quest is even real or not, and I won't spoil it, but there's no stupid 'it was all a dream lmao' ending. Trust me, there's no cop-outs.If I were to rate this game, I'd give it an overall 8.7 out of 10. The combat, pacing, ambience, character design, and visuals are all stunningly good - there was a lot of love poured into this game. The only downsides are you might find the third-person walking around factor monotonous if you are easily bored, and there are a few bugs here and there that you very likely will not encounter. Also the puzzles are not difficult - just time consuming.Oh, I almost forgot. If you explore enough you will be rewarded with a passionate man telling you tales from Norse mythology. Very fun to listen to and it breaks up the monotony of long-winded puzzle solutions. Also don't die. You won't die if you try hard not to, but there is a very real threat of permanently losing your progress and having to start over. I think if that happened to me, I'd put down the game and not play it, because the replay value is zero. I also think that if you screw up that badly, you shouldn't even be playing the game in the first place. It's not hard if you use your head.Breddy gud job, Ninja Theory. I really think you got that AAA quality rating you were aiming for. You'd never guess this was Indie."
76561198201354858,Recommended,414340,35245152,Posted: 27 September,all,✪ mathias™,so good game
,Recommended,414340,34151210,Posted: 10 August,all,HCH,"Senua's Sacrifice can be summed in a single sentence. A one of a kind, haunting journey, delivered in the form of a so-so character action.I've played games with more combat depth on the ps1, but I've never come across a more striking depiction of pyschosis in interactive media. The setting, the world itself, is menacing in a way that is truly difficult to describe as anything but nightmarish - equally dreamlike as it is terrifying. The private gardens of he gods, ancient forests with lush undergrowth are lit by the rays of the sun done so well that is both familiar and genuinely gorgeous... but sometimes, if you look closely, you could almost swear that the sundappled tree's shadows take the form of blinking, shifting eyes...Touches like the above mentioned are all pervasive and are a pure, creepy wonder to experience. Well executed, stunning visuals overflowing with creativity and an outstanding artistic vision. I've played plenty of games that tried to look as pretty as possible, but few that played with their visuals so overtly in an attempt to evoke such a palpable atmosphere.And the sound design. My god. It's an ASMR video meets a metalchorus choir dedicated to Viking Cthulu, with a dash of anxiety spiking running commentary by the ghosts of ♥♥♥♥♥es past. The voice acting is easily a match for the best in the business, and even then, I'm having a hard time thinking of anything that actually outperforms Senua's Sacrifice. The music is low-key, but definitely present - it enhances any scene it plays in but is never truly the focus of the sounds you hear. The binural (?) audio is fantaaaaaaaastic, the sound engineers behind it deserve AWARDS. It's like a hometheater directly plugged into your brain, but even better. Sometimes it well and truly feels like there is a woman talking in my ear.As the for gameplay itself... eh. Lots of walking, lots of puzzle solving, only made palatable by the setting itself. Does not stand up by its own merit in pure gameplay sense, especially if you consider the combat. It's simplistic. No ifs, ands or buts. Light attack, heavy attack, melee guard break, dodge and block. That is it. Imagine over the shoulder Dark Souls without the rpg elements like stamina management, gear etc. Honestly expected better from Ninja Theory. Not challenging and not particularly engaging.In conclusion, if you're gonna buy this game it shouldn't be for the combat but to experience the tragedy that is Senua's story and her horrifying struggle with her debilatating, reality warping mental health disorders. Also, norse mythology is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing sick."
76561198147950517,Recommended,414340,34137403,Posted: 9 August,all,The HarLaned Quin,"* * * * *  This game could've been an easy 60$ retail...5 stars <3Everything a Puzzle game should've been with hack and slash mechanics. Excellent Story!12 hours in on hard difficulty.  4k graphics, Phewwwww!!I'm pretty close to the end of the main story...I think...LOL.This game has compelled me back into the roots of my favorite games and storys. This one is based on mythology and the  mindset of the person in this world. The immersion is real, I shed a few tears.  Hoping for DLC.... WILL GLADLY PAYGlitches at some locations when holding the focus button, then you fall.<<<< Only glitch encountered thus farSpoiler Below *********************************************True story of a psychosis, HELLISH CURSE lol and how it can Benefit and / or be your demise. </3"
,Recommended,414340,34158341,Posted: 10 August,all,drewb,"Gameplay, combat, ""puzzles"" are all straightforward but the story was uniquely captivating. From a visual and audio perspective this game was outstanding.(Although the combat could have been more fluid it was still ultimately satisfying and I never got bored in the seven hours it took me to complete).9/10 much respect for NinjaTheory after this - this game was a work of art more than anything. Look forward to what they produce in the future."
,Recommended,414340,34164541,Posted: 11 August,all,Yung Scootur,Senua's Sacrifice may be slow paced but not every game is meant to be a Micheal bay movie the games about alot more than beating up on Norse gods. it has a well designed plot aswell as puzzles and a somewhat subtle hint towards the characters psychosis. 10/10 great game just have a bit of patience
76561198060806760,Recommended,414340,34131569,Posted: 9 August,all,liXustRiip,Combat is so Intense! Story will drag you to keep playing and puzzles are good not too hard but not boring at all. Only con is the death penalty at least for some people might be but not to me. It's a buy!
76561198023354783,Recommended,414340,34131770,Posted: 9 August,all,enno8472,"Even though Ninja Theory Calls Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice a ""half game"" i could say it is a wonderful masterpiece. After the first playthrough it feels like i haven't had enough of this lovely digitalized but heavily disturbed young warrior-princess. I've bought the game for the 29.99€ at Preorder release and i can say it's worth every single cent of it. It's a pity, that there will be no Hardcopies to buy, for i would love to have a Collector's Edition standing on my bookshelf. I can only imagine what this Box would have contained...But HELL YEAH Hellblade is a wonderful game. Every single piece of the game is made with such grade of details, you could tell, the guys and gals at Ninja Theory loved developing it. The expressions on the Face of Senua are marvelous.Thank you Ninja Theory!I cannot Wait for the seqel to this game..."
76561198177040081,Recommended,414340,35121860,Posted: 21 September,all,FeelGuilty,THIS GAME IS PERFECT WHEN YOU ALONE IN THE NIGHT
76561197976244919,Recommended,414340,34096377,Posted: 7 August,all,n0maD82,"Best way to play it is with your lights off, and your headphones on and loud.The fighting it's actually easy to get use to, maybe because the monsters (or whatever they are), have been easy.They'll probably get harder to fight later on in the game.I think what got to me the most were the voices.They made me just keep turning when I was moving because I thought something was behind me.But so far, it is a great game."
,Recommended,414340,34120015,Posted: 9 August,all,Tiz,"I ended up saying out loud ""♥♥♥♥ THE SHUT UP!"" in frustration to the voices when they wouldn't let me listen to the other voices.10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34164916,Posted: 11 August,all,badr-almutairi,good game
76561198330947743,Recommended,414340,34112438,Posted: 8 August,all,Lewal1ty,WOW! What an immersive game.. And to think I live so close to what and who this game is based on (Senuna/Senua!) Also a big well done to the guys at 'Ninja Theory' what a beautiful game indeed! ive only played 2 hours so far! I'm in love with this game already.. Great Work!
76561197989446682,Recommended,414340,34299777,Posted: 16 August,all,bluewolf_018,"Wow, just wow...Never have I ever seen a demonstration of mental illness that was as immersive and down-to-earth realistic in its portrayal of psychosis and the most extreme examples of the human condition. Kudo's for the research that the content creators put into the Norse and Celtic (Pictish) cultures and mythos. Fantastic storytelling in a way that videogames are uniquely qualified to achieve. 10/10 - this is a must play."
,Recommended,414340,34300727,Posted: 16 August,all,Bata,"Absolutely loved this game. Only took me 6 hours with a little exploration, but I guarentee you'll love the amount of work they put in to tell Senua's story.If you're more for story games than full on combat 24/7 you'll love this game.The combat itself was a bit touchy at times, but other than that it definitely provided a challenge.Looking forward to the second one!!"
76561198010470098,Recommended,414340,34305848,Posted: 17 August,all,St.Ranger,"Good game, but definitely not for everyone. The atmosphere is top notch (I had some of the most intense experiences in it compared to any other game I've previously played), but the gameplay can be tedious at times. I mostly enjoyed it quite a bit. I don't think I'll ever be replaying it, but I think my time and money were well spent."
,Recommended,414340,34300116,Posted: 16 August,all,"Destroy, Erase, Improve","I supported this game from the beginning when it was first announced. Have to say that I did enjoy it for the most part. But onslaughts of the same enemies left me feeling incredibly frustrated. As far as gameplay is concerned you pretty much do 2 things... You find environmental runes and you fight HORDES of enemies.PROS:-Amazing visuals & animations-The most realistic character both visually and in an acting sense that I have seen in a video game period-Great story-Senua actress is just amazing. She really makes the character come alive-Fluid combat that feels great with every sword strike-Playing this with headphones seriously makes you feel like you have voices whispering in your ears. Sounds fantastic!!!-Fantastically optimized. Played at 60 FPS at 4K-Really appreciated the mental health elements. Really well done-You really feel like your in a descent into hell...-The desolation in the environment just felt so right. It didnt need any NPC's to pad it outCONS:-Combat is an absolute slog... Face dozens of the same enemies over and over and over and over and over....-Experience is reasonably linear-Puzzles are ok. Only just ok... But they made sense in the context of the game-Ending just left me going ""what just happened?"". At least it wasnt a sad ending...-I finished the game feeling like the experience was lacking somewhat. I think I wished there was more environmental interaction.I wouldnt play it again. I just could not face those terrible onslaught sections of multiple enemies that felt like game padding and slowed the experience. Eventually, every time a fight started I was just so over it because you knew you were about to face between 15-50 bad guys. But in between those fights was a story that I really appreciated. I felt for Senua and her journey. I cant wait to see what Ninja Theory has in store for us."
,Recommended,414340,34306473,Posted: 17 August,all,Emil,Game of the year
76561198061184987,Recommended,414340,34300356,Posted: 16 August,all,Desert_Stormer_,"*No Spoilers Just A Review* This by far is in my top 10 games of all time. Although the gameplay is somewhat simplistic and easy to master with simple combos the game itself is absolutly satisfying and amazing. The story in this game was so unique from other games going in blind I had no idea what the game was about or what the plot was, so going in blind and experiencing the story and watching it unfold in front of me was confusing and horrific at the same time. As the game progressess you get a understanding of what is occuring within Senua and what the plot trully is. The puzzles in the game are challenging but not impossible leaving no time of irratation or becoming stuck. The game all around is a must play and for $30 it is well worth your time to take this adventure and see the story for yourself."
,Recommended,414340,34302750,Posted: 17 August,all,Panduhh </3,"Honestly, I really liked the game. I've seen a lot of reviews on the game where people didn't like it or refunded it, but I feel like that's because they were expecting a different game overall. Most of my friends who didn't enjoy it or refunded it thought there would have been more random combat and fighting rather than going through planned combat scenes. They wanted more action and fighting. I get what they mean but I also understand that, that's not the game or where they thought the game was going to be like that. They basically thought this game was going to be like another Horizon Zero dawn/Tomb Raider.The graphics were beautiful. The audio was great! I streamed it and even my viewers thought the audio was amazing.I don't know if I didn't pay attention enough or because I played the game in two sittings at two different times, but I was kind of confused on what was going on or why she was doing what she was doing. I get the game basically deals with Psychosis which is also another unique aspect of the game, but it definetly was a little confusing. Overall I enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone and everyone to give it a try if you appreciate unique games with interesting stories, and beautiful graphics. Again, this isn't Horizon Zero dawn"
76561198123523245,Recommended,414340,34301165,Posted: 16 August,all,Plank.,"---NEUTRAL REVIEW---So far I've seen people claim this game as a masterpiece or other people have some type of issue with it. I feel like I wanna put my two pennies into the mix lol. This game deserves a neutral review from me. This isn't a game I can see myself playing again, but its something I don't regret investing my time into. I'm trying not to type a full- on review since I'm planning to make a review on this game soon (check out my youtube :D). In the very beginning, a good hour into the game, I felt completely ripped off. The game had one long cutscene, then I ran into three bugs. (infinite ladder, invisible door, looped words of voices.) Which this game then somewhat expects the player to understand what the hell is going on. It was not long til I realized the tedious recipe of this game. Go into combat, find runes, hear dialouge, find runes, hear dialouge, repeat. Personally, I feel some potential might have been lost in a survival aspect (hear me out). I understand 200% this is a story driven narrative and shouldn't even look towards any type of combat but more towards the story. But I would've loved to see some type of armor creation of makeshift items you craft from maybe wood or twine, but when you take hard hits the armor breaks, idk something that makes this feel more immersive. Maybe skippable stone collectable focus thingies, because I can care less about the f*cking northmen I'm trying to get through Senua's story. Aww and my biggest issue with this game was the inconsistency of its momentum (hear me out again lol) imagine going through one large battle, I mean one where you barely survived and you were just straight going in.  Then right after you expect some cinematic cutscene explaining more in-depth about dillion or her mother (which I enjoyed a lot). Nah fam get cucked instead go look for some runes to open this door. Those moments in the game made me want to refund or just give up. They felt so overused and honestly just something put in the game to make it feel longer. I wouldn't suggest this game for 30, MAYBE 20. If this was 15 dollars though it would be a fair price. If you can stand walking/running constanly and a game with constant downtime go ahead you might love it. At one point it felt like a chore for me.How about play it for an hour to see if you like it?"
,Recommended,414340,34879716,Posted: 11 September,all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"The game is best enjoyed with headphones so you can fully experience the voices in Senuas head.Hellblade is narrativley stunning, the story kept me hooked for the whole game.The game is made up of fighting sequences and puzzle sequences, you will be looking for symbols that match rune locked gates to progress as well as fighting various enemies.There are waystones you can find which add to the story and lore of the world of hellblade along the way too.The combat in this game is spectacular, combat is fast,fluid and Senua's attacks feel skillful and precise.The combat is a lot more personal in this game as you target one emey at a time, the voices in her head will sometimes help her if an attack is incomming. Your attacks build up focus which you can unleash to slow down time and her sword will hit harder. Excellently done combat system i couldnt get enough of it.The game is a 6-10 hour experience and for the price when you consider the quality of the game i believe its worth it."
76561198067235277,Not Recommended,414340,35484718,Posted: 4 October,all,Sagrim,"Now this one is hard to judge. On one hand, there is great visuals, sounds and somewhat interesting story about sending belowed to the Walhalla, BUT on the other, You have crap combat system... and there are a lot of things people seem to completely not telling to potential fans/buyers.Oh sure, it won hell lot of a things. It certainly deserves the praise for the above, but in reality, people should not expect something extremely awesome.Importnat points:- The game is more of a walking simulator with a ""puzzle"" here and there and a ""combat"" here and there. Most of the time You spend walking in usually dark areas looking for that odd rune to finish a puzzle. And there is nothing else of a puzzle really.- There is only one way forward. And narrow as hell so any clearing means combat in like 90% of cases.- Although visually apealing, it does shoot itself in the leg several times, where You just can't see f*ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ even though the game actually expect You to see at least something. So the initial light/brightness mod should be taken with a pinch of salt.- Combat is clunky, non responsive and utterly mind numbing. If I hate something about this game, it's the combat. There are like 6 or 7 enemy variations, later on usually spawning 2 or 3 at a time. Since You are always ""locked"" to fight with one and with a camera so close over the shoulder, You see s*it and although the voices are helpful in giving You hint You are being attacked from behind, due to the block, dodge, attack system it means absolutely nothing.- Combat healing revolve around striking and avoiding enemy hits to charge up Senua's mirror. it can hold three charges and each one will give You full health (since there is no health bar it just feels like it) and it will go into slow mo mode. You can strike more damage at Your opponents. In most cases You kill them. So, the combat is, dodge, hit, power up, defeat.- The very first boss fights were cool. They reminded me of Batman games, where every bad guy had a special weakness. But past certain point in the game the fights are just boring, time consuming and breaking immersion like nothing else.- The combat might be better if played with a gamepad, but since I usually play on KB/Mouse, I had not this opportunity to test if the game is actually playable that way. In my setup the combat was a horror.- The entire voices thing is nice addition, but it actually start to get ignored later on as the voices are there just to... well... distract You. They are not giving You anything apart of a direction, laughter, fearmongering or wishing you the worst. Although they change the mood and periodicity in which they appear on various places, they really serve no other purpose than to let You feel like You have voices in Your head as mentally ill persons would had.- Visuals are heavy at flickering light, odd colors and hues, fast crosses between light and dark. People with epilepsy should stay very far away from this game. Period.- A bit daring experiment with game progress and live in the game. When You die or well... You get defeated by enemies or environment, then You are reseted to the last checkpoint with a bit more dark veins on your hand. The more deaths, the darker and closer to head it gets. When You reach head, the game ends. Like You have to start completely over. While it is an interesting concept and I do like it, it has one major flaw. This game has 0 replayability. That means, if You die later in the game, You will most likely won't like to put another 4 - 5 hours to get to the same spot doing the very same s*it again. I mean this is not Skyrim, there is nothing new along that way, that could change the feelings. It's like watching Once upon a time in the West and restarting the movie after second hour of the movie never seeing how it ends, yet You can enjoy again the ride up to that point. NOT.- The main character, the actress, should really receive all the praise. Not the game, but her. It's not about voice acting. It's about her overall performance. The facial expressions and details of emotions are priceless.I would give it 65%, but that just does not deserves thumb up. I played it. I enjoyed it (somewhat), but it's not THAT good. Yes, it has nice puzzles and cool Norse mythos in it if You care to hear it (find it), an exceptional acting performance, but it's the combat and so simple movement and gets repetitive fast. It has very much the same repetitive syndrom as RISE:Son of Rome."
,Recommended,414340,34422374,Posted: 22 August,all,Salamicrow,"I bought 7.1 headphones for this game and it was totally worth it. Amazing journey in sound, story and imagery."
,Recommended,414340,34460552,Posted: 24 August,all,Pfisi,This is by far one of the best Games i have ever played !Love it !would play again :D  10/10
,Recommended,414340,34103928,Posted: 8 August,all,Linkfish!,"I've played for about 3 hours straight and feel that I've experienced suffiicient of the game to give a review. I'm at the bit with the shards, so I've played a good chunk so far.TL:DR - overall I'm giving the game 8/10.---------------------------------------------------Pro's:* Very well optimized. I've got the game maxed out and am running max fps constantly. Only very very few frame drops mostly when loading a new area.* Absolutely gorgeous, I think Hellblade - Senua's Sacrifice must be one of the most beautiful games I have ever played in my life. I am playing everything maxed out on a 1080 Ti , on an Acer Predator X34a curved 3440x1440 Monitor.* The story is intense and great so far, although not for everyone I think. Having worked with mentally ill people in the past myself (schizophrenia mostly) , I can relate to how the main character is feeling and the voices in the game. The story has not bored me and makes me want to continue playing.* Combat is simplistic but intense. People have reported it being too easy, but this game would become very frustraing if you'd go game over all the time. I found the combat enjoyable and challenging enough to make me want to experience more. The difference in enemies could be a little more, but the boss fights have been great!---------------------------------------------------Cons:* The character runs a bit slow. Some puzzles require quite a bit of running up and down which starts feeling like a drag.* Puzzles are simple in the beginning but become more challenging throughout the game. What disappointed me was that the puzzles quickly become repetitive.* Not really a con, but the story is a bit weird, definitely not for everyone!---------------------------------------------------Overall I am very happy with my purchase. It's definitely not for everyone, but it's a nice game changer. Lately I've been very bored and can't decide what to play, this game is nothing I have experienced before and is quite original. I feel there's a happy and good balance between challenging, storyline, combat, and narration.I'm giving this game an 8/10 so far, with the main downside that the puzzles become a little bit repetitive.I most definitely recommend buying this game, if you are into adventure games with simple but enjoyable combat, and if you don't shy away from an original, but weird storyline."
,Recommended,414340,34120582,Posted: 9 August,all,Roadblock47,"THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!The story got me really good, like i am right there in the game it self and i symphatise with the character... worth every cent... whom ever likes adventure games with rich and i mean RICH story this is THE GAME... Ninja Theory made a masterpiece with this game, and i thank them for that... i have been following their journey since they announced the MAKING of the game and i enjoyed every bit of it till the end... i will not make this long but i congratulate to everyone at Ninja Theory for making such an emersive experience..."
,Recommended,414340,34106339,Posted: 8 August,all,Gamer's Dogma,"WARNING SPOILERS IF YOU HAVENT PLAYED THE GAME YET.  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.Ever since the announcement at E3, I have followed the development process through the dev diaries on youtube giving me ideas for my own projects.  Now that the game is out and I have played through it, it's time to give my opinion.  Despite the length of the game, (6-8 hours) this is a good game.  The first thing to note is the visuals which were amazing.  Each section of the game was stunning and realistic.  The amount of detail to each model from the characters to the plants and structures kept a smile on my face.  I did think at first Hellblade was more open world, but instead, it was more story driven.  Which is ok.Speaking of the story, finding out about what Senua has gone through drove the story to follow.  Making her face her inner-most demons.  I cannot help thinking that the monsters she faced in the game would the men who attacked her people.  And Senua in her own way here journeyed to this place and massacred the entire raiding party.  Integrating the story with the puzzles what a good call.  Using the environment to look for symbols and looking through archways to reveal a path kept me interested.  I quite like the Odin challenges, making me think differently about a scenario.  The one that stood out the most was the blinding challenge.  I kept thinking one of the creatures which jump out and grab me.The combat is fun.  You had to fight differently depending on which enemy you were fighting.  Leaving the difficulty level of the automatic was a good idea, turning it down when you die.  It kept me on my feet when a massive group of them came at me.  And using the focus ability, kept me going.Overall, this is my favourite game of 2017 so far.  It would be nice to see if they will take Senna's story further."
76561198054166429,Recommended,414340,34112302,Posted: 8 August,all,StatelyPuddle,"Are you looking for combat?Tons of areas to explore?Hundreds of hours of entertainment?-Then this game is not for you.Are you looking for a deep story?Excellent storytelling?Voices that most likely drive you insane?Beautiful graphics and a breathtaking atmosphere?A lifetime experience?- If yes, this game is for you."
76561198115277028,Recommended,414340,34097785,Posted: 8 August,all,charrison118,"From what I've played so far the game has been great. The graphics and audio in this game do a great job at keeping you invested and interested in the story and world, even if the combat does seem a little light. The animations during combat are really well done and make the combat a bit more interesting at least visually. I haven't had any performance issues so far, getting 100+ fps with an EVGA 1070, 6700k and 16gb ram. Easy recommendation to those that like story driven games and experiences."
,Recommended,414340,34098582,Posted: 8 August,all,[GG]GHOSTCAMP,I stongly advise you guys to try this game!its like a mix between res7-tomb raider-shadow of mordor-darksouls.it has fantastic graphics !the main charecter is a female !the combat system is simple and nice!its creepy!be advised:dying too much will make this game harder till and darkness spreads more on your body if it reaches your mind the game starts from the beginning.
,Recommended,414340,34132159,Posted: 9 August,all,Nesz,"Were you ever wondering how people with schizophrenia feels like? No? Doesn't really matter. This game is more like a 'movie' but everyone who prefers storyline than gameplay will be satisfied. Every aspect of this game is polished, combat is simple but animations are really good and the graphic.. is just amazing. I had good time playing it, hope there will be more games like this."
76561198054773976,Recommended,414340,34224279,Posted: 13 August,all,Stealthy Cockatrice,"Steam reviews sadly have a huge tendency to exagerate the quality of a game. A lot will say this is a masterpiece or they were blown away. Sadly that is highly not the case.The gameplay is below average with huge pacing issues, extremely easy and repetitive puzzle mechanics and tedious combat so much that when it starts it drags on for far too long and offers almost no variety at all. Later in the game this becomes more obvious as you will have to fight wave after wave after wave and at that point you'll wish you never bought this game on full price.The atmosphere and every aspect of it is interesting. Textures are terrible and most of the environments wont blow your mind however it does feel fresh most of the times. Sound design is decent and it helps create atmosphere especially the voices in her head and music is okay I guess.Now onto the main aspect of the game. The story. As I mentioned earlier this is not amazing, nor a masterpiece, nothing ""wow"" about it. Its a decent story about a girls madness to save her beloved man while suffering mental issues and visions. Its an interesting concept though I feel like the way it ended this was executed poorly. Still, I have to give props to the developers. The voices in Senua's head were really good and the fact that you dont really know what is real or not made the overall experience okay.I will recommend the game but not at full price. Get it on a sale. 7/10"
76561197999077357,Recommended,414340,34108200,Posted: 8 August,all,bad as(s) eyesight,What i saw from this game was really awesome and the sound is amazing as well. On story level this game really is recomandible but for me there are some huge technical issues.Played for half an hour but with this motion blur i get motion sick and filmgrain sucks hard. But if you disable postprocessing at all it has a huge impact on the visuals so i dont want to do thatWhat this game needs is a bigger optionmenu make all these postprocessing effekts in option of their own pls.Also the camera centering is really annoying. i dont want to look half way to the sky when i need to see whats infront of me on the ground.Its not playable for me in this constitution at the moment hope fixes will come
,Recommended,414340,34127535,Posted: 9 August,all,Joseph Stalin,ASMR SIMULATOR
,Recommended,414340,34115169,Posted: 8 August,all,CoraTora,OMGOMGOMGOMG good game.
,Recommended,414340,34172073,Posted: 11 August,all,Voodoo Boogie,"very spooky, quality skelingtons. worth your money."
76561198133804303,Recommended,414340,34169881,Posted: 11 August,all,Th3_DUDE,Hell Yeah!!!!
,Recommended,414340,34203568,Posted: 12 August,all,GladiOol,"8/10Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is not a perfect game, but the story and its impact is one to surely leave a mark in your memories. I found it very interesting to see a game depict psychological problems in the way that it did. From beginning to end, it felt like a journey through the mind of Senua, with all its horrors invested within."
76561197977002812,Recommended,414340,34253656,Posted: 15 August,all,Zapp,EpicInsightfulCaptivate
76561198141436299,Not Recommended,414340,35146762,Posted: 23 September,all,Uncanny Pigeon,"Good game. Problem is 20% and 80% filler. Purposefully tedious and slow ""puzzles"", bad checkpoints and poor design choices. Spawned into a combat scenario in a non combat mode, so I couldn't die or attack, leading me to be stuck in the same downed animation."
,Recommended,414340,34462630,Posted: 24 August,all,Bre!Tl!ng,"This game is an experience you should not miss!(PS: After you finished the game, watch the video from the main menu, it will answer most of your open questions!)"
76561198079838836,Recommended,414340,34152942,Posted: 10 August,all,Loading.....,Best game so far!!!!!!!!!!! Gj
,Recommended,414340,34187106,Posted: 12 August,all,Bikonja,"First of all, thank you Ninja Theory for this incredible experience!Now on to the review.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a game that has an agenda - to raise awarness of mental health issues. As a person suffering from a mental ilness, I jumped at this game not really expecting it to be great as a game. Boy, was I wrong.While the game suffers from some issues here and there, it is still a really enjoyable experience even if you don't care for the mental health aspect of it. The combat is enjoyable, albeit simple and occassionally suffering from a camera problem (more about that later). The puzzles range from ok through fun to satisfying. The graphics are really good. Sound is great. Levels design is great. And of course, the story is great.The mental health issues are of great importance to the game and tie into the mechanics brilliantly, but they are not the main focus of the game as I expected. If you took the mental health issues out of the game and changed just a tiny bit to account for the lack of ""interface"" that they provide, you would still have a good game. They are used in such a way that they essentially control you, much like in the real world. They become your ""interface"". You need to learn to put them to good use, just like in the real world. I am honestly really impressed by this aspect of the game.It's worth mentioning the games rot system. It serves as a permadeath system, much like in the games in the old days but done in a much better way. It ties into the game so brilliantly that for the most part I don't mind it, even though I always hated that you can get to the near end of the game, then die and be sent to the beginning of the game. In this game, it works perfectly to underline the whole point of the game and I've managed to complete the game without perma-dying anyway so the number of lives before perma-death is good.And finally, I'd like to just list some of the more specific good and the bad.A few notable issues I do have with the game are:- the camera in battle sometimes goes to a place where you can't see anything from and you have to blindly move to a different spot to see the battle- the fiery entity chasing you in one of the trials through the mazelike room is something where you'll likely die several times because a tiny mistake almost certainly leads to death which in a normal game would be ok, but with permadeath this section frustrated me a bit too much- The audio gets desynchronized from the video much too often and it throws off the immersion which is a really important aspect so I'd urge Ninja Theory to fix this, although even with these problems, I was still immersed even if annoyed at timesA few great things about the game:- No GUI, the interface is pretty much your senses which is why you absolutely must use headphones for this game; you'll find yourself listening to the voices in your head and realising that, while you've been stuck trying to figure out something, the voices in your head already figured it out and are telling you what to do- The pacing in the game is something I really like, even if it becomes a little predictable; you'll be pretty much in a fight, puzzle solving, fight, puzzle solving pace, with the odd exception here and there of two fights or two puzzles in a row, but I was never really fatigued by either aspect- The game is motion captured so animation quality is great, which is very important in this type of game (although the facial expressions still seemed a little bit wooden at times, I'm not sure why but I think the motion capture resolution might have been a bit too low)- Voice acting is great which, again, is very important for this type of game- The documentary about the game that's included within the game is a great touch!The game ran fine on my PC, other than for the occassional stutter which I suspect was because I ran it off of my HDD and not my SSD.I played on the highest settings and I have an i7-6700K, GTX 1070 and 16GB of RAM."
76561198280324653,Recommended,414340,34097296,Posted: 7 August,all,ZenAssassin,"Update: After playing some more, the only update I have is that the game does slow down a bit (in fps) during the later sections. It never becomes so choppy that it's unplayable but in certain areas it definitely struggles to maintain a stable framerate. I wouldn't be too concerened though, it runs well enough overall and it's probably more my CPU than anything else. I did have one black screen that solved itself after alt-tabbing.---This is my feedback of the little time I had so far with Hellblade.I'm running a quad-core potato with a RX480 @1200p, all settings maxed and the game runs mostly solid @60fps. PC optimizations seems to have been done properly.As said by many reviewers already, this game needs decent headphones. The voices all around you seem to be giving you tips about how to progress and they're all sounding haunting and match the atmosphere perfectly. The way that they seem to whisper in your ears is extremely well executed and helps immerse you in the experience.Note that so far this seems far more an audio-visual art piece with heavy narrative as opposed to a combat game. Graphics are fantastic with a very trippy art style. Except from the occasional blurry texture, everything looks crisp and the character detail rivals that of games like the latest tomb raider. Impressive for such a small studio to say the least.I'd say this game seems, so far at least, more focused on delivering a unique art style with haunting and mysterious narrative. There are some simple puzzles and the combat looks cool but (from videos I've seen) seems ultimately fairly straight forward. The games' length could also be a concern (around 6h or so I've heard). That said, if you like great sound design, trippy narrative and an audiovisual spectacle, this game seems to fit the bill. To me, it's amazing that such a small studio can deliver such a unique and all round polished experience. I'd recommend it to anyone willing to try something unique or anyone who wants to support a small independent studio.If I've played more, I might update this review."
76561198023251997,Recommended,414340,34213035,Posted: 13 August,all,onetwo27,"It's hard to find games that are rich in the narration. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, is one such brilliant game that gives you that deep connection to a game and how you want to unravel what lies ahead for her. It took some time to get used to the camera and the sensitivity. If you haven't picked it up, spare no time in thinking twice, add to cart and enjoy the game.Here's a gameplay video of mine :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIgnEon3pcU"
76561198006598066,Recommended,414340,34213232,Posted: 13 August,all,Juuken,"First off: As an Intel/Nvidia user I experienced no performance issues whatsoever, using max settings and WQHD resolution.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice carries you off to a journey into the mind of a troubled young woman. The voices and memories in her head are a constant companion along the way. Sometimes they help you, sometimes they confuse you, sometimes they try to scare you, sometimes they mock you, and sometimes they are plainly getting on your nerves. 3D audio creates the feeling that these voices come from every direction. Near, far - it's almost as if someone sits on your shoulder whispering in your ear. I mention that, because it's almost the first thing you notice, when starting the game and it's done very well - technically as well as in terms of voice acting. The music in this game is coherent and tasteful. It fits every situation, never feels out of place or time.Graphically the game looks amazing. There are some people who claim world textures look bad. I don't share their opinion. The environment looks convincing to me. Taking a look at Senua, the main protagonist, should eradicate any left over doubts. There is so much visual detail on this character, I found myself several minutes in sum just studying them. Sometimes Senua encounters what seem to be ghosts. Graphically they are real live captures of some actors, blurred a bit, to make them look ghostly. This can feel a bit out of place and weird, but in the end, for what they are, you can accept them.Gameplay: You're confronted with mainly visual riddles. Find matching patterns, travelling through alternative versions of a map to find a way around obstacles, blurred visions where you have to focus on details to find the right direction. Sometimes you have stealth segments, or segments where you get important imput from the vibration of your gamepad. These riddles and tasks are not particularly hard to master, but from time to time you will  have to think and look closely. It's not a stressfull experience, but it's also not painfully obvious. All in all I think it's a good mix of tasks, aimed toward casual players. Which is fine for me. I liked it.The fights: Fights are visually well presented. When Senua fights it's pleasing to look at, because her fighting style is akin to a dance. The controls are fluent and fun. It just feels right and even when there is no tutorial, you somehow figure it out without big efforts. The whole game lacks any hud, but you will always see what is happening, and you will always know when a situation is critical. It's so well done, you almost can feel Senua's pain yourself. Difficulty within the fights is rather steered by quantity, than by quality. If you're carefull and attentive you will master each enemy in a short period of time. However, sometimes many enemies will sorround you and that's when things get a bit more exciting. You then will have to position yourself tactically and/or prove some quick reaction capacities. Otherwise you will simply be pummeled into the ground. Boss fights mix it a bit up. Sometimes you have the chance to slow down speed for the enemies, which gives you an advantage in certain situations, but this effect will drain and vanish. You cannot rely on it forever. Again it's certainly not the most challenging experience, especially not when you're accustomed to fights like in Salt and Sanctuary or Darksouls, but if you're good and like to mess around a bit, just to make your character look cool, you will have some enjoyable moments for sure. After all, this game's emphasis doesn't lie on combat. It's story driven.And Hellblade does drive the story pretty well. A plus point: If you are interested in north mythology you definitely get your money's worth. It's presented very well and as far as I can tell very faithfully. It's hidden in the world and searching for it can be fun in it's own rights. The lore snippets have just enough good cliffhangers to keep you invested in finding more.All in all. For this price I am surprised. The quality of the game is great. Even though it's 'only' 8-10 hours long, it just feels round and complete. I think it's enough. You don't have to drag something out. When it's done, it's done. It just has to be done right. And I think Hellblade is just that - done right. I don't have something big to complain about. Maybe some rare camera quirks? Nothing game breaking however. If you are an AMD user though I'd suggest you wait for a patch. As of now (mid August 17) there seem to be some performance issues for you. Nevertheless I recommend this game. It's worth the story and psychological experience. Very enjoyable."
,Recommended,414340,34206244,Posted: 12 August,all,darkknightmm,"One of the most powerful experiences I’ve had regardless of media type. When telling a gritty story of a hero overcoming the greatest odds to achieve their quest, this is the story they would love to tell but shy away from. It is unlike any other game and shows what can be done in the medium. I experienced the story with a sense of engagement that I rarely feel when playing games. I could feel Senua’s desperation and uncertainty. The story and character development exceed many books and movies. The visuals are breathtaking and creative. It's dark, terrifying, and only lets up enough to keep you together. The game trying to accomplish a singular quest while constantly on the brink of failure.  Don’t go in expecting complex combat or inventory management. It can be frustrating at time, but in a way, it fits the theme. Instead, put headphones on, play by yourself, and take your time.Beyond the incredible story, the game engages the topic of mental illness in most accurate way to date. It demonstrates what individuals with psychosis experience with a backdrop that allows you to leave your preconception behind. They don’t beat you over the head with lessons or morals about psychosis and schizophrenia or keep the subject matter at arm’s length. They bring you into Senua's mind and don't pull the punches. Their ability to walk this razor’s edge is masterclass, which makes it one of the most important games of the year."
,Recommended,414340,34107463,Posted: 8 August,all,Lina Inverse,Best ASMR game 2017
,Recommended,414340,34102682,Posted: 8 August,all,Woo_Barracuda,"It's a good game, especially its display.But there's not enough fighting scene on this game."
,Recommended,414340,34203282,Posted: 12 August,all,DustInCompetent,"10/10 graphics10/10 atmosphere10/10 involuntary ASMR10/10 Holy ♥♥♥♥ I wasn't ready for THIS9/10 gameplay. It's got some bugsespecially on the Path of Illusion, like.. wow."
76561197991594919,Recommended,414340,34131928,Posted: 9 August,all,Acenan,"An enjoyable 6 hours(over two days). Very immersive, highly recommended a good headset and a dark room.No crashesConstant 60+ fps (Max setting GTX 1080(No  framedrops))Did not encounter any bugs in my playthrough..Full spec:- [1] GeForce GTX 1080 MSI- [4] Corsair Dominator DDR3 2133MHz 8GB (32gb)- [CPU] Intel core i7 4820k 3.70ghz set to 4.1ghz- [mobo] Asus rampage iv black edition- [Storage] Crucial BX100 500GB SATA 6Gb/s 2.5"" Internal SSD- [Monitor] Asus 27"" LED G-Sync ROG SWIFT PG278QE"
76561197972142968,Recommended,414340,34108397,Posted: 8 August,all,Chiken_Sammich,"You start hearing voices in your head.""Buy this!"" ""Buy it now!"" ""What are they waiting for?"" ""They don't have the courage"" ""No they lack the funds"" ""It's only 30 bucks. Surely they can afford $30"" ""You must be happy playing the same old crap!"" ""Your computer is a potato. Don't waste your time & money"" You scream ""SHUT UP! MY COMPUTER IS A BEAST COMPARED TO THOSE SPECS!That last voice subsides as the others return.""Look they're reaching for their wallet"" ""Do you think they heard us?"" ""Are they actually going to brave Helheim?"" ""No they can't handle the challenging combat. They must be reupping their Netflix supscription."" ""They must only like watching terrible old sitcoms or reality shows."" You're right, they can't handle an interesting story like this one."" ""They're not going to buy this."" ""They're going to miss out."" ""It's their loss."" ""I hope they enjoy Fuller House."" ""Haha this person does seem lame."" ""Wait maybe there's hope. They haven't pulled up the Netflix website yet."" ""Look they're buying it!"" ""They won't be sorry!"" ""Money well spent!"" ""Took long enough!""------------------------------------------------------------------------Honestly though, 6 hours in &:The story is excellent.Combat has weight to it & is a bit challenging.The puzzles are basically ""seek & find"", but much better then I'm making it sound.Great visuals & audioThere's a ton of norse mythologyThere's a snapshot mode for the photographically inclinedMy only negatives are:Hellblade is very linear. It kind of has to be to guide the story properly. However I know this is something that annoys some people.If you fail in battle & that battle resets. You are thrust directly back into combat where you will receive a few hits before you are back in control."
76561198068880628,Recommended,414340,34105060,Posted: 8 August,all,Hentendo,Played this for 1 hour and now i have Psychosis.Will play again 10/10.P.S PLAY WITH HEADPHONES! The audio in this game is ridiculously amazing.
,Recommended,414340,34222011,Posted: 13 August,all,Valar_Morghulis,"I was a little leary on dropping $30 for this game, which has supposedly 6-8 of play time. But, right now, I'm 4 hours in and not close to the end. So, I'll add a few more hours to my play time lol. I started with keyboard and mouse (my normal playing method) and kept dying at the first boss. As soon as I switched to controller, I beat him first try. It's just more fluid with a controller. Also, I'm used to games where you can mash the attack button. This isn't that way. You need to be precise in your timing, similar to a dark souls combat system. Once you do that, it's still somewhat challenging, but not nearly as difficult as D.S. The graphics are great, and the sound is awesome. Definitely play with headphones, it makes all the difference.There seems to be a heavy emphasis on the mental health element of the game, but it's integrated very well, and doesn't come off as preachy. I was worried that this would be a psa first, and game second, but that's definitely not the case. Some of the cutsecnes/dialogue are overly dramatic and vague, but the story still shines through. They nailed it on a solid blend of gameplay and story.To avoid spoilers, I'll just say that dying matters, and that in itself adds an extra element of strategy and suspense.So, if you have $30 to spend on something fresh, you'll be very happy. If you're looking for a bargain, wait until it goes on sale. I needed a solid story game, as I was getting tired of my library of fps's, and this delivered."
76561198038363470,Recommended,414340,34096328,Posted: 7 August,all,[GGBoom] Tinkerfan,"Great game, the intro is a little slow, but really sets the scene well. Holy crap the binaural audio is so cool, and freaks me out when it is dark and the voices are talking. Graphics are also fantastic, UE4 is the best. Only complaint is that the fighting mechanics aren't great. It is pretty linear. I have seen other reviews saying it ""holds your hand"" which is one way to put it, but I think a more apt description is that it is pretty confining. You cannot really face away from your enemies when fighting, no running around or luring a group of bad guys apart. You are kind of stuck in the fight, which takes you out of the game a bit. I feel like Senua would be more of a rogue type fighter, rather than the parkour barbarian it forces you to be, giving a more hack n' slash vibe."
76561198287923665,Recommended,414340,34100472,Posted: 8 August,all,Squever,"This game just isn't for me, not reccomendeing it is harsh, I wish there was a ""it's not my style"" option because I know that people will love it for its story and how beautiful it is but the combat is just a little bland, click or block is pretty much it, and oh god I hated just looking for shapes over and over again, in the first hour I feel that's almost all i was doing. So If you are more story based and love a beautful thing to look at and hear then this is for you"
,Not Recommended,414340,34337830,Posted: 18 August,all,TheDecomposer,"I can't recommend this game. I started with euphoria, but came to realize, that it's boring and just not good. It massively holds back with, apparently, that little of a story, that it has. For eight hours you have no idea, what exactly happened on that tragic day, where Senua's lover Dillion was murdered or sacrificed. You only know, that the psychotic Senua tries, according to the nordic myths, to find and free Dillion from the nordic ""Underworld"", where the dead are kept. Because he was the only one, who saw through her tragic illness and came to love her. Very lovely story idea.But for eight hours, you get nothing, just what you can already guess is filled in as minor details to the story. No visualizations about the tragic days or the days she came to fall in love with Dillion. Only vocal narration.Furthermore, all the time you have the feeling, that you're playing a walking simulator! I'm not kidding, there is almost no way to interact with the game world, except for the action of ""focussing"" your view, opening doors and picking up a torch, otherwise it's just combat. So you have the combat and on the other hand you have the walking simulator, where you walk and solve puzzles. That's the third gameplay element next to walking and fighting. And the puzzles are tiring. Their concept are also not tied to the story or personal thoughts of Senua. You have to find the forms of specific runes in your environment and focus on these forms. If you find all runes the next door will open.If you have experience with psychosis patients or with the illness itself, you will notice, that this is indeed something psychosis patients do! But, it doesn't relate to anything in her personal struggle, which would manifest somehow in her psychosis. But that can't be the way her problems and thoughts continually manifest in the psychosis. It's just something, that happens to schizophrenic people. And they thought of that as a gameplay element, that keeps constantly repeating. And it becomes more elaborate with time, but it's still always the same goal, that doesn't really tie into the story. It's part of a psychosis, and Senua has one, but that's not enough of a coherence!The combat system is ... okay. Though it is well done, it's really nothing special and i personally couldn't enjoy it, when it dragged on for too long. There comes an enemy at the end with two axes, where you have to pay attention, in order to not take too many hits, and that's where i just didn't care anymore and really needed more infromations about the story, *especially* what exactly happened at this day, a visualization that is 30 seconds to 1 minute long, not just a quick and not clearly visible picture of an apparently hanged and flayed Dillion. As a result, i got impatient and hit too many times.The inner voices can be a symptome of psychosis and are pure horror, if somebody knows about that or can just imagine it. In Senua's case they're often very helpful and not really mean. It's still realistic, that's how voices speak in you. But they're AI or scripts are not well organized. Mostly they are just blathering harmless things, that are not too devious or mean. You can ignore them most of the times and sometimes they are giving you helpful hints. On one passage in the game,  the comments of the voices were really well evoking fear in you, they kept exactly commenting what you were seeing, that really sent chills down my spine. But that happened only one time in my entire playtime (i stopped just before the end).The last thing, i will talk about, are the stories of nordic myths you will hear after focussing on special stones with runes. They are irrelevant. And the story ideas sound really stupid. I'm sorry, in my opinion these ancient folks didn't have good story ideas for their myths they came up with. Surely the same goes for other ancient folks aswell, like the Greeks, although the Greeks had some pretty funny ideas in their myths, how to explain certain character traits in humans, they thought were innate, but the rest surely sounds as dumb (excuse me, lack of words) as these tales Druth the bard (or something) will tell you through out the game. Another voice in Senua's head, created by the real life experiences and talks she had with him.I'm disappointed. I started with a good will and it got worse and worse, mainly because nothing changed!One word to the graphics and Senua's acting: The graphics are very, very nice. Ninja Theory did a very good job on those. The ""acting performance"" of the young woman, who played Senua, is .... *minimalist*! She does almost nothing! They had and developed that awesome face capture technology, and you can see the face motions are very well visible, but Senua's facial expression is almost always the same. The woman, that played her, didn't really make any mistake, but also didn't give Senua visually enough character. At first, i didn't notice, but as the Character continued to repeatedly show the same faces its plausibility diminished evermore. Most of the times it was more of a constant mask of disbelief and dawning horror.I don't regret buying the game. I enjoyed it at first and eventually it disappointed me."
,Recommended,414340,34102794,Posted: 8 August,all,theviegas,This game blew my mind in 7.5 hours. The final battle was a pleasant surprise. Good stuff Ninja Theory.
,Recommended,414340,34207387,Posted: 12 August,all,Jim2point0,"This is a tough game to recommend.At first, the setting and story really pulled me in. The sound design is also pretty incredible and did a lot to sell the experience. It was almost enough to make me forget how lousy the combat is...... but I never forgot, and the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor combat only gets worse towards the end of the game when they throw enemy after enemy after enemy at you. It got to the point where I just sighed out loud anytime I saw Senua pull her sword out.There were some really agonizingly slow sections towards the end where you also had to use that focus thing to see past illusions. I used a 2x speedhack from Cheat Engine just to make my character run faster.The combat and puzzles are fine when the game limits them to short spurts. But by the end of the game, the combat hasn't changed 1 single bit so I was just on autopilot when I saw enemies. I wanted to fast forward it all so I could just see the end of the story (which didn't really come as a surprise to me).I think they could have trimmed an hour or two from the playtime and the whole experience would have felt a lot tighter. Would have ended right when I felt best about the game. But man... when it felt like a slog, it really soured the experience for me and I had to push myself to load the game up to finish it.That said, I do think it's a game worth experiencing and some people may be able to tolerate the combat more than I could. Hell, people liked Ryse so they SHOULD like this even more."
76561198071069431,Not Recommended,414340,34537064,Posted: 27 August,all,Elizabeth <3,"1st hour is enough for me to bang my head against the keyboard, it looks AMAZING graphicwise but it's so slow and boring that I won't be wanna take up the game anytime soon. Refunded it."
,Not Recommended,414340,34107363,Posted: 8 August,all,Kawaii Mars,"The game's story is fine and it looks great. However the mechanics for combat and puzzles is so boring compared to what they could have done. The game seems to think that spawning more enemies in a small combat area rather than innovate with level design and enemy design. The camera is also horrendous in combat as several times I ended up in a corner blocked by two enemies or more with the camera behind some obstacle so I wasn't even able to see the enemies as they tried to attack me. The bosses aren't challenging, only the raven boss isn't laughably easy because his attacks are moderately faster than the other two bosses in the game. Oh and you don't get to fight Hel despite you obtaining a sword that supposedly can kill gods, so instead the game decides unsurprisingly that a horde mechanic is fun for the player.There's also not a sensitivity setting in the options menu which makes it extremely annoying to turn your character around as it's rather slow if you're playing with a mouse. Oh and the main female narrator voice is ONLY in the left ear which gets annoying real fast.In my opinion it's not worth it to go through the bland combat and puzzles for the story experience."
76561198032705901,Recommended,414340,34096058,Posted: 7 August,all,Halstinavos,Playing this sitting in the dark with some really high end headphones and on an ultrawide screen and I'm just amazed. This is next level. A complete audio visual experience that is blowing me away.The auditory elements of this game are incredible and offer a level of immersion I have never experienced before. Headphones are absolutely a must if you want to get the full experience here.
,Recommended,414340,34137654,Posted: 9 August,all,@Dicky Spanish,"""Do the Gods answer your prayers, Senua?""Well they answered mine with this game.One of the best games I have played in quite a while, big fan of story driven single player games though."
76561198301828787,Not Recommended,414340,34207230,Posted: 12 August,all,CaminoKush,"first the positives.. great graphics. great sound.  story is interesting, but slow moving.HOWEVER.the puzzles are insanely repetitive. to the point where i just turn off the game bc im so sick of manuvering uninspiring mazes simply to open a door that moves me to the NEXT room full of repetitive uninspiring mazes to reach a level boss who has seemingly endless hp which takes 20 min of  dogde dogde attack dodge  so i can start the whole puzzle routine over again.combat definitely lacks any depth, and it makes it a chore.only plus is the critical hit actions.i want depseratley to like this game.. i love story rich single player campaigns but theres not enough of it to keep me interested between opening doors..."
76561198036633740,Recommended,414340,34146750,Posted: 10 August,all,duskmaverick,"When a game makes you impossible to stop playing, you now you are dealing with a good one. This game explores in a beautiful way the point of view of a metal disease warrior. Touch of terror, action and puzzles makes a great complement to this complex story. The strong point of this game is the story, the action and puzzles are elements that help the story to develop, but it is unfair to say that are main elements and those could be very repetitive at late stage of this game.Haven't seen something like this game and for sure this kind of ideas need to be more common in the game industry."
,Recommended,414340,34123124,Posted: 9 August,all,Jazzy G,2 minutes in and I'm already hearing The Voices ... buy the game!
76561198168239722,Recommended,414340,34196181,Posted: 12 August,all,RELAXIC CHANNEL BY AKI,Mnogo dobra igra vrijedi svakih para!
,Recommended,414340,34117924,Posted: 8 August,all,Nokt,I’ll just lay out the basicsGorgeous gameGreat atmosphereGreat storyDecent combatEasily solved puzzlesOn the rail
76561198110380195,Recommended,414340,34206028,Posted: 12 August,all,mastermir,i love it  but if u dont like the idea of permadeath its not for u ....... i love the idea . Remember when u play Mariobros u have 3 life after that bye bye !
76561198189298515,Recommended,414340,34206432,Posted: 12 August,all,Azermane,Stop Reading All Reviews And Just Buy It.
76561198091746854,Recommended,414340,34193586,Posted: 12 August,all,Mig,"Pros++Great poting of ps4+Good optimization+Story and character+Good gameplay( riddle and sword fighting)Cons--The graphics is a ps4. Goob impact , but the most of texture , water , rocks and details is console graphics.-Gameplay simply and ripetitive."
76561198049182884,Recommended,414340,34155666,Posted: 10 August,all,dre4dfull,"I want to start off by saying I was really sceptical of this game.When I heard the price I was thinking we were getting a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game that was given up on some point in development. I COULDN'T BE MORE WRONG!! They have captured so much of my imagination when it came to Vikings. The graphics are great the story is nuts the game play is on par with most AAA titles and in some areas beats them to a pulp! I am so damn picky when it comes to story, graphics and gameplay it isn't funny. They have truly made a unique experience in most of the game and have grasped another fan. Thank you for proving you don't need one hundred people on a team with 1 million in resources to put a game on the market that is unique and fresh for an extremely reasonable price. I can't tell you how many times a AAA title comapny has dropped the ball {cough} Ubisoft {cough} Assassins Creed..This proves we still have amazing people in the industry that can do amazing things with only a handful of developers."
,Recommended,414340,34221199,Posted: 13 August,all,ValkyrieShepard,"I don't agree with some of the... game design choices, e.g. the ""you will lose all progress"" thing being fake, orthe final fight being a ""you can't win this you have to give up"" thing, but all in all this is a fantastic game. I appreciate immensely that Ninja Theory has tried to accurately depict psychosis and build it into the story, the combat is a lot of fun (though it could have been more extensive), the music is amazing, the puzzles fun to solve. It looks great, it feels great, and thank you for a female protagonist. Definitely recommend this one as it fun and interesting to play, and gives you a deeper insight on what people with mental illness have to deal with."
,Recommended,414340,34318874,Posted: 17 August,all,PornStache,"This games is unique. Some moments I was actually paranoid and disturbed. Decent length story for $30 ain't bad at all.Combat and puzzles can be a repetitive but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are the graphics beautiful. Those who are looking for a different experience, definitely check this out. 8/10Pros:- Amazing graphics- Nice Soundtrack- Unique perspective of mental illness (Hearing the voices in your ears can really get to ya)- Nice storyCons:- Very repetitive when it comes to combat (Can be satisfying though at times)- Puzzles aren't that challenging"
,Recommended,414340,34247937,Posted: 14 August,all,Mockst3r,"4 Hours in.This game is immersive, makes you feel a bit of anxiety,  incredibly well designed at all levels.Do not expect an action game where you hack and slash through stuff, it is a journey in the mind of a character.One of my favourite games this year.I absolutely reccomend it if you are looking for a game that has more to offer than petty little quests about killing x or y things.Warning though, this is linear. You navigate through a story, do not buy if you don't like linear games... or do buy it and give it a shot anyways, because if is awesome.Good job to the team who put this game together."
76561198108765926,Recommended,414340,34248297,Posted: 14 August,all,robo1340 V2.4.3,Who needs a tutorial when you have voices in your head to tell you what to do? - 5/5
,Recommended,414340,34141207,Posted: 10 August,all,RageJ 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,WEAR HEADPHONESIT CHANGES EVERYTHING
,Recommended,414340,34098588,Posted: 8 August,all,playsPCnaked,"An immersive game, combat is fluid and easy to get use to quickly, puzzels are easy but also how puzzels should be by making you think. Overall an amazing game looks good and plays great. Definately will be playing it multiple times and recommending it to friends.10/10"
76561197968743333,Recommended,414340,34204937,Posted: 12 August,all,humanencounters,"A Masterpiece.  This game has great Norse mythology for the story.  The puzzles unique, the combat solid, and tense.  Game follows a story path, so not much free exploring off the path, but never felt like it was on rails.  Graphics amazing!  Attention to detail was off the charts. No explanation  of controls added to the tension during beginning of game.  As many other reviewers have stated  (and the game opening screen) you should use headphones for full immersion.  Game felt well worth the $30 I forked over.  A MUST PLAY."
76561198016905066,Recommended,414340,34105149,Posted: 8 August,all,Unslighter,Love this game! Well made!
76561197991741696,Recommended,414340,34910495,Posted: 12 September,all,YoShi,"What a great,  unique, gaming experience!+ the voice, sound effects and music are amazing - voice acting top notch+ the battle system worked well for me - epic battles+ the story was gripping+ the puzzles were different and interesting+ thanks for making this game- Finding the runes in the environment was sometimes  a little frustrating"
,Recommended,414340,34775980,Posted: 6 September,all,My Waifu,"Took me 8 hours to finally get to see some bewbs.Combat is not the main theme of this game because they werent trying to make another Dark Soul, so screw those who complains about its combat system.Great game 10/10."
76561198207358231,Recommended,414340,34248429,Posted: 14 August,all,GoloDeGeiliWirz,"DISCLAIMER: This game is absolutely incredible and is best experienced without much pre-existing knowledge. This is one of 2 games I have ever bought on release and unlike Far Cry Primal, I don't regret this purchase in the slightest. So go on take a leap of faith with a good pair of headphones and support the cause of the AAA indie.Now for the review. Admittedly this game is not very long. 10 hours is approximately what it took me, but damn, each and every hour was densely packed with beautiful scenery, great music and voice acting and really fun tactical combat. The dev-team is also definitely worth supporting, as they pioneer new methods of creating AAA experiences with an extremely tight budget, bringing a crucial gust of fresh air meant to revitalise the lost middle market between big budget and indie.Atmosphere/GraphicsThis is one of the most immersive games I have ever played. The Hud is nonexistenthallelujaand the graphics are close to the best I've ever seen and the optimization is fantastic. I played this game on very high at 1600x900 on my Razer Blade 14 2014 (GTX 870M) and it ran like a greased Usain Bolt. In 12 hours of play the game stuttered maybe once and then nevermore. This is definitely shaping up to be one of the prettiest games of 2017. The art design and direction is also spectacular, from Senuas character design, to the different environments, to the design of the enemies. It all fits together wonderfully to create an unbelievably authentic and original world. Not to mention Melina Juergens' incredible performance as Senua, which made the character feel that much more alive and believable.StoryThe story of Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is completely unique in it's subject matter, emotional in it's characters and at times even a bit disturbing, eyeopening at the very least, given that it deals with the largely neglected/tabu subject of psychosis and mental health. Story elements are seen everywhere from the claustrophobic over the shoulder camera, down to costumes and environments you get to see in this game.CombatI have always made the point, that whether or not you like combat or mechanics is largely down to personal preferance. As for myself, Ilovedthe combat. The animations, audio cues and sound effects are all so beautiful and borderline cinematic. Landing a perfectly timed block is hugely satisfying. The game doesn't hold your hand when it comes to the controls. LIke much of this game you sort of have to figure it out on your own. Battles are also quite difficult, with Senua often being outnumbered, but skill and tactics will win you any battle, never making things unfair.Final ThoughtsThe game, in general, is extremely important to the industry and at 30 bucks Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a borderline life changing experience for a bargain price. It's one of those rare games, that just leaves you sitting in your chair, speechless, as you watch the credits role, processing what you just witnessed, occupying your thought space for days to come."
76561198060844807,Recommended,414340,34099845,Posted: 8 August,all,Nicofiend,"A mesmerizing and unnvering work of art.The combat and puzzles in the game are well made and smooth, if not a little redundant at times. Where this game truly sets itself apart from other games is the story telling, and atmosphere. Whatever it lacks in combat and gameplay, it more than doubles in story, acting, atmosphere, and overall quality. Senua's emotions and experiences feel so real at times that it can be almost uncomfortable and unsettling, but beautiful.A heart breaking experience that I fully recommend."
,Recommended,414340,34720336,Posted: 3 September,all,Trash Panda,"A super unique game. It's story is pretty straight forward and not life altering. But the perspective and how it gets you there is unique. I feel like they missed an opportunity to give the character more depth. She does seem to center around like 3 main keypoints, but outside of that it's a fanastic game, very beautiful, solid combat, the problem solving isn't drawn out and moments that make you tense are not riddled with jump scares."
,Recommended,414340,34734396,Posted: 4 September,all,✪ bœters,Hell yeah!
76561197973190352,Recommended,414340,34747437,Posted: 4 September,all,Napoleon Blownaparte,"So, this is going to be a bit personal.  I don't mean it to sound weird.  I just want to compliment the folks who made it into a game that can be enjoyed by most, and from which some people might gain a bit of iontrospection into what it means to be a person dealin with mental illness.Someone very VERY close to me (wife) had many of these symptoms.  She described them in meticulate detail because, apart from experiencing them, she was also a mathematician, which means she had methods by which she could quantify the weirdness that she was experiencing.  She repeatedly reported the ways in which the bizarre made everything else unmeasuraable, but within the spectrum of statistical analysis.  It was a complicated relationship, one which I still don't completelyt appreciate despite my continuing attempts.Mathematics aside, this story feels like her experience.  It's fear, but it's the type of fear that can only be confronted directly and with purpose.  It reminds me of her experiences, wherein she always wanted to run but knew she couldn't do anything but forge ahead.  And I couldn't be there for her when it was our time, but she forged ahead anyway, and won.I've played it a couple times, since, and I've enjoyed it, but I can completely read her struggles in the antics of the protagonist.  The writing is strong.  The scenery is also strong.  There's not that much fighting, but there really shouldn't be.  This is a struggle of the mind, as it should be.  Anyone who complains about lack of ""action"" or a ""walkintg simulator"" just doesn't get it, and probably never will.  It's an amazingly well-done story about how mental illness can overwhelm a person, and it doesn't ever try to be more than that."
,Recommended,414340,34721622,Posted: 3 September,all,TheCell.ch λ³,"This game was pure eyebleach. I loved the visuals so much. The music that is carefully sprinkled in is perfect and the story is unique and really worth every minute. I can't thank Ninja Theorie and the involved people enough for this game that's nothing short of a masterpiece.Make sure to watch ""Hellbladde function"" in the main menu after finishing the game. It gives valuable insight into the intentions and making of the game, really topped the game off with great insights."
,Recommended,414340,34723636,Posted: 3 September,all,Sweet,"A fantastic game that may not be everyone's cup of tea. The game's audio and visuals are top notch throughout, creating enviroments and atmospsheres that range from aesthetically pleasing and beautiful, to downright disturbing and unsettling. A stellar perfomance from Senua's actress, along with a well acted supporting cast make this an incredibly engaging story that I throroughly enjoyed. That being said, I did finish the game with a couple minor gripes, most of which are easy enough to overlook.- There's an odd juxtoposition between Senua's meticulously detailed computer generated character model and the FMV-style visuals of some characters that Senua often interacts with never really sat well with me.- Although linear, the game does encourage some exploration, but traversing can become tedious, as your two speed of movement are walking, or a relativly slow jog.- The visual puzzles you encounter can feel repetative at times, but they are servicable for the most part.All in all, it's an exceptional game that I absolutely recommend."
76561198055162766,Recommended,414340,34715781,Posted: 3 September,all,StevenWings,"This game is a masterpiece.Gameplay:Feels very smooth and nice overall. It relies on a combination of combat and puzzles. This is what you will be doing most of the game while going through the story.Puzzles:The puzzles are relatively simple but fun and complement the story very well.Combat:Simple yet very satisfactory. If I had to describe it I would probably liken it to the combat that we had in Prince of Persia: Warrior Within but improved upon. You get a dodge as well as a block which doubles as a parry if timed correctly. You also get different combos based on your input of LMB and RMB.Music & Ambiance:The game does a very good job with it's music and sounds. They complement the gameplay very well.Story:The story is very well written and original. It relies a lot on Norse mithology and tells the story of a fictional character who happens to suffer from phycosis - Senua. We, the players, get to experience the stroy from her perspective and see and hear t he things that she does - it's an amazing experience. However, some people may find these depictions disturbing so make sure you know what you're getting into.It's a short game - I played through it twice. The first time it took me 8-9 hours and the second 5-6. Even so, I would definitely recommed it as it is something original that was done very proficiently."
76561198080914334,Recommended,414340,34719597,Posted: 3 September,all,Gman,Great game.  Graphics and story are amazing.
,Recommended,414340,34144392,Posted: 10 August,all,jdmoonan,"I must say this is one of the best games I have ever played. The story is just amazing. If you deal with hard hitting mental issues like anexity or deppression this game is so insperational. I would suggest this game for anyone. If you are looking for a hack and slash with mindless killing then this is not your game, however if you are looking for a great story and a look into the mind of a tortured soul this game will have you on the edge of your seat. The ending is by far one of the best ending in video game history."
76561198012595927,Recommended,414340,34144644,Posted: 10 August,all,Hahaharawrrahaha,"Very good game strong storyline, nice combat very easy to understand can be quite difficult to master though. I played through the game in 1 sitting and would 100% reccommend people to do the same. 9/10"
,Recommended,414340,34143950,Posted: 10 August,all,Special Agent Dale Pooper,"this is the best narrative experience up to this day that money can buy. period.in contrast to the other 'walking simulators' this actually engages you in simple yet fitting gameplay mechanics (a bit of puzzles and a bit of simple but intense combat).the game portrays mental disorder like never seen before - it has to be experienced and a headset is a MUST.if you liked narrative experiences like firewalker or ethan carter etc, but wished that it hat more gameplay - this one's for you."
,Recommended,414340,34144812,Posted: 10 August,all,Sundance Reeves,never seen so much beauty blended with pain before this game..
,Recommended,414340,34144550,Posted: 10 August,all,holocat,"This game was totally amazing.I cri every timA must play for gamers who love a good story.also, get some 7.1 surround headphones."
76561198244557522,Recommended,414340,34112355,Posted: 8 August,all,rustik88,very good game.all the AAA devs should learn from that company.the graphics is a bit blury even on 4K resolution but that adds the cinematic effect.overall im very glad i've bought that game.
76561198113197625,Recommended,414340,34112440,Posted: 8 August,all,CrestShield,"Just finished the game and i gotta say it was pretty unique experience. Gameplay got a bit repetitive (at some points) but combat was so satisfying and very well done. Story was pretty good and storytelling was also good but the ending was a bit disappointing (just my personal opinion). After all it was a great game and i'd grade it at least 8.5.If you like games with good storytelling, appreciate absolutely beautiful graphics and want to experience something different i really really recommend this one. I'd even say this game got potential for GOTY."
76561198028753240,Recommended,414340,34112347,Posted: 8 August,all,Outlavv,"10/10 would talk to myself and fight odin.Holy crap what a wild ride. I bought this game because it looked like an adventure story game similar to tomb raider. Boy was I not disappointed.Visually this game was top notch. Beautiful areas and lighting flowing from each area and it was always reflective of the atmosphere of the story.Music and sounds were fantastic. If you have surround setup for your pc, this is amazing.The story was insane. I couldn't figure out at any time if it was a crazy dream or not, but the norse mythology throughout the story really made it feel epic."
76561198105881744,Recommended,414340,34112408,Posted: 8 August,all,panyushkinv,"Nice game, liked it a lot.Awesome atmosphere, cool psychological elements, good acting and voice acting.Combat system is a bit clunky, especially on keyboard, but that just added a nice bit of challenge.Writing this to support the developers, they're doing a very good and difficult work.Very good game, 9/10."
,Recommended,414340,34116866,Posted: 8 August,all,zeoxo,"Hi and welcome to the first edition of zeo’s reviews. Tonight we will be doing a quick review of the new AAA indie game, Hellblade.After beating this game I would rate it a 9/10. The writing, atmosphere, and story are excellent; however the combat leaves a bit to be desired until the very end of the game where it ends up being quite enjoyable. With a low price tag of $30 I would definitely recommend it to any good boi looking to dive deep into the world of Norse mythology, satanic rituals, and mental illness. It rustled my jimmies and maybe it will rustle yours."
76561198104099384,Recommended,414340,34143662,Posted: 10 August,all,DanielLannister1408,"How best to enjoy Hellblade1. Stop Reading reviews on this game.2. Get a set of good headphones set up.3. Don't read any guidesBut if you INSIST on reading a review I will try very hard to relay some fine points of the game in order to help you decide if you would like it without giving anything away. That by the way is a very difficult task.1. The pace is very slow, you will have long periods in between combat.2. The sound and graphics are the best I have played in years.3. The combat is completely devoid of ornementation. No skill points to earn, no weapons or inventory to upgrade/manage, one special power. Essentially it's just your skills of observation and reflexes against some tought enemies that want you dead.4. The puzzles are a large part of the game and rely on non isometric level design (think of a dumbed down antichamber).None of that is why I consider this the best game I have played this year. It's the story, and the deep immersion in the way the devs manage to connect you with the character. It is one of those games that shows that a game can transend just being fun, and become meaningful art.Honestly this game is goregous, the visuals are stunning, the art direction is superb, the combat is fluent and fun, the story is delivered in a genuine way, and most importantly, it truly gives off the feeling of schizo and the true emoitons that come with outI applaud the developers for being as detailed with a sensetive subject like this, and for creating one of the most uniuqe, and incredible games I have ever had the pleasure of gracing my monitor.If you want a great hack n slash....skip it (the combat is good, but better can be had). If you want to enjoy masterful storytelling, this game is a must play."
76561198072034236,Recommended,414340,34148989,Posted: 10 August,all,G|F-110,"Play: If you want a gorgeous looking, narrative driven, and immersive gaming experience.Don't Play: If you want a carthartic hack and slash Ninja Theory is usually known for"
,Recommended,414340,34148616,Posted: 10 August,all,Andrew,"I liked this game. It's different from pretty much everything else on the market with this level of production value. I'm glad it got made. However, you should be aware that it's completely linear and rather repetitive. If you're OK with that you might like it."
,Recommended,414340,34207630,Posted: 12 August,all,The Bozz,"There weren't too many chances of me not liking this game. Dark, bleak fantasy? Check. Dark Souls-esque combat mechanics? Check. Horrific monsters? Check. What pushes this game beyond others, in my opinion, is its use of mental illness.To make a long story short, I'm not fazed by normal horror tropes anymore, like gore or jump scares. Mental illness, however, scare me deeply. Our minds are the only thing we really have, and being reminded of how fragile they are creeps me out to no end. I was a bit nervous at first because most entertainment doesn't really present mental illness correctly. Luckily, Hellblade manages to use it really well while still presenting it all in a very meaningful and relatable way. You really feel for poor Senua and you want to help her make it through.Like most things, the game is not perfect. It has a few glitches here and there, and it even crashed on me once. The combat could have used some more polish, but it doesn't detract from the enjoyment. I really don't have much else to critizise."
,Recommended,414340,34203773,Posted: 12 August,all,sevendash,Great experience through and through! Playing with headphones definitely makes the experience.
76561198044291784,Recommended,414340,34120342,Posted: 9 August,all,Foxareno,hands down one of the best story games ive ever played. 10/10 the ending definitley made me think. ive never had a game so uniquely tell a story and actually have it grip me the entire way. some ppl didnt enjoy the combat system expecting a dmc clone. i thought tho it was simple the combat it was still really fun. also the puzzles were also a great addition to the game . reminded me of playing the talos principle
76561198057578846,Recommended,414340,34319145,Posted: 17 August,all,Darkful,Good ASMR Simulator
76561198076178109,Recommended,414340,34161440,Posted: 10 August,all,Opex,"For me, game of the year."
,Recommended,414340,34388195,Posted: 20 August,all,Morian,"Gorgeous, inventive, and stylish as all hell.  Features perhaps the best performance capture this side of Naughty Dog, brilliant writing, and a combat system that makes you genuinely afraid of your enemies.  The Fenrir bossfight might be one of the best boss encounters ever constructed, and is genuinely terrifying.  Absolutely worth its asking price, both for the game itself, and for supporting indie-AAA (AA, mid-teir, whatever) as a development model."
,Recommended,414340,34337774,Posted: 18 August,all,Reaper,"This game is an amazing,memorable,new and original experience that will pull you into it from the start and will be entertaining you in a surprisingly creative ways till the very end. beautiful smooth combat/puzzles shift in between story telling,graphics,art,music and sound effects,voice lines all shine bright in this well designed game. its definitely a satisfying thrilling experience that i would recommend easily without doubt.in short: just WOW!...WTF level of WOW!"
76561197990566547,Recommended,414340,34360136,Posted: 19 August,all,The Sarge,"This is probably THE game of 2017. It's simply amazing. If you're looking for a hack and slash then look elsewhere'; if you're looking for an emersive experience then this is the one!!Not crashes, simply stunning visuals, the story is so clever. Never before have I sat and finished a game in a single sitting; just couldn't put it down.The combat that you do get ranges from frantic to tactical parrying and dodging, it's very, very excellent.BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT!!!"
76561198074848952,Recommended,414340,34272047,Posted: 16 August,all,Thirsty Robot,"I had never heard of this game until the day it came out, and decided to buy it on a whim, knowing absolutely nothing.I'm really glad I did! It was very unique.The atmosphere, visuals, sound, cinematography, and performances are all top notch, and memorable. There's a few moments where the gameplay felt a touch repetitive, but a minor complaint to an overall solid experience.For those going in blind like myself, know this going in: Despite what it may look like on the outside, I would compare it to a walking simulator, with action/combat peppered in, and a healthy dose of The Witness styled visual puzzles. Definitely narratively led. It's well paced, and brief. Can be compeleted in a few sittings.Well done, Ninja Theory!"
,Recommended,414340,34111672,Posted: 8 August,all,TackleBury83,Hell of a good game
,Recommended,414340,34129460,Posted: 9 August,all,CaptainBoumere,Schizophrenia simulator.
76561197974527332,Recommended,414340,34103612,Posted: 8 August,all,|__0_____0___|,"Bought it 9 hours ago and just beat it!  Unique experience I won't forget, great game, thanks!"
76561198002500573,Recommended,414340,34103814,Posted: 8 August,all,Dreiberg,"Lovely graphics, voice acting and animations. Cool puzzles and solid combat."
,Recommended,414340,34103979,Posted: 8 August,all,JonBonJimbo,"Big fan so far, the game is beautiful and they nailed the creepy aspect of it. I do not like the perma death that erases your entire save though, its a cool thought but when it happens you just get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. The puzzles are mediocre and the combat is simple, but still makes you pay attention."
76561198071963909,Recommended,414340,34104932,Posted: 8 August,all,Dolphyz,"Just finished the game, beautiful animations, beautiful world, unique story and theme, smooth fighting, intense scenes and moments, I just love it."
,Recommended,414340,34105561,Posted: 8 August,all,Lee Francer,"To be sure, it may not be for everyone. 2 hours in and 14% completed I think I can safely say I'm loving it. Very atmospheric. Creepy. Got goosebumps most of the time. Gorgeous setting/graphics.There are noticeable FPS drops though, I suspect when it's loading a new area (no loading screen). That's a little disconcerting, considering my hardware and I'm running the game off an SSD.Combat is smooth and flowing. The story is fascinating.I enjoy how the ""tutorial"" is done; clear and unobtrusive, the game doesn't hold your hand."
,Recommended,414340,34105744,Posted: 8 August,all,MDL,"This game is very good like what a expected, runs great on my rig with max setting in 1080pThe Graphics r looks very beautiful,cinematic The AI The same what they did in the trailer Also the BGM, Voice, all audio Are fricking amazingthe mini puzzles and the story is interestingwhat a great Game Ninja TheoryReally Recommend this gameUpdate :Just Finished the game, what a story the world created by senua's mineRecommended Buy this game"
76561198037893671,Recommended,414340,34096135,Posted: 7 August,all,thtoneguylol,it's like having schizophrenia and listening to asmr at the same time!! 10/10 would go crazy again
76561198185891317,Recommended,414340,34120534,Posted: 9 August,all,philmodelle,So good. So damn good. That is all.
,Recommended,414340,34196145,Posted: 12 August,all,Poisoned Venom,"In a world oversaturated with early access survival games, shooters and all the MOBAs and card games, Ninja Theory decided to make something that's uniquely masterful and different. These are the kind of people who are keeping me from losing my faith in video games. I know I'll never abandon my love for gaming as long as we have devs who aren't afraid of making something that's not trying hard to be the next CoD, Battlefield or Overwatch."
76561198001741217,Recommended,414340,34542697,Posted: 27 August,all,SleepyCount,"It is a great game!  don`t think you`ll regret picking this one up.   If you like psychological games and an intresting take on mental illness this is a great game in the lines of enternal darkness.   the sound is amazing,  you are spoken to from all sides and que`s are given from voice not ui.  Combat is great and puzzles are good but get old later on.  There is one level where you are required to depend on sound and feel rather than vision, it is such a good experience.  wish I had more of that section throughout the game.  all that being said others will not like this type of game.   If you like sinking into a character and a world this is the game for you."
76561198035925471,Recommended,414340,34120274,Posted: 9 August,all,Kags,"For the most part it's a really great game.  The audio quality is like nothing else in modern games and makes the game feel extremely immersive.  The only problem i had was the ending, which felt a bit lame compared to the masterpiece that was the rest of the story.  Ending aside I give this game a 10/10.  WIth the ending included I'd say it brings it down to about an 8.5/10.  Definitely still a good game, but the ending made it feel unsatisfying."
,Recommended,414340,34230114,Posted: 14 August,all,[TAC] PeenerShot,"Just finished Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. Hands down best game I've played in YEARS! The developers did a great job of pulling the player into the mindset of mental illness and tackling a tremendously difficult subject. This game will take you through the whole range of emotions and terrify the hell out of you. Needless to say, few games have had such a profound impact on me as much as this title and I HIGHLY recommend you avoid gameplay, walkthroughs, and critique and just experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,414340,34265666,Posted: 15 August,all,withnogenes,2017 GOTY.
,Recommended,414340,34187727,Posted: 12 August,all,d0gsm4ck,This game is pure art! A masterpiece!Must buy!!! :)
,Recommended,414340,34232435,Posted: 14 August,all,BloodBorn,what the **** did i just play. lol xD. So confused as to what it was i was doing. Should have shown a flash/popup at the final battle. I was fighting for over 2 hours. sigh... and what was the point of the blue circle near the end with some red symbles?
,Recommended,414340,34252829,Posted: 15 August,all,PBG.UndeadBBQ,"Holy ♥♥♥♥.Best 30€ I paid on Steam for quite a while now. Gameplay is, like everything in this game, completely slave to the story and its presentation, so don't expect this to be a grade A hack&slay. The fighting and puzzles are fun enough, but essentially its a movie that you play for 6 hours. A great movie with a great protagonist and plot."
,Recommended,414340,34210145,Posted: 13 August,all,PeskyRex,"I gotta say after all the years Ninja Theory put in to the game, after all the effort , hard work, dedication and sacrifices they had to make just to create such a game as this , I really didn't expect it to succeed in the way it has. I first learned about Hellblade way back in 2014 when I saw the E3 Trailer back when it was being advertised for PS4. I had forgotten about it for awhile until this year when I learn't about the dev diaries spent a load of time watching them , understanding , gaining knowledge about what/how/why  things happened the way they did. FRom what I've played and experienced I give it a strong 7/10 that 3% being left out for a few gameplay issues I encountered : Suttering and frame drops on the last mission really annoying to deal with and a few features I thought would have been a great addition to the game : Machinima tools, Open World, Level Editor .Of course I must remind myslef that it is not that type of game, I ain't gonna lie its hard as ♥♥♥♥ even on the easiest diffuculty , I'm a run'n'gun/charge right in/brute sorta guy who likes to get things done fast and easy. I must advise that is probably not the smartest tactic to use especially in boss fights, but hey whatever suits your palystyle I guess.I cannot stress this enough , how it is important to note that yah this game does have a perma death mechanic and yah it is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying at times though there really is no reason to complain about it afterall thegame is fairly simple and easy to beat especially the last mission which for some reason gave vibes from halo reach's lst mission where you have to die.I'm still processing the ending it felt great , yet at the same time very confusing though I suppose its quite obvious what message they were trying to portray .Overall I suggest you buy this game if you are into story rich/heavy/uniquellikenetflix story genres and also 'cause its ♥♥♥♥ing $30 a business model that really needs to become the norm of games today :P"
,Recommended,414340,34231155,Posted: 14 August,all,PrimeDeceiver,Unparalleled immersion. Visually exhilarating. Elegant story telling and seemless gameplay.  Hellblade is an absolute must for gamers of all types.
76561198061293043,Recommended,414340,34254441,Posted: 15 August,all,Bill Hutchinson,I'm yet to play a better game.
76561198120564423,Recommended,414340,34210040,Posted: 13 August,all,DoubleHelix,"Such an amazing game. This game is super intense and I love it. I keep wanting to come back and play it, and I love all the little details theyve put in. I especially love how theyve worked with people to simulate the feeling of psychosis and what the girl is going through. Definitely one of the best games Ive played this year."
76561198063096442,Recommended,414340,34231088,Posted: 14 August,all,Jebussez,"I didn't expect a bad game to come from the makers of Heavenly Sword and Enslaved, both very well done games that I played heavily on console, but this really blew past my expectations.Not only is the story engrossing, but the way they draw you both into the world and put you into the mind of Senua is brilliant, and honestly a little bit terrifying. I've only beaten the first boss by now and I'm still taken aback some of the constant commentary that swirls around you, and people who have played this know what I mean. It's not something you'll experience in anything else. And yes, when the game recommends headphones, it means it - do not play this otherwise.Aside from somewhat repetitive combat mechanics - same controls, generally the same timing, etc. - this is honestly one of the best games I've recently played. I can't recommend it enough, even at $30."
,Recommended,414340,34163393,Posted: 11 August,all,GROBI,A new heroine is born!
76561198017283985,Recommended,414340,34254053,Posted: 15 August,all,MAN-FUR,I was blown awy by this game on my Ultrawide 3440 x 1440 monitor.This says alot as I have never been into sinle player games. Throughly enjoyed it.It was like what I imagined a interactive movie in the cinema's would be feel like.Gorgeous graphics and very well made.
,Recommended,414340,34230963,Posted: 14 August,all,Falcon,"Everything about this game is beautifully done. Was looking for something different in games and this answered big time. Its kind of werid going from Dream Daddy to this but a good werid. It has been a while since I played a game that I found myself saying right at the next check point I'll stop.....five check points later, right at the next check point I will stop. If you have the 30 bucks drop it on this game. I did not but I still found away to get it and not regreating it."
76561197963263391,Recommended,414340,34346245,Posted: 19 August,all,kiteless,i had fun
76561198019346735,Recommended,414340,34239512,Posted: 14 August,all,Grave Watch,"This game makes up for it's lack of replayability by having one of the most unique and captivating stories out there. For a completely detailed list of reasons why you should purchase this game to try for yourself, Refer to Raycevick's video on the game,  posted here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e2zNsfvtUU&t=619s"
76561198076215682,Recommended,414340,34149097,Posted: 10 August,all,Paddy Snake (Diamond Dog),"Really atmospheric, really really...Awesome graphicsGood optimizationStrong story and amazing storytellingAAA qualityThank You Ninja Theory."
76561198004630791,Recommended,414340,34101924,Posted: 8 August,all,Navitas,"A positive review. Give it a positive review.Don't be crazy, they'd hate you for it. The combat and puzzles were annoying!Just keep it to yourself. It's safer.Positive. I should rate it positive.We can tell them about the art. LET'S TELL THEM ABOUT HOW GOOD THE ART IS!You sound like an idiot. No one cares about the art. It's all about the gameplay. The combat is bad.But the story, the character animations, the subtly! So much detail in every corner!Really, it'd be better simply as a movie.BUT THE IMMERSION!I will rate positive. Regardless of the gameplay flaws, the amount of detail in this work of art is remarkable. The story itself is intriguing, the setting is wonderful, and the way the story is told is done very well too. I'm also an idiot and STOP TALKING TO ME."
76561198122865619,Recommended,414340,34723219,Posted: 3 September,all,Kurush235,"One of the best games I have played for some time. Good implementation of puzzle and psychological-horror elements, amazing voice acting, finished with great story telling and visuals. I would definitely recommend wearing headphones to fully enjoy the game. One downside is that the combat is a bit repititve. It also addresses a variety of topics, such as mental illness and Norse mythology, and present them through the eyes of the main character, which make this a great experience.All in all this a great game, and I would definitely recommend it."
76561198041187902,Recommended,414340,34738924,Posted: 4 September,all,nicholsomarshall,"The most visually stunning game I have played to date. Gorgeous cinematography, smooth gameplay and fight mechanics, Jaw dropping audio, and hours of fun. Fantastic job to the dev's (please make more). A+ game for the all time best collection."
,Recommended,414340,34206803,Posted: 12 August,all,monogurui,"This game is art. Every aspect immerses you and helps tell the story. The graphics are beautiful, the sound is masterful, the music is implemented well. The fighting wasn't too much, and also served a purpose. Nothing felt like it was there just to fill space. I am in awe at the work that went into this. Can we have an OST now? Even if half of it is ambient sound, like a silent hill OST."
,Recommended,414340,34283067,Posted: 16 August,all,retr0,This is positive review.
76561198120120855,Recommended,414340,34136629,Posted: 9 August,all,Aki秋,"Dark Soul Combat System without health bar, and a better Romantic story than Twilight.Looks a lot like Agony trailer thought. Badass Bosses. Most of the time is dealing with the puzzles.It really painful to watch a woman going through this kind of mentality.FeelBadManMany scenes looks like it almost the end of the games but it not."
76561198009878705,Recommended,414340,34136558,Posted: 9 August,all,HolyJupiterShit,piece of art!
,Recommended,414340,34744408,Posted: 4 September,all,Damien Boswell,Beyond amazing game playstory is great and it looks amazing
,Recommended,414340,34221580,Posted: 13 August,all,Punished Snake,Really good game 10/10
76561198163742210,Recommended,414340,34479505,Posted: 25 August,all,Mr. Abc,finished the game in 2 weeks....mind twisting puzzle...easy gameplay...excellent graphics...great story.IM GIVING IT 10/10 STARS
76561198059418010,Recommended,414340,34494401,Posted: 25 August,all,CHICKY,Really interesting story and experience to play. Beautiful graphics :)
,Recommended,414340,34481287,Posted: 25 August,all,Agent Ash,"Hellblade is a unique and wonderful game. So far it's the only project I can remember that seriously and meticulously tries to make the player feel what it would be like to have a mental illness. Mind you, it'srepresentationI'm talking about; obviously there's been a ton of mad characters in videogames, but so far mental problems (often unexpectedly revealed) were normally used as a plot device. Hellblade is different.Hellblade was made with the help of people who work with mental illnesses and even those who actually experienced them. In Hellblade realiy shifts and wavers but always makes sense in a twisted way. Senua doesn't know she's sick, and that's why it feels real and scary. Ninja Theory used wonderful methods to represent it, including clever special effects and amazing binaural sound.It's better not to ignore the game's advice to use headphones: the sound plays a very important role. When I heard the voices for the first time, I got goosebumps. It's not quite like anything else.On a more technical side, bear in mind that Hellblade is an indie game despite its high quality. It's not very long (although I believe 7–8 hours is the perfect length for this story), it's linear (again, turning it into some sort of open-world crap would never work). There are only a few enemies (but you'll remember them well, especially the bosses). The puzzles aren't too varied (you'll have to solve the same puzzle with seeking shapes that look like runes to open a door many times), but there's plenty of variety in the surroundings, presentations, pace and other gameplay elements. It never feels boring or repetitive. It's a unique, powerful and extremely immersive journey."
76561198210935992,Recommended,414340,34744761,Posted: 4 September,all,lowz1.7.7,one of the best games out there in the world
76561198032079023,Recommended,414340,34111697,Posted: 8 August,all,Silent Moebius,"The voices told me, to give this game... a positive rating!"
76561198047188708,Recommended,414340,34678995,Posted: 2 September,all,PanzerShock,Chilling story and satisfying combat.
,Recommended,414340,34097025,Posted: 7 August,all,crowbar,"If you don't have played every single game on the planet yet and are just looking for a game to spend time with and not be bored, then don't buy Hellblade. If you are desperately looking for new gaming experiences that you haven't experienced before, then you definitly should play Hellblade. Hellblade isn't like any game I've played before. It's not flawless though.I think one factor that really hindered my ""enjoyment"" of the game is that I didn't understand a lot of things. Sometimes maybe that was intended, but especially at the ending I was left very unsatisfied and just confused. Maybe I'm stupid, maybe it's intended, maybe a little bit of both, but for me it weakened the experience.The game consists of mainly four things: Cutscenes, Walking, Puzzles, Combat. The cutscenes are extremely well made with excellent animations, sound and camera. The Walking can become tedious, because even when running your movement speed is really slow. Sometimes you'll come across some runes or something which when activated act like audio logs that give you a little bit of lore. I found these quite boring most of the time and pointless. Sometimes I activate one of these and the person is starting to talk about things that seem completely random and I'm thinking ""WHY ARE YOU TELLING ME THIS?"".The puzzles were really interesting. There were two times in the game where I got stuck. The first time I couldn't progress at all and had to look up a guide and when i saw the solution I knew I would never figure that out myself. The puzzles aren't really challenging though. Most of the time you are supposed to look for something, and if you don't find it, you don't find it. Solving the puzzles was still satisfying, because they are so different to other games. The puzzle also are heavily inspired by the stories of people with mental illness, since that is the theme of the game, so I guess the game does a good job of connecting story and gameplayThe combat is very simple, but not dull ... at least until the end. Towards the end there will be a lot of fights back to back, and some fights extremely long, which is where the combat starts to feel tedious. The game could use one or two more enemy types, maybe a ranged enemy? It is satisfying though. The moves are well animated and the enemies are really cool designed visually. Combat wasn't really challenging though.Throughout the game it often felt like in reality they just want to tell their story but have to force a game in there somewhere, but since I don't know much about mental illness (and I still don't after playing the game), I guess I shouldn't judge that. It was worth playing. Since it's just 30€ I think it was worth the money."
76561198033243796,Recommended,414340,35232845,Posted: 26 September,all,Lightblind,"Hellbade: Senua's Sacrifice is a fantastic movie with an average video game attached to it.I can't even begin to tell you how amazing the game's story is.Senua herself is compelling as a character. She is opaque, yet transparent at the same time, because while you are literally inside her mind and listening to all the things that scream in her ear, her own motivations and thoughts are left private until she addresses them through dialogue. The player is left in constant tension, never really knowing if the voices are hallucinations, if they are telling the truth from Senua's memories, or if they are also her thoughts and she really isn't transparent at all. It isn't really important which one is correct in terms of the character; it's important that the player doesn't know. The tension is delicious, and even the revelations that occur through the game leave you wanting to hear just a little bit more and that's sort of the genus of any compelling and successful character.The two or three major ancillary characters are also deep and complex. Druth through his voice-acting, motion-captured acting and the story he unwinds as he conducts most of the game's exposition through the lore stones scattered through the game.Zynbel, the protagonist's father, manifests as a deep, threatening voice which is almost a character all by itself—major kudos to that particular voice actor.Dillion is the only part of the game I found mildly disappointing. He reveals through the ""bright"" parts of the narrative, and mechanics which are trying to ""help"" Senua progress through the world. The unfortunate dilemma of Dillion was that if he had been left silent, the help might have been even more powerful—say, if all we got was Senua believing that this was him trying to help.The major enemies in the game, capped by the alien Hela, are extremely well designed. They are silent, Hela included, and speak through their environments.If the environment of Helheim is the voice of Hela, then she is the most masterful speaker I`ve ever seen. The world of Hellblade is incredible, detailed, intricate, and darkly beautiful in as threatening a manner as possible. From Surt`s near desolation to Valravyn's gloomy, maze-like forests to Hela's own halls (which constantly suggests in a variety of ways that it might be a huge boat as a nod to the legend of the Naglfar) the environment, the lighting, the sound, and the narrative which stains the world as though there were no line between the two is actually shocking. I was left speechless, heart pounding, on several occasions.The narrative stains its way into the game world by Senua's perceptions and thoughts (as recorded by the litany of voices that accompany her) through a sound engine that is incomparable. The depth, quality, clarity and voice-acting is fantastic, and if all you did was listen to someone else play the game while you were playing Solitaire, I bet money you'd swear you were listening to a AAA-grade film.The negatives of Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice have entirely to do with, not failure-rate dev-work, but rather that the team didn't seem to put much thought into how gameplay paces properly. Biases out loud: I've always argued that gameplay should be easy at the beginning, and impossibly difficult near the end. Maybe it's because I was brought up with Star Fox and Mario, but that's just how I feel.I also think puzzles, in order to be effective, need not to repeat very often or you wind up wondering why you're bothering and go look up YouTube instead of worrying about it that much.So my first point involves the combat. Unfortunately, Hellblade has a very small amount of enemy variation. You get shield guy, strong guy, normal guy, and fast guy. Eventually, they become able to cloak themselves which requires you to either land a parry or to use the game's slowdown mechanic to counter.That's about it, though. The only heightening in difficulty is that eventually, the enemies just spawn endlessly. But you can't tell that's actually what's happening for a bit, because the game spawns in enemies as you kill other enemies to start with, which is one of the cardinal sins of gaming in my opinion.Monsters need to either exist in the game world to start with, or come out of something that can be destroyed or closed a la Gauntlet Legends. If, like in Hellblade, you get stuck into an arena with invisible walls and the game just spawns in enemies for a while, the whole thing rather loses its punch. Worse, it's easy for that sort of thing to break immersion, which is a hard pill to swallow in a game which otherwise is striving with every drop of sweat and twinge of effort to create that immersion.I would much have preferred very few, very difficult enemies who actually existed in the game world to unknowable numbers of instant-spawn easy enemies.The puzzles I'm referring to are the Rune-recognition puzzles. Every so often, the game will give you a set of images to find in the surrounding environment in order to unlock a door. After the first one, these are almost heartbreaking to find. It's so boring, and is quite clearly just a way to force the player to move around the environment and see and explore everything, as well as maybe being a way to extend game time.It's not a good look. Otherwise, many of the puzzles work for me; the ones that actually use the environment are very interesting, and make it feel like there's a point to doing the puzzle which is in the player's favor. Rebuilding a bridge in Helheim, for instance, or finding your way through Odin's darkened maze.Taken all together, you have an absolutely fantastic and well-acted movie with some average game built into it. I heartily recommend Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice for anyone looking for an engaging, disturbing, and not-too-challenging *experience,* a word not to be used lightly in this case."
76561198053123349,Recommended,414340,34534866,Posted: 27 August,all,RızaBaba,This is the best game i have ever played. I hope they will make games like this in the future. I highly recommend this game. Thank you.
,Recommended,414340,34124807,Posted: 9 August,all,SokK,"Creepy ASMR Simulator 2K18.Jokes aside, I don't know what to think of this game.At first I liked it, even if the game is way more a ""walking simulator"" than an Action game ""a la DMC"".But by the end of it, I was... angry at Hellblade.Angry because it turns out the scenario isn't so great and because the combat gets awfully boring as you'll encouter the same 4 monsters throughout ALL THE GAME many many times (even in the same fight, the same ennemies will pop up again and again).Still, Senua is a great character and the game is GORGEOUS (but not really optimized for 4K gaming, I have a 1080ti and the game plays around 40FPS when any other release is 60 on my computer). I also like the fact that they released it as a $30 dollar game.And that's why I recommend this game, it's not bad for its price. It's not a great game, it's just a good one, and sometimes that's enough."
76561198037680270,Recommended,414340,34208358,Posted: 13 August,all,Gixkung,Perma-Death ?Omg plz take my money !!!
76561198061805386,Recommended,414340,34117004,Posted: 8 August,all,eztarget,"Never have I played a game like this.I blink and an hour and a half has passed.I got through an early battle and when it was over I felt like it was me physically fighting. Every enemy attack felt like it would be the end of me if I slipped. My hands were saturated with sweat. My entire body was tense, and when it was over I could feel my pores relax.The gameplay may be simple but it's execution is like nothing I have ever experienced.You are doing yourself a disservice by not playing this game.Wear headphones.10/10 will keep playing."
,Recommended,414340,34127844,Posted: 9 August,all,『n』『a』『n』『i』,"ASMR Simulator 2017Jokes aside.Great atmosphere and sounddesign, aswell as visuals.Battle-System is rather simple, but direct.Only thing I feel like is missing out is more of a story, not only saving someone you love (like always).But I'm just at the beginning, so maybe there is more to come!Overall it seems pretty nice so far.EDIT: Now after finishing the game two days ago, I feel like the story was great too. My GOTY right now!EDITEDIT: My first playthrough took 7,7h. Second one for all archievements took 4,9h with no rush."
76561198060580448,Recommended,414340,34151627,Posted: 10 August,all,Rasvis,"HOLY BALLZ This game is awesome! Intense, beautiful, but also guite hard. Love the lore and the stories, so i would recommend for fans of viking/celtic stuff. Also.. the soundtrack... O-M-F-G so good! 1/1"
76561198045276509,Recommended,414340,34152259,Posted: 10 August,all,I Blow for Blow,"By far one of the best games i have ever played in my entire life, a couple of things that you want to know before you purchase this masterpiece would be: 1: It is more of a walking simulator then PUBG but if you system can handle the graphics on very high the walks are worth it, 2: For the full experience the game must be played with either a surround sound audio system or a high quality headset as a lot of the dialouge is very similar as to what most would describe as audio hallucinations, 3: There is no UI what so ever, instead the game decided to go with a much more uniqure route and use the main character Senua psychosis to inform the player of where to go what to do and where the enemies are durring the combat. Im not going to go into detail about the story or the gameplay as it may sruin the entire game experience. But, if your going for a well rounded story based game with excellent graphics and an outstanding unique gameplay idea/concept then this is the perfect game for you"
76561198006642584,Recommended,414340,34152284,Posted: 10 August,all,codewright,"Absolutely astounding atmosphere, great graphics and nicely polished game!"
76561198018967070,Recommended,414340,34242087,Posted: 14 August,all,SalwaBizz,Walking simulatig at its best :)
,Recommended,414340,34109098,Posted: 8 August,all,Raido25,"Had really good experience with this game, gave me chills and feels. Really easily get you immersed.Beautiful graphic, amazing cut scenes. Audio was outstanding.  Did not found any major bug, so game is really well polished. I do dig the nordic theme, even thought it's well used. Enjoyed the short nordic fairy tales as collectible in the game.The controls and response of the character feels good (played on controller), also like the little help from the ""voices in your head"" during combat.Used type of puzzles are nothing new in game worlds, found them not challenging, but interesting.Combat is common, dodge, parry, light/heavy attack and stun or guard break. I did enjoy the combat but there wasn't enough of it.The biggest negative of this game is lack of content, game have approximately 7 hours of gameplay or shorter if you are better with puzzles than me. Story seems short but still good and intense.I think that the lack of the content is compensated by the prize €30, where you still can enjoy amazing graphic, intensive and energetic story for few hours.I give this game 8/10."
76561198145986938,Recommended,414340,34355162,Posted: 19 August,all,The Laughing Man,Vikings meets Silent hill. A brilliantly disturbing journey into a broken mind wraped in nordic mythology. An amazing  experience thats a little light on the gameplay side but rich in its narrative and presentation. A must buy!
,Recommended,414340,34355373,Posted: 19 August,all,▼,"Impressive atmosphere, characterization, sound design, music, and textures/models. Very cinematic, in fact this game feels like a cross between an epic odyssey film and a game. I have never quite played a game that has achieved what this game has. I enjoy pretty much everything Senua's Sacrifice has to offer, and I believe that some of the things others are complaining about, like the punishing combat and somewhat repetitive mechanics, actually do well to reflect the brutal and accursed nature of the environment and Senua's psyche."
76561197970285678,Recommended,414340,34197377,Posted: 12 August,all,Duke,Awesome GFXAwesome StoryAwesome AnimationsAwesome SoundIts a very well made games and i loved it from the start to finishif you are not into story telling games without deep combat or fighting mechanics its not for youbut if you like a very well made singleplayer/Story telling game you should give it a try
,Recommended,414340,34107681,Posted: 8 August,all,Eremita Silvano,"People that hate this game knows no passion, nor Gods.This game is a reminder that a game can be tormenting, yet beautiful to play, to listen to.We need more of this, something that goes behind pressing buttons like catatonics.Be free from those games, embrace culture, gameplay and this dark tale, which will make you think, instead of looking at your futile online rankings."
,Recommended,414340,34442177,Posted: 23 August,all,Sheepus,"A great game for a great value.Presentation: 10The presentation of the game is great. There's no UI on screen, nice photo-mode, Although menu is slightly basic, it doesn't really bring anything down. Artwork of the game is quite beautiful, loved the presentation of norse mythology.Gameplay: 10Puzzles are amazing. Manipulating environment to solve it was an innovative step. It was similar to Watch_Dogs' QR puzzles. Combat is straightforward and easy, yet challenging. Play it on hard and you'll enjoy it a bit more.Audio: 103D binaural audio creates the tension and feel of suffering from psychosis in a scarily realistic manner. Voice acting and facial animation is AAA level.Story: 9.5This might not be everyone's favourite, but I was really impressed by the story.  I enjoyed it from beginning to end.Graphics: 8The game is gorgeous, but you can spot the low resolution textures or heavy use of post-processing making it slightly less appealing. I turned the grain and motion blur off through config files but the textures at some places really put me off. Also, it doesn't run very smooth. It kinda feels choppy on my 970 sometimes.Overall: 9.5/10IT'S WORTH THE MONEY."
,Recommended,414340,34545127,Posted: 27 August,all,Dridane,"Just... wow. This game was absolutely phenomenal. The tension, the characters, the combat, the world. I loved every single second of this game. It's better than most $60 I've played, and I would recommend it to anyone."
76561197988223097,Recommended,414340,34495759,Posted: 25 August,all,Red Queen,"This game is an interactive art piece. I have never played anything like it. The experience of sublime satisfaction I had after finishing this game is precisely why I play video games at all. I recommend it to everyone who enjoys beautiful, thoughtful stories.Of note, you must have a pair of headphones to really get the full experience. The sensation of voices talking in either ear, in varying pitches and tones, from the brooding and reverberating voice of Senua's Shadow to the ASMR voice of Senua's narrator, is very unique. A controller is also recommended for the game.The game is short (about 8 hours) and I feel no need to replay it. I view this as a positive. I have less time to play games now and this game does not waste my time. The game is exceedingly streamlined and filled with memorable messages, themes, and areas. Each encounter presents a new aspect of Senua's character and history. There was never an experience of grind nor was there ever a dip in quality. The combat is also delightful. It plays similar to the Arkham Asylum series or Shadow of Mordor games, but with auditory cues rather than visual. It serves its purpose well, where combat on hard felt desperate and brutal. The entire experience was consistently awe-inspiring. I'm not entirely sure how to describe the game beyond this. Senua's version of paranoid schizophrenia (among other conditions) is tastefully presented and cast over an insightful backdrop of Norse mythology. To detail how masterfully the game intertwines Senua's perspective with mythology would entail spoilers, but it is truly a thing of art."
76561198070795057,Recommended,414340,34430904,Posted: 22 August,all,Jai Normus,This game really hits hard. It had a much bigger impact than I thought it would. Just play it. 10/10
,Recommended,414340,34435882,Posted: 23 August,all,Ne[a]era,Hellblade was an extraordinary experience from start to finish. Few games touched me quite like this. An unique story paired with oustanding facial animations make this a must buy. It is worth your money!
76561198045930603,Recommended,414340,34241378,Posted: 14 August,all,Xeer[Ita],"This game it's meant to narrate a story and It does it wonderfully:Story, narration, characters, atmosphere, graphic, photography, audio, acting, animations all perfect.8-10 hours long (well used to narrate the events of the game, not long, not short).Note: this is focused ON THE STORY, don't expect a quick replay, an elaborate combat system or challenging puzzles.It's more like watching/play a long interactive movie with a deep immersion in the point of view of the protagonist.-> If you want another Hack&Slash this ISN'T for you. <-"
76561198079398184,Recommended,414340,34115061,Posted: 8 August,all,Onyx Protocol,"This game is an absolute artistic masterpiece. The game has non-stop flow, fully immersive story and some genuinely riveting scenes. This is an absolute must-play for those of you out there that enjoy immersive environments and rich protagonist story (and sexy graphics). Support Ninja Theory and give this game a go!"
,Recommended,414340,34181998,Posted: 11 August,all,HotDog800,"A fantastic game that plays amazingly, looks stunning, and is beyond rewarding.  Masterpiece."
76561198010224405,Recommended,414340,34115290,Posted: 8 August,all,S1edgehammer,Play with headphones!!!!
,Recommended,414340,34137493,Posted: 9 August,all,Krycerick,"Really great game, Combat is a bit repetitive but its not a game about combat."
,Recommended,414340,34158963,Posted: 10 August,all,Mayor Glande,"Oh my, where to start.I was initially attracted to the Viking setting and pretty graphics, and I ended up with a lot more than I expected.Monsters have cool designs and one of them really creeped the f out of me.As the game recommends,play with headphones!This game is forstory gamers. Yes, there is combat, it's not too heavy or varied, but it is satisfying (fits perfectly in the narrative).Graphics are top notch, easily some of the best this year,  topping even AAA titles.Music completes and elevates the atmosphere, voice acting is top notch as well.Face capture and acting is simply the best I've ever seen in any game.Storywise I would say it could have been a bit longer, maybe try to get the player more invested, but that's really just me being hard on it because I liked it that much. I still like the story a lot. Still so much better and fresher than a bunch of other recent games."
76561198028504831,Recommended,414340,34179444,Posted: 11 August,all,BuddaZero,"Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice is an unimaginable pain of self-preservation, as you try to not get consumed by the darkness…literally. If you’re a fan of a good story with a powerful message, that has adventure, fighting, and beautiful eyes gazing graphics-this is the game for you. After finishing the game last night, I want to play it all over again.Before the game starts it is advertised that it is best played with Headphones. The heavy dreaded atmosphere along with the great sound design, and the voices in Senua’s head makes the thrill and the psychotic experience a great game changer in the industry, as well as a Public Service Announcement about people with mental health issues. This story is about a girl who suffers uncontrollable from mental illness. Her mission is to journey to hell to free the soul of someone she loves, so they won’t be tortured by the darkness…her darkness.Through this journey they’re puzzles that she must solve, and demons she must fight. The voices in her head help her at most times, but if there’s a chance she might be in danger, they either tell her to flee, or help her fight in combat. So many times, while I was fighting monster the voices would say “BEHIND YOU!” and I would duck out the way as the demons from my back try to slash me open.30 minutes into the game you have your first fight, and it is made clear that if you keep dying, the darkness will spread closer and closer to your brain, and if it does, you will fail. All your progress will be lost. With that, the game keeps you on your toes, and makes you feel like you actually have something to lose. That’s a rarity in games, because in others you can just hop back onto one of your saves and do it again. Not This Game. I had the combat difficulty set to Hard so I can get the most intense experience from it. Luckily till the end I had only died/failed twice, I’m guessing it takes a lot more for you to start over from scratch.The combat system is not at all hard to learn, when you’re surrounded by 5-10 demons however it can get challenging and you’re concerned for your life. Even in some puzzles you can die, especially if you’re walking on a plank to the other side, and at the bottom you’re high above the air and one wrong step will cost you all the hours you spent. The sad thing about Senua’s journey, is that the darkness spreads regardless whether you die or not. Every win you get the darkness spreads, every challenge you fail the darkness spreads. It is unfair and that is the message Hellblade expresses so justly. People with mental health issues, who try to escape their darkness but can’t, is an unfair battle.If you’re going to buy this game, let me leave you with this: Even through all the hellish things you’ll experience in this dark twisted game, there is still hope to find the light. When playing as Senua you’ll notice that you too want to help her on her quest, and you’ll also discover that you too…might be one of the many voices in her head…the light in the darkness that tries to keep her alive."
,Recommended,414340,34182636,Posted: 11 August,all,clingbeetle,"I never write reviews, but after fightingfenrir(A boss that blinds you and forces you to listen to it's movements to predict when and where he's going to strike) I felt like I had to. I don't want to spoil it for anyone but theres another point in the game where you have to sneak past enemies while blind relying solely on sound and it's terrifying. While not being a horror game this game has some seriously haunting moments and it's incredibly clever with spatial sound. Easily one of the most intense games I've ever played."
76561198061776583,Recommended,414340,34213349,Posted: 13 August,all,Biolook,"when i played this game , i actually feared that i would be mentaly ill from it , this is how well the game is made."
76561198107168660,Recommended,414340,34381176,Posted: 20 August,all,iRubbbz,Absolutely brilliant
,Recommended,414340,34431681,Posted: 22 August,all,The Pavement Warrior,This is not just a game. It's an experience.
,Recommended,414340,34150187,Posted: 10 August,all,Z3ltu,"Very enjoyable story, puzzle solving and sub stories.Worth a playthrough!Enjoy"
,Recommended,414340,34150406,Posted: 10 August,all,Drunk Trevor,Well that game awesome. 7 hours but worth it thx Ninja Theory and all Devoloper`s Team for this game.Atmosphere about Celtic culture awesome i love it
76561198269402201,Recommended,414340,34221532,Posted: 13 August,all,ThaJester898,"This is by far the best purchase I've made in years. This game is stunning at every angle. The audio and visuals are second to none, this is truely the reason we buy 7.1DDS headsets. Combat is fast, responsive, fluid and I cant get enough of it. Ive never seen so much detail crammed into a single story and thats a very good thing. Puzzles can be a slight challenge to solve but its nothing a 10 year old couldnt eventually figure out. I give this game 10/10. I cant wait to see whats next!"
76561197971850516,Recommended,414340,34431285,Posted: 22 August,all,Shaggy_One,"This game is a breath of fresh air in the gaming market. As messed up as the topics and imagery represented are, this game presents something wholly unique while being immediately accessible. The game's representation of psychosis is nuanced in most every aspect of the game. I found myself being completely immersed in Senua's world at times, not even questioning her actions until after I had beaten the game. Pattern matching and obsessing over certain details and objects.And then there's the voices. I can't speak from experience as to whether or not the representation that ninja theory went with was overly realistic or not but damn was it convincing and terrifying. How they egg you on to complete something and then beat you down when you get hurt, take a little too long or get sidetracked is just something I hope I sincerely never have to deal with. HIGHLY recommended to use headphones in this game. I don't think this game would be near as impressive as it was if I had been listening through my speakers.All in all this game is an incredible experience and something that was a monumental risk from the developers in representing. I really hope more of these middle developer games come out and push the game market to new heights as I feel Ninja Theory knocked this ball out of the damned park."
76561198051145994,Recommended,414340,34115133,Posted: 8 August,all,TimHortonHAW,So as I've just finished I have to say I was totally blown away!The screenshots shown on the store page is what the game looks like.The combat may seems simple but it was actually pretty intense and the boss fights were really great.It didn't crash and I didn't run into any bugs.Was at a solid 50 FPS the whole way through at very high settings.This might very well be my game of the year!I give this a high recommendation!
,Recommended,414340,34182483,Posted: 11 August,all,Valkyrjan,"This game is absolutely stunning. Not only is the story engaging and suspenseful, the lore for the Northmen is correct. It's almost exact as  to what I have read (Obviously everyone has their take on the translations and descripptions).I've never been one to recommend a game, but must be played, by everyone. Young or old. It delves into things that may make other understand mental illness, and may open their mind to it. This game is more than just game, it's a look through someone else's eyes, someone who has a darkness inside them.10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34380240,Posted: 20 August,all,Valravn,Subtitles are messed up but other than that great game. Try it out you wont regret it.
,Recommended,414340,34131505,Posted: 9 August,all,Ionix,"Great storytelling, fluid and entertaining combat."
,Recommended,414340,34141638,Posted: 10 August,all,UnsungNugget,whoas...play this game...
76561197977619350,Recommended,414340,34384882,Posted: 20 August,all,Wispy,Amazing game!
,Recommended,414340,34135109,Posted: 9 August,all,Kris.vdv,"For people who like dark, cinematic games in which the focus lies on the story, the atmosphere and the incredible audio and visuals.  I love this."
76561198024940064,Recommended,414340,34097397,Posted: 8 August,all,VonJolly,"From my first impressions I like what this game has to offer so far.I've ran in to a coupple bugs, nothing game breaking.- Turning off the Hud in Photo Mode caused me to be stuck in photo mode. I had to alt f4 out.-  After restarting a boss the sound would mute for a few secondsOther than that the games been great. A nice linear crafted game, with puzzles, and simple but fun and stylish combat. Give it a go already!"
76561198007292372,Recommended,414340,34858940,Posted: 10 September,all,Achtung78,One of the best games I ever played. Great story and good atmosphere.
,Recommended,414340,34859049,Posted: 10 September,all,Wurstautomat,A fantastic and creepy experience. It's a masterpiece in my opinion.Good headphones highly recommended!
,Recommended,414340,34165097,Posted: 11 August,all,UfoAnkan,Enjoyed it alot. 10/10.
76561198054237067,Recommended,414340,34165135,Posted: 11 August,all,YetiHairball,Just amazing.
,Recommended,414340,34165092,Posted: 11 August,all,SugarCookies,this game is a 10/10 best single player game i played like ever. im wet
,Recommended,414340,34157638,Posted: 10 August,all,realm_01,Very emotional.
,Not Recommended,414340,34104730,Posted: 8 August,all,KnowNothingNerd,"The game is beautiful and the story is interesting, but I thought I was getting something with a little more combat. For me there is not enough gameplay to justify paying 30 bucks. Would it be worth picking up on a sale? I think so. It's mostly story and eyecandy, so if that is your thing, you will probably dig it."
,Recommended,414340,34114513,Posted: 8 August,all,Endy,Absolutely stunning.
76561198022897265,Recommended,414340,34111804,Posted: 8 August,all,Mesjaf,"WOW!I knew this game will be great but I didn't expect THAT.This game is something new, something fresh you haven't played.And the only way you can play it is in your headphones.Here's a 20 minute vido of my playthrough. Put your head set on an check it out, be aware though it contains some early game spoiled as it shows a boss fight.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdnQM18-x98&feature=youtu.be"
76561197995249187,Recommended,414340,34299978,Posted: 16 August,all,laika_prose,"This game was an absolutely brilliant experience. No HUD, no health indicator, no button prompts: everything learned through trial and error from the first focus to the last shred of trust you throw into your constant companions.I found myself emotionally investing heavily into Senua: to the point that I became a voice in the crowd arguing for and against the paths and actions I guided her upon.I wanted to help her.  I felt it as a desperate need, and I kept playing until the very end with a wrath and fury that refused to give up against all odds.  While I, too, was mildly confused at the end, the emotional journey I took kept the tears running and my vocal chords trembling all through the credits.My only negative thought is that in leaving the combat difficulty on Auto, I may have had far longer combat sessions that necessary. . . but that gave me all the more opportunities to fight like a Celtic badass (one fight in particular I wish I could have seen a Batman Arkham style combo meter).9.5/10 - Would Ragnarok Again!"
,Recommended,414340,34302017,Posted: 17 August,all,DarkJester01,"Amazing absolutely amazing. This game reminds me of dead Space, the Voices the dread, the atmosphere. tis great, and the fighting reminds me dark souls. However it's not dead space and it's not dark souls, if anything it's a little more forgiving than those. This game is more of an experience rather than your typical ninja theory game. Don't expect another Enslaved or even a hevenly sword. This game is very unique and if you enjoy story driven games you will enjoy this game very much. 10/10 hands down.  By the way my experience lasted 10+hours. well worth the 30 buck I paid. worth every penny!"
76561197993459184,Recommended,414340,34302304,Posted: 17 August,all,c0mplete,This was pretty damn good.
76561198063983262,Recommended,414340,34307411,Posted: 17 August,all,Max The Dog,"This game is eerily beautiful. The world design is simply outstanding and the portrayl and implementation of psychosis is very, very well done, having seen the making of and doing more research on the disorder after playing the game.- Brilliant world and level design- creepy and captivating story- brilliant portrayl of psychosisone of the most amazing experiences i've ever had with a game."
,Recommended,414340,34307525,Posted: 17 August,all,G amanic,"I have played many story games, but this one really stands out, the voices really make it a great experience and even though they don't use music that often, when they use it it is epicThe fighting in it is also a bit different cause the voices help youworth every penny"
,Recommended,414340,34310570,Posted: 17 August,all,Khallighanm,Hellblade trully is a unique experience.
,Recommended,414340,34297017,Posted: 16 August,all,FelixDied,"This game is amazing, please I know it is very easy to torrent it but please buy it, Ninja Theory deserves it they did a fantastic job on this one with only a small group of people working on it and publishing it alone and not overpricing it so I just had to buy it on day one I saw some trailers and the dev diaries and I also loved another game they made called Enslaved. I played on easy because I suck and it was still challenging but good challenging even though I died a few times, My only complaint is that some of the puzzles felt out of place and I couldn't figure out what to do so I looked it up on youtube but there only a couple of them the rest of the game felt fluid"
,Not Recommended,414340,34894985,Posted: 11 September,all,Edo1494,"after playing enslaved odyssey to the west, this game is a big dissapointment. true, the graphics and art are beutiful, but the game is boring. if you like action games then this game is not for you."
76561198072364350,Recommended,414340,34296198,Posted: 16 August,all,VzRedemption,"One of the most original, brutal, disturbing, creepy, emotional, yet engrossing gaming experiences I've ever had. It's an important milestone of the entire gaming industry...Ninja Theory has broken into the unexplored territory of mental illness in such a captivating way with this game. The actress who plays Senua has truly brought her character to life. Production values are high, the visuals are gorgeous, sound design is unsettlingly good, and the underlying story of Senua's tragedy is worth the price of admission. It's definitely not without its flaws (bugs and a wonky camera to name a couple), but the overall experience provides something fresh and satisfying, a game well worth playing for those looking for something different.9/10"
76561198059807153,Recommended,414340,34301645,Posted: 17 August,all,RafTheMexican,Amazing cinematic experience. Great story and mood. Worth the price even though it is short. Combat is simple yet fun because it has consequences..
,Recommended,414340,34304970,Posted: 17 August,all,❣`Sc4rLeTz,ผมเล่นเกมนี้ไปได้แค่ 45 นาทีแล้วต้องลบทิ้งแล้วขอเงินคืนทันที ไม่ใช่เพราะเกมไม่ดี ไม่สนุก แต่เนื้อหามันมืดเกินไปสำหรับผมในตอนนี้มากๆ เล่นไปได้แค่ 45 นาทีรู้สึกอึดอัดและเหมือนมีอาการจิตๆมาทันทีเลย 55555แต่เกมดีครับ สัมผัสได้เลย คาแรคเตอร์ดี คอมแบทสนุกมาก ตัวละครมีเสน่ห์ เนื้อเรื่องน่าติดตามสุดๆ ถึงผมเล่นเองไม่ไหวแต่ก้ติดตามตลอดเพราะเกมดีจริงครับเพียงแต่ผมเล่นเองไม่ไหวเท่านั้น 5555555
76561198126400142,Recommended,414340,34305902,Posted: 17 August,all,TheFoxNoir,"Beautiful presentation, slick combat and interesting puzzles.The game dips into multiple genres and attempts to engage the players senses on multiple levels, which is mostly successful but will be heavily impacted by people personal audio setups as well as choice of input (controller is definitely a recommendation for this title)Its definitely a slow burn, I played about an hour of it and wasn't super interested, then when I tried it for a second time it hooked me in. Despite its short length, I felt this is a game to take your time with, leaving space and time to reflect upon what the game is trying to convey to us.Not a run of the mill experience, but if you're interested in mythology and not squeamish about some pretty harrowing depictions of human suffering I would say give it a try."
76561198169836006,Recommended,414340,34306605,Posted: 17 August,all,Miej,"It's an incredibly beautiful game.  Perhaps the first time I've been simultaneously scared for, and scared by the main character.  It gave me nightmares after only 4 hours of playing it.  Highly recommended."
76561198011914727,Recommended,414340,34298509,Posted: 16 August,all,gerberBabey,Absolutely worth the time and money spent.An extremely important game.
,Recommended,414340,34463120,Posted: 24 August,all,Gutscar,"Fantastic cinematic experience, I highly recommend giving this a shot if you like psychological thrillers. The only complaint that I have about this game is that the actual combat is pretty lack luster. That being said, it is still very good.If you have ever suffered from psychosis I would stear clear, this game is intensly good at simulating voices in your head."
,Recommended,414340,34360674,Posted: 19 August,all,iScream,9/10
76561198046188880,Recommended,414340,34420980,Posted: 22 August,all,zayedxm,best game this summer 10/10
76561198130072633,Not Recommended,414340,34342211,Posted: 18 August,all,DrifterMoe,"I appreciate the thought and effort behind this game, however I did not find the game interesting or enjoyable. The visuals are stunning esepecially for an independant game, and Senuas hallucinations (auditory and visual) are presented accurately and in a creative way. However I did not find the narrative gripping or the barebones gameplay at all enjoyable. If the gameplay had more depth and greater enemy variety it certainly would have gotten a recommendation from me. But at this point it is a walking simulator with intermittent bursts of repetetive combat."
76561197988199794,Recommended,414340,34421004,Posted: 22 August,all,niccobrik,"One of the best examples of how useless the publisher are. The guys from ninja theory show us how make a quality game without the excessive price demanded from the publisher (for the so called triple-A bulls**t ideal).The game is a fantastic experience that also make awareness ona a delicate subject.Truly beautiful, story driven, action oriented with a level of polish able to stand all the major production.Buy it."
,Recommended,414340,34956572,Posted: 14 September,all,SickB,Ninja Theories Masterpiece ... just wow
76561198064650056,Recommended,414340,34459799,Posted: 24 August,all,WfB.Subtraktor,"The best game of the year, hands down.If anyone who likes storytelling gives this a pass it's their own loss420/10"
76561198278786544,Recommended,414340,34201365,Posted: 12 August,all,Ryanmsmith86,"Going to keep this short and simple. Just finished the game and it was absolutely amazing! If you have any interest in this game whatsoever, just take the plunge and buy it. I would happily pay $60 for Hellblade. So reward the devs and buy now! They made a AAA game, and are only charging $30!  It's polished, had no glitches or issues through entire playthrough, it's absolutely beautiful, the combat is fun and intense, without being punishing, and the story is unlike anything iv'e experienced in a video game. Great job Ninja Theory! 10/10 in my book!"
,Recommended,414340,34421710,Posted: 22 August,all,KiLaCoLa,This game is now one of my favourites.Its an unforgetable experience with amazing gameplay and story.The game runs smoothly and is one of the most beautiful games out there.
,Recommended,414340,34373948,Posted: 20 August,all,PaINOF,Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is one of the best games I've played on my entire life.
,Recommended,414340,34205478,Posted: 12 August,all,azenfumoffu!,"I don't know how this game keeps doing it, but It keeps me engaged! Such a good game even with lesser combat, It still manages to feel great!"
76561198076965434,Recommended,414340,34101491,Posted: 8 August,all,Berk,Amazing so far! :-)
,Not Recommended,414340,35216518,Posted: 25 September,all,Don't do it.,"This game LOOKS like the type of game I would love. It is oozing atmosphere, and the visuals and sound design make me feel wonderfully uncomfortable and intrigued. Unfortunately, every rune gate I encounter is glitched. I complete the puzzle required to open them, but then I am unable to interact with them after. I had to walk a ways away from the first one and then come back to it before it would let me interact. The last one I have encountered will not open no matter what I try.I hope they release a patch soon to address this issue. I will consider changing my review if they do. For now, I'm refunding."
,Not Recommended,414340,35080022,Posted: 20 September,all,Supreme_Court,"First off, this is a very well-made game. High quality visuals (for the most part), voice acting, and animation. If you very much enjoy atmopheric games, I would recommend this. On the other hand...I was kind of afraid of this from watching the trailers. This game almost feels like an E3 demo, if that makes sense. It's just not very engaging. You move slowly down long paths in pretty, closed off environments, complete repetative puzzles, and defeat predictable enemies. You get a bunch of exposition dumped on you at each puzzle and marker, but nothing that is said matters because the solution is always to just keep moving down the path and look at walls and doors.I know this is supposed to be mainly atmospheric and story-rich, but I guess I was just expecting more from the gameplay. It's also hard to keep track of the story when you know next to nothing about the character or the world, and parts of exposition sound like Nordic word-salad, with so many names and places rattled off that it's impossible to remember everything or figure out which parts you're supposed to be caring about.Usually I don't pay more than $20.00 for any single game (I know, I'm cheap). I do make exceptions, of course, but to me, this game just doesn't warrant one. Not sure why I didn't try playing it right after I bought it, because now I've owned it for over the 2 weeks."
76561198198847683,Recommended,414340,34107519,Posted: 8 August,all,Lior,AMAZING GAME & GRAPHICS !!!
76561198150896916,Recommended,414340,34232477,Posted: 14 August,all,Karon&Hailey,Epic music with the epic final battleEnjoy
,Recommended,414340,34232448,Posted: 14 August,all,Dragoo (SK),Just one word: MASTERPIECE!
76561197998712338,Recommended,414340,34103645,Posted: 8 August,all,Aspen,Beat the game now and it's still a very good FOOKIN game!
,Recommended,414340,34107545,Posted: 8 August,all,Ascrobin,"I played it about 8 Hours now, and its amazing.First hour wasn't too much of a big deal, but then after the first boss fight the game started to pull me in.Can't even explain how frightened i was in some situations. The Mix between Fighting, Story and Scary-stuff is just perfect.It's a must buy for everyone. 29,99€ is not a big of a deal for such a brilliant game.TL;DR: Buy it."
,Not Recommended,414340,34383099,Posted: 20 August,all,DJ Christian Mingle,"I went into this expecting something like a psychological thriller with a bit of combat, but what I actually got was a hack and slash puzzle game, which is both of my least favorite genres put into one.The story is great, but I feel it would have been just as captivating as a short film of just the cutscene parts. I felt the puzzles and combat added nothing to the game at all, I find the ""Where's Waldo"" rune search puzzles to be extremely tiresome and nearly shut the game off and uninstalled at multiple points.Where I truly lost interest was the final battle with Hela, I probably killed 200 enemies before I gave up and took my hands off the mouse and keyboard, ready to uninstall right there. Then Senua died, and I realized you're supposed to die during the fight. This is counterintuitive to me after we spend the entire game keeping Senua alive. There was no indication that you're supposed to die.For those reasons I can't recommend this game. Wait until someone uploads a cutscene compilation on YouTube and you'll get all of the meaningful parts out of this, which would definitely be worth the watch."
,Recommended,414340,34103023,Posted: 8 August,all,Vespyr3,"Why is he writing this review? nobody is going to read it. What an idiot. Stop writing! Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. STOP!...Finally!..Oh wait, look, he's started again, how pathetic."
,Recommended,414340,34099746,Posted: 8 August,all,Minibrox,Even the voices in my head agree that this game is worth to buy
,Recommended,414340,34106273,Posted: 8 August,all,HUNTERv2,Worth every penny !
76561198313865710,Not Recommended,414340,34337016,Posted: 18 August,all,SammyTheSandwichBoy,"I have mixed feelings about this game. At first I absolutely loved it, the overall visuals are so breathtaking it seems better than reality. The combat is so fresh and fun ever time. And the puzzles are worthy of such a genre of game.However, by god this game has lost my love by the end. The ""voices"" are so annoying as they never fail to state the obvious and I found myself literally saying ""NO♥♥♥♥♥♥SHERLOCK"". The cliche mentioning of ""the darkness"" has aboud one hundred different meanings and the game's story refuses to have clear consticancy. And while that may be the point to reflect the protagonists mental state, the story by the end is unbearable to look back on. It feels like the I've ran around in figurative circles and murky story telling for about 8 hours only to be slapped in the face by and INSULTING, UNDERWHELMING, AND UNCLEAR ENDING. I cannot reccomend this game for the current price of $30. Maybe if it is was cheaper I could make an exception, but I simply cannot accept how brutally pointless and anti-climactic the story went."
,Recommended,414340,34108321,Posted: 8 August,all,Gangis Humplstien,"This is simply an amazing game.The atmosphere of the game is top notch, all the sounds are so realistic and immersive. Especially when wearing headphones - this is when the voices in Senua's head really come into play, the whispering makes it sound like someone is really behind you and I even turned my head a few times as I thought one of my family members were calling for me, the voices can sometimes really make you flinch with the sounds, some real ASMR going on, they will even help you in combat ""Behind you!"" as one of the Viking's swing their sword as you dodge. The best part is that you seem to have two different sets of voices the one's who are with you who encourage you ""You can do it, you are strong enough! Come on Senua!"" and the one's who don't want you to pass ""You're not strong enough, you are bleeding just die! Just die!"" they will even give you really great hints for taking down enemies! But these two sets of voices add a whole new layer of imerssion as it allows you to get an insight into how Senua feels and how she see's herself as guilty for many people's deaths and that she carries that burden with her at all times.The combat is also something I have fallen in love with, you can kick, block, parry, dodge, light attack, heavy attack, sprint into attacks, charge up your heavy attack and have a whole new stance where Senua seems for composed as you dodge around with her in that stance. And all of these make for some beautiful variation in combat, especially since you get a sense of Senua's despiration, anger and determination in how she fights. You can also enter a focus mode where it turns slow-motion allowing you to slice up bois and also attack the enemies that are in shadow forms however I prefer not to use it and instead just parry them or charge a heavy attack to get them out of the shadow form, it makes the game more challenging and allows the fights to last longer which I love. But needless to say the combat is SO cinematic, you feel so cool pulling off all these moves whilst using your superior speed to dodge inbetween the enemies.This game also has some really amazing boss fights, they all feel sufficently difficult whilst all being really fun to fight and each having their own really different dynamic that keeps the game fresh.(The photo-mode is also really great, allowing you to take some beautifully emotion enducing shots)The voice acting of this game is wonderful, every voice is top-notch and they all add to the immersion of the game, each line allows you to get a sense of the characters wants, needs, dislikes and likes and also an insight into their past.The ""rot"" was also a nice suprise, where in the game whenever you die the rot consumes more of your body, and if it reaches your head your quest fails and you lose all progress. A nice little rogue-like feature that adds to the intense nature of the game, making every battle feel dangerous rather than ""Oh I can just die and try again"" it gives you the same determination to win that Senua has.I had so much more to talk about but in my preachings I seem to have lost track. Long story short I really recommend this game to everyone! It's easily taken number 1 spot on my favorite games and I'm going to be replaying it again and again it was just such a blast and so worth the £24.99 I paid for it."
,Recommended,414340,34226194,Posted: 13 August,all,Rounee,I didn't think this game was worth 30 but after playing through it. I must admit. I was wrong.
76561198153435137,Recommended,414340,34517364,Posted: 26 August,all,tydelambert,"great game 9/10, somtimes confusing i had to play it twice to really under stand it but the hellblade wiki fandom explains all of the plot holes very well. this game really draws you into the mind of a insane person very well, oh and she dies at the end ;)"
76561198081910479,Recommended,414340,34109106,Posted: 8 August,all,ConyoK,"This is not like Dork Suls !No Bonefire, No R1 R1 R1 R1 R1, No Invasion.But this is a good game anyway !10/10I will finish this game !"
,Recommended,414340,34308182,Posted: 17 August,all,LastTao,Unusual game which shows unusual things in a easy to understand way.Nice graphics and combat and amazing sound design.
76561198388415176,Recommended,414340,34319643,Posted: 17 August,all,OldPervyHodges,"If you dont buy this game you a pleb!Amazing game from start to completion, and one I will never forget!"
76561198017488538,Recommended,414340,34231579,Posted: 14 August,all,Xales,"Really Good Game. I love the credit system with the arm and the lack of info, it make the game as wild as the main character (listen to the voices) :)"
,Recommended,414340,34150925,Posted: 10 August,all,Souldrainr,.
,Recommended,414340,34660924,Posted: 1 September,all,blummer102,"I didn't like this quite as much as some people, but it's still 100% worth playing, if only for what it represents. Hellblade is a respectful portrayal of a much-misunderstood mental disorder, features an excellent, unsexualized female protagonist trying to conquer her inner fears and finally brings back the concept of the ""mid-tier game,"" something we really need in this day and age when gaming is radically transforming into an arena only full of indie stuff and big-budget AAA fluff with nothing in between.But bear in mind that large portions of this game are, IMO, something of a chore to get through. The main gameplay mechanic requires you to search for optical illusions in the environment and alternates between being frustrating and a bit boring, and the combat - while occasionally thrilling - suffers from a camera that's too close to the main character. You'll get stuck in corners, ganked by enemies and be unable to see what you're doing, which is something I haven't experienced since the PS2 era.Also, please be aware that Hellblade features some heavy stuff. Prepare to be assaulted by haunting images and lots of voices in your ears, and if you suffer from psychosis yourself, you need to be the judge of whether or not you actually want to play something that could very well trigger a negative effect to your own mental health.Nevertheless, if you can endure some clunkiness, go on and take the plunge. Hellblade is imperfect, but Ninja Theory's trying to do great stuff here, and gaming deserves deeper experiences like this.(If interested, you can read a much longer and more detailed review that I wrote here:http://pixelgrotto.tumblr.com/post/164860369396/dont-give-up-senua-hellblade-senuas)"
,Recommended,414340,34635553,Posted: 31 August,all,zpzpzp,Real Masterpiece
,Recommended,414340,34160529,Posted: 10 August,all,DarthDuwan,"I rate this 9 out of 10, where 10 is the highest. I only wish there was more then 10 it would have been. But make no mistake, the real reason I reviewed this game is because its one of the best games I've ever played so far. It is different that it tackles a taboo subject of mental illness which we should see more of in future games, but still thank God for this game. Thank you Ninja Theory, excellent work."
,Recommended,414340,34231836,Posted: 14 August,all,Fleurèt,"Albeit a bit 'cinematic' at times, the game was brilliant."
,Recommended,414340,34231991,Posted: 14 August,all,SLAUGHTERHOUSE XXVI,Overall this is a great came and a grat experience. Short yes but it sucks you in.
76561197977488293,Recommended,414340,34232056,Posted: 14 August,all,Billy Mays,"A fantastic story driven game for half the price. Phenominal sound and graphics with simple yet tense combat. A deep and emotional story that is a true testament to real life. When things get dark and hopeless, grit your teeth, hold your sword steady and fight. A breath of fresh air for gaming."
,Recommended,414340,34132815,Posted: 9 August,all,Razorcheese,I guess you could say this is one HELL of a game.
76561197961867555,Recommended,414340,34105437,Posted: 8 August,all,Poetfire,"This is an experience, not just a game. 10/10 one of the best games ive ever played. Its short but thats why its cheap. Fully worth the experience and every dollar.The negative reviews seem to be from people who didnt research the game and got it thinking it was another DMC or hack and slash. This game is for the story, yet the gameplay and combat is still fun and intense (had me on the edge of my seat with each blow you see senuas pain and grief)If all you want is combat and pure gameplay there are tons of those games out there with no story or meaning behind them. This is not that.This game is the coming together of all the great arts and sciences. It is visually stunning, it is one of the best stories ive ever been told, the music is incredible, and there is a real development of scientific understanding to human psychology.This game is a whole new level of game, and its not for the people who just want to hack and slack. Play with headphones, its about immersion. Become the character, get scared."
76561198047251886,Not Recommended,414340,35003610,Posted: 16 September,all,farmerjim,"Very unique art direction and story. I was sucked into the dark and mythical world immediately. Unfortunately, after only an hour of playing, I ran into a bug that made it so I couldn't continue the game. There was a door that would open, even after completing the puzzle. This bug has been encountered by others. When I contacted the developer about it, they didn't respond."
76561198064081457,Recommended,414340,34098734,Posted: 8 August,all,Lisa-Azra,"I have been following this game's progress for a long time. Watching each Dev diary with anticipation and awe at the goals they wished to achieve. Now the game is here I am even more amazed at what I have been given. An unbelievably original concept portrayed exactly as was proclaimed, beautifully rendered, unbelieveably realistic and disturbing.This is a ground breaking game and deserves all the accolade it will receive."
76561198067760029,Recommended,414340,34098679,Posted: 8 August,all,Brsrk,"I will be updating this as I play the game...1st update, 45 mins into the game:So first of all the game so far is beautiful in its art, the level of detail in her path is really detailed, grea lighthing and awesome effects. The game follows the good old path of the straight line (at least so far), you follow a path that you cant really get out of, but it gets executed really well. Now to the best part of the game...the sounds...have you ever seen a horror movie that has light sounds effects that are just buzzin in your ears the whole time and they make you feel desperate? or have you been in a group chat where people just dont shut up and it makes you tilted?...this game has both, but executes them so incredibly well into the story that man...I really have no words to describe how good the sound in, as other reviews have said, play with a headset. The combat feels easy so far but its just 45 mins atm so im hoping for more challening enemies.The gameplay feels smoth, running at 60 fps and very high on everything, no stuttering at all. I can see so far that the 20 man team Ninja Theory had here where some of their best. As i said i will continuer updating as i play throught the game."
76561197998007321,Recommended,414340,34740881,Posted: 4 September,all,Ben,"Where to even begin. What can I say that hasn't been said.9 out of 10. Almost perfect. Some of the puzzles are holding it back. Not all of them, but the rune hunt gets a bit annoying at times ( or a lot)The combat is excellent, boss fights are awesome. Truly epic. The sound design... is the best I've ever seen. Never thought Witcher 3's sound could be superseded but here we are.The graphics for an indie game are profoundly impressive. The world is beautiful and lust to the same incredible extent as it can swamp in an instant to grim, dark and horrific.The art design is extremely well executed.The psychological aspect is beautifully portrayed. The constant voices that drive you forwards whilst at the same time scare you, make you paranoid, are furthermore so incredibly GOOD because where as in other games when you usually enter a new zone and reckon that'll be that. These voices comment on EVERYTHING. Every single zone...every single change. Adding feeling, ambience, atmosphere and symbolic meaning to what you see.These locations have purpose, a background, something good happened...or something really really bad. Awful ,terrible. And you feel this not by looking at the art design alone of bodies on stakes. But by the bodies or lore stones you activate that tell you of Ragnarok or how Death and Draugr came to haunt and slay people. How rot was growing in the water and soon spread merciless death to anyone who was unlucky to touch it.All these things... are so beautifully expressed on in the constant, immersive and UNIQUE as hell narration.The game is an absolute masterpiece.You care about Senuas journey, her character, her quest and even her love so much because of how insanely well its been handled by the development team. They didn't leave anything out, weren't lazy with telling us how they feel, how dark their pasts were, how they met, how things fell apart.They want us to care, they want us to become her and care about this character, practically scream at the screen when she's been hit and laying on the floor in pain, voices screaming at her to get up !!!And the player is doing the very same. Making the combat expeirence even more satisfying and relieving once you win because you dont want her to die.She is such a strong, determined character that manages to grow and overcome her weaknesses at the same time. She's not overpowered, shes a badass celtic warrior in love. Who is constantly being challenged by everything around her. Death, war, loss, fear, despair, deception, lies on top of lies and darkness.... above all... darkness that follows her constantly.But she persists. And the ending of the game is beautiful in really giving us that very impression. I wont spoil it. Play it for yourself. Its well worth the asking price. I would have gladly paid 60 bucks for this.Took me 8 hours to complete. I could have probably done it in about 7. I spent a lot of time trying to figure out the puzzles. Only about 3 times though. Most of them are straight forward but some can be very frustrating.But yes. Its a minor thing and wont affect your 2nd playthrough remotely. As long as you remember... lol :)One of the best games I've ever played. I hope we see more of Senua in the future. Or at least games very much alike it.This psychological angle is profoundly well done and so extremely unique. Truly giving us insight into what it actually feels like to hear voices. So many... telling you so many things. making you doubt yourself, making you afraid. Basically every single subconcious emotion with a voice, running rampant.Its as beautiful as its chaotic. Ninja Theory have done a real service to the school of psychology by execution this premise with such elegance and grace.Work of art. Well worth your time playing.Its not just entertainment. This is an experience in the world of psychology, mixed with a fantastic story of love and overcomming our worst fears. Mixed with super cool viking lore :)"
,Recommended,414340,34727586,Posted: 3 September,all,grant,"The experience waiting for you in Hellblade is the reason I started playing video games so long ago. I'm older now and hardly have the time pick up a game. When I do, I find myself questioning my motives or bored 40 minutes in. I've been skipping cut-scenes for about 5 years now because it's just hard to care about the story in games today.Hellblade turned these habits on their head. I can't remember the last time I sat down and played a game from start to finish without breaks. I can't remember the last time I went to bed thinking about a game and woke up with it on my mind again. I watched every cut-scene in this game, took in every bit of lore available, then I watched the dev diary and took in all of the available extra information about its creation after I was finished.This is that one in a million genre defining game. It's more than a game, it's an experience that you just will not find anywhere else in today's industry. The story of Senua, bravely told by Ninja Theory, and brought to life with motion capture acting by Melina Juergens. As I understand, Melina had little to no experience before the project started, and the end result is quite possibly the most captivating character I have ever experienced in a video game. Melina has immortalized Senua to me, placing this experience in my top 10 all time for video games. Together with Ninja Theory, they bring story-telling back to life. At least for me, I found myself caring about the character and the story. That's rare for me.Step away from today's micro-transacted laden, cookie cutter open world copy-paste games that hold gaming hostage. You owe it to yourself to hear Senua's story."
,Recommended,414340,34162011,Posted: 10 August,all,oppaicorps,very niceu
,Recommended,414340,34107849,Posted: 8 August,all,trummel,♥♥♥♥ing great game. I advise not watching any reviews at all about the game and just jumping in. It won't disappoint.
76561198376537445,Recommended,414340,34108113,Posted: 8 August,all,Chicken King,"good game, beautiful graphics.but i hope, the dev added skill and items and more longer story line...over all 90/100"
76561197995492882,Recommended,414340,34342520,Posted: 18 August,all,Jup Kozlowski,"Allright,I looooovvvveeee this titel sooooo much!Jesus, I mean this game is looking sooo beautiful on the UE 4. And the story, I love it.My F12 Key is borken, because I took too many shots.  :-)Dear Ninja Theory ,woud you please make the next Castlevania, in this way?"
76561197972479800,Recommended,414340,34222470,Posted: 13 August,all,Starchaser,An absolute materpiece !!!!
76561198016884143,Recommended,414340,34355176,Posted: 19 August,all,Temp950,"Summary: More of a art project than a game, this game is a mixed bag of beautiful and fustrating. If you are willing to put up with endless ""puzzles"" that amount to little more than finding patterns, and a bare bones combat system as derivative and uninspired is ok with you, you will get a ""game"" which has beautiful visuals, excellent voice acting, a decent story that is sort of interesting, and a main character who is part damsel in distress and part psychopath and easy to feel sorry for. If you expect a third person hack and slash game, this is not it.  It is worth the price however, and while I do not llike the game, I can see why others might find this game to be excellent. It certainly is something unique today, unlike any other game I have ever played with regard to its main character and the game's intention towards the player. it does not want you to enjoy this game so much as it wants you to experience its character's struggle. And it does an excellent job of doing that. I would still reccomend this game with a Caveat: DO NOT GET THIS GAME EXPECTING A FUN HACK AND SLASH---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I can't understand how reviewers are just falling over themselves to praise this game...If you take away the mental psychosis part and the beautiful visuals, the core gameplay is awful. I bought this game and I have not been able to play past 30 minutes at a time without being bored and quitting. It is so damn repetitive that I just play the game hoping each time that whatever I am doing will end until I get to the combat part. And the combat was fun until the fifth time you fought the same exact enemies that spawn one after another and fade into mist only to spawn new clones of themselves. The only variety in the combat is that you gradually see a few more different enemies that will come in groups of three, with some of them being unblockable, others who will strike you even after being struck, two with shields, and a big one that rushes you. All of them are painfully easy to figure out and kill, and the only challenge in the game comes from the fact that Senua will die with two hits, one to put her on her knees and the next to kill her if you do not get up and doge in time.But the combat is the best part of the game play. The majority of the game involves running around finding patterns in the world from pieces of wood or shafts of light to form a ""rune"". Find three of these, and a door will open. But just when you think this♥♥♥♥♥♥is over, you walk into another closed off area with another three runes, with maybe some portals thrown in that change the environment when you go through. The challenge in this game involves finding just the right spot to stand on, and looking for the runes at just the right position, so it forms properly. This is not a challenge since you will find it eventually, and it takes no intellect or skill to do so. You also have a bunch of hints appearing on the screen as you get close. Most of them are pretty easy, but there are a few that are just aggravating, because even though you can see the rune in the environment, the game wants you to find something else that makes the same shape, and you do this over and over so it becomes something you dread, despite most this being most of the game.  If you want a game with interesting puzzles, there are tons of examples. Portal for instance had puzzles that used skill and gave you a feeling of accomplishment when you got it done. Some of the better puzzles in Arkham knight were pretty great too, as were some of the riddles. For a game that hinges on these puzzles, they sure chose the worst sort. I do understand why they wanted these runes in the environment though, as this habit is something people with OCD tend to do. Counting tiles when they walk, finding patterns in wood grain or upholstery, those are something they tend to do and sometimes ascribe significance to. But as a gameplay mechanic, it is just horrible.COmbat- 7/10Story so far- 8/10Puzzles- 3/10This game is a niche purchase. It is more story than gameplay, and I feel like the combat in it almost tricks you into thinking the game will be focused on that. The combat is little more than an afterthought that I think they put there so more people buy the game. There are a lot of great things about this game, but the amount of fustration i felt at having to repeat things over and over is what I can't shake when I think of this game. Even now, I want to play the game as I think about some of the spectacular locations and music and passable combat. But I also remember that I just finished a combat portion, and am likely going to be forced to repeat the ""puzzle"" part of the game, and that makes me want to do anything but play Hellblade."
,Recommended,414340,34381010,Posted: 20 August,all,Trippi,This game was so awesome 5/5
,Recommended,414340,34257231,Posted: 15 August,all,Litanah,This game is really deep and powerful in places. The combat is meaty and the story is very well told.All at a really fair price point!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgJp1uVSYWo
,Recommended,414340,34150352,Posted: 10 August,all,AlmAyum™~,Buy it ! 'nuff said !
,Recommended,414340,34159084,Posted: 10 August,all,Rogelio,"This game... Holy... It's incredible. Don't know what to say. Haven't beaten it yet, cause of work. But, every free time I get, I play it in the dark. I absolutely love it. And 30 bucks? Seriously, too generous. This is worth at least 60. 100% recommended."
76561198061276401,Recommended,414340,34150198,Posted: 10 August,all,QUill Qiggins,PHENOMENAL
76561198134555568,Recommended,414340,34158976,Posted: 10 August,all,Cheassy Arachnid,Just give Ninja Theory game of the year for this game.
,Recommended,414340,34115106,Posted: 8 August,all,Captain_Microwave,my kind of game
76561198326686220,Recommended,414340,34164361,Posted: 11 August,all,PeanutButter<3,"Hellblade is one of the best games ive ever played, the story is just great, so immersive, combat is basic but so saticfying, visually looks stunning, music is perfect. It is short but i still felt like i went through a hell of a ride. I love this game!I cannot explain my love for this game, it is so perfect. This game has truly touched me, beautiful masterpiece."
,Recommended,414340,34228042,Posted: 13 August,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Imagine Dear Esther took breaks every 10 minutes to let you fight viking hallucinations with a sword, and you're pretty close.It's a bizarre journey into the broken mind of a celt warrior who is searching for her lost lover.  While the game is heavily narrative driven, there is some decent gameplay here too. There are environmental puzzles which require you to find hidden patterns in the scenery to unlock the next area,  and intermittent combat arenas which pit you against handfuls of intimidating, but predictable foes.  The latter can be easily mastered by learning how to time your attacks and make use of your ""focus"" ablity   hint:  in combat, it slows time.Overall, I like it.   It's more style than substance, but it has just enough gameplay meat on its bones to prop up what would otherwise be just a pretty walking simulator.7/10"
76561198046405730,Recommended,414340,34150460,Posted: 10 August,all,skeet,what is going on
76561198039104459,Recommended,414340,34182020,Posted: 11 August,all,Killer Kitten,"Wow. Just wow. I just completed the game today and it has been forever since I've had a game that engrossed me this much. I'm one of the gamers who plays games for the story, so if you're not like that, this might not be the game for you.Keep in mind every single piece of this game is designed to drive the game. It's a linear game. You're not going to find collectables, multiple endings, side quests, or even a whole lot of achievements. The game developers wisely did not want to bog the game down with that, because those things would have distracted from what the game is trying to say.Combat is one of the biggest complaints of this game is the combat and how it plays more like a walking simulator then an action game. I don't think the idea was ever to make an action game as much as it was to build an experience around the player as to what it is like to deal with psychosis. And the voices do start to get annoying. I will say that.The game is designed to mess your head. I don't know if the permadeath feature is real or not. I guess we'll have to wait until someone wise hacks the game and examines the coding to know the true answer. You always fear it's true though and I suppose that's part of the experience. I don't know if they intended to put that in and just took it out or they were just messing with everyone.As far as the story goes, I don't know what to think. I don't know if you're suppose to think anything."
76561198022563651,Recommended,414340,34746276,Posted: 4 September,all,Wesuwius,"8/10Cons:- Voices are fun at start, but after an hour starts to be just annoying.- Rune puzzles (same as voices).- Camera. Sometimes when there are lot of enemies you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ because camera angle is so close.- Bit too short.- Too little combat.- Enemies spawning behind your back.Pros:- Graphics- Story- Voice acting- CombatQuite good hack n slash game with some puzzle solving (which gets really boring really fast). Combat is quite challenging and fun till you learn the enemy attack patterns and learn to counter them, but still quite damn fun game."
,Recommended,414340,34141847,Posted: 10 August,all,The Machine,"Don't play this game if you're mental in anyway, shape, or form!  ..and although it's not a horror game, it does give me chills!The fighting style of the protagonist is very well done, /hattip to the devs for making it so elegant and deadly at the same time!The perma death is a thing, but that adds to the adrenaline rush you get from the fights, especially the boss fights.this won't be a game for everyone, but I have to whole-heartily recommend this game to everyone to at least try it, well worth the price paid!"
76561198037705371,Recommended,414340,34131442,Posted: 9 August,all,joegunrain,A visually stunning depiction of mental illness. Very fun to play.
76561197962886806,Recommended,414340,34285626,Posted: 16 August,all,tenikay,Buy it
76561198018288605,Recommended,414340,34190550,Posted: 12 August,all,badblood.twn,Top game!!
76561198038472200,Recommended,414340,34540524,Posted: 27 August,all,mdurham88,pew pew comments
76561198079304181,Recommended,414340,34454486,Posted: 24 August,all,Blossom,"It's an experience, and well worth the price tag. Honestly, a must-play for everyone. The story is incredible, gameplay engaging and fun, and atmosphere disturbing and gripping."
76561198077305126,Recommended,414340,34499008,Posted: 26 August,all,aq2lx,great game
76561198006461403,Recommended,414340,34500423,Posted: 26 August,all,(o.O),I recommend this game.
76561198037641684,Recommended,414340,34248507,Posted: 14 August,all,kahakauai,"Woah... ok I don't write reviews much by this one deserves it...First an foremost when going into this game I think it's important to go in it thinking of it as a typical ""game"" where you jump in and start whacking things left and right. This game was developed as an overall mental and sensory experience. Like everyone else has said, Don't bother playing unless you have headphones. It will kill the immersion.But this game is gorgeously developed, a masterpiece of storytelling, and a visceral experience for the senses. Graphically probably the best thing on the market right now, you can't beat the look and feel of the game. Seamless transitions between cut scenes and gameplay, and some really fun combat when you get the hang of it. Combat overall is fun, but can be repetitive when you understand the mechanics, but honestly I feel like the combat is secondary to the story and overall experience of the game.Amazing design Ninja Theory - can't wait to see what you come up with next!"
76561198290257900,Recommended,414340,34248572,Posted: 14 August,all,ogirdor,Amazing game!!!!!!!!!!!! would recomend it 5/5
,Recommended,414340,34248610,Posted: 14 August,all,UBERM0RPH,"Calling Hellblade a game is not giving it enough credit. Developers like to throw around the term ""an experience"" nowadays , but this is one of the few games that I truly believe warrants it. It will have you second guessing everything you do, see, and hear. It truly puts you in Senua's shoes. You will feel her fear, sadness, doubt, anger and desperation during your journey through Hell. This is a must-own."
76561198064023325,Recommended,414340,34247846,Posted: 14 August,all,Insuke,"By far one of my favorite games ever, though biased by the norse theme. The use of her mental illness as a haunting game mechanic, all while bringing up awareness is brilliant.Looks 10/10Mechanics 9/10story 10/10"
76561198041375413,Recommended,414340,34248139,Posted: 14 August,all,Sandra Bullet,Amazing.. Just a beautiful game. Its storytelling will make you love and make you hate. It will surprise you and make you say wow. The music and the voices and effects are perfectly done  and give you chills. I've never wrote one review about any of the games I've played and I wanted to take 5 seconds to write how amazing this game is and how it made me feel.
,Recommended,414340,34247931,Posted: 14 August,all,Timbercake,I actually felt like I was going crazy.
,Recommended,414340,34247822,Posted: 14 August,all,neno brasil,10/10
,Recommended,414340,34101220,Posted: 8 August,all,brightgfc,"Let's play Hellblade Senua's Sacrifice a descend into hell. The game is focused on Senua's (Melina Juergens) point of view, as she embarks on a very personal journey through a hellish underworld made up of Senua's psychotic manifestations of her reality and mind. Part one is herehttps://youtu.be/jNz4tw_KF30►Subscribehttps://www.youtube.com/c/thePsychGamer►Follow My Twitter-https://twitter.com/thePsychGamer01►Facebook-https://www.facebook.com/thepsychgamer3614/►Instragramhttps://www.instagram.com/thepsychgamer/"
,Recommended,414340,34109099,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr_Buades,ASMR simulator 2017
,Recommended,414340,34113331,Posted: 8 August,all,Joe,WOWWhat a good thriller theatrical gameplay combat is aright-ish mostly the story and the character and the sound got me.
76561198050190032,Recommended,414340,34114630,Posted: 8 August,all,PepeHands,10/10 this game was an amazing experience.
76561198072026241,Recommended,414340,34106625,Posted: 8 August,all,Cyral Drive,Absolutely
76561198084540098,Recommended,414340,34097731,Posted: 8 August,all,Negative Mass,"Absolutely Love it!Its amazing what these people have done. This is an artistic game, in a sense that it focuses heavily on characters, story and feel. Its combat is repetitive yes, but its just not what this game is about. If you like story driven games, go for it! If you only enjoy shallow action, than this is probably not for you.I just love it!"
76561198078441877,Recommended,414340,34100288,Posted: 8 August,all,LadyLilith,Really good Story Game with a little bit of Combat.Immersive and quite distressing. Really good :)
,Recommended,414340,34123349,Posted: 9 August,all,Mav,A masterpiece in itself using innovative gameplay as a narrative tool.And the price is fair considering the relatively short time you need to finish it.
76561198042255447,Recommended,414340,34096633,Posted: 7 August,all,zac36011,"Great game! Has potentional to shift the dyanmic of gaming industry. The mental illness shown in this game is breathtaking and realistic. You won't regret buying this, it is an experience worth trying. Core i5 6500 GTX 1060 6GB and 16GB Ram, I was able to play it 1080p 60fps on high settings, very high was in mid 40-55fps but not too bad. Again, great game and please support Ninja Theory, all you have to do is buy this game and allow them to suceed for their next great game."
,Recommended,414340,34097225,Posted: 7 August,all,Mesmerized,"I can not recommend this game more.I don't have. Words for it.The imagery is graphic. The voices are harrowing. The combat is fluid and responsive.The boss fight I did get through before setting it down was brutal, and the combat is unforgiving. You truly feel like you're getting overwhelmed.It has to be experienced to be believed."
76561198108026778,Recommended,414340,34097021,Posted: 7 August,all,SymmetricBlocks,"I've been playing for almost 2 hours and my first impression of the game is that its absolutely amazing!! The combat, the movement, the view of utmost beauty..its basically  AA game with the the almost all the elements of a AAA.I definitely recommend it to anyone who enjoys falling deep into the story"
,Recommended,414340,34229135,Posted: 13 August,all,Nzxt_Extreme,Game left me voices in my head  and they are not  fading away ............ !!I want more ....................
76561198058623646,Recommended,414340,34229146,Posted: 13 August,all,Assassin0o,.
,Recommended,414340,34229169,Posted: 13 August,all,[AWST] McNutty,"This is a beautiful game. The atmosphere is superb, and the portrayal of mental ilness is astounding. It did get a bit repetitive with the 'find-the-pattern' game, which kinda felt like repeated and forced minigames to find sticks bent just the right way. I did not finish it, as the repetitive nature of the puzzles and the desire for a different game overtook the urge to keep it, I do recommend it. I will be re-purchasing this in the future."
76561198031006479,Recommended,414340,34228693,Posted: 13 August,all,Nine-S,"Epic, a masterpiece"
,Recommended,414340,34135008,Posted: 9 August,all,casserole,"This game is metally taxing. I can only play for 2 hours a day because I'm terrified of the permadeath system. You feel like you're fighting with her. I love and hate this game at the same time. I hate it because some parts are trial and error, and you can't put permadeath with trial and error it doesn't work out. I love this game because of Norse mythology and you feel extremely accoplished from defeating a boss. After 2 hours of playing this game and beating Surt I am shaking and my knees are weak. This is the first game to give me physical reactions to it. I'm gonna go lay down for a while..."
76561197967835312,Recommended,414340,34140188,Posted: 9 August,all,]v[0|\|3y $ho+,Hellblade is a poetic piece of timeless art and the ultimate middle finger to the videogame industry of our times.  Please let more games like this get made.
76561198005772688,Recommended,414340,34135919,Posted: 9 August,all,Beast of the East DC United,"I had no idea when I bought this, I would be getting one of my favorite games of all time. This is a game of legend for me, Silent Hill and Viking mythology mixed together, with stunning production values, mood. The suble thematic elements, incredible voice acting and incredibly fresh gameplay make this by far my favorite game of 2017."
,Recommended,414340,34160153,Posted: 10 August,all,Supplenipples McGee,This is the video game equivelant of sticking your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a fresh apple pie and thrusting violently.
,Recommended,414340,34206522,Posted: 12 August,all,Rogue,"If you've ever played and enjoyed a Ninja Theory game, you will enjoy this one.I hope I get many more opportunities like this one to support them as developers."
76561198135752597,Recommended,414340,34206445,Posted: 12 August,all,aGamblingGoose,Combat and story show tremendous attention to detail. This game at this price point tackling this taboo of a subject so well make this a game you absolutely can't miss.
,Recommended,414340,34206421,Posted: 12 August,all,TheriN,The most immersive game I've ever played.
76561198073776331,Recommended,414340,34206577,Posted: 12 August,all,pat182,"love the story, love the combat mechanicsdeserve every penny"
76561197973399307,Recommended,414340,34206601,Posted: 12 August,all,DeanofNerds,"The game is stunning, great story telling, different approach, and as messed up as it is the bilingual audio just pulls you further into the mindset of the character. Bravo Ninja Theory!!!"
,Recommended,414340,34204818,Posted: 12 August,all,Ruckus,"Ive only scratched the surface of this game.Its not everyday that a game like this exists. The atmosphere itself, with its sounds and imagry, is stunning. I've only played an hour or so and It's giving me these chills down my spine. I keep looking over my shoulder expecting to see a ghostly norwegian woman speaking to me in tongues.Needless to say, all the lights in my apartment are on. 10/10****Headphones are highly recommended!******"
,Recommended,414340,34204857,Posted: 12 August,all,Cobyn,this game is Amazinglooksstoryqualityits got it all
76561198036002183,Recommended,414340,34204810,Posted: 12 August,all,Regal Beagle,"This was a a truly astounding game. The entire atmosphere, from the sound to the lighting, was amazing. I was engaged with the story from the start. The actors did an absolutely superb job and the high-quality motion capture on Senua immerses you in even the slightest changes in facial expression and body language.The sound in this game was on a level I haven't experienced in many other titles - just completely fantastic. The graphics were gorgeous and performance was excellent. I'm running an I5-3570k 4.2ghz w/ 980ti at 1440p, and FPS ranged between 45-70 with all settings at the highest. No microstutter or quick drops.The puzzles could have been more enjoyable had they been a bit more complicated, but the simplicity didn't really take away from much. However, there are times where the game stacks multiple puzzles back-to-back without any story or combat break, and the repeitiveness is palpable.  The puzzles weren't terrible, really, but it certainly wasn't my favorite part of the game.The combat, however, wasn't nearly as ""simplistic"" as others have made it out to be. I found it to be very fast-paced and satisfying, especially later in the game. You can't simply smash buttons, and positioning is important, particularly against multiple enemies at once. It's imperative that the combat difficulty be set to hard - it made it so much more enjoyable.Story: 10/10Immersion: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 10/10Sound: 10/10Put on some headphones, turn off the lights, crank up the combat difficulty and enjoy this incredible work of art."
76561198043891937,Recommended,414340,34192749,Posted: 12 August,all,fkalinow,"Love this game. I look for unique things in a game and this has it. Great story, great graphics, and acting. So sick of the call of duty clones ,so for me this game hits the mark on all levels."
,Recommended,414340,34109831,Posted: 8 August,all,SehNonsens,Such a beautyful game. *.*Pretty nice graphics and gameplay. Best story i've played since a long time!The money is totally worth it :)
76561198065906138,Recommended,414340,34109880,Posted: 8 August,all,cdann58,Good game but beware of the low fps drops. I have an i5 6600k + an RX 480 (8gb version). Towards the end I was only getting 15-30 fps for a majority of the areas. I looked into it and others have experienced the same problem.
,Recommended,414340,34109891,Posted: 8 August,all,SquealyDan,"A dark, unrelenting exploration of dark ages mental health. It isn't the longest game, but nor does it need to be. It left me feeling rather drained by the end. It's well worth it. Buy it now."
76561198088923573,Recommended,414340,34218249,Posted: 13 August,all,SAVAGE-BANANA,I can't stop thinking there is someone behind me. Great game!
76561198384184654,Recommended,414340,34226546,Posted: 13 August,all,bigbootybitch,Absolutely stunning. Great Gameplay. My only complaint is that it wasnt longer.
76561198119509088,Recommended,414340,34192864,Posted: 12 August,all,Buzz Buckfast,"This game, whilst it has some flaws, was absolutely brilliant. A very interesting and engaging story was told and the game made me feel attached to a character that I knew very little about. Puzzles were sometimes a little challenging and not obvious at all, resulting in me spending sometimes 5-10 minutes in the same areas. The combat was awesome, but would have gotten very repetitive if the game threw too many encounters at you. However for both puzzles and combat, a perfect balance was achieved.Reviews by those critising the games ""Perm Death"" feature are simply stupid. I played with the combat on the hardest difficulty and died numerous times, yet I managed to finish the game without my save being wiped. Pick this up, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,414340,34223392,Posted: 13 August,all,geotristan,"By far one of the best games i have ever played... absolutely amazing story, and graphics are top notch. Thankyou Ninja Blade for making this game a reality"
,Recommended,414340,34249725,Posted: 14 August,all,AmirosBambiros,"Phenomenal game. It would have been better if it was PC-exclusive, but it passes off as a good game anyway. A simple thing such as wanting to look around in the boat in the beginning? Nope, you're completely locked.Pros:Great storyGreat performance by the actorsSimple but enjoyable combatCons:Very console-like. You feel trapped with the camera and the FPS.Can't even jump, you're stuck on linear paths.Basically no replayability."
76561198014296177,Recommended,414340,34110863,Posted: 8 August,all,Skaut,This game is made by amazing aritsts who managed to create very powerful adventure in one of the most amazing worlds I have ever seen.This is a journey through pain and desire. You experience every moment of this adventure on the same level as the main protagonist. Every battle and every part of the story makes you feel like you getting closer and closer to understand Her's real life pururpose.Game is definitely recommended to people who loves epic story telling action adventure. There is no other game like this this is why it's really hard to compare it to anything else out there.
,Recommended,414340,34129010,Posted: 9 August,all,Yatchi,"Within the first 5 minutes i knew i loved this game, and that did not change all through to the end.I loved the atmosphere, soundtrack, the beautiful graphics, my only complaint is the repetitive combat, luckily there's not that much combat in the game.4,5/5 definitely worth picking up."
76561198033526231,Recommended,414340,34273582,Posted: 16 August,all,vr.vijay06,Awesome :)
76561198007237626,Recommended,414340,34268939,Posted: 15 August,all,Primus Baconator Secundus,Yeesh what a ride this was.
76561198022968725,Recommended,414340,34223716,Posted: 13 August,all,hangry hank,Best story driven game i have ever played.
76561198160130118,Recommended,414340,34223973,Posted: 13 August,all,Acaranite,story rich game amazing sound awsome combat 9/10 cant wait to see what other game ninja theory comes out with next.
76561198041527939,Recommended,414340,34224290,Posted: 13 August,all,dxpiranha18,"Game is awesome with 5 star production. Worth a playthrough and for the price, the game delivers probably exactly what the developers intended. It has a riveting story and is very dark, which is right up my ally. Highly recommend."
76561198128103861,Recommended,414340,34224499,Posted: 13 August,all,Topher2202,Graphics are amazing and gameplay was very good.  Combat was well done and fluid.  Good puzzles and great story with dialoge.
76561198063835032,Recommended,414340,34224508,Posted: 13 August,all,MaxWalkerGM,"Welcome Lady's and Gentlemen to the most ♥♥♥♥ed up game ever, but damn is it good. The game plays beautifully and the fighting mechanics aren't all about combos, it's about survival. No, not like Dark Souls survival, like kill or be killed. Each slash with your blade is satisfying and keeps you glued to the monitor. The story is far better than I've seen in any game in a while, including cult classics like Spec Ops: The Line (Never forget the white phospherus...) This game is truly legendary and a great way to see if you need to upgrade anything in your computer. It uses the Unreal Engine 4 remarkably and NVIDIA fans will be happy to know they reached out to Ninja Theory (Creation company) and boy did it turn out great. SPOILER/HISTORY LESSON AHEAD. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUY OR THIS GAME WILL MAKE NO ♥♥♥♥ING SENSE AT ALL:You're a Celtic woman based on Celtic mythology who rose from ""The Darkness"" to fight the Norse (Vikings) when they invaded. You're welcome. Otherwise this game makes 0 sense at all."
76561198308541597,Recommended,414340,34224745,Posted: 13 August,all,toomtragel,"My first review. Amaizing project and also great feeling to be part of it while playing it. Only downside is that the combat sequences can get a little bit too long and yes, repetetive in the end part of the game, so they feel like they just want to make the experience longer. But if you are immersed and understand what this game is trying to achieve, then it's a small thing to overcome."
76561198090061823,Recommended,414340,34224825,Posted: 13 August,all,Reyal,"I never written a review before. I just want to really recommend the game. The game will let expirence you a short story about mental illnesses and game features are build around the whole topic. Nothing in the game came from nowhere. If you do not understand the whole story of the game watch the documentary afterwards. It will answer most of you questions. The only critizism I have is the difficulty of the game. I would like to recommend the game also to non gamers but it will very frustrating for them because of the long and hard fights, even on easy mode. I really ""enjoyed"" (cant really say enjoyed because sometimes it was a little bit to scary for me ^^) the game. So ...9/10 Celtics with a mental Illness ;D"
76561198043087723,Recommended,414340,34224955,Posted: 13 August,all,Cat,"Simply mindblowing, perfect writing and, a frightening potrayal of full blown psychosis."
,Recommended,414340,34225002,Posted: 13 August,all,Dawngreeter,"I am lost for words trying to explain just how incredibly awesome this game is. It is one of the greatest ""Game as Art"" examples, while still being very engaging in its arcade aspects. The atmosphere is incredible, the storytelling is superb and the design is strong.If there something bad to say about the game is that, yes, it is definitely on the cheaper side. You can see it from the corner of your eye, maybe when you look down and don't see footprints on exquisitely crafted landscape or when you realise that you just spent 20 minutes marvelling a level where you really did nothing but walk around. But, oh how they dresses it up skillfully! I might even admire it all the more because I can tell that beneath this rich experience is a relatively simple game. It just might have the best use of real actor video in a game that I have ever seen. The voices that follow you at all times are not only superb atmospheric elements, they actually add to arcade game mechanics.And speaking of arcade mechanics - what joy it is to wade through wonderfully opaque mechanics, having no real clue how it all comes together exactly. Voices tell you useful things occasionally, and you learn how to use one thing or another. Yes, voices that keep talking to you, also teach you crucial mechanics in a completely seamless manner that leaves immersion fully intact. If there's a gaming triumph in 2017, this is it - you are fully immersed in playing a mentally ill Celtic woman.In fact, outside of hearing the voices, there is only one instance where game tells you something directly. ""If you fail too many times, black rot will reach your brain and all progression will be lost"". I fearfully play along as the black rot fully covers Senua's right hand and tendrils stretch halfway to her elbow. Is the warning real? No idea. I assume, like pretty much everything else in this game, it is more theatrics than game mechanics. But oh what wonder to fear doom so tangibly!Everyone needs to play this. Right away."
,Recommended,414340,34230920,Posted: 14 August,all,minimoose,"its a good game, really well done."
76561198007816989,Recommended,414340,34264627,Posted: 15 August,all,leaveittochancho,"Most people compare this game to Souls games, and I like the think that they are two sides of a similar coin. For me, Souls games are light on story and heavy on meachanics and RPG elements. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrfice is the opposite of that in that the combat is very light and the story is the main focus. By the end of the game, I felt I had truly experienced Senua's mentail illness alongside her. With that in mind, I think this is a very good game worth the $30 to show the developers and the larger community support for more small AAA projects like this.The decision to do the other characters as FMV instead of CGIis frustrating and a jarring experience, but other than that the game does a fantastic job of conveying emotion, enviornment, story, characters, and plot. The use of audio here is great and you should really be playing this game with headphones."
,Recommended,414340,34199229,Posted: 12 August,all,Immo,"A real breath of fresh air. Combat flows beautifly at times especially when the soundtrack kicks in during certain scenes. The game also really flys the flag for the ""games are an art"" argument. The game is short enough (completed casually in under 8 hours) but at 30 euro it's worth the investment."
,Recommended,414340,34403811,Posted: 21 August,all,Simes,vrygud
,Recommended,414340,34388059,Posted: 20 August,all,Azazel,"* Don't play with keyboard & mouse! Use a controller, trust me. *Great experience without a doubt. Fair warning: this is not for everyone, if you are searching for a Dark Souls/Horizon Zero Dawn type of game don't play this. This is a cinematic narrative game with no inventory system, no skill tree, no map, no waypoints.The puzzle solving is alright, the pattern matching at first was slow and broke inmersion in the first section of the game but got better mid game. The combat is satisfactory and I never got tired of it, you don't spend too much time fighting anyway.The story is complex and requires to be perceptive about how psychosis affects Senua, believe it or not there is a true story behind it all. I liked how the game presents this psychosis struggle and incorporates it with serveral game mechanicsAll in all I do recommend this game"
,Recommended,414340,34424625,Posted: 22 August,all,deltap,really good
,Recommended,414340,34391305,Posted: 21 August,all,Silver King,Wonderfully designed gameplay and an amazing storyline. The game gives a unique Vibe which feels amazing.
76561198047592770,Recommended,414340,34410109,Posted: 22 August,all,nihil,"Ninja Theory combined the best aspects of atmosphere, storytelling and game design in Hellblade and offers one of the best gaming experience in 2017."
76561198049919694,Recommended,414340,34416190,Posted: 22 August,all,No Butts No Glory,"This is a story driven game with intermitten gameplay, mixing around combat and puzzles of scaling difficulty; neither of which is groundbreaking. Like I said, this is a story driven game, and by god, does the story drive.Honestly, a solid 9.5/10, just ♥♥♥♥in' amazing."
,Recommended,414340,34143931,Posted: 10 August,all,The Decider,Short but good read other reviews if you want more
76561198058569616,Recommended,414340,34147639,Posted: 10 August,all,UNKN0WN,Dont expect fast paste gameplay and action. This is a story driven puzzle game with great Voice overs and visuals. Its more of a cinematic experience then most games.
,Recommended,414340,34148099,Posted: 10 August,all,McNasty Filth,"Athmospheric, intense and a beautiful game. The combat is a bit lacking but does what it's supposed to."
76561198040611328,Recommended,414340,34147194,Posted: 10 August,all,>-NightBringer-<,"I can safely say ive never played something like this before. Been a long time since ive been so engaged in a story driven game. For all the people out there looking into buying this go for it, such a beatiful and well written game. There was so much potential with this game and they nailed it, especially with the norse mythology/celtic mythology and the character herself. Trying to find a way to forgive herself for her lovers death, goes on a journey into norse hell to reunite with him (Struggling with her mental illness due to the loss). It may not be for everyone because it mainly focuses on the story and can drag out at times with slow segments but other elements are still there and you get a bit of everything. Well worth the £24.99, go out and buy it."
76561198152463264,Recommended,414340,34147402,Posted: 10 August,all,lexiconwaffle,I don't normally review. This game was worth it. Don't find out too much about the story beforehand. Headphones are a must.
,Recommended,414340,34145759,Posted: 10 August,all,Poosiebeard,"The Whispering started to get annoying as ♥♥♥♥ after the first hour. Besides that, pretty good game."
,Recommended,414340,34164125,Posted: 11 August,all,Troxlers_Fading,one of the best games ive played in a long time
,Recommended,414340,34107591,Posted: 8 August,all,Sinadum,Ninja Theory has surpassed my expectations with this game. The environment is surreal. It is optimized af. From now on looking forward to more indie AAA games from other studios as well. Ninja theory has set precedence for indie AAA single player games.
,Recommended,414340,34107672,Posted: 8 August,all,dylanvelez.games,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice shows what a small team of people can do with enough creativity freedom and enough love. The best part about the game is it's atmosphere. You actually feel surrounded by people when senua starts hearing voices and they are really well made. The music for certain moments in the game is just simply perfect fitting and the environment is perfectly crafted.Melina's acting is really well made and it will get you into the story and truly empathize with the character.Combat sequences play out great even though if there are not that many and the background music while fighting is one of the best things.The voices are one of the greatest addition too.For me, everything so far in the game fits perfectly with what the studio was trying to do, however there are some things you should consider:- It's a story driven game, so the combat sequences are not many (right amount of combat) and they're generally short, but being Ninja Theory, the combat is really great.- There's a lot of walking through linear levels while solving small puzzles and listenning to the story being unwrapped."
,Recommended,414340,34261851,Posted: 15 August,all,BloodySword,I LOVE IT SO MUCH!!
76561198002483222,Recommended,414340,34565362,Posted: 28 August,all,Faust,"I can only play this game in short bursts, but... I think this might be the greatest game I've ever played."
76561198091616386,Recommended,414340,34613949,Posted: 30 August,all,M!LK,2Spooky4Me
76561198061877760,Recommended,414340,34353303,Posted: 19 August,all,truetrav81,Need more game developers like these folks - and should be more than $30 please raise your price - i'd pay $100 for this art
76561198017867461,Recommended,414340,34354397,Posted: 19 August,all,Le désanusseur de Gallargues,amazing game !
,Recommended,414340,34354403,Posted: 19 August,all,Dimitchy,awesome game 10 out of 10 best story and action
76561198003336774,Recommended,414340,34129635,Posted: 9 August,all,naragoth-BPR,"Just finished the game, I must say I enjoyed this game very much. Combat was awesome, my only gripes were I couldn't figure out how to manually swap targets and ( I used keyboard controls) controller controls may be better.  The game is very solid, plays well, and the entire style was very good. The story was excellent!All and all I rate it very highly and am glad of my purchase."
,Recommended,414340,34354387,Posted: 19 August,all,DarkAtom,"Excellent game, great setting, and unique storytelling.it contains its fair share of disturbing imagery/concepts, getting close to horror in places. But it is very effective in delivering the aspects mentioned above.by default, combat difficulty is set to 'auto', which can screw you over if you breeze through the first couple of engagements, I reccomend setting it to a set difficulty.be sure to watch the feature video that can be played from the main menu when you finished the game (it contains spoilers, so don't do it before then)"
,Recommended,414340,34366350,Posted: 19 August,all,Chalji,"Highly recommended. Gripping story, atmospheric as few other games can get, and it immerses you in this character in a way you won't forget."
,Recommended,414340,34366228,Posted: 19 August,all,tyyaman,Many thanks for Turkish language support.
76561198021244149,Recommended,414340,34162280,Posted: 10 August,all,Pangalactic,"TLDR: A true masterpiece and a phenomenal experience (but not really a game)--------------------------------------------I absolutely loved it.The graphics are probably the best I have ever seen in my life.The audio quality is unbelievable (and trust me, you DO WANT to have your headphones on)The voice acting is on divine levels.The world is mesmerising in every moment.The story is an unforgetable experience.And, finally, you get to truly experience what a mental illness is.This is what makes Hellblade absolutely outstanding: at its core it is an experience, and not so much a game - let me explain to you what I mean:Hellblade It's a story of Senua searching for her loved one in the dark land of Hel and her struggles with her mind - and you get to experience every second of it, as the immersion levels are insane.The voices that she hears in her head - you hear them as well all the time, sometimes cheering you up, sometimes infuriating you - just as the main character.There is absoultely no handholding: there is no HUD, no map, no quests, no health bars, no stats, no tutorials, and you get to experience this dark and unkown world as it is - just as the main character. You wander around and figue things out and try to piece what is going on just as she would.In that sense, Hellblade is similar to Dark Souls - but Dark Souls is a game at its core with game mechanics: fight monsters- gather loot - get stronger - fight bosses. Hellblade also has game mechanics such as combat and puzzle solving and a few others I wont spoil, but they are secondary to the story and the experience. In other words, the mechanics are adjusted to fit the story, and not the story to fit the mechanics.So if you are looking for a mechanics-focused game, you will be disappointed, and I suggest you look elsewhere - they are good, no doubt, but they are nothing to write home about and they are really not the core of the game.But if you are looking for an experience like no other - go for it, and you won't regret it."
76561198026290494,Recommended,414340,34319321,Posted: 17 August,all,danmak27/Athebes1,"Very good game.Best facial graphics ever. Amazing!I was actually amazed that I could play this game on medium settings with vsyncwith an extreemly mediocre graphics card that doesn't even hit the lowestrequirements, GTX 760 1.5 GB 192 bits. Totally outdated. I was still able to play withFPS between 40 and a few places 60. Nice."
76561198393179185,Recommended,414340,34329098,Posted: 18 August,all,smallikous,10/10
76561198347143997,Recommended,414340,34338524,Posted: 18 August,all,Guiltyduck69,i like dat♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198017623159,Recommended,414340,34348977,Posted: 19 August,all,Creed,Its just worth it.
76561198023421746,Recommended,414340,34161588,Posted: 10 August,all,RaptorJesus,"I played so many games that are just a copy of another game without own ideas and they get boring... really fast. THIS game is NOTHING like that. It has a new and really creative idea of challenge. When you die too much your saves are lost and you have to begin from new. It's even explained why Senua can respawn. The voice acting from some background voices have little problems with quality(the mike can't take the loud voices and begins to crack, but there are so many other voices and noises that you wouldn't hear it if you don't concentrate on it). If you like story games that have a mystical storyline and you're interested in the ancient vikings and their gods you will love this game. I can only recommend this game. Oh and the fighting system is really good. It's really hard because you will get hit even if you're attacking. Some huge developers could learn from this game.... yeah i'm speaking with you darksouls 3 and For Honour. Well i only can say that you should play it for yourself and see what i mean."
,Recommended,414340,34162441,Posted: 10 August,all,� Reas0n �,Ive only left 6-7 responses in total on steam. I only leave them for games i believe absolutley deserve them... This is one of those master pieces. Everything about this game was perfect to me. The story telling was perfectly paced. The combat felt smooth but some people said it was too easy. The sound and music WAS FLAWLESS. Everytime you were in a new area the music fit it so well... Especially the ending. All throughout this game i felt takenaback. Honestly a 10/10 for me
76561198271868057,Recommended,414340,34395538,Posted: 21 August,all,Hentai Is in this Season,Its a good game but i get tired of booting it up and playing
76561198025065717,Recommended,414340,34498959,Posted: 26 August,all,Moses,"Very good game so far, best played with headphone so you can enjoy the creepy voices to the fullest"
,Recommended,414340,34544889,Posted: 27 August,all,Mystery,"So I actually decided to come back and write this again. Just because the game is so good. I won't rate this game out of 10, but I will say just buy this game and get playing. Make sure you wear a headset while playing, because it just makes the experience even better.So I followed this game through its development over the years, which by the way, is such a fantastic thing to see from a developer. See the game go from concept art to this amazing work of art we have here today.Seriously this game is more than a game, it's something special. I've never had a gaming experience like this. I've played The Last of Us, Uncharted 4 and yeah they made me cry, but Hellblade... I don't even know the emotions I felt while playing this. For sure it can scare the life out of you, have you on the edge of your seat, make your heart race during intense combat, and make you feel weak and powerless against what seems to be an unbeatable evil. But more importantly, Hellblade really made me feel like a warrior, strong and victorious. The game mixed this all up in just the right amount to really make it special and worth many playthroughs.I can't stress this enough. Amazing game, buy it. Just buy it. Buy it. Buy. It."
76561198073731010,Recommended,414340,34470100,Posted: 24 August,all,ADDgaming01,"Beautiful story, graphics, and illusions. Fantastic game, 10/10 would recommend."
76561198071849201,Recommended,414340,34206117,Posted: 12 August,all,Milamber The Great One,It keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire playthrough. The only negative is that it feels too short.
,Not Recommended,414340,34098524,Posted: 8 August,all,Dangerous_Altoid,The graphics are great at some points but the game seems to be 90% cut scenes and only 10% actual playing. Most of that is just running around with not a lot of action. Just got boring very quickly.
,Recommended,414340,34189379,Posted: 12 August,all,Kcabhsud,"Reallly gloomy/dark depressing game.Love it.Not for everyone, because you have to like nordic mythology, darkness and voice in your heads or better in your headphones.Oh and i would say if you like the series ""Vikings"" you like Hellblade."
76561197983845460,Recommended,414340,34542950,Posted: 27 August,all,0uts1der-,Fantastic
76561198067107623,Recommended,414340,34543231,Posted: 27 August,all,AshTheWolfy,"Great graphics and sound. great game play. but at this moment the lag in the game and ""fatal errors"" and crashes make the game hard to play I returned mine untill these issues are fixed. hopefully they will have a fix soon."
76561198050618010,Recommended,414340,34544774,Posted: 27 August,all,Hunt3r@rAge,LOVE this game!!The Sound on this game is 20/10.
,Recommended,414340,34543716,Posted: 27 August,all,Shinigami Spesh,10/10 would play again. (if only to try to understand wtf that ending was)
,Recommended,414340,34545109,Posted: 27 August,all,.[ERUS]. Pedro | nH,"Simply outstanding.Senua's Sacrifice portrays mental illness in a disturbing, exhilarating, and (by all appearances) authentic way.  The use of binaural audio in the game is ingenious, and is integral to delivering such an impressive depiction of psychosis.  The game features stunning visuals, impactful audio, and spot-on motion capture of the main character.  All of these things come together to create a truly memorable experience.This is absolutely worth your time and money.  I can't wait to see what Ninja Theory does next."
,Recommended,414340,34542704,Posted: 27 August,all,NFKey,"I had no single doubt that a game from Ninja Theory would again be a masterpiece. I love it and the amount of work they put into it. And to all the people who are saying that combat is simple as a table - yes it is, but it's extremely satisfying.This is a truly immersive piece of art. <З Totally worth to pay the money and support this awesome company!"
76561197993681911,Recommended,414340,34543223,Posted: 27 August,all,Antsinthepants,"Very stunning. This videogame is art, no book or movie can make you experience psychosis like this. Headphones recommended! Optional Joypad, made the fights a bit easier for me."
,Recommended,414340,34544943,Posted: 27 August,all,Cargon,"I followed development of Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice for nearly two years, and must say I am very pleased with the end result.The visual and audial style is breathtaking, and forcefully pulls you into Senua's world to great effect. The game is gorgeous and ran at a solid 80fps at 3440x1440 on my GTX 1080ti. There are a few visual bugs at ultrawide resolutions, mostly just on-screen peripheral texture/object pop-ins/outs, but nothing egregious.Ninja Theory did an amazing job of blending the interactive game with the story interludes--they do a great job of minimizing the jarring, immersion-breaking sense you get in other games when play-time-ends-now-watch-this-cutscene-type events occur. The transitions in Hellblade are nearly seamless and I'd say they add to the experience.Speaking of the experience: the story is amazing. I can't say this enough. I won't critique it further, you'll just have to play the game. The voice acting is top notch, genuine, and it all comes together beautifully with a wonderfully imagined game world.The combat is a bit one-dimensional on the surface, and many players will get through the game hacking and slashing. But there is enough nuance in the combat system for a player to really leverage the attack types/combos to absolutely wreck enemies and make the game interesting. It's just too bad this isn't really required and that you _could_ simply spam the light attack all through the game (including boss fights) and make it through. I found after a while I was making the combat more interesting myself by exploring different moves--which I had to do via the Key Bindings menu as there isn't any guidance in-game.Overall, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent game, though I wish it were longer (I finished the game in 7 hours--including finding all lore stones). I was happy to support such a well crafted game at the full $29.99 at the time of release. I have put more time into cheaper games before and have come away soured... not this time!"
76561198068824294,Recommended,414340,34638179,Posted: 31 August,all,Haze 27,Excellent so far
,Not Recommended,414340,34760451,Posted: 5 September,all,Valentino,"If you're like me, who expect a rich gameplay from a game, then this is not a game for you. Hellblade is a glorified walking simulator. There are only 2 gameplay mechanics: puzzle of aligning things, and combat. And you do it over and over and over again. It's overly repetitive, so it's boring.The combat is great though. It's simple and complex at the same time. But between combat, you have to do the very same puzzle over and over again. And why does the puzzle tiring? Because it's basically a Riddler Puzzle (the one aligning question mark) from Arkham series, only much more obvious.It's a shame, because the animation is great, voice is great, it feels like AAA game. But when they only offer 2 kind of gameplays, well it's not so great anymore. I should've known this when the developer oversold their mental illness features. When a feature is great, you don't have to explain it repeatedly, like the voice is everywhere, you should play with your headphones, she's schizophrenic, etc. We know surround sound exist. Counter Strike did it more than 10 years ago. And while it's great to see a variation of counter/avoid/flanked warning as voices, it's actually the same thing as visual cues in the other games.Story is meh, it's supposed to be empathetic for people with feelings. Unfortunately I'm not a fan of a story that is narated to my face. The game tells you how you should feel, how you should pitty Senua, how you should be saddened, how you should be proud of her, and so on. I like how GRRM tells ASOIAF/GoT where the story doesn't tell us any of those, but we naturally understand and have our own conclusion of how we should think and feel about a character or the scene.For all of those uninsteresting points, sadly i don't recommend this game at full price. Discount? Maybe. I bought walking simulator and i enjoyed playing some of them, but not this expensive."
76561198025587792,Recommended,414340,34110068,Posted: 8 August,all,abbev,"After a little more than an hour I refunded this because I realized that this isnt for me. It is quite slow (atleast AFAIK) and the combat is very simple. I loved the style and atmosphere of the game, the voices in the background judging and helping with the genius sound engine that puts the voices behind you (when wearing headphones, which is highly reccomended) almost made me stick around.I wouldn't even have bought this game based on the reviews but decided to give it a try and then just refund if I didn't like it. I recommend you do this aswell if you're unsure since you get all the money back guaranteed if you have less than 2 hours play time."
,Recommended,414340,34138816,Posted: 9 August,all,Hell key,"This game is alright, felt like my money was justified, i had an experience.. an awesome, creepy, terrifying experience.Story in this game is great, felt immersed through out.i'm not the best at puzzle but this game cut me some slack and helped me quite a bit with the ingame mechanic of having voices telling you every little thing that you did wrong.The voice acting was great in the game, for some having 3-4 people talking to you through out the game in 3D stereo is maybe a little annoying, but the voice actors did a great job of making you tense in situations and did their best of not being over the top and actually making you feel like your going insane.SPOILER ZONE!!! WARNING!! SPOILER ZONE!!!Honestly did not have a problem with the game other than the ending. Lets talk about how the last 3-4 fights where just a grind fest. I mean, sure, the combat is fun and cinematic when your parrying and at the top of your game, was super fun for me at least. Then they decide to just drag out the fights for sooooooooo long and it kinda just loses its magic near the ending.AND THE ENDING WAS JUST.... ok at best.I was wishing too badly for an ending showing everything she had gone through... i mean, showing her literally fight NOTHING in the middle of NOWHERE, that would have been so entertaining see.Ok listen.. i get this game is about psychosis, mental illness and whatever, Ninja theory did a lot of research and talked to people who had actual mental problem, giving them the, ""yep this is super realistic"", but personally would have wanted a little more, explanation ending. Ending is super lackluster on her just ""defeating"" her demons, sure i'll take it, but i wanted more.A little vent section for myself -NON OF THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING REAL, IT'S ALL IN HER MIND, WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DON'T I GET TO SEE HER MAKE BELIEVE JOURNEY THROUGH THE WHOLE GAME IN JUST A MINUTE OR TWO CUTSCENE, WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ NINJA THEORY YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S, ♥♥♥♥ THAT ENDING!!!Good game, pick it up!"
76561198032265281,Recommended,414340,34928155,Posted: 13 September,all,Sombrero van,Awesome
,Recommended,414340,34941672,Posted: 13 September,all,Stepan Hakobyan,"It's just good, so goooood."
76561198158053862,Recommended,414340,34183484,Posted: 11 August,all,VALRAVN,"I've been a big fan of ninja theory after their DMC remake.But this game, oh Lord, it's something. The soundtrack, the voices in Senua's head (they are all so amazing) give me the chills in a good way. The combination of puzzle solving and combat is done pretty interestingly. Graphics are top notch that's for sure.And Senua herself is just so adorable. You pity her for all the suffering she had to go through during her flashbacks. You dont think of her as a freak who suffers from psychosis. Why? Because you are Senua. You are here to fight for the only person that truly loved you, the only person who knew you were not the source of darkness. You are ready to travel to Hell, descend into darkness and madness within you and defeat not only the guards of this wretched place but the monsters inside you.The setting is just breathtaking (my favorite part was by the big tree). I really love the weather that always changes depending on the presence of darkness. Also the whole story based on viking legends is just a masterpiece. You dont want to miss any lorestone on your journey. And the whole wisdom of the Senua's story that teaches you that there's no light without darkness. And all our life we fight even though we know that we will lose at the end (because there's only death waiting for us) but we have to keep fighting because there's so much beauty in every little moment of our short lives. The deaper Senua goes the darker the whole story gets. But we know we have to keep pushing forward because we have nothing to lose. She lost everything the moment Dillion was brutally sacrificed. But she knows there's a chance to save his soul in Helheim. And that's where she goes knowing she might have to pay the ultimate price.I thank you so much for this beautiful game Ninja Theory. There's no game as weird as scary and as dark and beautiful at the same time as Hellblade. I really hope you read these reviews. I just want to say that not many people people will understand the beauty of this game but you can be sure  - you made at least one person cry after completing this game.Thank you for letting us discover how strong true love can be. Because it's all about love isnt it?The power of love - a force from above... (or in this case from below?)11/10"
76561198018409379,Recommended,414340,34725901,Posted: 3 September,all,Lex_is_BIG,Awesome game
,Recommended,414340,34735553,Posted: 4 September,all,SuperGalaxyRider,"This game is a solid 9/10.It introduces new mechanics and puzzles all the way through. There was one point in the game where I found a puzzle to be poorly excecuted simply because solving part of it was an accident. But that's just me. That was literally only 1 part of the puzzle otherwise everything was stellar and seemed like it was created with lots of care.The Story is twisty and crazy and just outstanding. I like the Nordic Mythology that gets mixed into it as well as the Celtic stuff.I'll reccommend this game to anyone looking for a good gritty, touching, horror experience.*Note: Wear headphones while you play this game. It adds so much to the atmosphere.*"
76561198108751257,Recommended,414340,34718493,Posted: 3 September,all,davidlach,"This game should not be reviewed on the sophistication behind its combat mechanics, even if this aspect of the gameplay can be quite satisfying in itself, or how action packed it is but rather, on the potential it has to give players like me, who need to be emotionally involved in a game, in its universe, characters and story, a journey worth taking. On that front, this game deserves only praises.I wish more studios made it their mission and were able to achieve as materfully as Ninja Theory did a great balance between the high production value that made this game so beautiful and a piece of Art in itself and its daring, non-conventional approach to character development and storytelling.It had been a while until Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice came along that a game haunted me long after its end credits, and I can't wait to see where Ninja Theory will take us next."
,Recommended,414340,34750413,Posted: 4 September,all,sunderlan,You should play this game.
76561198000835463,Recommended,414340,34715023,Posted: 3 September,all,Superyeti,"One of the best games i've played this year.It's definitely a special experience : from the Norse settings to the portraying of psychosis, it tells a compelling story only held back by the puzzles pulling away from the experience. They get very repetitive, even though some of the mechanics used to solve them evolve as the game unfolds.The visuals, done with UE4 are amazing.The binaural audio does a whole lot for the game as well, making us hear the voices inside Senua's head as if we were her.The game can be finished in roughly 7 hours.All in all, I can only recommend this game for the special and amazing experience it is."
76561197978170885,Recommended,414340,34226551,Posted: 13 August,all,rgwilson3,"Got a 3440x1440 monitor and a 1080 ti card.  Been playing Card games.  This is the game that made my glad i bought some hardware.  Its amazing story and graphix.  I recomend if you just wanna show off/ have fun with, your high-end hardware/speakers with a pretty good story and some puzzles."
76561198024979304,Recommended,414340,34149096,Posted: 10 August,all,Boston,"Amazing experience. Play the game and when you've finished, watch the video that you can access from the main menu. This was something else."
76561198127379172,Recommended,414340,34149324,Posted: 10 August,all,Vaddimt,"This Game is brilliant !If you like artistic and very immersive games or if you liked Devil May Cry DMC for what it looked like, you're gonna love it !"
,Recommended,414340,34148850,Posted: 10 August,all,Joseph,"Just finished this one - Holy hella.Honestly, I don't want to say too much because you need to experience it as blind as possible. Basically you've signed up for an exploration into mental illness and viking mythology - seriously what more could you want?!Headphones are a must because the game has done something that's incredibly innovative - using surround sound to reflect the voices that an individual suffering from psychosis may experience. Having never suffered from psychosis myself, it was completely immersive and at times downright intense - the deeper voices are something else!In terms of managing expectations - this is an experience - you play it for the immersion and the story, not because you want challenging gameplay. After watching the trailer, I thought people would just get this - apparently not. Lot of walking, simple puzzles and some button mash/time-based counter combat. While at times it was a bit simple, and repetitive, I honestly think it was a conscious decision so as not to detract from the other elements of the game. That may not be some people's cup of tea but given the concept of the game I feel it just works. But again - please don't buy this for the gameplay. - watch the trailers. You buy this because you want an intense as ♥♥♥♥ immersive experience.TLDR: Highly recommended but watch the trailers, read the comments - this is an experience, not necessarily ""gameplay heavy"", you're playing it because you want to sit back and be absorbed by a story that I guarantee you've never encountered before, in a way you've never encountered before."
,Recommended,414340,34719300,Posted: 3 September,all,EndLess1UP,"Support stuff like this.  It will only help us in the end!  Fun game, looks super neat.  The battle/attack system was lame, but I get it.   Still would buy it again to support the cause!"
76561197982136089,Recommended,414340,34751747,Posted: 5 September,all,actionman,"Really different game, no running around looking for armour or power ups, its as much puzzle as fight.  YOu really need head phones to play, listening to your voices and environmental sounds is important.  Great game."
,Recommended,414340,34745637,Posted: 4 September,all,Terkader,Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is amazing. With it's visually stunning enviroments and a creepy atmosphere that keeps you on edge Hellblade is a game that needs to be experienced. It's gameplay mixes fairly simple puzzles with some pretty intense fights against giants and other Norse creatures.
76561198109914568,Recommended,414340,34749551,Posted: 4 September,all,Robos28,"I like how the game made you feel like you are going crazy. With the voices constatlly talking to you. it sometimes gets annoying but it helps wiht drawnimg me into the game. I liked the combat in this game. it's easy to get it. the puzzle parts was a bit anooying after a while of me bot finding what ineeded ( i suck at these p[arts of the games though, not the games fault).  anyways i highly would recommend this game to anyone."
76561197999823564,Recommended,414340,34714652,Posted: 3 September,all,An Individual,"Hellblade is an intense audio/visual experience. The graphics are fantastic, at least on a high end PC, but the real stand out is the sound design. I upgraded my PC headset a while ago and by chance got one that supports surround sound and I'm now glad I did. Throughout the game voices call to you from all sides. Encouraging you, mocking you, helping you, doubting you. They are as much characters as Senua her self. This is the game's most unique feature and it is executed brilliantly.The story telling is also a style I quite enjoy. Sketching the rough outline at the beginning and gradually filling in more and more detail as the game progresses. The game play isn't anything spectacular but it suits the experience. The combat is a little repetitive but has the right feeling to it. There are also a lot of puzzles to solve, most involving perspective tricks.I can't speak to the game's portrayal of mental illness. I can't even definitively say that I enjoyed the experience. But I can say I'm glad I experienced it. While not perfect this game is a work of art built with intentionality that makes good use of it's medium. It won't be everyone's jam, but if it sounds even vaguely interesting you owe it to yourself to give it a chance. Play it alone, in the dark, with either headphones or earbuds for the best experience."
76561198011646896,Recommended,414340,34718053,Posted: 3 September,all,Tinn-Man,It's lit fam.
76561197987552815,Recommended,414340,34726772,Posted: 3 September,all,wanweaver,"As someone who likes to enjoy the full exprience of a game this took me about 9 hours of comfortable playtime.   Maybe ""comfortable"" isn't the right word since there were some genuine freaky moments that made me stop my gaming for the night, but I will say those moments were entirely appropriate and certainly enriched the experience.Story was greatPuzzles were creativeCombat was deceptively easy at first but was satisfying towards the endMany new themes were explored hereThe evironment deserved sometimes simply stopping and appreciatingI don't write reviews, but this is one instance where I can appreciate the value I received out of the game.  It goes to show what can happen when a crack team of individuals come together and create something genuinely unique and beautiful.I hope to hell we see more from Ninja Theory and we see more games like this in the future."
,Recommended,414340,34727281,Posted: 3 September,all,MdaaaaO,"This game is just amazing, a mix of Call of Cthulhu, Amnesia and amazing fight dynamics."
76561198380939522,Recommended,414340,34730838,Posted: 4 September,all,clownishcrab69,such an awsome game. wish it went longer
76561198119370406,Recommended,414340,34732833,Posted: 4 September,all,JoeyNightwing,"The most atmospheric game I've played all year. The graphics are beautiful, the sound design is on point, and the music is perfect!"
76561197989920124,Recommended,414340,34736977,Posted: 4 September,all,Sardonis Lamir,"""The greatest battles are not with the sword, but in the mind.""I'm still quivering physically and emotionally after completing Hellblade in around ten hours. However, for only ten hours I feel I received more than I bargained for in my endeavor to beat Hellblade in one sitting on Hard combat difficulty.  Knowing that my game save could be deleted, I found a certain intensity built into every scene, every battle, and ever paralyzing psychological moment.I soon found my greatest foe was not mechanics, not a comboing enemy, but rather myself. Senua quickly became an extension of an alternate reality where her darkness, encroaching upon her soul, was more than a danger to her, but rather my own self as I found each danger an arresting visceral experience for fear of her end.Combat escalated as I progressed providing a scaling danger as each encountered occured. Yet, it was the least of my concerns as when my sword was drawn I found myself breathing a sigh of relief... I found myself curious at the reality that I found the most dangerous moments that occur in gaming, combat, to be a relief.Hellbalde Senua's Sacrfice hangs upon psychological effect and never lets go. The believed reality of what was before me was more dangerous to me than the physical realities that assaulted me with blades and axes. Phantoms, blurry foes in the darkness, encroaching anomolous fire chasing me through cramped mazey corediores pressed me into a corner of terror and  confusion in ways that threatened to see me halted with fearful paralysis; because failure meant the darkness grew... It meant Senua died.Early on the combat is involving but not thrilling. It was the last hours of of my journey that sent the most ellation through me. The moments where the combat felt dangerous. I screamed at my monitor in elation when the darkness failed to kill me in the first attempt...because he so terrified me until I had a physical manifestation to confront.  And when the TRIO of my former foes assaulted me, and I won, there was no response appropriate but to send forth a resounding,""♥♥♥♥ YOU"" as I crushed their attempts to thwart me, Senua from her quest.The combat for a seasoned gamer was not the most dangerous, at least for me, yet all the boss battles harbor a certain intensity. It was not a Dark Souls level as I did not die to a single boss on hard combat, but still I found myself screaming,""NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"" when the horde assaulted me and finally bested me. I did not respond so physically for the defeat of my ego, but something so much deeper. I found myself scared for Senua for her arm was consumed by darkness. That chaos, ruin, and destruction I visited upon her foes was abruptily punctuated by extreme fear that this death, this one failure, would...I was afraid she would die before completing her quest. I had been afraid FOR her. Not for my save game, not for the hours played, but HER.i WANT more of Hellblade. It was perfect in length, but also too short because I want more..."
76561198315184086,Recommended,414340,34740148,Posted: 4 September,all,xt64,It has set the precedent for what might be one of the next frontiers in videogames.
76561197995416801,Recommended,414340,34743967,Posted: 4 September,all,podzorama,"In the stunning opening sequence of Hellblade:Senuas Sacrifice, we follow Senua, a Celtic warrior during the Viking invasions of Orkney, as she paddles through the mist and on through an increasingly hellish desolate windwept and macabre landscape.  At the point when the cinematics end and the player takes control, Senua pushes away her log boat, turns, stares straight into our souls, her wild beautiful expressive eyes accentuated by woad.  She stands at the mouth of hell, the begining of her epic physical and emotional journey, we hear...""There is no turning back...join us, maybe you are part of this journey too"". Right there is the game in a nutshell. You have been fair warned.It raised the hairs on the back of my neck and gave me goose bumps.  I knew straight away that I was going to love this game.Hellblade:Senuas Sacrifice is one of those rarest of games that manage to straddle a number of different genres and at the same time be a unique experience. On the one hand it is a story based walking simulator, not unlike Dear Esther, and as such it is best to take your time with it. The game dictates a very deliberate slow pace, so roll with it, let it take you on a journey otherwise it will just be frustrating. There is also some gentle puzzling which, although not overly taxing, manages to very cleverly pull together the Physical and Mystical medieval world. Then there is the swordplay side of the game. Although I have read many negative feedback of how one dimensional this is: there is no skill progression or weapons upgrades, and the enemy are pretty straight forward, there is a real sense of wielding a heavy sword, of landing and taking hits, and responding to the visual and audible prompts for blocking and evading, and along with the well coreographed motion capture, I found the fighting really satisfying.Overriding all this this is the artistic vision.  Much of the imagery is dark, populated by shadowy figures, of fire death and decay, but punctuated with moments of rare beauty. Despite the presence of other voices and Spirits, Senua is very much alone in this world. The in game graphics are great, especially the motion capture of Senua which conveys so much emotion, but the stand out star is the soundscape and music.Dealing as it does with mental health, this is not a frivolous game, there are no one liners or any comic relief. The game is slow paced, but it is a superbly realised work of art that is deeply affecting and powerful.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,414340,34745299,Posted: 4 September,all,pwnz0r3d,"This game is not for everyone. It's short and the gameplay is very basic. However the strength in this title lies in its presentation. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is dark and gritty, but beautiful to behold. It's also a haunting and disturbing tale of a mind gone astray. One of the more unique titles released in 2017."
76561198117597008,Recommended,414340,34746667,Posted: 4 September,all,johng996,Best Game I've Played in a long time... 10 out of 10 would buy the sequel!!!!!
,Recommended,414340,34717289,Posted: 3 September,all,KamikazeBill,"Great game controls are simple, the visuals are stunning, and great lore.If you're looking for a single player game with good gameplay, a challenge, good story, and visuals look no more Hellblade is a perfect game to add to your collection.  Be wary though if you die to much in this game you will lose your progress and have to start over again.  Don't worry its not overwhelmingly challenging that you will lose your progress fast and have to restart the game.  Definitely worth the price for a 7-8 hour game."
,Recommended,414340,34718809,Posted: 3 September,all,nukem266,"nukes-viewHi all, nukes here.Hellblade Senua's Sacrifice is great psychological horror that follows Senua's personal journey through Cletic/Norse underworld. Through her manifestations you get a glimpse into the world of psychosis and how it's different effects can be real to many people around the world.I found this game intense and very enjoyable to play. Although short the overall game play was spot on, I felt the story, cinematics gripping and fights scenes engaging and smooth.The Game PlayThere is no character setup or tutorial so before you start your journey I suggest familiarising yourself with the controls in the menu. I found the a controller to work best, also a good headset is very important.Over the shoulder you follow Senua on her journey to Helheim , working your way through puzzles and enemies.DifficultyThe difficulty of the game is, interesting as there is no tutorial so you have to get to grips with the controls relatively quickly.There are three difficulty  choices in the menu(with one extra being auto). I chose hard and found it tasking at times when there wasn't much navigation on what to do. Other than that I held my own in the pretty much in every fight.A drawback is you can only fight once you are engaged in battle so you are unable to practice swinging your sword, finding out new combinations until you are in combat, easy to learn hard to master.Although I am sure you will get caught off guard just like me, watch your back.Controls & InterfaceI found the controller to be the best choice, once I had familiarised myself with them from the menu I picked the rest up on my own.The controls are not to over complex and can seem a little button bashy when you are fighting if you are unwilling to try new things. Although you can mix up the combo's a bit and get some very nice fight scenes.If you can time the block nicely the parrying effect is really nice.AchievementsThis game has steam achievements and all of them but one are story related. The lore stone locations that is a collectibles achievement which can missed if you plan on 100%.StoryThe plot is in-depth and makes the user think relying heavily on inspiration from Norse and Celtic backgrounds. If you have had no experience of mental health issues this game will definitely break the ice.Highly recommend watching the Hellblade Feature  in the menu after you have completed the game as it shows just how much work went into the making.Combat SystemThe combat system is fluid and smooth and can easily catch you out. Although they could possibly add more styles or combinations but I truly enjoyed the combat in this game.Sounds & EffectsThe sound in the game is brilliant if you are able to use a 7.1 surround sound either on a headset or a TV setup I strongly recommend it to get the most out of the voices.GraphicsThe graphics are gorgeous in this game and the attention to detail is brilliant.Cut ScenesThe cinematic cut scenes, death scenes and endings are great, although sometimes will make you lose focus and causing you to drop your guard at the worst possible time.Bugs -ImportantFortunately I didn't find any game breaking bugs, if there were any smaller bugs I did not encounter them so I wish you the same.ConclusionOverall I found this game to be a light bearer into the world of psychosis, I hope more games can be created on a similar basis, delving deep into the issues that many can't even comprehend in modern day society.I personally think this is fantastic and will be looking forward to my second play through soon. I hope other game companies can take inspiration from the detail here and produce similar games like Hellblade.Hope I helped.ηυĸєΜ266"
76561198082202988,Recommended,414340,34726162,Posted: 3 September,all,jerome the wise,"Play this games with headphones. A good game but very confusing, it's annoying not knowing what's real and not but it's still a good experience. Combat is not the main focus, so go to this game for the experience."
76561198122257652,Recommended,414340,34730010,Posted: 4 September,all,will'm,"I first becamse interested in this before it released, having Celtic/Norse ties and a strong willed female protagonist jumped out at me.  Looking at the pre-release game play and having rebuilt my pc into something that would run it at least 60 fps made it all the more worthwhile.Life intruded and I couldn't pick it up before release but got it a couple days later and finally played during the weekend.Upon returning to work, I discussed my initial impressions with our psychologist on the experiences of one suffering from psychosis, as this is something that ""normal"" individuals will not be able to see and hear this breaks with reality.I had been bad and read some of the reviews on gameplay that discussed the repetative nature of the combat system.  During the first couple of fights I could easily see what others were talking about in the the quick, heavy, parry, shove and evade being the only options.  However as time progressed within the game and the transition to the play of the game increased I was able to begin working on a system to use these ""limited"" options to Senua's gain.The visuals, audio and game style become an intricately woven fabric that brings you into contact with the ongoing suffering and struggle that Senua is facing.Having worked moderately closely with individuals with Serious Mental Illness, and possessing a vidid imagination, during one of the first scenes with Darkness, I was constantly forcing myself to focus on that single ray of light, that broke up the terrifying black, that this one beam was my only ablility to hang onto a reality that could slip away at a moments notice, or a single breath.All in all, 10/10 will update after a replay.Cautionary advise if you are SMI know your triggers, as this is a great example of what it is like to step outside the boundaries of what ""normal"" is, whatever and whoever may define it."
,Recommended,414340,34736983,Posted: 4 September,all,ηє××i,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,414340,34726082,Posted: 3 September,all,Vernea,"I've never had a game which scared me when I was done playing it, until I played this.Great illustration of multiple mental illnesses and a great atmospheric game with a pleasingly chilling story"
76561198130857689,Recommended,414340,34732963,Posted: 4 September,all,petar.v.kostov,The best game I have  played recently!
76561198036314098,Recommended,414340,34741852,Posted: 4 September,all,Shona,"Overall I really enjoyed Senua's Sacrifice. The story and character are interesting especially if you're interested in mythology. The mocap acting is amazing. The voice acting is amazing. The visuals I found very impressive and the combat felt satisfying and tactile. I took the warning at the start seriously and I had a real sense of fear every time I died... I'm not sure it was a pleasant experience, but it certainly gave Senua's story some serious feelings of consequence. I was lucky, played it on launch and experienced no bugs at all.My only complaint is I found the puzzles too boring. I found them easy, but I felt in order to stretch them out they demanded an awful lot of walking back and forth, backtracking your same path sometimes just for the sake of it, and the walking isn't all that fast either.  Some were better than others, but especially at the beginning I had to force myself through them by hoping for more great story and combat at the end."
,Recommended,414340,34743128,Posted: 4 September,all,yurimodin83,GOTY....and Melina Juergens desrves an Oscar.
76561198114573533,Recommended,414340,34747289,Posted: 4 September,all,RoundBoi,"Many ""horror"" games will try to build tension by making you completely unable to defend yourself, and will throw stuff in your face with a loud sound effect to make you jump. This game gives you a sword and full capability to kill every enemy in your path, has maybe ONE jumpscare, and still managed to unsettle and frighten me more than games like Outlast ever could."
,Recommended,414340,34751602,Posted: 5 September,all,Dynalfos,"First off. Wow. Great story. Good puzzles. Wonderful world.I know many have said that this game is merely a Walking Simulator with some phoned-in combat, and while I slightly agree with that view, but without the combat it would be a boring game.To think that only about 20 people worked on this is just stunning! Great work team! Possibly runner-up for a spot on my top 5.Gonna try to sleep now, wish me luck with the voices!"
,Recommended,414340,34713383,Posted: 3 September,all,Esau,Outstanding game.
76561198166650248,Recommended,414340,34722336,Posted: 3 September,all,Heydrith,Just great.
,Recommended,414340,34735936,Posted: 4 September,all,paradad,"I enjoyed this game alot.  Satisfying combat system, with interesting nordic flavor, and compelling story.  Looking forward to a sequal."
,Recommended,414340,34748309,Posted: 4 September,all,FireSlothOfMars,"Not even the greatest video games are completely perfect, and that is certainly the case with Hellblade. That being said, the negative part of this game for me (the occasionally frustrating combat) was completely and utterly outweighted by the positive aspects. Namely, the storytelling and emotional connections found in this game are unlike anything I've seen for quite some time. The last time I felt this much of a pull from a game was The Last of Us, and this goes way beyond even that. As a musician and sound designer, I was also incredibly enraptured by the way that the developers utilized sound throughout. This is a new high water mark for sound design in games, and I only hope that many others will look to this game as a demonstration of the ways in which the video game medium can evolve going forward.ConsCombat can be frustrating at timesPuzzles are relatively simple, yet still occasionally obtuseProsPerfect length and pacingStorytelling as good as anything that has been developed in many, many yearsSimply unrivalled sound design"
,Recommended,414340,34713783,Posted: 3 September,all,Big Uzi Vert,Play it.
76561198004494669,Recommended,414340,34717070,Posted: 3 September,all,AcidRaptor,"BEAUTIFUL, TERRIFYING and VISCERALEasily one of the greatest gaming experiences I've ever had...A true work of art."
76561198031096988,Recommended,414340,34747679,Posted: 4 September,all,Carracersk,"This game is amazing! It's definitely my pick for GOTY, and it's probally the closet thing that PC gamers will ever get to playing compared to games like God Of War or Dante's inferno. My rating for this game is a 10/10. The controls were great, graphics well it pushed my 1080 ti to the max on 1440p with FPS around 60 to 90. If your planning on waiting to get it on a sale your're wasting your time becuase it's worth the $30."
76561198180694490,Recommended,414340,34986594,Posted: 15 September,all,Askahz,A true masterpiece...
,Not Recommended,414340,34099779,Posted: 8 August,all,Ether,"Good game, good optimization, good graphics, good plots.But I recommend you guys buy it, try it for 2 hours first.Because this game contains some very disturbing elements:1. There are A LOT OF VOICE whispering in this game, it can be very disturbing.2. There are A LOT OF SHINNY MARKS that will dazzel your eyes.3. The combat is very much like Dark Souls, if you haven't  GIT GUD, you proproablly will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked HARD in this game.Update:After a several battles of my own and watchiong final battle on youtube, I finally decided this game is not fun for me based on following reasons:1. those disturbing elements listed above2, combat in this game is like crap. You dodge, attack, dodge then attack and so on. It's just lacking variety.3. To make things worse, enemies seem to be the same even looked different. You will find almost all enemies(except some boss), their combat style and even movements are the same.All in all, if you are looking for killing and slaying experince you would probably get disappointed.But if you go for the plots, wishing to experience what Senua looked and felt, I recommend this game for you."
,Recommended,414340,34144202,Posted: 10 August,all,Matty,"“masterclass of atmosphere, storytelling, and the marriage of mechanical and conceptual design.”"
76561197974177180,Recommended,414340,34144333,Posted: 10 August,all,Perceval,Shut up voices and take my money.
,Recommended,414340,34992082,Posted: 16 September,all,Taylor Swift,Beautiful.
76561198250384560,Recommended,414340,35075656,Posted: 19 September,all,Xender,👍
76561198305817686,Recommended,414340,35075817,Posted: 19 September,all,SoulThief993,Amazing game! Highly recommend!
76561197985796011,Recommended,414340,34148914,Posted: 10 August,all,FriendlyFoe,"This Game, is Epic. The story, is amazing. I hardly complete games nowadays, because I looseinterest. This kept me coming back, wanting to know more, and take the next step into darkness."
76561198093689697,Recommended,414340,34148894,Posted: 10 August,all,cyberboy2142,first get good headphones really good then close all doors then play the game and dont watch youtube videos before u play the game ....
76561198083583311,Recommended,414340,34283434,Posted: 16 August,all,☠ CybeR ☠,WOw just Wowi haven't words to descript this gameJust buy it and you will see
76561197970874528,Recommended,414340,35189599,Posted: 24 September,all,darryldemonscott,"Absolutely amazing game.Controls, graphics, audio and gameplay is perfect. Loved every minute of it.In the spirit of it all, remeber to support each other in life!"
,Recommended,414340,35186519,Posted: 24 September,all,ArchieChoke,"Fantastic, would recommend to those that enjoy a solo game."
,Recommended,414340,34909004,Posted: 12 September,all,Gruffthe Wookie,"I absolutely love this game. It's tense, the story is fascinating, the music is amazing, and is just so beautifully disigned. Fantastic! If you're on the fence, please know that it's well worth it. This is one of my favorite games."
76561197989151205,Recommended,414340,35186128,Posted: 24 September,all,Hank Moody,"Awesome game through and through!Enjoyed playing/experiencing it very much.The ending disappointed me a bit, but still 10/10!"
76561198014289925,Recommended,414340,35187306,Posted: 24 September,all,patfeerick,I love it!
,Recommended,414340,34910899,Posted: 12 September,all,Anitek16,this game brought me so much insight to what people with psychosis goes through. to be honest its very intense.I loved everything about the game story and gameplay it was amazing the only thing that i would say that was bad about the game was variety in enemie's there were all those concept ideas of all the enemie's you wouldve included but they sadly wernt in the game :(
76561198025233014,Recommended,414340,34383138,Posted: 20 August,all,Hyper Sick,Amazing game loved it all the way through.
76561197970780957,Recommended,414340,34383120,Posted: 20 August,all,Kelnorxv,"Truly Inspirational Acting , Amazing Artwork and a Story that stays with you.Do not watch streams or youtube Just play!Immerse yourselves in a unique and amazing experience,"
76561198139154430,Recommended,414340,35403944,Posted: 1 October,all,QWERTY,LuL
,Recommended,414340,34749733,Posted: 4 September,all,Shazam,"This game is amazing. I will buy from this developer again. Best game audio i've heard in a very long time.The story felt smooth and I was really able to dive into it. Don't wait for a sale, buy now."
,Recommended,414340,34122486,Posted: 9 August,all,GEP,Splendid
76561198023301373,Recommended,414340,34141517,Posted: 10 August,all,Rurouni,I loved this game.
,Recommended,414340,34503556,Posted: 26 August,all,Ityer,great game. Would definightly reccomend!
76561198013848200,Recommended,414340,34435217,Posted: 23 August,all,jack_of_tears,"This is an incredible bit of artistic game design; a glimpse into a world most people cannot imagine, told with such style and nuance as to stagger the mind.  Because it's primarily art, however, the mechanical gameplay can sometimes be frustrating, unclear or repetitive - I wouldn't have wanted more combat (sometimes the combat they do have is horribly paced, dropping you into a well of hacking and slashing for your life between long stretches of nothing) as that would have undermined the intensity of the storytelling but maybe less fetchy puzzles.Aside from those issues, however, this has been an amazing experience and while the run time may be short (8-10 hours) it doesn't feel overpriced for what it delivered."
,Recommended,414340,34262396,Posted: 15 August,all,Teta_Tesla,The best game have been made ever...
,Recommended,414340,34159829,Posted: 10 August,all,Elcadion,"Visually breathtaking with a story-line that you can actually care about. Add the recommended use of headphones and you get the full enjoyment of hearing different voices ""in your head"". With 8 hours in so far, I would say the game is a fairly even mix of linear-exploration, solving perceptual puzzles, and combat. To add to the feel of psychosis there are multiple stories being told simultaniously. Added bonus: if you enjoy Norse mythology you will love finding the optional runic-stories. All in all, great game so far!"
76561198009431906,Recommended,414340,34159127,Posted: 10 August,all,Heysahs007,"Awesome game! give it a try. dont like it, refund it. simpole as that."
76561197971193443,Recommended,414340,34159186,Posted: 10 August,all,[silent]TwItCh,"Seriously, big props to the devs. Short game overall, but if you get the chance to play it with graphical settings as maxed out as possible and with the volume nice and loud (Preferably with headphones), it's really a work of art. Dark and gritty, she really gives me Krato vibes at points. The portrayel of someone suffering from psychosis felt really well done."
76561198055500665,Recommended,414340,34179231,Posted: 11 August,all,thechosenonesbrother,"WEAR HEADPHONES WITH LOUD VOLUME IN A DARK ROOM!!!1!Cause yeah this is a dam masterpiece, and its good to finally find a game that has accurate versions of those voices in your head."
76561198318448049,Recommended,414340,34436451,Posted: 23 August,all,AdamsGuy93,A superb game.
76561198086194206,Recommended,414340,34159599,Posted: 10 August,all,N-armi,great job!
76561198393833434,Recommended,414340,34227639,Posted: 13 August,all,eXile,Un-♥♥♥♥ing-believable.
,Recommended,414340,34178644,Posted: 11 August,all,PaeBae,"The first game in like four years that I actually cared about the story,It grabs you from the start and its just a rollercoaster of beautiful insanity until its over.Also the combat is ♥♥♥♥ing 10/10Buy this game, its everything a game should be."
,Recommended,414340,34178688,Posted: 11 August,all,Shynx,"absolutely fantastic game. on top of the palpable atmosphere, its full of great ideas that push the entire genre forward."
76561197998330372,Recommended,414340,34179196,Posted: 11 August,all,BloodOmen,The most mature representation of psychotic disorders in media I have encountered so far.
76561198006409910,Recommended,414340,34159629,Posted: 10 August,all,Legion1183,"Defintely enjoyed the game felt in ways like Ryse Son Of Rome, but instead of a Roman, it is a Celt Warrior's story of descent into Helheim. Celtic mythology has always been fascinating it is so great we get a game that delves into it to begin with. Visually the game is beautiful and audio is just stunning I play on a headset in 7.1 and no comparison to the speakers I sometimes use.  I have not had any issues with the game or fps as some have said in the forums. I defintely would recomend this I got my $29.99 out of it. As for some people criticizing it intially I think a lot had to do with they expected something else but did not get it and so they are mad about that I waited for the game to launch to buy it because only trailers where released with no real gameplay"
,Recommended,414340,34179411,Posted: 11 August,all,Slaverzguild,"You are cursed.How many times would you need to hear it before you believed it? How much dissention before you questioned it?Senua believes things that are not real, and so will you.Hellblade gets better and better the more you play it and the torturous narritive and mind-twisting puzzles never let up. There are things here I've never experienced in a game before. Most of the audio in this game has been recorded with Binaural microphones so play with headphones for the best experience."
,Recommended,414340,34227948,Posted: 13 August,all,percy_wong,"beautiful and a little terrifying, but awesome!"
76561198039203351,Recommended,414340,34156581,Posted: 10 August,all,ChefCurry,Just play it.
76561197973080470,Not Recommended,414340,34512290,Posted: 26 August,all,Sir Dubs Alot,"Walking simulator 2017 - schizophrenic Celtic editionEnemy diversity, inventory, power ups, leveling up, NPCs, forget it.   This is not an RPG, it may look like one from the screenshots, but I cannot emphasize it enough, it's not an RPG.  In this game you basically walk through a cinematic story driven experience.So, is it worth it?  Yes, well, sort of.To my surprise the game is rather difficult.  I set the game on easy early on because I quickly realized this was a game of story, atmosphere and immersion, and nothing kills those things faster than constantly killing off the player over and over again.  It's essentially an interactive movie, and you want to experience it in such a way.   To my dismay, this is exactly what the game did, it killed me a number of times during a fire escape scene.  You basically just have to run to an exit point in a certain amout of time.  I know exactly where the exit was the first time and bolted for it from the moment go, but alas I didn't get there quite soon enough, I was off by about 1 second and effectively died.  I repeated this process two more times before just barely making it by the skin of my teeth.  This scene is unnecessarily difficult. Replaying a scene over and over again destroys the immersion and the awe of the set piece they're trying to show you, and makes the scene repetitious and frustrating.  This isn't a game of gameplay.  This isn't Dark Souls.  It's a game of story and atmosphere.  Have mercy.  How would you like it if I took a book you were in the middle of reading and throw it across the room every 5 minutes?  Will that kill your immersion in the book?Graphics and sound?  Good.  I think I read in some review that this was the best looking game they've played to date.  I disagree, I think they're a number of better looking games currently avaible.  The character model looks really good and real.  But the environment does not share that detail.  It's by no means poor, it's very good in fact, it's just not the best thing you will see all year.  And the sound?  It's pretty good, I played the game with headphones, I recommend you do so as well.  What else can I say?  The soundtrack isn't terribly memorable.Combat.  Yes there's combat in this walking simulator.  Ghosts?  Apparitions? I don't know.   Combat is not one of the things the game does well; there is a hint of variety in the combat structure, and like Ontario, it's yours to discover.  The game doesn't hold your hand and explain the combat keys, so get ready to pull up the key settings during your first combat encounter to figure out your key set.  ""You need to focus""  Oh yeah?  What key is that again?  If you want me to press a damn key, then display the key on screen at least once, you know, like every other game. There also little enemy variety.  You have very few enemy models, and you face these type of enemies over and over again during your schizophrenic walk in the park.In conclusion.  I haven't finished the game yet, and I'm torn actually as to whether or not I should continue on or request a steam refund before I hit the 2 hour mark.  I hear the game is about 6 hours long, and I can tell you now there's little replayablity, if not zero.  So the question then is a one time adventure through a cinematic game worth the $33 CAD for 6 hours of possible enjoyment when it's not frustrating you with unecessary death?  Probably not, wait for a 50% sale and give it a go, and remember, steam offers a refund for games with less than 2 hours of gameplay."
76561198284858939,Recommended,414340,34119149,Posted: 8 August,all,Kairo Kuraku,"The Game is super good so far, the story feels intrigueing and the MC is interesting. The fighting so far seems to be simple, but this game is more about story than combat. It would lose it's touch if the fighting was Dark Souls style.Love the game, and the aspect of dying too much resesting your progress really adds something, like you can't fail. There isn't infinite respawing without a price. Not a whole lot of games now have the balls to do that anymore and I'm glad this one does. 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34223541,Posted: 13 August,all,ColtPale,"A beautiful 6-8 hour journey through viking mythology, love/loss, psychosis, and inner demons."
,Recommended,414340,34314600,Posted: 17 August,all,[GAZArts],"I have to note that my recorded hours spent playing the game isn't accurate, i have in fact completed the game by other means but felt compelled to buy the game myself as i enjoyed it tremendously. I was aware before going in that the devs had attempted to portray what it was like to suffer with severe mental illness, i wasn't  sure i was going to enjoy the constant mind chatter that Senua's psychotic mind provides her  but surprisingly about 10 minutes in i was really enjoying the help and running commentary that the voices give. The combat feels swift and fluid and i found myself really getting a kick out of ****ing up monsters with style and finesse. Many game mechanics are introduced that i think worked great, i enjoyed parts of the game that used illusion to hide certain paths but i have to admit i didn't enjoy finding shapes in the scenery every so often. I felt these really stunted my game progression to the point of losing interest. At certain points i found myself giving an audible sigh when confronted with a door with red shapes, it was like ""here we go again"" but other than that, Superb game, story, acting and more importantly a great protagonist."
,Recommended,414340,34143431,Posted: 10 August,all,gonzeek,One of the games that I really enjoyed playing
,Recommended,414340,34296272,Posted: 16 August,all,MaxOfS2D,"Can't recommend this game enough. Gorgeous visuals, great story, incredible characters, all to the service of two things we don't see enough of in video games: 1) mental illness treated with respect as a subject matter, and 2) norse mythology, proper norse mythology, not the Diet Coke version of it as popularized by Skyrim et. al.It's quicker to say what I didn't like in the game so here goes:• The level design is sometimes a bit confusing early on, and some gameplay things that you NEED to understand aren't explicitly spell out. This may be considered a blessing in disguise, in some way, because there are zero on-screen tutorials or button prompts.• Sometimes the fights can be a bit too drawn out, like they're a good third too long. That said the fighting system is pretty decent so it's not that big of a deal.If I was a gaming reviewer at a major site I'd give this game at least a 95. I hope the studio gets to make more games like this."
76561197972703889,Recommended,414340,34311567,Posted: 17 August,all,hopsandmalt,A great game with an amazing graphics and a superb story.  The story blew me away.
76561198093611495,Recommended,414340,34285901,Posted: 16 August,all,fribeans,Absolutly outstanding game. Amazing story telling and stellar graphics.
76561198364379006,Recommended,414340,34296411,Posted: 16 August,all,Demonik Drone,A deep dive into what psychosis can feel like. You must venture through Senua's hell trying to save the soul of her loved one. Fun but challenging combat system. Decent puzzles. Recommend.
76561198050321647,Recommended,414340,34298854,Posted: 16 August,all,The Barber,I finished thie game the other day. I loved every minute of it.
,Recommended,414340,34299052,Posted: 16 August,all,SAULO,"visually the game looks fantastic with amazing texture works and good lighting effects and ran very well on my gtx 1080 paired with a 7700k. The art of the game was awesome and the use effects and water all had a purpose. The environments were very interesting and each one did just enough to feel varied and different from the last however I wish there were more interesting places in the game.soundThe sound the design was the true star of the game.there are constant voices interacting with the character almost at all times and using a headset really brings the immersion of the game up quite a notch. the voice acting was superb.gameplay.let's start with the story. In all honesty, it was quite a bit of a complicated journey of the character trying to save the soul of her beloved, but at the same time having to face her fears. what really makes this feel unique is that her state of mind.the combat for me, however, felt underdeveloped. I didn't feel like there was nothing wrong with it but there was not enough of it. one thing that I did like was that the game sort of lets you figure out how it works. it doesn't tell you how you do things till you experiments with the controls and in you own way to figure out all of the moves. but once you do there is really nothing new to it. it's very barebones and doesn't evolve enough from the very first fight you have in the gameOveral:I think the game is worth the 30$ price tag. great visuals and sound design really elevate the game. the story and characters do an ok job. but it's not a story that will be relevant to everyone. the combats certainly leave a lot to be desired."
76561198018626613,Recommended,414340,34299334,Posted: 16 August,all,Bigdadyblood,There are no other games that are going to make you scared out of mind and sick to ur stomach while still being so engrossed in the story and understanding the end of the game really makes this one of the best possible games out there even for its short play time it felt much longer
76561198061595507,Recommended,414340,34305075,Posted: 17 August,all,gdub,Excellent game with stunning visuals.  I really enjoyed the combat system - complex enough to keep you on your toes but still managed to flow and look great.
,Recommended,414340,34303372,Posted: 17 August,all,Deadlyturtle,"Well where to start? This is one of a kind, a great experience to understand something that have never been done like that in the game industry  (correct me if i'm wrong).The immersion is really intense and won't let you indefferent.The strory is well written, Senua is so well performed that you will feel all of her story and her pain.And the experience with the 3D binaural system is really interresting and necessary in that kind of game and i hope to see more of that technology in more games in the future, it help for the immersion as a so high level that it will make your experience ingame most ejoyable.Buy it you won't regret it :)10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34310877,Posted: 17 August,all,N7,great experience and storyline.headphone is a must.
76561198126146856,Recommended,414340,34299387,Posted: 16 August,all,Mummelpuffin,"If you are looking for Ninja Theory's next great action game, don't bother.If you are looking for fun, don't bother.If you have a short attention span, or little tolerance for ""repetative gameplay"" meant to give you time to consider things, don't bother.Frankly, if you're looking at Hellblade because it's a game, you're going to be dissapointed.If you're someone who can't empathise with people who struggle with mental illness, you won't care.If you can't be mature about seeing someone losing their mind, and can't appreciate that Ninja Theory is very intentionally making it an uncomfortable thing that some may find easy to laugh at (people can look a bit silly when they're having a panic attack), I suppose you can join all the salty neckbeards who wish Senua was more attractive.Still here?Good.If there's something Hellblade could have done better, it's setting up what it's trying to accomplish.It puts you in the shoes of a young Celtic woman who experiences psychosis, and who clearly has suffered from chronic depression for most of her life. It attempts to convey her experience through a deeply personal journey through her personal vision of Hellheim, the Norse underworld. It does so with a great deal of honesty- the developers worked with individuals who experience psychosis themselves to create a relatively accurate portrayal of the condition.  As a result, the game's insistance on making you the player feel that absurd things are perfectly reasonable runs deep, to the point where Ninja Theory was quite happy when a few playtesters felt that they saw ""no signs of psychosis"" in Senua- because they themselves belived her delusions.Hellblade attempts to ask: How would someone from a superstitious culture, in a superstitious time, cope with mental illness, especially symptoms like psychosis?  How would their family and friends cope with it?I'd like to point out also that there's quite a lot of legitimate history in Hellblade. Senua comes from a real Celtic tribe, the Picts, on the Orkney islands. Her knowledge of Norse folklore (learned from a man captured by them) is generally accurate, other than the anachronistic view of Hel (which was popularized by a later period ""christianised"" Norse monk).If you have dealt with any form of serious mental illness yourself, you might relate to some of Senua's struggles. I certainly did.  You may find certain scenes disturbing or stressful. I certainly did. I would classify certain sections as outright horror.  If you're willing to do so, you can lose yourself in this game- no HUD, you simply walk everywhere, it's visually astounding, and you probably already know about the sound.  This is a game that's meant to be experienced first-hand.  I played the game in two near-all-night sittings.I used headphones, which you absolutely need to do, ideally in-ear headphones.I found myself ruminating on my own troubles a bit after the game was over.Keep in mind that the game is apparently currently a bit buggy. I didn't experience any significant bugs myself, but some people have even had their playthrough ended by progression bugs. It may be wise to wait until the major issues are patched out.All that being said, I think Hellblade is an incredibly immersive and poetic exploration of themes that are kept in the dark far too often, and Ninja Theory deserves our support for their hard work."
,Recommended,414340,34311927,Posted: 17 August,all,panthar7,"Very well worth the asking price. Awesome graphics, 4k is stunning. Nice story and well paced."
,Recommended,414340,34296371,Posted: 16 August,all,SEED Midnight,"OMFG dunno where to start this game is just a masterpiece. The end just blow my mind. Please just buy this game. The team did an amzing work. I had no bug, the story is so deep, the graphics are amazing, best facial expression ever seen in a game, music is awesome, the combat system works so great, nice Nordic lore...Just buy it, this game is amazing and 999% worth."
,Recommended,414340,34296534,Posted: 16 August,all,JereBear,"An absolute masterpiece. This game provids a representation towards mental illness that is more true in real life than too many people realize. It's a game so remarkably worth getting especially for it's price.The title of ""Hellblade"" is slightly misleading in that the combat is quite simple, and it is few and far throughout the game----------------*However*----------------The game's entire focus is on story-telling and understanding the internal struggle of Senua.When the combat presents itself, it needs to be seen through that perspective.Puzzles are also recycled throughout the game, but that doesn't make them any less interesting.The focus, as I've said is the story. Expect simple mechanics."
76561198005615605,Recommended,414340,34313273,Posted: 17 August,all,Lethal Games,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is one of the most intense and immersive narrative experiences I've ever had. It's a game that tackles a topic that is seldom found in the gaming world in an uncensored and honest way. Through the use of beautiful graphics and an outstanding cast of voice actors, Ninja Theory is able to create a world with a level of immersion that I have not experienced before. The game makes you feel and hear all the emotions that Senua does and you can only empathize with her suffering.**If you plan on playing this game, wear headphones because the game uses a 3D Binaual audio system that completely changes the experience**This is first and foremost a story driven game and the focus is not on combat or puzzles, though they do exist. Moreso than anything else, these other aspects of the game are there to compliment and enhance the story and theme. If you are expecting a hack and slash action RPG, then you may be disappointed.For a full detailed video review, please check out my YouTube video:https://youtu.be/XGhJ9wasFS4"
,Recommended,414340,34305026,Posted: 17 August,all,Tellingfibulas,"Do yourself a favour, stop reading reviews and just buy this game.I read a review somewhere that simply read ""This isn't a game, it's an experience"". There is an incredible accuracy to that statement. Instead of another game, I'd actually compare much more to a film or a novel, not because of a lack of interactivity or anything like that, the gameplay is integral to the narrative. I'd compare it to a novel or film because of the effect it has on the player even after the credits have finished rolling. Even now I still find myself thinking about Senua and what I experienced with her.Like I said, do yourself a favour."
,Recommended,414340,34361324,Posted: 19 August,all,Goby,Atmosphere 11/10Really a great game
,Recommended,414340,34201207,Posted: 12 August,all,Toichat,"Compelling characters and story, with some suitably nightmarish environments to set it all off. Combat isn't as nuanced as in some other games, but the system manages to be challenging but fair in most encounters. I've paid more money for games several leagues below this one. Visually the game is stunning, with very well designed enemies and a fantastically acted protagonist all brought to life in a powerful graphics engine. Given how good it looks, I was surprised at how smoothly everything ran.It might not be to everyone's taste, but I'd definitely recommend it to a friend."
,Recommended,414340,34360712,Posted: 19 August,all,2muchtilt,Talked to my psychologist about the game... now I need a new one because he's depressive...10/10
,Recommended,414340,34361756,Posted: 19 August,all,kr4nnK,Awesome single player experience!Recommended.
,Recommended,414340,34361762,Posted: 19 August,all,ＵＳＭＡＲＩＮＥ,Last 2 years for games have been pretty low tier for me but I gotta say this is one of the few high points by far.Pros:Beautiful viewscapesDecent combat(More in cons)A good amount of puzzles that will make you use your noodleGREAT storySound design is second to noneGood charactersCons:Targeting in combat can be wonky at timesPlease for the love of god let me run backwards in combatOverall 9/10
76561197977845573,Recommended,414340,34201274,Posted: 12 August,all,Tomyris,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a gripping pyschological narrative that explores some extremely intense themes of grief, trauma, and the will to persevere despite insurmountable obstacles. The bare game mechanics are nothing groundbreaking, but their purpose here is to be serviceable and keep the experience interactive enough while the heavy narrative moves foward, and in that they succeed. I did enjoy the combat system - the blocking, evading, and combos felt tight and responsive, and made Senua feel like a very capable warrior. The puzzles were interesting enough to not be frustrating or boring, and again that's all they needed to be.The game lives or dies on its immersive narrative, and it succeeds in spades. I was moved to tears several times during the more intense peaks of the story. Melina Juergens does a masterful job carrying the story basically by herself. The smaller supporting roles are almost fully voice-over, and while they were perfectly good, Juergens's mo-capped performance was filled with raw emotion and intensity to a degree I honestly can't remember seeing matched in any game before now.Ninja Theory are hoping that this game is commercially and critically succesful not just for themselves, but so that other studios and publishers will see the value in building games in the ""AA"" space between indie and blockbuster. I think they've accomplished what they set out to do for themselves; let's just hope the rest of the gaming world takes notice."
76561197996313933,Not Recommended,414340,34156603,Posted: 10 August,all,Пσтσяιυѕ Λяєѕ,"Good story, beautiful graphics, but the game is just slow and boring.. travel through one area, find rune symbols in the environment, fight a guy, then rinse and repeat... maybe I didnt get far enough into the game, but after 45 minutes I was bored and had lost interest."
76561197971087174,Not Recommended,414340,34227739,Posted: 13 August,all,Greyhawke,"Nice looking?  Yes, definitely.  Audio is better than average by a long shot? Yes, no doubt.  Combat? What I experienced seemed very easy.  Puzzles?  Well, ok I guess, you can call them puzzles, if by solving puzzles you mean repeating a similar task with the same ""strategy"" over and over again.I wanted to like this game, but quit while I was ahead, and got a refund after 100 minutes of playtime.This game is more like those bad films about drugs - being shown in high schools, back in the 60' and 70's, in the U.S.  They tried really hard to depict what it was like to be tripping, but failed.   This failed at it for me too.  It was a great attempt mind you, but still a fail imho.This game is going to be one of those that people either really get into, or think is just nonsense.  Don't believe there will be a lot of middle ground on this one.  Oddly, the ""voices"" all seemed pretty normal to me after about 5 minutes of gameplay.  They were part of Sensua, and again, seemed very normal, for her, in short order. Yes I played with a good headset in 7.1 surround.  Was never any doubt in my mind, not for a second, that the voices belonged to Senua, and not me.  It was like a different version of the game ""Bastion"".  Kind of."
76561197961081966,Not Recommended,414340,34220530,Posted: 13 August,all,matt,"Lovely cinematic graphics, but frustrating and has borderline game-breaking bugs, such as respawning me somewhere I can only die."
,Not Recommended,414340,34228946,Posted: 13 August,all,CaptMidnightPickle,"I didn't play for too long so take that into consideration when reading this.The game was visually fantastic! With a good surround sound headset you can really get into the whole 'voice in your head' thing.With that said, the game because very reptitive very fast. I played a total of maybe 90 minutes and I had to do the same task already 5 times. And these aren't short tasks due to the fact that for some reason they left out a mouse sensitivity slider making this game a nightmare to navigate.The combat in this game is just plain lack luster, yes you have to time your evasion or your attack, but it is very very bland.I personally have no intetion of finishing this game myself just due to the boring content. I don't think the game is worth $30, I would definitely wait to pick it up if it hits a sale if you are still interested in playing after reading some of these reviews."
76561198032045882,Not Recommended,414340,34157013,Posted: 10 August,all,Mentat,"Honestly I thought it was pretty dissappointing. The devs clearly poured alot of time into writing an interesting story with well researched characters and mythology and the use of sound to generate atmosphere is fantastic. However, the combat manages to be both really repetitive as well as clunky and frustrating, the rune based puzzles never really evolve and also contribute to the repetitive gameplay (I`m also partially colour blind which makes some of them basically impossible for me to do), not having any UI (although great for screen shots) really just feels awful while playing, and the camera is absolutely terrible most of the time. I also had to do a ton of research and work just to get the game to run half decently, but it its still really choppy and terrible. If all you care about is pretty graphics and a nice story then I guess you should check it out, but if you want a game with interesting and satisfying gameplay, keep looking."
76561198066059455,Not Recommended,414340,34519618,Posted: 26 August,all,HIDAKA,"This is a game that only manipulates the main character along the story in view of watching a movie.For that reason, the scenery is a dummy, the road is one way, the battle scene has no leveling, and there are also lack of monotonous elements.As a visual novel, it can be said that it is a good work rich in virtual reality."
76561198035025141,Not Recommended,414340,34472760,Posted: 24 August,all,Nullboose,"Wanted to play it more but it keeps crashing.I get to the ""river of knives"" bridge cutscene and it will crash somewhere in there. Says LowLevelFatal Error.Tried downgrading my drivers to previous versions that worked and it keeps crashing.Will probably edit and give it a positive review if this ever gets fixed."
,Recommended,414340,34098035,Posted: 8 August,all,Mild Mannered Manatee,"This is not a game, it is a religious experience. Period."
76561197973546950,Not Recommended,414340,35449899,Posted: 3 October,all,OCC,"Watching a walkthrough video of this game would not be worse than playing it. That tells a lot.Gameplay loop is simple and boring:Walking through an emply are are listening to the voices (argualby the best part of the game) -> match some runes with the camera (annoying at best, repetitive), -> fight some spawning enemies in an arena (repetitive+simplistic combat system) -> watch cutscene where someone says a monologue.Goto 10.Seriously, everything that is good in this game is perfectly captured in You Tube videos, no need to play it."
,Recommended,414340,34129832,Posted: 9 August,all,stage,Holy f*ck.
,Not Recommended,414340,34513619,Posted: 26 August,all,Flamingo Twist,encountered a game breaking bug where a mission wont trigger.  reported it to the support team and was advised that support were working on an update which fixes issues like this.  update came out and no fix.  emailed them again but havent had a response.
76561198244451710,Not Recommended,414340,34321267,Posted: 17 August,all,ThunderClap220,"If I could describe this game in two words it would be frustratingly simple. The gameplay is so repetitive it is not even funny. From combat to the puzzles it presents it reuses the same idea several times over and over. Because of this the game becomes so boring that it is frustrating.I do commend the game for its approach on mental health, but the game is an absolute snooze fest.Spend your time doing something else."
,Recommended,414340,34193918,Posted: 12 August,all,zzzai,v strong game
,Not Recommended,414340,34657143,Posted: 1 September,all,kitsune!!,"I really, REALLY wanted to love this game.It looks absolutely gorgeous, it's haunting and the atmosphere is incredible.Unfortunately, the gameplay is boring as hell, and the combat is underwhelming (although I understand that combat isn't the game's main focus).I just don't think this one is for me!"
76561198071241125,Not Recommended,414340,35166001,Posted: 23 September,all,Nihtantuel,"Its weird how Steam ties a negative review to 'Not Recommending' a game in general. I don't want to discourage people from playing this game. You totally should, you woun't know untill you try it.What I want to do is share my experience wth this game and how I decided to play it in the first place. And this experience is begative.I decided to try this game after seeing a whole lot of YouTube reviews where pretty much everyone who played this game would♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves while telling how great this game was. Naturally I set huge expectations going into it and this game consistantly failed to deliver on every single one of those. Maybe if not for the level of hype, I would have actually enjoyed this. On the other hand, I most likely might not have enven decided to play it. But I did, and spent the whole game thinking ""What the hell is so great about this?""My thoughts on the game ended up as follows:- I did not care for the story, it failed to keep me invested into it. Senua herself is blant and uninteresting. She's crazy, ok, there is that, but what else? For me there was nothing else. Her background story failed to compell or make me feel empathy.- Gameplay is boring as all lving hell. I don't feel like its a game in general. 6 hours long demo is more like it. Fighting generic enemies♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off more than it did anything else. Kept from falling asleep, though. Most of it is just walking, running, ocassional balancing on a narrow board.- Puzzles are not really puzzles. A brain dead monkey can solve them.- I do not see where praises towards the graphics are coming from. Senua is drawn very well, the rest looks pretty mediocre in 2k with every setting maxed out. I think people are mixing graphics and art for some reason here. Not sure why.- Same applies to music. While I can't say anything bad about it, most of the time it is generic absolutely forgetable ambient, nothing special. There is, for example, the piece that plays during the fight with Surt, which is very distinguishable, as well as a couple other, but the rest of it is just there and does the job, there is nothing to praise like most positive reviews do.Artistically this was very interesting, can't say anything bad about it. The atmosphere and the design of the locations was aso very well done. But while this can be observed and apreciated within the first hour, the rest of the game for me turned into trying to find the masterpiece people overhyped it to be, only to end up with the stuff I listed above.In conclusion - this was not an enjoyable experience, a total waste of time and a thorough disappointment, which I had to force myself to get through.So if you want to get this game - you should. But don't go into it overhyped. You might end up, just like me, forcing yourself to like something you do not enjoy."
76561198252328954,Not Recommended,414340,34345487,Posted: 19 August,all,Floz,terrible and glitchy got far into the game then had to restart all over again because of a glitched door
,Recommended,414340,34102595,Posted: 8 August,all,rl.velazquez3,"Let me preface this by saying that II only have an hour under my belt because that was all I could squeeze in before work started. I will update my review once I have completed it, but in that single hour I was introduced to a beautiful and captivating game, which paired with my 7.1 surround sound headphones created an incredibly engaging world. Incredible lighting, photo-realistic facial animations from the main protagonist, pretty cool combat, and story-driven narrative. The voice work is simply amazing and it all blends so well in establishing a very dark and dreary world that draws you in.I've waited for a long time for this release since seeing some developer diaries, and I am happy to say that I was not let down by the final product. It is so polished and looks incredible. Highly recommend that headphones be used for this game, with 7.1 if possible because it adds a rich depth to the game and helps to really reinforce this journey in which you are experiencing the psychosis and mental breakdown of the protagonist.UPDATE 1: Played a couple more hours, and the game continues to amaze and challenge your senses, both visual and auditory. Taking down the first boss was both an exhilarating moment, and a cinematic one. The HUD-less game and intuitive controls without needing to hold the gamers hand, trusting our fine-honed gaming skills earned over thousands of hours playing, increases this immersion and realism. This is a masterpiece of a game. Combat can tend to be repetitive, but the more you experiment the more combos and new moves you discover that will not be given to you in the game. The added urgency and risk of trying to moves while trying to stay alive and prevent rot from spreading enhances the feelings of adrenaline and excitement."
76561198048947173,Recommended,414340,34097342,Posted: 7 August,all,BigBoss87,"Bloodborne meets ""The best Vikings game ever made""....I'm completely blown away...What..A...Game."
,Not Recommended,414340,35215998,Posted: 25 September,all,Justin_760,"Game was good, until a nasty glitch barred my progress. The glyph door in Surtr' domain will not open, after completing the puzzle and finding the 3 runes. I have watched numerous walkthrough videos, searched google, and made forum posts trying to find a solution, to no avail. I have restarted the game, my pc, verified game cache, and every other option to resolve this, and still the door wont open and cant be interacted with. Hard to say if the game is any good since I havent been able to play but a few hours, of course this happens right when I pass the 2 hour limit for refunds, lucky me.Im not sure if this bug is common or not, but if you get it I can almost guarantee youll be on your own, so best of luck to any other sad saps who fall victim to this."
,Not Recommended,414340,34318604,Posted: 17 August,all,wrong hole,"I don't even know how to begin this review, this game did a lot of things right but it just felt like it was missing something.Pros:-Visually the game is stunning-The voices you hear throughout the game do a great job ♥♥♥♥ing with you-The combat was incredibly engaging and challengingCons:-The combat got repetitive pretty fast, other than the boss fights. It felt like a chore to take down the regular enemies after a while-Really glitchy moments with too many of the puzzles, getting the shapes to line up just straight up wouldn't work sometimes-When trying to listen to the Druth shrines they often got overshadowed by the voices in your head, very annoying when trying to learn the back story-I couldn't give less of a ♥♥♥♥ about the story (I know it's subjective but it was boring)-Let me skip the credits god dammitMild spoilers ahead:Overall I enjoyed the game but not enough to recommend it to anyone, at least not at it's full price. I'd wait for a sale before purchasing. I get what it was going for with using the 3D sound to mess with you and it does that perfectly. The game just felt repetative once you start getting close to the end. Also, if you're going to do a boss rush at the end, at least have one more epic battle. You're running up to basically the devil at the end of the game and you don't even fight her. There were parts of this game that I really enjoyed but unfortunately the bad outweighs the good for me. I'd give this game a 5/10"
,Recommended,414340,34096673,Posted: 7 August,all,__literally the devil☠,welcome to hell.
76561198008410573,Recommended,414340,34232011,Posted: 14 August,all,Dandelion,10/10
,Recommended,414340,34232721,Posted: 14 August,all,sadboi -300,its lit fam
,Recommended,414340,34099519,Posted: 8 August,all,BigChap,This game is my kind of creepy! Love it
,Recommended,414340,34099562,Posted: 8 August,all,Goose,fun
,Recommended,414340,34101966,Posted: 8 August,all,LOser,"Great insight into the nature of psychosis and the stigma surrounding it. Hopefully the experience is enough to change your perspective on how we view those suffering from mental illness.The story is beautifully woven into norse mythology so anyone interested in stories told between Yggdrasils branches, will definitely enjoy this interpritation of that world."
76561198189608795,Not Recommended,414340,34742859,Posted: 4 September,all,Stigmatan,"I appreciate the enormous work behind the graphics and sound. But in the end all the voices (especially the female voice) gets extremely annoying, there's no way of understanding the puzzles until you google it, no open world playing, the fighting is the same everytime.. Was hoping to enjoy more of the history and myths this game was based on. Asked for a refund."
76561198364704714,Not Recommended,414340,34755487,Posted: 5 September,all,Charliε,"played almost for 4 hours, it is dull to me. There are some reasons i do not recommend this game:1.fighting system is too simple. for DMC & Tomb raider players, it is too easy. only including double clicks and bullet time.2.most of time ima looking for the symbols. however it is  worse than Hidden Folks.3.annoying gossips! though i know Senua has some problems with her minds.but, story is not bad. if u wanna play in a moive rather than watch one, u could consider buy it."
76561198047479200,Recommended,414340,34116912,Posted: 8 August,all,ItsaMobiusLife,Buy it love it experience it
,Recommended,414340,34108148,Posted: 8 August,all,Gecko,Saved data was deleted 5 times because I died too much. FYI: Don't die 5 times. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)8.5/10
,Recommended,414340,34108354,Posted: 8 August,all,Unholy,"Amazing Story!Yes, fighting mechics and movement is basic, but you will not regret to buy this game for atmosphere and story."
,Recommended,414340,34354643,Posted: 19 August,all,Exile,"Pros:+Graphics+Performance+Simple, but very satisfying combat+Mythology+Well-made puzzles+Good story+Animation and CGI+Voice acting+Really cheap compared to similar gamesCons:-Puzzles can sometimes be overwhelming-Rarely, small lag spike when ""respawning"" after dying9/10"
76561198055509218,Recommended,414340,34355890,Posted: 19 August,all,wolfclaws,"Let me say, Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is an experience!!"
76561198401469216,Recommended,414340,34355091,Posted: 19 August,all,HarryPlones,"This game has left out of the balance some stuff to give space to amazing sound and graphics quality, the gameplay is good as long as you dont get stuck on a puzzle, but other than that the combat is simple and amazing to watch and feel (I spent about 2 hours fighting the last boss because it was fun). The story is very good and the portrayal of a dark and consumed mind seems fairly reallistic to me and trust me I know how the voices sound :) They got my attention from siggraph and here I am convincing you to play it."
,Recommended,414340,34355661,Posted: 19 August,all,_-=Groove=-_,Top-notch.
,Recommended,414340,34197423,Posted: 12 August,all,Pwned,"Spoiler alert : Please Don't go, i want you to stay...One of the greatest game i've ever played."
,Not Recommended,414340,34156959,Posted: 10 August,all,Larry Chupacabra,"The game has a good strong narrative. LOVE the Viking Lore and symbolism. Its also got stellar graphics. Trouble is that the entire game plays on some of the most sluggish and annoying controls Ive ever experienced. Its like you're ALWAYS slogging through molasses.Which is a shame because the combat feels great when you start to flow through the fighting, stabbing, parryng, knocking away shields. But then you end up MASHING the space bar to try and dodge correctly and it sometimes just doesn't. So the combat slowly becomes a slog as you mash your bottons to try and get the game to react.There are some interesting ideas for finding shapes in the environment to serve as Runes to unlock gates. But that gets old super fast. Its also got an inconsistent set of logic to it. One rune might be three rocks and a tree, the other is quite literally cut out of the side of a house. So it devolves and gets boring quickly. It just becomes ♥♥♥♥ about in a pretty environment while the voices in your head tell you about Norse mythology."
76561198004076605,Recommended,414340,34115009,Posted: 8 August,all,Ninjabullets,"The sound design in this game is the greatest I've ever heard, and is the main reason why you should consider purchasing it. I understand that sounds like horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ but trust me. It's the sweetest treat to ever grace a human being's ears."
76561198053750936,Recommended,414340,34114949,Posted: 8 August,all,Bazs,"Just finished it, it was a really well-made piece of product. Absolutely worth every single dollar."
76561198044655462,Recommended,414340,34315195,Posted: 17 August,all,GrimZypher,daily strugel of women #feminismbest AAA walking simulator 2017
,Recommended,414340,34244004,Posted: 14 August,all,RaneDear™,Awesome game!Voices still running through my head.Fantastic combat and nice graphics.This game will make you a physco!Buy this game and you will not regret it.Overall 9/10.
,Recommended,414340,34244054,Posted: 14 August,all,Strange One,"Deep, imaginative, and thoroughly breathtaking, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an intense journey through one warrior's battle with Norse Mythology and her own, personal demons. Venturing through her psychosis, you are led through one tramatic, action packed battle after the next, exploring her history and innerworkings through her journey in Hell."
76561198057114765,Recommended,414340,34244273,Posted: 14 August,all,darkerosxx,"Avid gamer for 30 years. I get jaded often because it feels like the time between new and interesting games being released gets longer and longer even while there are more games being released every day than I could have ever imagined. It may sound corny, but Hellblade makes me excited for the future. This game was unique, thoughtful, tested, relatively bug-free, fun, horrific, and an all around inspiration for what good games can be. A psychological thriller like I've never played before. The motion capture used for the main character is just stunning throughout the entire game. One feature I can't mention for sake of spoilers is sensational and my M.D. wife gave the developers kudos for the devs work on it. I smiled, I laughed, I cowered, I cried, I felt inspired. What more can you ask for? A sequel.Edit to add: If you're looking for a challenge, put the combat difficulty on Auto. I found it to provide a true challenge. When I changed the difficulty to each of the preset settings, it could be placebo but I felt I either wasn't challenged enough or was too challenged. Auto found the sweet spot."
,Recommended,414340,34162569,Posted: 10 August,all,Dentyne,This game is incredible. I have been so immersed!
76561198137773847,Recommended,414340,34138365,Posted: 9 August,all,Riny Tick,WHY ARE YOU READING THIS?!?!? BUY THE GOD DAMN GAME
,Recommended,414340,34097084,Posted: 7 August,all,Slim Spady,God Damn this game is fantastic. One of the best games of the year.P.S. its has some really scary moments
76561198061455802,Recommended,414340,34107626,Posted: 8 August,all,Ragefox,"Emotional, deep, heavy, tragic, and beautiful.All of these words can be used to describe every part of this game.If you ever wanted to know what it is like for those with a mental illness involving, seeing visions and/or hearing voices, this game will give you some deep insite.No matter your taste, I would recommend this game. It is a unique experience that everyone should have. I cannot it praise enough."
76561198124482181,Recommended,414340,34215454,Posted: 13 August,all,bassmickey,"Man, women are crazy..."
,Recommended,414340,34218851,Posted: 13 August,all,Gelkor,A must play.
,Recommended,414340,34216417,Posted: 13 August,all,Das,It's worth 60$ and a season pass
76561197970767626,Recommended,414340,34217672,Posted: 13 August,all,evilbred,"Loved this game. It's a fantastic experiencial and cinematic game. Don't expect something as challanging as dark souls, it's more of a interactive movie.The acting is convicing and gripping. You become very attached to the character and the lack of any HUD or onscreen info immerces you in incredibly.The graphics are AAA quality, and the sound is beyond any other game I've played recently.If you want a challanging hack and slash, then this might not be for you, but if you like character and story driven cinematic games then this one is a tour de force."
76561198004227496,Recommended,414340,34217884,Posted: 13 August,all,mcmatte,I've played games that cost twice as much as this one and weren't half as entertaining.  Two thumbs way up for Ninja Theory.  Might just be game of the year so far.
,Recommended,414340,34217459,Posted: 13 August,all,Vallik,"Outstanding game, the binaural sound is very immersive if you are using headphones. The soundtrack is great, and can make you feel invincible one minute and helpless the next.Some words of caution though, the game is primarily a story driven psychological journey with puzzle solving and illusions and a fighting game second. That being said, the combat is quite intense, and the fact that there is a perma-death mechanic after too many failures adds to tension of each fight. You must use all your skills in combat when surrounded, timed parries, evasion, and a bullet-time mechanic called focus.There is no proper tutorial to introduce you to the various combat moves, perhaps this was a design choice to enchance immersion. A quick look at the control settings can tell you, and there is a counter-attack opportunity for well timed parries that you can execute with a heavy or light attack. You can also charge and leap with heavy or light attacks when combined with sprint, and there is a stab attack that can be done tapping sprint and light attack. These are things that I discovered while playing and aren't listed.The game is not long, I found most of the optional lore stones that tell excerpts of norse folklore stories and completed the game in 8 hours. But it was a wild ride for sure, and I loved every minute of it!"
76561198057088681,Recommended,414340,34217940,Posted: 13 August,all,TheLoadedPotato,"Hellblade is a very story driven heavy game focused on the telling of a journey as it happens. The game uses alot of psychosis to confuse and create doubt while taking Senua through her journey of Norse inspired hel.-I loved this game's narritive, loved the graphics with the motion capture of the actress's face you can really see the torment she goes though.-The combat in the game felt very on edge since this is a game with the possibility of perma-death so any hit you take you wince and suck in your own breath like your very own life is on the line.-The voices you hear while playing range from different personalities to different emotions either guiding you or filling you with doubt-Yeah its pretty linier but this was never described as ""open world"" or ""sandbox"" so that will never be a valid complaint.-A tragic story with an ending I didn't think would happen.-Better if played with headphones to get the full imersion and to fully grasp Senua's mental instability.-Short? eh it's thirty dollars more than well spent IMO-Bugs or glitches? there was only one or two times I had screen tear and one time i saw through a wall but other then that it runs fairly smoothly and my rig is no slouch by any means.-Can I mod it? No and that is a stupid question for this game.DLC future cash grab? Probly not but who knows anymore.-How are the puzzles? Not incredibly difficult but I did spend my time on some-Replayability? You would probly only play it one more time. you will get all but one achievement the first time and that last one is for collecting pieces of various Norse mythos.-Can I skip the cutscenes? No, its a STORY DRIVEN GAME-Controller mapping? Keyboard support? um no? I thinkHonestly you could buy this at $30 or $1 and it would be worth every pennyI wouldnt say this is ""game of the year"" but this would be in a top five or come back as one of those ""you have to play before you die"" or ""one of the many underrated games.So do yourself a favor and don't read anything about it and play it for yourself because the experience is truly engauging the less you know about it."
76561198216402299,Recommended,414340,34217701,Posted: 13 August,all,bananacat89,"I like it so far.It is the first game that i tried that supports Nvidia ansel . Spent around 2 hours just fiddeling with super high rez screen shots and 360 view. It is pretty insane grafics when you really stop to check it out. If you have Geforce experience and Nvidia card. You should press ALT+f2 and check it out. It is pretty gnarly. Even can take pics from cut scenes , Zoom in and out and go all around. 360 pics will be cool for the VR users.Game play so far is quite the trip. I have not done much fighting. Controls are alright. Works with my xbone joystick. Story is interesting.Wear earphones! It really enhances the experience with a good set. The surround binurial sound is fabulous in this game.For the low price of 30 bucks this is nice eye candy. Very crisp and realistic grafics. can zoom right into the pours of her face!  So for the money and the experience the game was worth it for me. I think they priced it right considering. Runs fine on my system. Barely uses my cores and my vid card don't even heat up at all.I like it. You should try. Nice game to play alone on a rainy night and get swept away into a crazy mind trip!"
,Recommended,414340,34217809,Posted: 13 August,all,Azradal,"A slow start to a very interesting and focused story.8 hours to beat the game (power gamer) with 5 deaths and only 4-5 runes left to view.Ideally play with headphones that have surround sound function.  This allows for far better immersion and really is what makes this game shine.There are a few quirks that people have had and I'll focus on them:Permadeath - Going into the game I didn't realize this was a part of this game.  I think it was very qood to enforce it early on so you realize there are consequences to not learning quickly.  I think it really pushed me to play fights conseritvely to learn my enemy so I didn't simply ""hack and slash"". It really made me focus and stressed out during larger fights with multiple oppenents.Boring start... While I fully understand what some folks have written with only 2 hours of play time.  The game really begins to shine after that.  The puzzles at the begining did tend to be a  boring but they are training you how to think for the later part of the game where you'll apply what you learned.Allot of walking... yes in the first two hours of the game this is very time consuming.  There is also allot of backtracking which irritatied me but this downtime was needed to build up the story.  You'll know what I mean when playing it and reflecting on it.  I hope they also address this with more content at some point via DLC as I'm sure this is where allot of people will drop off.  With Steams refund policy that will be the kicker."
,Recommended,414340,34217961,Posted: 13 August,all,Gwynbleidd,"An intense, emotional, and gripping narrative experience with exceptional visuals, a strong soundtrack, and what might be the best sound design I've ever heard in any piece of medium. At $30, this is a must buy for fans of immersive, mature narrative gaming experiences."
76561198085758610,Recommended,414340,34218470,Posted: 13 August,all,Fish in the water,"Северяне говорят, что это игра шедевр."
76561198166657894,Recommended,414340,34096158,Posted: 7 August,all,Mayflower45,Good
76561197985870592,Recommended,414340,34181598,Posted: 11 August,all,ebecraft,"This is a great game. The graphics are top notch. Extremely detailed and artsy all at the same time.The protagonists emotions are beautiful. You feel her pain and insantiy.The combat can be a bit much. Make sure you get a drink and a snack before you face a boss fight, because you are there for a while.For 30 bucks, I highly recommend, especially if your system can crank it up on the graphics."
76561198065909219,Recommended,414340,34832855,Posted: 9 September,all,a.a.bannai,I never knew I always wanted a game like this until I started Hellblade.
,Recommended,414340,34173237,Posted: 11 August,all,MiskaK,Looks like tomb raider had a baby with the graphics style of Horizon Zero Dawn.﻿10/10 would Sacrifice Senua's life again.
76561198093967678,Recommended,414340,34147155,Posted: 10 August,all,Reloaded,"This isn't a video game, it's a piece of art. One of the best adventure games I've ever played."
76561198011856129,Recommended,414340,34152404,Posted: 10 August,all,Firestarter,"Pros: Graphics, Cinematics, Fighting, Story, No HUD (allows for a fully immersive experience) and best of all, Random voices yelling at you.Cons: No russians yelling suka ♥♥♥♥♥Cuntclusion: 10/10 Gives you that tingling sensation"
,Recommended,414340,34241498,Posted: 14 August,all,Raging_B0n3R™,Great game 7/10 for me after you play this youll be schezophrenic for sure....not that much of replayability
,Recommended,414340,34354469,Posted: 19 August,all,Tripal,"Not particularly the bravest so I don't do well with 'terryifing' games, but this game was so good it drove me to ace it 100%.Also the effort that the developers put into this game, really shows. Worth a play"
,Recommended,414340,34354877,Posted: 19 August,all,RustardGaming,.
76561197972377713,Recommended,414340,34525614,Posted: 27 August,all,Shaderhacker,This game is the clear winner for Best Game of 2017 and is also the clear winner for Best Graphics 2017.  They have used ingenious ways to buck the typical gameplay trend and they used the UE4 to it's best implementation yet with actual photorealistic lighting and global illumination as well as highly advanced screenspace FX.  The fire textures are the best looking of any game to date.  The character model and detail surpass even the models of popular games like UC4 and Horizon or Quantum Leap.This game has clearly set a new standard!  I wish to explore more of Senua in the coming DLC and I love the special FX in the game.  Incredible!
76561198133506898,Recommended,414340,34732658,Posted: 4 September,all,A bunch of cute rocks,"Money well spent!What a game, what a game! You adventure yourself in the middle of an arcane plot, at the core of norse mithology, with nothing more than an affective desire of the heart and a mental condition called 'dementia'. Sounds like everybody's ex, but believe me, here is not the case... Every technicality in the execution adds to its greatness:✔Graphics~->  9.5.      Keywords:  adventure; fears; mystic; journey; perception; grim; Phoenix; catharsis❖Ninja Theorydid an amazing job in creating a sandboxed world in which you, alongside your fears, adventure into a realm full of mystic, that engages as a whitness in your pursue to your promised land( Ain't a spoiling brat, but I will reffer to this 'promised land' not as a physicial place, nontheless more as a grounding journey to accomplish your heart's desires, and piece of the mind). In my point of view, the camera angle is positioned very good, the focus not being the character progression, but her inner fears that reflect themselves and shape the external world. It's all about perception, and focus, you'll see... (:  .   The colours are well executed, adding to the grim shade of the experience. Overall, if we were to put it into a relentless metaphor, the universe was well executed, in order to synergize with Senua's inner silent scream, a journey in which the protagonist looks for catharsis, to be reborn from the ashes and raise like a Phoenix. At this price, common sense is summoned not to speak ill to any execution in the visual universe. If I would be asked for a contrary though, I would say that the polygonal distances, positive e.g. being Witcher 3, are pretty close and it deosn't give you the impression that it is an immerse universe.(This being just a very small and subjective observation for a con...)✓Audio~-> 8PROSKeywords: gorgeous; headphones; distorted sounds; dark✰ The environmental effects are gorgeous, as the developer urges players to wear headphones to experience thegame as it's intended.✰  The graspy and distorted sound effects of the dark characters in this game are also well executed, adding to the overall dark atmosphere.CONSKeywords: sound effect✗They could've really just simply put some sound effects for her alter personalities, to process the emision of the sound, as the voice actor doesn't seem to have a 'haunting' sound projection oh her voice, for the voices in Senua's head seem out of the picture a bit...✔Gameplay~-> 9   'Bottom' line: This is where it stands out as a hybrid between adventure and action genres.Keywords: adventure; puzzle; dwell; fighting; smooth; animations;❖ If you expect it to be a beat'em all game, take your hands off your pockets! The main etiquette for this game is namedAdventure. You will dwell around puzzling sandboxed missions, with a cherry on top, which is the fighting scenes. Fighting in this is one of the best you'll experience. It feels smooth, well coordinated, the animations  are very well executed and a funny thing is thatthe voices inside your head actually help you when you have multiple enemies and they try to basktab you, as your camera won't be headed towards them, those lil joyfull dementia personalities will warn you..The fact that it doesn't make for a RPG genre, makes the personality of the game , making it more linear(which ads to the atmosphere), in which the focus comes from internal indicators and goes out to shape the external world, not from external factors that shape the heart and the mind of our heroine... It feels like all this infrastructure of the game is very well synergized! Another great pro point is that it contains proper knowledge of norse mythology.To sum up, yes yes and yes! Buy it, play it, and enjoy it as I do!"
76561198308542323,Recommended,414340,34720647,Posted: 3 September,all,Axolytel,It is okay
76561198089916341,Recommended,414340,34170979,Posted: 11 August,all,Mookburger,photography simulator 201710/10
76561198232218228,Recommended,414340,34812961,Posted: 8 September,all,The Ranger,"If you loved the rich story telling of Spec Ops the Line, then you're going to love this game."
76561197994586670,Recommended,414340,34215918,Posted: 13 August,all,TOKOLOSE,"SCHIZO IN GAMING INDUSTRY/h1]Well I am quite split with this game. Its like I can hear voices in my head (LOL). On one side you have great visuals, awesome story and interesting combat system but on other side you have sort of repetiteve gameplay, wierd camera, uninteresting enemy variations and puzzle mechanics that are interesting exactly twice.So should I recommend this game or not? This question never been so hard. Voices telling me to go and murder puppies but I will resist.I will say yes (mean get game not kill puppies) BUT only under condition that you WILL like this hack&slash combat system and you REALY like nordic mythology. I will not talk about story here to avoid spoilers only say that it hook me on and I will looking forward to finish it one day.Over all this is briliant game that is sort of brought down by repetitivnes of gameplay and enemies that you WOULD expect in game like this. But detailed norse mythology (trust me someone did good homework here) interesting storyline and SCHIZO main protagonist (hurt your self is good for you) put this game on par with AAA titles.SO If you are fans of good storylines norse mythology like hack&slash games and can overcome slightly repetitive gameplay I will 100% recomend this to your collection. For all othersYOU WILL SUFFER IN DEPTHS OF HELLHEIM FOR NOT GETING THIS!We all must die one day :)"
,Recommended,414340,34501838,Posted: 26 August,all,4FX,11/10 Eargasm. A masterclass of atmosphere and storytelling game.
76561197997977619,Recommended,414340,34098963,Posted: 8 August,all,Real Ass,top game
76561198044038620,Recommended,414340,34402678,Posted: 21 August,all,Super1337ist,Dont freak out over the fear of permadeath. Trust me.
,Recommended,414340,34241256,Posted: 14 August,all,Kaywary,enough mind ♥♥♥♥ to please everyone
76561198045266346,Recommended,414340,34159082,Posted: 10 August,all,Harawanagangsta,"Yep, Good game, Hard to find anything wrong with it, almost want an open world Ubisoft style game with this engine and these fighting mechanics. Maybe in Hellblade 2: Jotunheim?It's brutal an Visceral as expected. The Audio mixing and atmosphere blend seemless. wish they would have used Celtic Norse language and subbed over it, The english dialogue can take you out of the atmosphere a bit, but its not a big point. Audio really makes things grating and disturbing which is exactly what its trying to do.Execution on this game is 10/10.Grand scheme of things score is a solid 8.100% down with a sequel"
,Recommended,414340,34182453,Posted: 11 August,all,CthulhuWept,"This is a mediocre game.It is also possibly the most harrowing, accurate, and sensitive depiction of mental illness I have ever encountered in any format. I finished this game roughly 5 minutes ago. I am crying.Mechanically, this is some half-baked combination of a dull puzzler and a solid action game. Thematically, visually, atmospherically, tonally, this is 10 hours inside the mind of someone with mental illness. All the self-hatred, the loathing, the constant battle with oneself. The nightmare hellscape it makes of your mind.Don't buy this game to escape those things. Buy this game to contemplate them."
,Recommended,414340,34158596,Posted: 10 August,all,Damke,Fantastic game.
76561198004711136,Recommended,414340,34182384,Posted: 11 August,all,Cmnickgaming,"This was a very good game, I recommend checking it out if you want a different experience than exibited in some other games.The Graphics were very well done, The Voice Acting & Motion Capture was superb.The Music was also goodStory was, as wellMy biggest complaint they could fix if a sequel happens anytime done the line, it would be taking out some of the puzzles that bog down the story progress, but otherwise, great game for 30 bux"
76561198052287275,Recommended,414340,34228020,Posted: 13 August,all,Harcust,"This has to be the most atmospheric, intense, gripping game I have ever played. I thought I got attached to John Marston, hah, nothing compares to my bond with Senua. She has the most realistic facial expressions and sometimes it's hard to tell you are even looking at a animated model and not a real person. I felt so connected with her, and so much part of her story. I really feel sorry for her and hope some day I can hear more of her story. I'm sad the game has ended, and her story. I've always felt music can really make or break a game and WOW, this soundtrack is amazing.I really enjoyed the combat, although I'm not a fan of slashers I feel like this combat style fit the game very well. Especially when the awesome sountrack starts to play during your battle, you don't even feel like you're controlling Senua, you feel like you're watching her battle for her life. I found myself rooting for her and yelling at her to get up, even though I was controlling her myself. I have never felt so attached to a character before.The only thing I find more amazining than this game, is looking into the development of the game. After you complete the game, watch the Dev Diaries and the option on the main menu that shows some of the development of the game. The amount of effort put into the game is unbelievable.If you pass this game up, you are nuts. This has to be the top game I have EVER played. It's unreal that the price of the game is half of AAA games when this game trumps anything I have ever played. It took me about 8 hours to complete the game but I did miss some of the lorestones. I love that this game has basically no UI and doesn't hold your hand and show you where everything is. Minus of course, the rune hints. I do wish some of the puzzels were more challenging but the focus behind this game is Senua's story, and man, is it amaizing! Thank you Ninja Theory for such an awesome experience."
,Recommended,414340,34116406,Posted: 8 August,all,Stu Pidface,"money well spent 420/10edit: Combat difficulty should never be set below medium. Easy difficulty should only be played for tutorial purposes.If you have a mid-to-low end PC you might suffer horrible FPS drops ""down to 10-15"" after the first half of the game. That, along with *cough*permadeath*cough* ruined my immersion, but still it was one of the best experiences I've had in 2017.Graphics | It's unreal 4, you know what to expectTone and Atmoshpere | 10/10Combat | 7/10 - Fluent and easy to grasp-master, yet extremely repetitive. Unexplained-undemonstrated combat mechanics that I still have no idea on after 9 hoursMusic | Holyshit/10 - GoosebumpsAudio | 10/10 - *HEADPHONES ARE AN ABSOLUTE MUST*Puzzles | 8/10 - Simple, yet confusing at times.Optimization | 5/10  - Take my word with a pinch of salt as I'm using an R7 370, but the first half was extremely optimized, yet after the first half and up until the very last level my FPS was below 15.Story | 8/10 - Disturbing, confusing, curious, cryptic, although the ending was a real head-scratcher.Controls and Movement | 9/10 - Nothing too flashy, simple and smooth controls followed by great animations. The lack of a tutorial, or a lack of key-mentioning is a downfall though. You have to check the controls for yourself on the pause menu to have an idea about it.Overall, Hellblade is a game definitely worth your money and your time, if you're willing to immerse yourself in it.Would definitely recommend it to my daughters, sons, grandchildren, grandparents, parents, relatives, friends, acquaintances, passengers, people on the bus station, my pet cat, YouTubers..."
,Recommended,414340,34285035,Posted: 16 August,all,Stance,Just play it.....
76561198079217913,Recommended,414340,34285639,Posted: 16 August,all,^4JD_Fonzo,"♥♥♥♥ing great game, honestly just buy it you will not regret it"
76561198044434010,Recommended,414340,34298438,Posted: 16 August,all,TomsThumbs,Best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,414340,34303530,Posted: 17 August,all,Macstat,"This might be my game of the year. Not cause it's a perfect game, but it might be most important game. Something that goes more towards being an art rather than purely entertainment. It presents really interesting (and disturbing) portrait of mental illness and it might be something closest experience of what people that are struggling with it actually go through."
76561198078617590,Recommended,414340,35488510,Posted: 5 October,all,drizzy corn vert,8.5/10
76561198045717822,Recommended,414340,34285144,Posted: 16 August,all,markospan,All you need is a pair of good headphones and give it a kick.The game is fantastic. Great acting. Great Story.
,Recommended,414340,34310730,Posted: 17 August,all,Penguin,gg ez pz best story eu
76561198391600813,Recommended,414340,34285267,Posted: 16 August,all,stephenthomas00,This game is amazing for its price and effort behind it.  I highly recommend it!
,Recommended,414340,34313160,Posted: 17 August,all,Master Miller,"Just buy it. It's surprisingly great experience despite all troubles devs went through, Watch diaries and you will understand. This game deserves your money."
,Recommended,414340,34421116,Posted: 22 August,all,MarurabaATX,"a good linear story driven game. no lvling, no skills to get, no open world. no need for them in this astonishing game. i dont wanna say much else as to not spoil anything besides the combat is great just like everything else. 10/10would try to get my husbands soul out of helhiem again"
76561198126558088,Recommended,414340,34201353,Posted: 12 August,all,ukuifatti,Fantastic!
76561197988456609,Not Recommended,414340,34118439,Posted: 8 August,all,GreySoul,"So I just finished Hellblade and I have mixed emotions to say the least. When I first started It felt like a pretentious walking simulator by the time I fought the boss nicknamed ""The master of Illusion"" I was feeling giddy and ready for the next battle as the nuance of the combat system were just coming to light for me but a few hours after that I was frustrated to all hell because of an area that was insta killing me with balancing on a beam and insta death from not staying in the light. All while on the highest difficulty with the threat of perma death and a game save wipe on the line....yeah that's a thing......after that I was thouroughly bored with the puzzle mechanics and the fun of the combat wore off as I could easily dispatch any foe with zero fear of death and the only fear was dying to a cheap insta kill death mechainic that was more an issue of poor game design then actual skill and I was slogging thorugh the last bit hoping I didn't die cause if I did I had no intention of replaying though 6-9 hours of gameplay...I'm not sure of my exact time as I went to get lunch with the game paused and I also watched the making of the game video that is in game which artificially added to game time. I feel like this is going to be a critical darling but story wise it is not in the same plane as Get Even which is also a budget tripple A game and is still the best narrative in a game this year. It is ground breaking for sure as a game that is tackling mental illness however it does so with such a disjointed story and mediocre gameplay that the journey was even more of a slog then the afforementioned Get Even which also lacked in the area of gameplay while it excelled in story.I feel that the combat in Hellblade while fun once you got your head around it lacked depth for the length of the game. Instead of adding gameplay systems with each boss I felt they just stuck to the metaphor of the story religiously and this hurt the gameplay. The threat of perma death made no sense as well as it doesn't fit with the metaphor of mental illness at all and seems more as a way to artificially extend the games length for people that will breeze through it on the highest difficulty because the enemies lack depth, again this could be because they didn't want any encounter to be to hard as the perma death would then put people off. I feel as though that one mechanic in one fell swoop killed the potential for combat depth and as it was an unnecessary one I hope they patch it out.I say this as someone that never experienced it and got through every enemy encounter and boss fight on hard difficulty bar one particullarly annoying area that had a puzzle that kept killing me so I cranked it down to easy so I wouldn't have to replay the game then back up to hard after I got through the stupid area where the beast was roaming....(pro tip ....if the beast is stalking you and you keep running down one path and crouching thinking the area is unreachable to light a torch it is go back to the other side of the room past the water to light it, you only need to lower the bridge then turn back)...Bottom line the gameplay is not hard, the puzzles are not hard just annoying to find.. the only things that actually killed me were...1. a small beam I had to walk across that was different from all the others in the game as the beam itself was near invisible and a beast was roaming under it so It threw off my depth perception and on top of this the controller was vibrating and the game started  artificially moving the character balance back and forth to throw you off the beam...I died once then took it really slow till I figured out you could just press focus to cheese it somewhat and light the area up...This was not a skillful thing just annoying lazy game design that again would risk ending peoples playtime with multiple deaths many hours in for no reason whatsoever...2. the afore mentioned puzzle where you had to stay in the light and light torches or an unseen unattackable beast would insta kill you with no chance of recovery. You will know when you are in the bad area because you will have to light a torch then go through a gate that extinguishes it immediately after just remember to turn back after you drop the bridge the game makes you think you can keep going that way again which would probably lead to many people dying and having to replay 3/4 of the game but you don't you turn back there and go to the opposite side of the room back past the water to light the torch from the other side. Again this is poor game design as making a puzzle that insta kills you in a game that has perma death makes no goddamn sense as you feel like a death that is not in combat is arbitrary and meaningless.I have zero reservations about spoiling these two areas because if you play with the auto or hard mode perma death rules apply so cheap deaths should not be a thing in this game which unfortuanately they are.That said the game is a total breeze to get through in combat not a single enemy or boss killed me on hard and once I figured out the focus system and parry mechanic, guard break and charge attacks it was gg for anything the game threw at me basically you can parry by pressing block at the last minute on anything but a shield bash and a boss charge or kick from enemies or weapon throw attack.  You can charge attack with left  bumper or L1 and heavy or light attack you will either do a straight charge stab with light which is faster or a heafty spining vertical swing with heavy. You can also hold L1 or bumper and run at the enemy then press the combination when you are closer. the focus button basically puts you into bullet time and lets you tear enemies to pieces with combos even repositioning mid combo say uppercutting them then dodging to the side and charge stabbing their mid air boddy or focus into a side roll by double tapping the dodge button and you will go to the side of a shield enemy to get in and attack from the side. The melee button does guard break and on anything but the duel axe wielder bosses and shielded enemies can practically be used to do infinite combos on enemies. You can also cheap enemies off the sides of bridges by doing multilple melee attacks just make sure you don't do a stabbing charge attack at a shield enemy with his back to a pit as he will lift you and flip you over every time and this will likely lead to a death and one step closer to perma death....While all these mechanics are sound and there is a point early on where they come together and to great effect they never get any additions. You find 2 weapon upgrades the whole game...the mirror that lets you do focus attacks and a glowing sword that lets you do more damage and thats it...This is a game that more than any other feels like it sacrificed gameplay to the narrative gods. I usually don't have an issue with this I love telltale games and Get Even is as earlier stated my game narrative of the year gameplay aside. However the fact that the battle mechanics were so sound and fun meant that there was potential there for a proper fun combat system they basically gave you a taste of how good it could have been and then decided to stop giving after that.The narrative while meaty did not feel as deep as the work that went into it. I saw the making of and the professors and mental health recovery people they used to consult and really appreciated what they were trying to bring to life however all that work really didn't bring me anything that mind blowing. I felt like the main character would have been far more likeable if we had played through her backstory as opposed to having it revealed through flash backs and psycosis  seeing her lose her mind instead of it being a plot reveal that was spoiled by the opening scroll warning...in the end this is  a sevicable story 6/10 with servicable game mechanics 6/10 with an amazing interface 10/10 (no ingame hud done right for the first time)"
,Not Recommended,414340,34142325,Posted: 10 August,all,Symthisis,"Terrible locked camera combat. Enemies come at you in waves and you cannot proceed without killing them, making combat forced and the combat stinks. The puzzles are repetitive and boring."
76561198100816677,Not Recommended,414340,34209199,Posted: 13 August,all,Yule,"I was thrilled about the setting and general idea of the game and found the price reasonable. Unfortunately it didn't turn out quite as expected and I had it refunded after playing an hour into the game.+ compelling game concept+ mythological background story+ eery atmosphere+ excellent voice acting+ nice graphics- I'm sorry to say, but after only a short time my eyes hurt so much from the uncontrollable camera shaking, it resulted in a headache and I couldn't stand go on playing- First impression of the fighting mechanic was good, but it turned out to feel cumbersome and very repetitive (could have lived with that, though)- No saves --> if you fail too often, you'll have to start over from the beginning - to me that's a total fun killer; it didn't happen while I was playing but the thought of it possibly happening when already far into the story was pretty demotivating"
76561198035176516,Not Recommended,414340,34114085,Posted: 8 August,all,ratkaos,This game looks and sounds great but it is the most repetitive game I have ever played.  It is mostly a puzzle game which would be enjoyable if they weren't lazy and reused the same puzzle over and over.  The limited combat that you experience is the most simplistic hack and slash I have ever played.  You first block or dodge then quick or heavy attack and then repeat until opponent is dead.  Once you kill a couple enemies you can slow time which is the only way to kill one of the enemies.  This game is great for about 20mins then its just the same♥♥♥♥♥♥different area.  This game is aweful.
76561198006630325,Not Recommended,414340,34392671,Posted: 21 August,all,Azrael,"highly overrated imo. the story kept me interested for about an hour, after that it just felt kinda dull. only reason to play this game is for the sound effects and that will only keep you for so long.the voices and sound effects were a bit creepy, for about 30 min. after that it was more a headache than enything.the combat is horrendous and for a game that supposedly has a permadeath mechanic that is a huge issue (ive read that its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but i dont much care to find out). its actually one of the things that turned me off. i just didnt want to push myself through a game which had very repetitive gameplay and combat that just involves fighting the same guy x amount of times only to mess up and be forced to restart.it draws you in with its shiny graphics and cool soundeffects, but if you look beyond that you'll see that its a very thin game.go to this spot, find the rune, fight 5 of the same guys, find another rune, fight 6 guys this time, open a big door, fight a boss. put that on loop a couple of times and you have the whole game"
,Not Recommended,414340,34435822,Posted: 23 August,all,belpie,So far I have had two bugs that would not allow me to progress in the game.I have had find saves online so I don't have to replay areas.Really disappointingconisdering it is really great otherwise.
,Not Recommended,414340,34204754,Posted: 12 August,all,AverageSpacePope,"Disclaimer: I refunded this game just before the 2 hour refund limit. The rest of the game I have simply watched elsewhere. So if that is enough for you to write this review off as nothing more then rubbish, more power to you. However, if that doesn't bother you, then please read on.Just gonna get this out of the way, I didn't like Hellblade. Before I get into why, I wanna say that Hellblade is an interesting game, not just in it's setting but also in what it's trying to do within the AAA landscape. I admire the devs for making this game and really trying to create a great product.With that said, onto the pros and cons:Pros:- Graphics: The graphics are cutting edge. The facial expressions made by the main character are extremely accurate and just show how far games have come, at least in terms of graphical fidelity. The enivroments look pretty too, with a few stand out areas here and there.- Voice acting: The voice acting is also great too. I especially liked how they meshed live action and in-game visuals together in certain scenes. That combined with the impressive voice acting and you get a great result.Cons:- Length: Okay, here is what will seperate a lot of people. I honestly, couldn't justify spending £25 on a game with only 6 hours of content. Now if said content was absolutely stellar, I would have been happy to spend that money. However, for me the content that was there was kinda dull. Why? I'll explain in the following points.- Story: A lot of people are praising this games story. Unfortunately for me, Hellblade failed to pull me into the story. I was bored throughout the first 1/3 of the game. The pace was simply to slow (which has a lot to do with the gameplay). Now I'm fine with a 100-200 hour game/experience like The Witcher 3 having a slower pace but for a 6 hour game?I didn't want to risk pushing further into the game just to end up not liking the other 2/3 (which I didn't after watching the other 4 hours online). I like the idea of Senua having voices in her head and that aspect of the game is well done but it's the parts in between the cutscenes and story sections that kills all of the momentum for me.- Gameplay: This is what killed the game for me. Now, just for the record, I find the combat okay, albeit quite repetative and average. But I don't like how most of the game consists of non-interative cutscenes and walking around. I like cutscenes and the odd puzzle to break up the action but for a 6 hour game to consist of hours of cutscenes and minutes of doing nothing... it feels... boring (at least for me).The puzzles themselves are passable. They're not challenging but they're not fun either. They just end up being really tedious, basically ""spend 10 mins trying to align enviromental objects up in such a way that it forms a shape that unlocks a door with magic"".Verdict:I liked the imagery and graphics and the way they portrayed the subject matter was very interesting. The spurts of combat were okay but, at least for me, not much else stood out. There are a few stand out scenes in the game that I won't spoil here. If you just want a short story focused game/experience that tackles a unique subject, go for it. However, if you want to make the most out of your money or if you want a game containing deep gameplay mechanics and/or a plentiful amount of content, it may be best to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,414340,34102350,Posted: 8 August,all,BlackFish_,"A very immersive, disturbing, beautiful experience.The voices say you must buy this game... try it."
76561197993396992,Not Recommended,414340,34530472,Posted: 27 August,all,blooper.blooper,Amazing graphics. Game play needs work.. requested refund.  :(
,Recommended,414340,34222536,Posted: 13 August,all,^0lletaynad,(;
76561198013676988,Recommended,414340,34115890,Posted: 8 August,all,Lucian,This game deserves better than a generic review...So I will leave it up to yourimagination!Insert how many hours I've played here.Insert random pros and cons here.Insert rig specs here.Insert 10/10 would blah-blah again comment here.
76561197968492874,Not Recommended,414340,34786773,Posted: 6 September,all,kaysee,"Seems like a perfectly good game, but I would not recommend it. I found Senua and the voices in her head to be interesting and satisfying, and I enjoyed the Viking lore. The combat is entertaining, though limited. However, I stopped playing the game after maybe 3 hours because the negatives are significant. There are two big negatives: the mouselook controls are HORRIBLE, and the linearity is more than I could take. Mouselook: as far as I can tell, you can't adjust the mouselook speed. It is obviously set for gamepad speeds, looking around to your left or right with a mouse is like trying to move through molasses. Thick molasses. I actually found myself not looking around because I really did not want to wait that long. As for the linearity, this surprised me because I usuallly enjoy games that are very linear (""on rails"") but have a good story to tell. The lack of choice in this game makes it so linear, I kind of felt like it would have been better as a game with a ""auto-play until the next puzzle or combat"" button. Other than the puzzles and the combat, this game is entirely non-interactive. There is no sense at all that Senua is a physical presence in the world. I guess I've become spoiled by games that show my footprints imprinted in the snow or dirt, or birds startled by my arrival. This is not that game."
76561198407134219,Recommended,414340,34101775,Posted: 8 August,all,chinakitty2009,I have fallen in love with this game.i can finally love again.
,Recommended,414340,34105229,Posted: 8 August,all,BodinaTheRed,beautiful game its my anniversary today so cant get to much into it but i can tell it will be interesting after first 15 mins
76561198398438414,Recommended,414340,34106258,Posted: 8 August,all,ℐ➄,"All I can say is... WOW. This game is absolutely stunning. Sound and graphics are top notch, as well as the gameplay. 10/10 AMAZING!!!!"
76561198014707483,Recommended,414340,34096616,Posted: 7 August,all,Moist Towelette,"Most immersive game I've played all year, hands down."
,Recommended,414340,34110311,Posted: 8 August,all,kirito,Really very fine game. This is the mayor creation after DMC.This game for this price. Really has the AAA quality for low cost.Fine work Ninja Theory!
,Not Recommended,414340,34155193,Posted: 10 August,all,Brackzillar,"I know nothing about the Playstation port for this game but I imagine it doesnt crash the entire system whenever you die like mine does.I really wanted to like this game because I like the idea that they were going for but from the combat sections I played I imagine it will get very very repeditive, along with the same dumb recycled puzzles. The really sad thing to me is that the game doesnt even trust the player to solve the puzzles so they give you loads of hints and have  a voice wisper in your ear on how to do it.The graphics are great though"
76561198305044934,Recommended,414340,34097501,Posted: 8 August,all,Halpert,Nice artwork :)
,Recommended,414340,34214006,Posted: 13 August,all,torvenral,"I honestly feel like this would be a better movie than a videogame. I thought this will be something Dark Souls-ish but no, it is something entirely different.- the game is quite short- the game progression is completely linear- you don't make any choices towards the story or ending- there is little to no exploration- the combat is casual- and Senua :( she could use some plastic surgery before starring in AAA game for gods sakebut+ the game is full of blood, gore, and darkness+ graphics, very impressive+ the story, although pretty simple and linear, is very good and memorable+ the overall mood is satisfying++ I loved the ending battle, very intense with perfect soundtrackWas worth it, if you are into Dark and Violent themes, you wont' be disappointed, but don't expect an open world game, this is more like a player-controlled movie.8/10"
,Recommended,414340,34755398,Posted: 5 September,all,Maverick,"Better than any ""AAA"" game I've purchused in the last five years. Highly recommended!"
76561198301190487,Recommended,414340,34266767,Posted: 15 August,all,Epicness Dragon,Psychosis Simulator 2017
76561198035364307,Recommended,414340,34100571,Posted: 8 August,all,☠ JACK ☠™,first 15 mins of gamplay. stunning graphic. Use headphone if you got one..  Buy it.
,Recommended,414340,34132070,Posted: 9 August,all,Sheriff,.
76561198021088026,Not Recommended,414340,34202786,Posted: 12 August,all,DAWNRISER,Cool story but very boring gameplay.....
76561198051082668,Not Recommended,414340,34223131,Posted: 13 August,all,TheBrogrammer,"I liked almost everything about this game, but the things I didn't like are why I don't recommend playing it yet. Buy this game when it comes on sale and is worth the amount of content it contains.Too ShortI beat the game in around 5 hours. This is only an issue because I think this is too short for the price of the game. Anything less than 10 hours isn't worth more than $20 to me. Especially since it doesn't have much re-playability or multiplayer.Very Few MechanicsAll you really do is walk around and look at things, with the occasional sword fight. The walking and looking gets boring after you solve the same puzzles over and over, and the fighting feels as though you can never lose. I was hoping for more action and things to do.Audio and Video Were out of SyncIf you followed the dev diaries you know the great lengths they went to when capturing their animations. These were stuning and I found that at times I almost thought I was watching a movie. However, about half of the time the audio for these beautiful animations was out of sync with it. Even the video that was sometimes overlaid on top of the animations had its audio out of sync - this is unacceptable during gripping cutscenes."
76561198067577860,Not Recommended,414340,34116828,Posted: 8 August,all,Hahafunnyman,"It is a very good looking game, but it is not something I personally like. I expected more of a RPG type game with a combat system that was more then just auto, auto, auto dodge, auto. It is a spooky game up there with Amnesia series.  Other then that, all in all its a good game just not my type."
76561198005432073,Not Recommended,414340,34112361,Posted: 8 August,all,Khurg,"Not fond of the letter hunting aspect of the game.  Spent 20 minutes walking around in a 6 foot circle looking for a random letter in the world and realized that this game wasn't for me.  The experience up until that point was incredible though, but the breakdown in engaging gameplay wasn't enough to keep me interested."
,Not Recommended,414340,34225513,Posted: 13 August,all,Supermaxman,"The story is interesting and the visual/audio experience is unique, but the minute-to-minute gameplay is boring. The combat is very repetitive, the camera angle/fov is annoying, and the game straight up lies to you about a permadeath mechnaic. I have always believed whatever the tutorial of a game tells me, because why would it lie? In this game, it seems like they straight up lie to you about a permadeath mechanic, which leaves a bad taste in my mouth."
,Not Recommended,414340,34145986,Posted: 10 August,all,John Wick,"Great atmosphere,musics and visuals.Good storytelling.But its just walking simulator.I am planing to finish game but that symbol finding puzzles really boring and i stoped playing."
,Not Recommended,414340,34232401,Posted: 14 August,all,johncoolman,"Stunning visuals and good sound spoiled by boring, slow, repetitive gameplay.Progression is enabled by matching runes with your surroundings.  This quite literally implies walking around until you find a particular viewing angle where the scenery matches an angular ""P"" or whatever.  There are onscreen clues which put you vaguely in the right place but they are often inadequate which makes the game frustrating.  Early on in the game, a progression consisted of find a door, find a fire statue, go back to the door, repeat several (10?) times, except that now the fire-statues are behind other doors protected by 1, 2, 3 or more (possibly, purchase refunded after 3) runes which you need to find before running back, fighting the odd wave of monsters on the way.The game (certainly early on) is constantly narrated by a dreary woman who may or may not be one of the voices in Senua's head (she hears voices) and it's just too talky for my tastes.  The combat system is shallow (not to mention that the camera often pans to behind a wall so you can't see Senua or her opponent) and there's no gradual introduction, on-screen clues or walkthrough (like in Lara Croft games) so make sure you look up the controls before playing - especially as dying too many times apparently requires you to start from scratch.All that being said, the game looks amazing (barring a number of places where images are incredibly pixelated) and runs smoothly on max settings on a GTX970 superwide-screen.I requested a refund because life's too short.  For a game addressing aspects of mental illness, perhaps it's fitting that the game drove me crazy, although possibly not in the way its creators intended.Overall verdict: This game is certainly groudbreaking in many ways. It will undoubtedly influence the industry for years to come.  Unfortunately, it's not a game I want to play.For the record, and it's a dreadful pity I have to state this, this game's shortcomings have nothing to do with the protaganist being female.  Despite repeating tired generic industry game tropes (grab this, shoot that, jump here), the Tomb Raider series is still so much more enjoyable and engaging than this."
,Not Recommended,414340,34110287,Posted: 8 August,all,Vauk,"It's slow, the combat and puzzles are the same thing over and over. It is very atmospheric, but it bothers me that I know I'm going to go to combat when she draws out her sword. Instead of being able to control that when I feel the hostility, the voices calling to you, telling you to watch out. The combat is weak at best. Enemies have a very limited move set that is very easy to dodge/evade. I believe this is due to the permadeath feature that if you die to many times it deletes your game, I would have prefered harder combat to make me feel like I might actually not make it. I understand that the later portions of the game you will go against multiple enemies at the same time, but they've included a bullet time effect to slow the combat to assist.The game just isn't for me, requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,414340,34536762,Posted: 27 August,all,TSOMAHAWK,"Hey...do you know what's nicer from cool sountracks and on point sound effetcs?FU cking psychotic ASMR.Really had high hopes for this game but having 20 crazy ♥♥♥♥♥es moaning all together and repeating the same thing for 5 minutes it's fu cking annoying.I can't tell you about the story cause i only played for maximum 1 hour.Maybe i am wrong, maybe the story becomes a masterpiece later on but for me this isn't the case.Many may find all these lunatics voices appealing and artistic but for me it's a major no."
,Not Recommended,414340,34671081,Posted: 1 September,all,xcomedian,"Dull puzzles, painfully slow movement speed through oversized, empty levels, and genuinely bad combat."
76561197977924474,Not Recommended,414340,34266426,Posted: 15 August,all,slightlylyons,"The game has an amazing story that I will never experiance becuse its combat system insists on brutally murdering you over and over even on the easiest setting. It might be learnable if the game had any sort of explination of how combat works and what you need to  do to get passed the enemies. The first enemies are easy, you will think the game is going to scale well with your ability then you will run into the first guy with a shield and be curbstomped repeatedly by a basic enemy that is harder to fight then the games bosses. It will really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off becuse the puzzles and story are amazing."
76561198020616488,Not Recommended,414340,34314418,Posted: 17 August,all,Smokes,"I see so much praise about this game.. Yes it looks great. Yes it runs smooth. Yes the story is somwhat good. Yet everyone forgets the fact that the actual game itself is BORING. The puzzles are boring. The exploration is boring.  The damn combat is boring. The different areas are pretty but yet somehow still boring. Everything i've seen before, nothing is new. I will say the cutscenes are pretty great. Yet, I also hated the fact they added real faces to cutscenes. I would go on furthermore but i'd prob get hate either way. Wait for a sale or buy it now and ride the wave."
76561198037474909,Not Recommended,414340,34517257,Posted: 26 August,all,mads,"Game that trailers a great story, but lost me 25% through with horrible and impossible fighting...Just not worth the money - I was SUPER disappointed :-((("
76561198055690813,Not Recommended,414340,34112195,Posted: 8 August,all,stefbuik,"Interesting 'n moody.Marred by ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE MOUSE CONTROL. My word! The mouse reacts utterly slow, sluggish, imprecise, and makes the parts where Senua should run through flames, or whatever, an exercice in frustration and futility. Different mice make no difference. How on earth they could ship it with that, I don't know, but it takes the enjoyment completely out of the game. They should have implemented mouse accelleration.Engine itself runs impeccable. Consistent fps, great use of light&dark. really Impressive character rendering.I'm going for a refund, though. The horrible control kills it for me.i7 58201080GTX16gig"
,Not Recommended,414340,34497020,Posted: 25 August,all,Dingus,"When i saw that ninja theory had realesed a new game that flew under my radar I was estatic... I had played heavenly sword and enslaved and found both to have great combat, graphics and storytelling. So when i saw hellblade and watched the trailer i didnt even blink, I bought the game and started the download so i could play right after work the next day.  I did some research at work that day and saw that it was more story than game, which i was fine with, until I actullay played the game. At which point i fell into a pattern within the first hour that i could easily see would be repeated throught the game.  pattern follows as such:''focus' on door, do some platforming then make your perspective line up with the symbol on the door: fight some easy enemies with a huge health pool using a basic light/heavy attack over and over until they stop.:start boss fight, once his health gets low you fight more common enemies then fight boss more....That is when i decided i wanted a refund as this game wasnt what i had hoped for, but as others have said it is a walking/story game that has bits of simplified coimbat thrown in for the trailers. many love it, I for one, got super bored in an hour."
76561198031028918,Not Recommended,414340,34591682,Posted: 29 August,all,DrHappyAngry,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.  It's pretty and deals with mental health issues in a creative and terrifying way.  The problem is the puzzles are arbitrary and the combat is a tired, janky and clunky block and counter system that feels about like a 10-15 year old console game but doesn't stand up today.  Just plain not fun, and got a refund."
76561198065647499,Not Recommended,414340,34514052,Posted: 26 August,all,Gambi,"I don´t get it.It is an interesting experience with the psychosis part ... burt apart from that the nerative is kind of lost to me. People might say ""less is more"" but it feels there is something missing here and they also introduce some story elements late into the game which might play into her psychosis but not exactly into the story which is outright confusing. I could have lived with a shorter game without the somewhat useless puzzels, too. The fighting elements were refreshing though.Anyways, it is not expensive and a somewhat interesting experience but I really don´t understand all the high praises this game gets."
,Recommended,414340,34097777,Posted: 8 August,all,Captain Heartbreaker,"best game ever, ty for this game <3"
,Not Recommended,414340,34096117,Posted: 7 August,all,🅱🅴🅷🅴🅻🅸🆃,Boring and frustrating
76561198002920220,Recommended,414340,34385970,Posted: 20 August,all,RoanK,"A heartfelt tale about a woman who punishes herself for voting Trump.Highly recommended.Edit: I feel as though I need to give this game a more substantial review.This game is a contradiction.The story is uninteresting. The premise sounds interesting. It is about Senua's inner struggles. Still, the story likely suffers from a common problem: longevity. After a while, the premise becomes less interesting and you are left with some other things.The combat is pretty meh. There are a couple scenes where dialogue is placed along with the combat and that is REALLY effective, but these moments are few and far between.The puzzles are annoying. There are maybe two puzzles that I enjoyed. (a similar number to the number of combat scenes that I enjoyed.)Yet, I highly recommend this game.It is amateurish in ways, (why do some of the dialogue lines not have a full fade in/out, creating an audible pop?) but it is hugely worth it.If I didn't know who made the game, I would write something like: This is the kind of masterpiece that only an amateur could make.It could have been an Amateur's masterpiece. But instead it is Ninja Theory's Picasso.Highly Recommended.P.S. The sound design is really interesting. They used a binaural microphone (or did they use an ambisonics mic and convert it to binaural?) and recorded in a group. At some points, they processed lightly. At other moments there is a delay, and processing on the delay (in order to keep the binaural characteristics of the recording), and there are also points when the binaural audio is heavily processed (and garsh darn, it is effective)!"
76561198024023160,Not Recommended,414340,34756681,Posted: 5 September,all,pete_juggler,"Looks fantastic and I like the premise of the game, it is just a shame it is rubbish to actually play:( I would not recommend this to anyone, I would like my money back to be honest!"
76561198169426811,Recommended,414340,34107747,Posted: 8 August,all,Oliveoil,10/10
,Not Recommended,414340,35228478,Posted: 26 September,all,chris.hasson,"No audio, dont know why.I am not the only one having issues and there doesnt seem to be any response from the people who are making money from this game?????"
76561198135990896,Recommended,414340,34098920,Posted: 8 August,all,Balacman,"""This is a gret game!""*He misspelled......he misspelled*damn doesn't he know english*poor guy even the voices in his head are roasting him*no friends"
,Recommended,414340,34095722,Posted: 7 August,all,JewishOven,FIRSTI've waited 2+ years to say this!This is my 2017 most anticipated game10/10 so far!   oooh the eye candy
,Not Recommended,414340,34227575,Posted: 13 August,all,1040,"Hellblade is visually breathtaking and audibly fascinating, but it falls apart when it comes to gameplay and story.The gameplay is incredibly slow. The combat is lackluster and there is no variety when it comes to combat. Interesting puzzle and challenge ideas are overused to the point where they are annoying instead of being fun.Hellblade tries too hard to be an accurate visualization of psychosis but forgets to make it an actual game. There is no replay value which means you can get away with watching the ""story"" on youtube.Unskippable credits at the end, no FOV or sensitivity adjuster, massive performance issues on AMD GPUs, and also TEETH.If there was one word to describe this game, it would beBLAND."
,Not Recommended,414340,34205663,Posted: 12 August,all,HibblyJibbly,"This game will appeal to a certain sort of a person. That sort of person is not me. Let's start with the positives:1. The graphics are nice.Now the negatives:1. The game plays extremely slowly. Senua's ""run"" is more like a mild jog.2. This is important because the game has perma death in it. So slogging back through all the other sections will be tedious.3. You cannot skip dialogue sections explaining what is going on. So every time you play, you have to listen to it again.4. The combat is frustrating. Your character moves like a log. You have no health bar to show you how you're doing. Enemies will sometimes surround you, but you cannot turn to face them, nor can you move away easily.5. There are constantly whispering voices that gets old very quickly.6. The slow pace of the game feels like it is used to make a small game bigger.7. The screen shot function is broken. When you try to take a shot, it blurs everything (I'm sure this will be fixed later.)8. Sound levels seem messed up.  If you place this, turn on subtitles, because you will miss monologues and dialogues to ambient noises if you don't. (And this game is supposed to be story rich, so that's a bit of a problem.)Neutral:1. There is a warning for this game about psychosis. They hired a mental health professional to review this, but you should heed the warning if this sort of thing may trouble you.Overall, this is going to be the first Steam game I've ever asked for a refund for. After 78 minutes, I realized I was just frustrated. Its slow, a chore to play, and will have no replay value. I suggest picking it up on sale."
76561198072872403,Recommended,414340,34111843,Posted: 8 August,all,THE Mexicutionare,"Game is awesome, and I love the graphics. I'm just putting this out there.... Its nice to have a game run smoothly right at launchP.S. the main character is ugly as sin, but the graphics make up for her short comings.( waits for other users to jump to her defense.)"
,Not Recommended,414340,34143184,Posted: 10 August,all,Ares,ProsGreat VisualsAwesome AudioConsSuper LinearCombat Is♥♥♥♥♥♥Ctrl to block Mouse 1 and 2 to attack
76561198396573349,Not Recommended,414340,34208571,Posted: 13 August,all,TrooperHR,"Immersion breaking within first 5 seconds of the game:  main character's hair is clipping through her back over and over and over as she is so ""realistically"" and ""seriously"" going on her mission.Poorly optimized, cannot maintain >100FPS at 1440p (or even 1080p) on a 1080Ti with i7-7700K, drops down even to 50 frames per second.Unresponsive controls, most annoying during boss fights where you want to dodge an attack and it just doesn't register. Two of those duds and you're dead, having to restart the whole boring encounter from scratch."
76561198049021420,Not Recommended,414340,34122721,Posted: 9 August,all,SheriefFarouk,"TL;DR: There is little to no gameplay. Just go watch a Let's Play.I have played the game for forty minutes. I have spent less than five minutes total in combat, and even then the combat was extremely shallow (and I set the Combat Difficulty to Hard). If you're here expecting something with the risk / reward attacks and polished combat of God of War you're in the wrong place. At least half of my play time was spent in the many (Metal-Gear-Solid-4-many) cutscenes, none of which is skippable. I'd be hesitant to call the non-combat parts gameplay, since they're extremely linear and the puzzles are so simple in both design and challenge level to be taken seriously.Save the $30 and put them towards either God of War 3 purchase or a God of War (reboot) pre-order and watch a Let's Play instead. This is a gimmick - the facial capture and performance are great, but great facial capture and voices speaking to you in the background do not make a game."
,Not Recommended,414340,34514564,Posted: 26 August,all,Randy,"Refunded after around an hour, because the game was extremely repetitive and boring. Might get better later on, but I just couldn't stand it, which is sad, since it has a lot of good things going for it. Graphics do look really good, the voice acting is incredibly good, animations are outstanding. But than on the other hand the game itself just lacks content. It's a walking simulator through narrow tunnels. You come to a big place, the always same enemies spawn, you do a riddle, repeat. This could have been so much better."
,Recommended,414340,34102620,Posted: 8 August,all,Megatron,"Placeholder for final review.So far the Intro and first five minutes I tried, brilliant! :)-- EDIT --So, after several hours playing this game, I can't really say anything negative about it. I already heard that the game is short lived(8-10h), so I would like to publicly ask for DLC, sequels, etc!Living through Senua and feeling her psychosis in our head, gives an immersion into the game, that shames many hundred million dollar AAA games.So, my suggestions to everyone:- Get the game, it's cheap and worth it!- Get a good pair of headphones (Carcharias, HyperX Cloud, etc)- Take a couple of days off and enjoy it from start to finish.Last, but not least important, take some breaks here and there, because the psychosis is spot on!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLv2h1Lf7s0E9db5rgWKrBjlzHmlKHwNK0NOTE: EA, Blizzard, Ubisoft and many other, should take a deep look on how to make games that are brilliant and that actually deserve the 59.99 price tag.. unlike the usual  - trying to be nice here - garbage we are thrown at."
76561198049577624,Not Recommended,414340,34233088,Posted: 14 August,all,devicenator,"After about 6h playing this game, or more like forcing myself to it, I have to cancel this “Game”.This is not a game, it’s more a movie. In a game, you usually have the control about everything with your character, but not in this. Details follows in the cons in a short moment.The main reason why I have to cancel this game is, it causes massive motion thickness I never had in any other game before.I would rather more cancel the game instead of vomiting over my hardware.Let’s speak about the pro and cons:Pro:-	The graphics are amazing, so the motion capture of her face.Only the video recorded sequences of such a character is more or less ridiculous, but it doesn’t matter.-	The story is good. Its new, it’s interesting, not casual.Cons:-	Motion thickness.When you just walk around, the camera is constantly shaking, like head bobbing. I play a lot of games, also third person, and I never had this problem before.When I look too long walking, I feel just dizzy or even worse.-	It takes the control.When I try to climb a ladder, when I “focus” and stuff like that, the camera decides to take control by itself. Very often I saw myself saying “Look there, dammit, not there, THERE”.It’s a game, not a movie.-	The character aligns to the camera and not opposite. We all know it from games like Tomb Raider, or even Dark Souls. When you look with the camera somewhere around, and then move the character, the camera smoothly aligns back to the characters look. But not in this game, there the characters walk where you look and starts strafing.You cannot run in one direction and look to another like in every other game. It was quite annoying all these 6 hours I played this.-	No feel of the character. You’re supposed to feel with the character. Suffer with her and so on. But since her voice is English all over and I have to read the Subtitle, I don’t get into any connection with her. This leads me to-	The annoying voices. This is a game design, to show her sickness, her “curse”, you nearly all the time hear the voices in her head (Yes, I played with headphones). But since they are also English only, I get just annoyed by them quite fast.It’s not that I don’t understand them, I just don’t feel with her because of the different language to mine. She just stays a stranger for me I don’t care about.-	Not all buttons can be configured easily.In the settings, you can config the buttons for attack, running and so on, but not for “focus” and “Healing”. This is fix and can be changed only by manually edit the user config files. Just what the hell…-	The camera is way too close to the character.I think this was also a design decision, but for me a very bad one. Since she all the time stays a random stranger for me, I don’t want to be such close to her, I want to enjoy the surrounding and look. This is not really possible while she hides 30% of the screen with her body.We are able to change the FOV by editing a config file, I tried out, but then we get kind of a fish-eye, and this makes the motion thickness even worse.In general, this game is, except the graphic, a use disappointment for me and it will lay on the pile of failed purchases."
76561198004261412,Not Recommended,414340,34239072,Posted: 14 August,all,crap-man,"cons:-too short for the money-ai too easy-repetative-u cant look up or down, just a bit-too linear-after credits it stucks in a black screen. i needed to ""alt + f4""-too much, too long movie sequences-too much parts just running-looks like it wants to be scarry but if u r not easy scared it will fail-not worth playing a second timepros:-looks good-if u get easy scared and like it, it will serve well, i think-battle system is ok, but i wrote about the ai=(-i think the game idea is quiet goodfor like 5-10 € or $ it would be a ok/good game and if horror/psychological is one of ur most fav. games maybe even 30 is worth it. but i would recommend to wait tills its gotten cheaper."
,Not Recommended,414340,34876420,Posted: 10 September,all,Nito,"Game is broken for some people, me and others can't get pass a door after the second puzzle because it won't open"
76561198007239918,Recommended,414340,34107419,Posted: 8 August,all,Spills51,Chick is a Loon.9/10
76561198067936006,Not Recommended,414340,34597242,Posted: 29 August,all,dxhaacke,"The game is amusing. The concept is symbolic and meaningful I get that, but wow is it slow and boring. It is so linear and restricting, and once you figure out the combat it is so easy. Where you can go and what you can do, at the speed you can do it is so restricting it drove me crazy. You can't even jump over a rock at knee hight, there is always one path to follow. Just no options. If you like the story aspect of games more than directly influencing how the game is played go right ahead, it's a decent story. However, if you like games that are action packed and open, you will either hate this game or be irritated at the least.I do not dislike this game because it is ""bad"". I just want different things."
76561197984536710,Not Recommended,414340,34879680,Posted: 11 September,all,tAk,"This title is a 10/10 in terms of visuals. From the settings, wich are a real delight, to the characterization and the flawless acting - the actress responsible for the main role (Melina Juergens) deserves all my congratulations. The theme of mental illness is brilliantly  and sensibly depicted.Having stated that... This title is the most beautiful and emotionally deep... boring game I've ever played - and a side note:  my favourites include Dear  Esther, Gone Home and Everybody is gone to the rapture.Finally... Permadeath doesnt help setting a more active tone to the game: other than that, albeit probably depicting accuratelly the desperation of a subject knowingly submerging in madness and sorrow, it feels mechanical and artificial - specially when contrasted with the other aspect of the game, the puzzles. It almost feels as if the combat aspect of the game was inserted in the title only as a way of trying to connect with the mainstream gaming audiance, did it work? I dont know."
76561198236035056,Not Recommended,414340,34424419,Posted: 22 August,all,thelastraver,"this game has just made it self broken, what a waste of money."
,Recommended,414340,34107540,Posted: 8 August,all,Danken55,While this game really good plus  like how they dont show u how play the game and learn it on ur own tell pause it show it but only saw that later but didnt look at the whole thing but anyways made video of it also game runs really while and fights so different then most games i playedi give this game great reiew only thing gets annoying when she hear voice on her head but some what funny also and most up when they say things but other then that game runs perfect for me. Plus boss fight really good but not going lie got hit sometimes but they look easy with out getting hit but what scary me most when start the game if u fail whatever forgot what it say when had face 2 boss crow and fire guy but made u feel dont want to mess up or fail way made u feel. At beginning of the game like dead space when put this on hardest lvl if u die start all over again but i give this game thump up reason look really nice and movement good and way she looks at u while talking like ur there. How game play is really good. How i feel of the game so far and how i have not seen no bug unless like one that some reason fall and got stuck ones. BUt other then that no glitch nothing game came out really good. Keep good work devs.
76561198031828835,Not Recommended,414340,34248928,Posted: 14 August,all,Smackk,FOV is too low and camera shake gives me a headache almost instantly. Refunded for now.
76561197985286990,Not Recommended,414340,34408401,Posted: 21 August,all,Dickbutt,"This game, so far seems absolutely fantastic. Unfortunately, it's also seriously broken by a bug which causes the game to freeze on a black screen after death and results in my computer completely locking up, requiring a hard reboot.This should not have been released with a game-breaking bug such as this."
76561198068596525,Not Recommended,414340,35030453,Posted: 17 September,all,xanost,"Not much of a ""game"". The first hours were enjoyable but then it felt dull with everything (enemies, puzzles) repeating itself in different locations. The story was well done, but did I enjoy the game? No. Did I have to force myself to finish it? Yes. Did I want to play this game anymore? Nope."
,Not Recommended,414340,34984727,Posted: 15 September,all,BagelsOnMonday,"I don't often review games, but I felt I needed to voice my experience with Hellblade.Hellblade is a brilliant game mired by poor quality assurance. It runs great, the combat isn't too deep but is satisfying, other game mechanics are overall very well thought out, but I'm near the end of the game and I can't finish it. There's a puzzle that is glitched (a brazier that should be lit but isn't). I might be able to make it though blind but how many tries do I have left before the sickness spreads all the way and my file is erased? (This game has permadeath)It's a month after release and the game has been patched but there are still game breaking bugs. It was bad enough that I had to spend ten minutes or so trying to open a door on two separate occasions because the in-game triggers weren't working properly.Had I never encountered any issues, I'd have probably wholeheartedly recommended this game but now I just feel cheated."
76561198003258752,Not Recommended,414340,34779597,Posted: 6 September,all,nicaw,"The story and visuals are great, but this ""game"" lacks any sort of meanigful gameplay."
76561197960778532,Not Recommended,414340,35146254,Posted: 23 September,all,mustard,"Clunky, boring gameplay punctuated by brief moments of clunky, boring combat. The wonderful visuals aren't enough to deadlift this game above mediocrity."
,Not Recommended,414340,34197631,Posted: 12 August,all,[fartøy]raserbil,"Very nice voice acting, main character has master-class animation and extremely detailed modelling.The setting is fantastic, and the atmosphere is top notch.The story is probably realy amazing, but I'm afraid I will not be able to experience it all.This is why:The gameplay is based upon the same ""on rails"" mechanic as the first Mass Effect title.An understatement would be that the gameplay is linear. Linear to such an extreme that it sometimes feels like you are playing a dungeon crawler which has one single narrow corridor.Most of the time spent in the game you are a passive onlooker. I found myself itching to do something, to be in control of something. To be a part of something.The combat system is simple and frustrating at the same time. It feels like some third party unseen force has more control over the combat mechanics than the player has.All in all, it feels like the game has a really great story to tell, but the telling of it is impaired by one dimensional gameplay, a sub-optimal combat mechanic and to many cut scenes.I would hesitate to give this game more than 5/10.I cannot believe my favorite game reviewing site gave it 10/10.10 out of 10 should be reserved for unicorns; flawless titles that revolutionize the genre."
76561198033223238,Not Recommended,414340,34376961,Posted: 20 August,all,Wasted,"This game is just seriously weird. And I'm not talking about the Senua hearing voices. The gameplay just doesn't make sense.Like most unreal engine 4 games, the game is stunning in graphics. I really liked how the environment changed once you killed a boss- from dark and rainy and hellish it went to bright, sunny and beautifull.The game starts and you are looking around and taking in all the information. Then its a long long walk before you get to interact with the world. You get the first symbol puzzle. Without much of a hint, you spent 15 minutes running around until you realize there is a weird noise when you look at a wall and boom, it's solved. This puzzle mechanic then continues on without much being added to it, other than the gates that change the word by adding a bridge or removing a wall.There is also combat, I like how the buttons are not explained in a forced tutorial, always hate that. You do however spent the first 3 to 4 hours of the game fighting the same type of enemy. Hes either alone, with a mate or with 2 mates. Thats the first 3 to 4 hours. Other than that, the combat is fine, not everything has to be dark souls.Then there is a fire mechanic. To open certain doors, you need to find a symbol, look at it and the world temporarily transforms into fire and smoke. You need to reach the door before the fire kills you. Feels a bit out of place and is more of trial and error than a real puzzle.And then there is the issue of phasing. You'll be in a quite forest, being annoyed by the repetitive voices that Senua is hearing, figuring a puzzle out, then theres fire and smoke everywere, I thought we were doin'symbols? After the game punishes you for being too slow during a fire sequence, you get attacked out of the blue during a fire sequence. Now what? Run? I'll die if I stay right? Nope. No fire death this time. So you are attacking some dudes, they hit you, the voices nag on Senua.. Time for some slow story bit right? Commence more voices. boom, now there is a boss, good luck. What happens after the boss? Idk, maybe some more symbols?Maybe this works for some people but not for me. The game feels kind of shuffled from a random deck of mechanics and phases. I never got the feeling that the game really started or got a feeling of a direction I was working towards.I bought this game because of the phsychosis part, I think they did a really good job of making a mentally ill character in Spec ops: The line. Hoped to Get a simular experience and learn more about how people with psychosis experience things and maybe I did but just didn't like it. Or maybe the game is shallow and feels unfinished."
76561198052567657,Not Recommended,414340,34157230,Posted: 10 August,all,mmk1997,"the game is fun, challenging w lots of puzzle content.The Game has glitches atm that make it impossible to finnish.  Hopefully they will be addressed and fixed since it is a new game.  This game would be a great choice once the hidden bugs are fixedThe glitch I ran into was after the 2nd or 3rd door there is a gate key to activate a hidden wall/pank bridge  If u climb the ladder and run down the wall to the 2 planks you stop suddently and are not allowed to  walk on the planks even thou the wall is intact.  I ran around for an hour resetting and playing with different pathways to see if there might be a hidden switch somewhere also rebooted the game twice and nothing helped.  If the game was playable thru then i would definately recommend it."
76561198091375674,Recommended,414340,34096271,Posted: 7 August,all,inces5ant,Genius. Creative. Beautiful.
,Not Recommended,414340,34103671,Posted: 8 August,all,g4m3 sh4rk,"Do you recommend this game? It's a bit different then, ""Is this game bad?"" Niether question would be answered with a yes. Hellblade has done something so remarkably different that it is both wonderful and absolutely terrible. The game has such a rich story, and deep seeded lore. I found myself constantly looking for runes which give the player a little bit of norse mythology intwined with the games story. The combat is about as simple as it gets, however that simplicity lends itself well to the gameplay, similar to the way dark souls combat is simple but immensly satisfying. Did I forget to mention how beautiful this game is? Yes, yes I did, because what game wouldn't look amazing if it was trying to hit a triple a mark. Thats not important but what is important is the good and the bad. We've gone over the good, what about the bad? There are segments in this game that are uterly ruined by the games poor movement. The very clunky move set, which is present throughout the entire game, will be a basis of frustration for a ton of people. Also, the combat system tends to suffer from poor responsiveness. My enemy and I swing at exactly the same time, my enemies blow lands first and knocks me to the ground. It isn't really that big of a deal but having to play around moments where I should have been able to attack but couldn't, takes from the atmosphere and replaces fun with frustration deminishing what should have been good entertainment. The last thing I want to touch on was the length of the game. It is substantially longer then I thought I would get for $30 dollars. However, if your on the ropes about this one, wait until its onsale."
,Not Recommended,414340,34270756,Posted: 15 August,all,[ZSU] ScottyDontNZ,"Most overrated game in a long time. It has a few good points like the story, sounds, music and character detail and lighting but thats about it. The cons, very poor texture work, clearly made for console. Terrible puzzles, all you do is line up objects with your line of site and it opens a door. Combat is simple and pretty boring. The world is pretty static, sure things blow in the wind, but you cant interact with anything. Dont go into this expecting a exicting game filled with deep combat and fun. This is the game, walk for 10 minutes and line up objeacts to unlock a door, fight a couple demons for 2mins that appear out of thin air, then walk again. I think because its a cinimatic, arty type of game its cool to say you like it. I'm glad is was not very expensive."
76561198059638499,Not Recommended,414340,34199105,Posted: 12 August,all,SigniorDildo,"Mechanics are clunky, story is dull - and Christ! - the incessant whining voices! I could stand this otherwise beautiful game for all 81 minutes."
76561198022056913,Not Recommended,414340,34099304,Posted: 8 August,all,Taromis,"Camera always way too close, it's like playing as if you're constantly looking at your nose. The combat is horrible, just LMB spamming, no strategy, no reason also, enemies just randomly spawn without anyone knowing what's going on. The ""voices"" were a cool story-telling tool, but they will not shut up and always repeat themselves. But the worst thing: If you die too often it's game over, completely game over. Who ever heard of such a thing? Are you joking?"
,Not Recommended,414340,34149764,Posted: 10 August,all,Baahubali,"A dramatic atmospere ruined by sluggish gameplay that boils down to aligning symbols to open doors and looking through portals so that you can better align the symbols to open doors. Combat that have you locked in place with minimal movement with the focus on ""hitting parry so you can spam strong attack and win"". To be fair, I only played the 2 first hours up to the first boss.You will enjoy this if you are into games that wants to tell a story, with large sections of gameplay just being filler to pad out the game length."
76561198075969022,Not Recommended,414340,34113681,Posted: 8 August,all,Mike,"Finished the beginning and a first segment with a boss fight.It looks great(still has the console draw distance for decals shadows though? Why is this a thing? There should be options for that) and the audio si nice but there is far too little gameplay here.You see the environment around you but can't move around(jump/climb) where you want even thoug everything looks in reach and it's pretty frustrating. The fights are basic at best and are drawn out too much as to make the game last longer, it feels that artificial. They're not a bad thing but you can see they tried hard to make the game last longer.The puzzles are simplistic and the voices are sometimes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(lol I know, but still they say the silliest of things sometimes, maybe they needed to tone them down a bit). Also the quests are on rails, you have to approach the progress  door in order to fire an event that will allow you to trigger the puzzle in the area, if you follow basic logic and try to find what it is you're supposed to do before approaching the locked door... you'll end up wandering around for a half an hour like me.Also while there are many videos showing the technology that went into animating Senua, there are oddly some cinematics/sequences where Senua's face is stiff like they used the mocap only for the later parts...So not really that thought provoking, more boring and tedious and this is from someone who likes walking simulators(Gone comes to mind).At any rate this is 20 bucks worth of game at most.Will finish and update review but I'm convinced it's more of the same."
76561198016267568,Not Recommended,414340,34129428,Posted: 9 August,all,Rastafarian_Targaryen,"gameplay is very boring and constant whispering gets on the nerves. Well not my type of game. (THAT MEANS THAT I DIDN`T LIKE IT, it doesn`t mean that you would not like this game)"
,Not Recommended,414340,34156297,Posted: 10 August,all,Chorchef,"Good fight and exiting, but boring puzzle. Can't stand for it."
76561198021173505,Not Recommended,414340,35278401,Posted: 28 September,all,kingthamus,"Great movie. Nice story. But there's no game here. It's just a linear story the ""player's"" choices have zero impact on. In fact, there are no choices to be made whatsoever, no strategy to consider, no consequences to avoid, and no alternatives to weigh. You just push buttons to progress the story. Oh, sure, there's some combat and some puzzles, but they don't make any difference. You just have to go through the motions to get to the next scene in the story. They feel like an afterthought, plot devices if you will, which only serve to break up the inexorable narrative. Call it an experience, but don't call it a game. As an experience, it's well done. As a game, it's...not. And it's buggy as hell."
,Recommended,414340,34107414,Posted: 8 August,all,Black Phillip,Whoa
76561198133520114,Not Recommended,414340,34449975,Posted: 23 August,all,steveheery,Nice game but poorly optimised crashes when I die every time.  have yet to find a solution and it ruins gameplay.Might see if i can get it elsewhere
,Not Recommended,414340,34180643,Posted: 11 August,all,izzy,"I really dont get the hype, the visuals are okay not as great as people are talking about. Gameplay is medicore you have to solve puzzles and all you need to figure out is where to stand the fighting meachnics are simple as it can be nothing ground breaking.As for the bugs suttering in some areas not as bad that it effects gameplay to the point where you don't want to play running a gtx 1080 getting around 60-80-fps on max settings at 1440p which isn't that great for a 1080 to begin can use some optmaization and bug fixes."
76561198147328512,Not Recommended,414340,34135353,Posted: 9 August,all,BalognaTugboat,"Action is clunky and she moves SOOOOo slooowwwwww.It is mostly a puzzle type game and a good portion of the game is comprised of cinematics (which are amazing).  The style in which they portray the psychosis of the character is extremely well done and the shiniest part of this game.  some people will love it, but I need more consistant action and a character that moves faster than a tortoise"
76561197974651494,Not Recommended,414340,34141461,Posted: 10 August,all,Iskariota,"For a ""story-rich"" game, this onetells you how you're supposed to feel, instead of making you feel anything meaningful at all. What I ended up feeling, was an impression that somebody loved Dear Esther and desperately wanted to upgrade on its premise while also trying to appeal to the more mainstream crowd by not making itjusta gorgeous walking simulator. Plus, the intro sequence with credits makes sure to let you know that this game was written with the help of Medical and History advisors. So once more I'm being told to feel something, in this case: ""Feel that our story is serious! You see? We've had professionals on board! FEEL IT!"" Yawn.16 minutes in, there was no hook on the story, only visual spectacle. That's even more striking, since during those opening 16 minutes there was a practically non-stop narration, whether triggered automatically, or by looking at some obelisk. 16 minutes in I was ready for a refund and requested one promptly.The game ran perfectly smooth and at full details in 2,5K resolution on i7 6600, 16GB RAM and a GTX970."
76561198083818227,Not Recommended,414340,34131453,Posted: 9 August,all,blue--ink,From what little I have experienced of the game so far I can say that it looks beautiful and the haunting voices at every turn are a fantastic touch.Unfortunately the game crashes on me constantly to the degree that I've been totally unable to be immersed in the story and feel of the game. I decided that instead of pushing through this problem I'd refund it and but it again after a couple of updates. 3 complete system freezes in just over 1 hours game play is obviously not a good sign. I would love to be able to recommend this tittle but thanks to Steams poor customer service if someone started to get the same bug as me after 2hrs 1 minute Steam would refuse the return so at the moment it's not recommended.Hopefully I'll re-purchase one day and change this review for one which is more in depth.
,Not Recommended,414340,34196502,Posted: 12 August,all,doc.ames,"I've only played three hours at this point but I really haven't been enjoying it that much. Looks absolutely gorgeous but there's not a lot of gameplay here and I'm bored already. Feels like a walking simulator where you wander down the linear path, fight some dudes, do painfuly boring rune ""puzzles"" (have to find a shape in the environment, see Highlights for Kids magazine), rinse, repeat. The combat is pretty fun (perhaps a little shallow though). This feels like more of an experience than a game.I'm sorry. I know a lot of people like this game but I think it kinda sucks. I have three hours in but I requested a refund. If I don't get the refund I'll probably play it at some point using walkthroughs for the rune ""puzzles"" because I have no patience for that."
76561198083366021,Not Recommended,414340,34254002,Posted: 15 August,all,Señor Supremo de los No muertos,"After finishing the game, here's my final impression:Pro:-great visuals-perfect voice acting, especially Melina Juergens-good presentation of psychosis-next level mo-cap-loreUndecided:-story itself is not great, but not terrible.-Xbone controller randomly freezes the game, but also the entire pc until you disconnect it wich might be a microsoft issue as xbone controllers have a lot of issues on pc.Con:-puzzles; very bland puzzles. I.e. Look at this in this angle and you unlock this, look for said runes in a random angle to unlock that door, etc...- forced walking simulator: i.e. parts where you have to limb or walk through a hallway, wich could have been a cutscene, yet you still have to hold down forward for a minute or 2.-Combat:- unresponsive controls: dodging works randomly; i.e. sometimes you just strafe, sometimes you roll away. Blocking isn't responsive.- camera angles: if you get surrounded by enemies near the map's edge you basically can't evade any attack, nor can you run away. Senua becomes invisible and as the final bridge you cross before hela, your view constantly gets blocked by the chains suspending the bridge.- autolock: you automatically lock into random enemies; you can switch between them but you can't unlock your aim to run away etc...Tl;drGoodlooking game with great voice acting, an ok story with mediocre puzzles and below average combat."
,Not Recommended,414340,34201460,Posted: 12 August,all,Götterdämmerung,"The game suffers some serious drops in fps after a certain point, and it doesn't get any better for the rest of the game.  The first few hours I had a good framerate (between 60 and 70 fps).  I have an AMD card (R9 390), and I'm not sure whether it's an AMD-specific problem.  I really liked the game, though.I'd wait for a patch before buying."
76561197989718079,Not Recommended,414340,34160583,Posted: 10 August,all,Brauraurau,If you die the game loads with you already in the fight.   You take several hits before the game finishes loading.  Incredibly frustrating.  Especially considering the games mechanic in which you must restart the entire game if you die too often.
,Not Recommended,414340,34189331,Posted: 12 August,all,Rant,"Spoiler Free Quick Review:Satisfying combat which becomes repetitivePoor pacingFantastic visuals ultimately scarred by poor implementation of post-processing effectsCringe-worthy FMV implementationDecent puzzles which, like the combat, become repetitiveGreat audio processing and implementation of virtual 360 degree surround sound let down by poor quality VOs and sound effects leading to audio crackle at certain pointsOnly ever died from glitches when playing on the hardest difficultyWhile I usually despise auto-save checkpoint systems, which this game uses, it has enough of them that you can feel free to quit at anytime without losing much, if any, progressStrong story and loreWeak dialogueSpoiler Free Quick Overall Impression Upon CompletionA game that isn't quite horrible, but isn't quite good either. I would advise against buying it, which is unfortunate because this is a game that I love so much of... but hate so much of as well.Spoiler Free TL;DRI love sushi. I'd refuse to eat sushi sprinkled with a little poo. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is sushi sprinkled with a little poo."
76561198042462283,Not Recommended,414340,34230107,Posted: 14 August,all,Draconian93,"not sure how this made it to a very positive review, but just isn't a game for me. not sure if i am the only one that finds this to have to much talking in it but it does have loads of mystery. only one path to fallow, not an open world game. this game should have demo, but not sure how that can fit in, well if you purchase you will see what i mean. stay to the path because there absolutely no where else you can go."
,Not Recommended,414340,34873675,Posted: 10 September,all,deborah,"I've played this game long enough to absolutely hate it.I've read up on combat. I've set the combat to ""easy."" I'm still getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked battling Valravyn. After eight or ten attempts, I got to the point where time slows for me, but I apparently still died before I could finish him off. Nothing in the game prepared or trained me for this boss battle. It's just off the scale from the battles that came before it. I'm so sick and tired of this fight and I hate the combat so much, I can't do it again. I'm barely into the game, and I just can't face there are going to be more and more of these increasingly difficult and tedious battles. ""Easy"" combat should let anyone get past the combat with a couple of attempts.I didn't buy this game as a combat game. I just wanted to get through the story. Everything from the story premise to the artwork style to the graphics is unique. I'm heartbroken."
,Not Recommended,414340,34217824,Posted: 13 August,all,CXZman,"I cannot recommend this game.But let's start with a love letter. I love the work of Ninja Theory. They ♥♥♥♥ing care about their job. They ♥♥♥♥ing care about their games. DmC was an awesome take on the Devil May Cry license, extremely well narrated, with a spot-on gameplay feeling and an outstanding harmony in visuals, music, sounds and action. I couldn't wait for their next beat'em all and was very glad when Hellblade was announced.Well first of all, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice hardly delivers on the beat'em all part. I admit I may have been expecting too much fighting without really reading about the game beforehand, but that's not the problem here. Combats are tight, interesting, demanding, and YET, the game's not delivering. Why ? Because though there are only few combats in the game they mostly happen NOT when you would expect them to happen. Combat seems like an excuse for the game being a narrative experience in Hellblade. It feels like they were afraid the game'd get boring so they threw in a couple of fight here and there to wake us up. But it never felt, up to when I stopped playing it, that any of the combats I fought were legit.When I say ""legit"", I mean that this game talks about the heroin's fight against psychosis, and NONE of the fights felt like I was fighting myself, or some illusion, or anything unreal. None of these fight actually fit in the groove.So... ok. Too bad they've failed at making these combats a strong part of the game experience, but that's OK. This game is not about sword fighting really. They could have just not coded them and most of what makes this game awesome would still stand.'Cause despite not being able to recommend this game, I can still realize how awesome it is. The art direction is very strong, researched and coherent. Game's mood is handled with finesse. Sound design is a whole masterpiece of its own. And Melina Juergens, OMG, what have you done to yourself?! They've turned their video editor into a bleeding and screaming drama actress! WTF is wrong with you guys?! It's awesome!All of this is great, but I can't recommend the game, and that's pretty much it for me: I can't recommend the GAME itself.Movements in the environment are taxing. Slooow, even when running. With ""walking simulators"" I tend to try and enjoy the landscape, the experience. I tried to do the same here and it was fine, but only up to the point where it started not being so surprising anymore. Then I started to run but then it downed on me how sloooow the game really was. You take a looooong time to do anything in the game. Most puzzles are quite fast to solve in your head, but the actual execution is damn too slow.Also, the camera placement is only partially controlled with the mouse. You can look nearly anywhere around you... but NOT when moving around. It's the first time I ever get sick while playing a third person videogame because the game keeps on leveling my viewpoint each time I start walking. I still can rotate and look around, but only on the horizon, which is a BIG perception dissonance between what I see and what I do with my hand.Note : for scale purpose, I NEVER get sick in VR, but this game's camera actually managed to make me sick.But worst of all, and that is, again, the biggest mistake a ""walking simulator"" can make : they never really explain anything to you, the player. They forgot they were making a game, and that there would be players. It took me five fights to realize that Focus had a STRONG role in combats. It took me eight fights to realize that I could kick opponents to try and stun them. How come?! Why do we STILL believe we can afford the false luxury of NOT explaining players how to play? Why do we keep on believing that writing text on screen is ugly and dirty?Also, because combats and explorations are so different, you fail at guessing when you're in danger and when you're not. The game lets you know that if you fail too much times, darkness will engulf you and scrap your save files (which is, by the way, told to you in plain text and this is GREAT, because I now know that rule! see? that wasn't that painful...). This explanation happens just after you lose your first combat. One can only conclude that you shouldn't die in combat, right ? Wrong. Sometimes you have to not wait too long standing. Sometimes fancy visual FX are your enemy. Sometimes you stepped on water, but not the right kind, whatever that means, and you're dead.So, OK, they just forgot how to make good games. It wouldn't be that big of a problem if you could at the very least expect to learn the dangers at your own pace. It doesn't bother me that some FX actually warns you about an upcoming danger...But remember : if you fail too much, you WILL start the game from the beginning. And that is unacceptable. I can only accept such a feature if the game puts all the responsibility of losing in my sole hands.If I have 100% game information in mind, take my time, wonders, then act, and still repeatedly make the wrong choices, I can totally accept that the game will scrap my saves. It puts pressure on me, of the good kind.If I don't even know how to play the game, if new forms of danger jump on you without even giving you time to learn how they look like and how to somewhat avoid them, and then if I am promised that ""failing too much"" like that will end up scrapping my saves, well guess what? I'm not thrilled by it!And then it would still be kind of OK with me... if the game wasn't so damn SLOOW. I now know that if I die a couple of times more in the situation I'm in, it won't cost me 2 minutes like each time I lose, it'll soon cost me 4.3 hours. And even then, I would still don't know HOW to STOP dying all the time! So I don't even have the guarantee that when I come back to the point I was, I will prevail. Why would I even bother spending the time to try again?But you might say that starting a new game might be the opportunity to enjoy another round of awesome visuals and nice acting. This would be true, but the story never proved to me that it wasn't absolutely linear. Starting a new game doesn't feel like it would be anything close to rewarding.So here you are : if these problems don't concern you, if you fancy slow, long, exploration, and if you don't mind losing 4-5 hours of your time each time the game won't tell you how to play, just go for it.Otherwise, wait for their next game. They've proven they can do much better than that, so let's give them another chance later."
,Not Recommended,414340,34239299,Posted: 14 August,all,malezoltekrety,"I really wanted to like this game, but it's impossible because of the glitches. I unlocked the doors by finding the runes, but they wouldn't open, so I had to exit to menu and start the sequence again. Next time I found the rune, but focusing on it failed to collect it. On top of that, the gameplay on easy level should be easier, for people who just want to enjoy the plot and the beautifull graphics."
76561197995697520,Not Recommended,414340,34296840,Posted: 16 August,all,stakir,"Aesthetically this is an A+. Graphics, animation, atmosphere. Ninja Theory has always been better at aesthetics than mechancis, but this time I guess they decided to give up and not even try on the mechanics side. The game has one enemy, and you just have to keep fighting clones of him. The matching puzzles get old. The schizo Orpheus story is not that interesting that you want to suffer through this. Disappointing followup to DmC."
,Recommended,414340,34136076,Posted: 9 August,all,dnagel84,"So far, it's a masterpiece.Incredible graphics that are almost real, sound is mindblowing (when using headphones as it suggests).Some elements for me are terrifying and really get my heart pumping.But just a few small cons:1. It's very linear. I can't see myself playing this a 2nd time. If it were open world, it'd be incredible.2. Female main character. Same reason I never fully got into the Tomb Raider series. Just can't justify playing a female warrior fighting massive, male enemies (would never happen in reality).3. Fighting so far is incredibly tedious. Enemies are way too predictable and easy to beat. But I'm still early into it and that may change."
,Not Recommended,414340,34429001,Posted: 22 August,all,-=HBW=-HiradGorgoroth,Extremly annoying combat . Very repetitive and not fun at all . Avoid buying this game at all costs. Do not be fooled by ads
,Not Recommended,414340,34316009,Posted: 17 August,all,KarateKite,"Refunded because of performance problems on my 980 Ti. The game hitched and stuttered frequently, both in and out of combat, and sometimes froze for a few seconds at a time."
,Not Recommended,414340,34180713,Posted: 11 August,all,[Ga-Me] Ketaro,"bad optimize with AMD RX480 in chapter 10-11chapter 10-11 run 15-16 fps (settings low-very high / GPU Used 30%)other chapters run 55-60 fps (settings high / GPU Used 80%+)am try driver 17.7.2, 17.7.1, 17.6.2 still have problemsif you use RX480Do not buy this gameThis video have problem (Start having problems 2 hours 45 minute)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLZKEnMqEak"
,Not Recommended,414340,34841215,Posted: 9 September,all,Skellious,"Story: 3/5Atmousphere: 4/5Gameplay: 2/5Puzzle complexity: 1/5Frustration Level: 7/5One Line Summary: Bronze Age Lara Croft Goes to Hell to find her Dead Boyfriend, Accompanied by the Voices in her Head and Plenty of Acme Brand Invisible Walls™.Outstanding Graphics, Brilliant Atmousphere and Excellant Sound design (though if, like me, you can't stand whispering, this may not be the game for you) ruined by sluggish, restrictive controls, a tired combat system and incredibly tedious ""puzzle"" mechanics that mainly consist of walking about and looking at things.ALSO, BLOODY INVISIBLE WALLS, EVERYWHERE!This game has so much potential but execution is poor, I have played 70 minutes of the game, of which 40 have been spent feeling confused about the puzzles. I'm not someone who hates puzzles in games, indeed I've completed The Witness, Myst and similar games and very much enjoyed them, the problem here is that these puzzles are of the ""discover the specific spot you need to stand to do the thing"" variety rather than the ""figure out what you need to do"" variety. I know exactly what I need to achieve but it takes me far too long to find the specific path the game has decided I need to follow to do it. For example, I needed to get up to a platform and assumed i would be able to climb one of the many climbable-looking objects next to it, as my character had previously climbed such things. However, it turns out the solution was to stand in a specific place so a previously invisible path became visible, then walk along that path to get up.If you enjoy that kind of puzzling then this game is probably one of the best experiences you can have, but as someone who despises being frustraited by being unable to execute solutions in this manner, I found the whole experience intollerable."
76561198364781260,Not Recommended,414340,35049312,Posted: 18 September,all,Joe-Fish,"Style over substance. I spent three hours marvelling at the graphics before I realised that the gameplay is awful. Too late for a refund, in short, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,414340,34178227,Posted: 11 August,all,Britbong,"20+ minutes of cutscenes followed by button mashing combat, really really garbo good sir.-Britbong"
76561198040927363,Not Recommended,414340,34480141,Posted: 25 August,all,johnox1,The graphics are 5 star the cuts senes are verry good .theres verry little game ply as its all cut senes.The game play is POOR.Its more like a movie than a game and if you want hours of game play STAY AWAY .If you want hours of great graphics and cut senes this is for you .
76561198386076855,Recommended,414340,34102196,Posted: 8 August,all,pradeepgair,"hi guys i am having some problem, i just downloaded this game, everything is fine but sound not coming,"
76561197970339916,Not Recommended,414340,34803034,Posted: 7 September,all,Boag,"An objectivly good game. But its just not for me. The story isnt to intresting, its just the save x person from the evil persons castle! But first go through these 2 areas to unlock the gate to get there! Just sorta bland. The voices in your head are nice touch though, during battle its really ♥♥♥♥ing scary to have voices saying behind you, trying to decide if you should check just incase there actually is (and sometimes there are) or to continue paying attention to the attacker. But as much as it is cool that can only take the game so far. The combat system feels clunky and annoying, which i get they were going for a more realistic aproach, and the further through the battle you get slower and more tired. Which i think is really cool, however this basicly kills any sort of fun you were having fighting, as now you feel like your trying to make a slug move about. Graphicly its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, cant fault it on that. But in the end those are just my opinions and plenty of other people seem to love it so you probably will to. but personally i just dont like it."
76561198202769576,Not Recommended,414340,34112048,Posted: 8 August,all,Shoon,The game in the beggining isn't as atmospheric and doesn't really put you in the mind of Senua. It's just not enough for me to keep playing in the begginging.
76561198104647473,Not Recommended,414340,35477860,Posted: 4 October,all,svinez3000,"A waste of time and money:- whispers are fun at the beginning, annoying closer to the mid-game- battles dull and repetitive- riddles - all the same, over and over- ending - disappointing- nice visuals and staging, but in current proportion they suit better for a movie and I wanted to play a gameAs usual - AAA killer? No, just marketing trend..."
,Not Recommended,414340,34105699,Posted: 8 August,all,nakedSunOo,"Controls on Keyboard and Mouse are just♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game favors Controllers. FOV is terrible and the lack of switching the Third Person Camera Angle to the other shoulder is just lazy by the developer.beneath this u will find your typical ""CINEMATIC EXPIRENCE""-Console Gameplay where the game runs on its own. 404 no gameplay found.Can't recommend this game at this price."
,Not Recommended,414340,34332481,Posted: 18 August,all,WrATH,"For those who want to play with an XB1 controller or want to change resolution, it's a no go. It's shameful they didn't even consider or test these things before releasing the game. Claims ""full controller support"", yet my XB1 controller didn't work at all."
76561198384211259,Not Recommended,414340,34202966,Posted: 12 August,all,joeypongallo,"Not fun at all. Pisses you off quick, refund."
76561198087860798,Not Recommended,414340,34101042,Posted: 8 August,all,Almighty Metapod,"The Game sounds beautiful and the graphics and art are great. It falls shorts heavily in game mechanics and I'm all about game mechanics. The combat is awful you master it after your 1st fight and become unstoppable all it takes it to press block or dodge then spam light attack. and is ultimately boring. then the other game mechanic is going around founding easy symbols that fit the symbol on the door, kinda like an adult version of the kids game with putting blocks through the right shaped hole. And that is it. they are the only two things you do in this game."
76561197988643317,Not Recommended,414340,34135028,Posted: 9 August,all,Paro,"THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH YOUR 30$!!This is one of the slyest games I've ever played. Sly in the sense that, usually, you know whether or not you love or hate a game. Somehow, this game will trick you into thinking you're doing something wrong. The graphics are so beautiful, and the mechanics so polished that you'll be wondering if maybe something is off with you while you're playing it, because surely, you should be having fun, right?Wrong. This game is TERRIBLE and it's terrible on purpose. 99.999% of all games are terrible on accident. This game sets out with a purpose of being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and since it is so well crafted, it almost makes it feel like YOU are the problem you're not having fun. YOU are the reason you don't like it. The game is just fine! But that's what it's trying to do.The puzzles in this game aren't puzzles. There's nothing to ""solve."" You walk aimlessly while feeling more and more desperate and frustrated until you happen to step in the right spot at the right angle and press the ""look"" button. Rinse and repeat. It's bad on purpose. And it's not fun.The combat in this game is . . . FUN!!! Yes, fun! The animations are incredible. They LOOK great. They FEEL great. And that's precisely why this game, on purpose, gives you almost none of it. Expect to fight very rarely and for very short periods at a time. In fact, half the game you lose your sword but I won't say more because of spoilers.This game sucks on purpose. And it's because it sucks on purpose that it makes you feel unsure while you're playing it whether or not you're even enjoying it. I have never played a game like this before. It almost seems like I'm praising it but I'm not. And who knows? Maybe that's what they wanted when they made it."
,Not Recommended,414340,35232928,Posted: 26 September,all,Dan,"I don't like walking simulators. I'm not offended by the fact that they exist, though, as long as they're honest about what they are. Hellblade has really simple combat and braindead puzzles to trick you into thinking there's any game to it, but at its heart it's still an ""exploration"" experience.Credit where credit is due: Hellbade has wonderful audio effects and graphics, and the way it evokes the character's mental illness is well done. Unfortunately, none of this changes the fact that it's still more of a movie than a game. There’s nothing going on in Hellblade that’s any more interactive or ground-breaking than The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. If you like that sort of thing, buy this, but keep in mind that it isn't what it says it is."
76561198406709555,Not Recommended,414340,34127536,Posted: 9 August,all,Leon47,"Not my cup of tea.Reasons:1.The constant rambling is quite annoying and almost drive me crazy as well, just like the crazy woman I play.""Well Done"", ninja theory. Truly a game for psychosis.2.The pace is too slow, I'm forced to walk most of the time.3.The puzzles are a bit tedious, combine them with forced walking is just tiresome.4.Combat is simple while acceptable, but it becomes shallow and repeatitve in the end.Maybe I'll refund it later..."
76561198062236899,Not Recommended,414340,34131964,Posted: 9 August,all,dynamike,janky to play and the constant whispering gets old fast
,Recommended,414340,34129903,Posted: 9 August,all,Ohmtasia,Edgelord Simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,414340,34164070,Posted: 11 August,all,Jon,"I expected more combat, less pointless walking and tedious puzzles.  It's a letdown for sure.Imagine if Devil May Cry had an hour long intro before any combat started."
,Not Recommended,414340,34698849,Posted: 2 September,all,Al Djeafnte,"The game is excessively overhyped for its depictions of psychosis.Even if it's 100% accurate, true to life, it's also fundamentally purely cliche in the realm of mental disorder depictions in all media.While it does remain interesting to have some sort of narration, the game ultimately is just a story of mental illness combined with the beyond cliche into overused story of familial abuse.It further actually is detrimental to the story experience because it makes the narrator unreliable, and there's nothing else in the game to be experienced if the narrator is wrong.  The entire story lacks any other characters or entities to root it in, outside of Senua's backstory.  If we dispense with the assumption that the game is ""being honest with us"", then we don't have anything.The rune finding puzzle mechanic is wasteful because the solutions are binary.  Combat is repetative and made simple enough to button mash so that ""anyone can experience the game.""  Outside of this, there is very little ""game"" to be had.What the game does offer is some really really good graphical fidelity, and at least a single sequence that is the complete antithesis of ludonarrative dissonance--Only time in any game I have ever been made nervous by the mere presence of water.However, this does not warrant the length of the game, nor the heavily linear and plodding pace that it offers.  The only constants throughout the game are combat and rune finding.  The potentially interesting puzzle mechanics, elsewise, are rarely utilized, and do not generally require complex thought.This is fundamentally is an interactive movie (in a good sense) with forcibly added game to it.And then, cherry on top, the ending of the game offers up an infinite dross of speculation.  As mentioned with the unreliable narrator above, you can't even trust the ""objective"" perspective you're given, leaving you with with nothing at the end of the game.  No sense of achievement or accomplishment.Bugs are few, but there are graphical glitches where physics objects will vibrate, and you can be permanently locked into a limping state for no reason.The worst thing in the game I experienced is not being able to see anything because the camera moved outside of the wall during combat.But, at the very end of the credits, it will warn you that the game might be disturbing for some individuals.  So that's useful."
,Not Recommended,414340,34896070,Posted: 11 September,all,Ed :3,"Pros:-Game looks great-Story is out of this world-Dialouge is gorgeous-Audio is crazy good-controls are easy to learn and remember-character appearances are insaneCons-GPU usage on low is NUTS if you check (MSI AFTERBURNER) I have a: GTX 980 msi afterburner-Combat is very basic and boring-Bosses look very original-Hit response is very poor-Puzzles are creative but not well directed for the player, I spent 15 minutes looking for 1 glyph.-Game is short as freak (Checked onhowlongtobeat.com)7-9 hours...-Walking simulator-I realize she is going to save her husband...but like...move on sista xD Lol!-Didn't post maximum requirements...."
76561197990031150,Not Recommended,414340,34209578,Posted: 13 August,all,Haruru,Hellblade is bad at everything except graphics. Story with no plot twist. Everything about a story is obvious from the beginning. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puzzles break the tempo of the game and are not fun to solve. Broken fight system doesn`t look consistant. You have to hit an enemy for 15 -20 times to kill him(exception last battle where they fall from 3 hits) You perform the same moves from the beginning to an end.  So the gameloop is : 1) you watch senua cry and ♥♥♥♥♥ about something 2) you solve ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puzzles 3) you fight monsters( 8 enemy models) 4) repeat. Worst game of the decade.
,Not Recommended,414340,34154658,Posted: 10 August,all,Amsjes,"It's agoodgame. It is indeed very Atmospheric and Psychological with a Female Protagonist, and it does those things very well.However, I bought this game in a spur of the moment, based on the awesome looking videos. I expected epic combat and RPG-like elements, while I got neither. It really just is a very atmospheric journey with puzzles and creepy stuff going on. The few fights I did encounter were so-so. I'd totally watch the movie, but as a game, this isn't what I hoped it to be."
76561197964663096,Not Recommended,414340,34562961,Posted: 28 August,all,ph0ib0s,"Masterpiece of art. Bought it because of its beauty and no advertasing. Buy it and you won't regret it.All the money goes to the developers and they deserve every penny for this very well crafted game.Had some minor performance issues (running on 4 core cpu and GTX 1080) and no crashes. Just one glitch after 10 hours of gameplay...Why negative review: This kind of puzzle and combat game doesn't go well together.If you like puzzle games, you won't like it. If you like combat or action, you will grow bored by the puzzle parts.Combat is fun, if you master the combos well.For me personaly the story and the fact that the protagonist is a girl has killed it...Women can be tought and fight like a men, but this one is scared all the time.All this crying kills the fun.  Couldn't really connect with the game..Didn't finish it, grew tired with the gameplay and this wining girl crying for her mum.."
76561197970697464,Not Recommended,414340,34383205,Posted: 20 August,all,business,"Was not aware of the forced slow motion permadeath in the game. As a father this is a no go for me in game design: I want to be able to play if I am tired, or if I might get interrupted - all of these things are not possible if permadeath is the potential outcome (even if it is not immediate, but step by step). In addition auto-adjusting difficulty nearly always does not work for me, but as a default difficulty setting it is probably there to counteract the permadeath threat (which of course makes little sense, if one thinks about it), so would probably have left it on.Also thought they were overdoing the psychosis angle, to cover up what looked to me like a quite basic hack and slash combat game. And having voices mutter in your ear persistenly will not give you the feeling of someone with psychosis, imho (if that is what you are after in this game).Graphics of the female psychosis suffering protagonist were fantastic, and so was her voice acting, alas the rest fell short, therefore I requested a refund..."
76561198256273369,Not Recommended,414340,34574849,Posted: 29 August,all,MrPotato,Pretty to look at but not a gamethis game basically has 3 action elements repeated over and overi got tired of playing very quickly
,Not Recommended,414340,34761592,Posted: 5 September,all,Coffee Addicted,"i'm gonna receive lot of Luvs right now,let me tell u why :FOV Camera is in the character♥♥♥♥♥Graphic is not like the screenshots,heavy Film Grain,long Cut scenes ,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat system(dodge and attack ),u need Dolby surround headset for better experience and without it is totally waste of timeand those shity whispering like : i'm gonna suck your♥♥♥♥♥♥i'm gonna ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥someone is behind you,someone is there maybe not there maybe in your pants.u have to suck it suck it suck it suuuuuuuuuuuuuck itttttttttttttttt-_-"
76561198006540457,Not Recommended,414340,34164035,Posted: 11 August,all,odinne,"i think i am spoilt by more open world games like tomb raider or dark soul. in this game, you are force to just keep going straght forward. the puzzels are more annoying than satisfying. graphic wise its very good and they try to make it very cinematic but i dont feel attached to my character at all so the story became more and more boring as the game goes further. i give it a 6/10 wait till its on sale before you buy it."
,Not Recommended,414340,34136331,Posted: 9 August,all,FAYTONCU,"ConsCharacter moves too slow. I mean really slow. So if you accidently take wrong road. You realize when games glitches (like ambience sound stops on specific area) you have to turn back slowly again. Oh, also there is no clue that you are right way. You never know until you actually reach the end of road. Also, levels designed in a such way that you can't walk through that rocks but next time you might able to do. So you have to check every border of map. lastly, unlike characters, textures of enviroments are low resolution.ProsPsychosis work, audio work, all characters' graphic and animation work are amazing. Plot twists or similar situation are promising. Combats are fun and repetitive but game ends before you get used to it. Pricing depends on your region which was totally blessing.For ending. I really like to support the team but after 10 hours play with checking 5-10 times walkthrough videos. Game made me cancer much more than fun. I am not sure that i would finish it if i wasn't pre-ordered and had chance to refund it."
,Not Recommended,414340,34643326,Posted: 31 August,all,OBELIX:(,"Oh what is there to say about this game? Can I compare it to some other game? Yes and No. It's certainly NOT an open world game and that was where my first dislike comes from. movement is restricted in so many ways it was more than annoying throughout the game! not even a small pebble or a trunk could be passed and there were many invisible barriers to be met. The scenery is gorgeous and the character looks great. The “special effects” look great! the storyline is weird but that’s to be expected when your psycho traumatic or psychotic or whatever the shrink tells us at the ending credits. The game consists of some repeated puzzles like aligning pictures to ""fix"" broken things and or look/walk thru mirrors where you suddenly have more worlds to puzzle into. There are doors to unlock and markings to be found. The fighting parts are console type of scenes, just bang the keys at the right moment to win the round and do some combo’s for neat flashes and freeze frame time lapse actions. At these fighting moments you are even more restricted in your movement and have choices to make like Evade or defend of kick to get some ones shield down. When you do a bunch of nicely times defends you gain points and can use a freece frame kind of action. You also can't get lost in this game since there is only one path depicted for you to follow. Also there’s some aid from the voices in your head to guide you through the game. The game auto saves at some weird points and are pretty annoying when you first have to walk up and down towers to vision stuff back together and light candles just to get slayed at the end of all these prescribed steps and start this all over again. But I did like the ""feel"" of this game and some scenes are really pretty nice and put well together. The Unreal  engine runs smooth (also on older video cards) with no loss of eye candy. I believe the artists have done a very good job at this game and I hope to see more of this kind of scenery. But the narrator should go and also the persons who thought of the player input for this game should be sacked :) I Played this game in two evenings and finished it. I paid 30 euro for it. Can’t help to feel just a tad ripped off."
,Not Recommended,414340,34129996,Posted: 9 August,all,FuscusNight,"Really,really horrible performance issues, constant stutters/micro stuttering combined with bad frame pacing that even makes 60+ fps parts of the game feel like they're running below 30. The game's frame rate is unstable as hell, going from as low as 30 to high as 100 for no reason at all, going to low from very high seems to do nothing to help with this issue.At the start it was a minor problem but as i played more it just kept getting worse and worse to the point it started giving me a headache and disorientating me in the game because it would never calm down, iv'e never seen an unstable frame rate as this it jumps from such a low count to a high one non stop.I was really intrigued by the game, the visuals looked fantastic and the combat is simple but rather satisfying and i bet I would've whole heartedly recommended the game at the end but i sadly just can't play it, i genuinly start feeling ill due to how unstable the frame rate is, constant stutters, slows downs, speed ups , it just never stops.I'm atm. considering of either fully refunding it or perhaps waiting a bit to see if the devs actually fix the game since i would like to play it fully.PC :i5 4670k 3.40 Ghz16GB DDR3 RAM @ 1866 MhzAMD RX 580 8GBWindows 10 64-bitInstaled on a Samsung EVO 850 SSD."
76561198079305900,Recommended,414340,34095737,Posted: 7 August,all,Fo0tL0ng,Does a amazing job at keeping you focused and on edge at the same timeA psychological thriller well worth the moneyYou cannot play this game without headphones completely changes the experience
,Not Recommended,414340,34823882,Posted: 8 September,all,Waido,"Ninja Theory had some great ideas with this game. They really wanted to make something different and succeeded in doing so. They delivered a new navigation system that tells you through inner voices where to go.To say the game sucks you in would be an understatement. You as the player feel so immersed that you feel as you where Senua.That being said this amazing immersion is also the games biggest flaw. Because the protagonist is suffering from psychosis you as the player will often feel confused, wandering through the game and questioning yourself whether the way you choose was right or not.For me this feeling isn’t fun at all, it frustrates me and makes the game feel rather like a chore then an entertaining game. This is just my personal opinion and I’m sure that there are plenty of people that like to be in Senuas so to speak. But let me know in the comments below what you thought of Hellblade Senua’s Sacrifice.For a full written review visit my blog:https://waidosworld.com/hellblade-senuas-sacrifice-mini-reviewrant/"
76561198083352475,Not Recommended,414340,34253827,Posted: 15 August,all,Bulldawg,"This is not a game. This is a movie that tries to be a game by adding boring puzzles and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat.The graphics are stunning and immersive and the story is compelling, but that doesnt make it a good game, or a game at all.If you want to make a movie, make a movie."
,Not Recommended,414340,34992329,Posted: 16 September,all,✿kodomolion,"This game is not a game at all. It's more like a graphic novel. Sure the graphics and effects are nice, the acting is pretty good too, but alas i wouldn't call this a game. You dont get to play it much save for moving the hero (senua) from point A to point B, and to make matters worse, its not an open world and the paths are all linear. So I,ve spent an hour playing and all I did was move the hero from point A to B to C just to progress the story. Sure there are occasional fights, but even that is not fun. It's dull. The fights are linear too, you must fight baddie A then baddie B appears. You cant avoid nor escape a fight, and its such a bore as it feels very repetitive. I bought this game thinking its good but end up disappointed because it's just a graphic novel pretending to be a video game. The ""game"" feels very repetitive, and the pace of the story is very slow. Some dialogues takes a few minutes to complete and I'm screaming inside me as it does not allow us to skip cutscenes. The puzzles are horribly easy to do (again, lame excuse to make it feels more like a ""game""?) and boring to solve as well. Needless to say, I feel very cheated. If only there is a REFUND feature on Steam... dont buy it."
76561198090482494,Not Recommended,414340,34124359,Posted: 9 August,all,Heliotherapy,"Score: 4/10Graphics: 10/10Sound: 10/10 ( 5/10 If I include how annoying the voices are )Story: 10/10 ( For the 4 Hours I played )Gameplay: 3/10 ( Puzzzles make the game feel like a tech demo )Performance: 10/10 ( Not including game breaking bug with portal )Spec:i7-6700k @ 4.5MSI GTX1070 8GB @ 2050 Core 4404 MemSSDAsus PB278QXbox 360 Wireless Pad*Played at native 4k max settings.Thoughts in game;''Holy S*** The graphics are amazing''''Senua's animation looks so good''''How on earth is it running this well?''''Ooo a puzzle, thats fun''''Sounds great, these voices in my head are nice and wide, headphones are a must''''Ah yes combat time, roll..dodge and kill, hmm a bit simple but great animation''''Another puzzle, ok game looks awesome so no bother''''I still cant get over how awesome this looks''''Puzzle time again...hmm''''Can I not go any faster, I just want to find this boss''''OMG how the F*** was I suppose to know that''''Ah yes awesome boss fight..little easy, but this isnt DS so ok''''I could really do with running faster back to the start now''''Ok onward to the next boss area''''These voices are getting a touch annoying''''Another puzzle....right im a bit bored of this now''''And again...wow this looks awesome but im getting well F***** off with these puzzles''''Better reload the game because I swear this portal things glitched''''Wow took wayyy to long but this boss look awesome''''Epic cut scene follows decent boss fight, I hope the puzzles are done with and we get more if this''''Ah F*** this dam game, more puzzles''''and again...right I have had enough now this is like an UE4 tech demo''''Same old puzzle, again and again...not happy about this''"
76561198044946353,Not Recommended,414340,34261357,Posted: 15 August,all,svandal,"This game was a big dissapointment after I read all the good reviews. I have played this game 1.5 hours and have not had the chance to get to any bosses yet. (I am asking for a refund now)Level design is linear, just run forward in a really narrow corridore. This is a huge deal for me, when you only run in a narrow corridore the exploration is non existing, and the running becomes really boring really fast.Combat just involved a really easy block and hitting the enemy after the block. I did not find it to be fun, or challenging in any way, and it did not seem that you would progress in your fighting in any way. I did not get to any boss fights, that might have changed my view.Puzzle solving the first 1.5 hours involved running around and randomly finding the right place so that a rune appeared in my vision. The other puzzle solving part was to find my way through a narrow corridore after lighting the fire. I don`t think the puzzle part becomes any better based on the reviews I have read. This part of the game was also boring.Overall a fun concept, but to me it felt that the game was so straightforward and streamlined that it became really boring really fast."
,Not Recommended,414340,34376439,Posted: 20 August,all,Smokemouth,Gluk gluk gluk gluk
,Not Recommended,414340,34152944,Posted: 10 August,all,Krypto,"I didn't die enough to ever see my save file get deleted, so issue there. The questions I'd want raised and talked about are how much should you ethically charge for a gorgeous tech demo. This is basically Ryse. So many times did I think I was actually looking at video rather than realtime rendering.The story is such a confused mess. I got the gist of what was going on, but it's not worth experience. So just the graphics and repetitive gameplay here.The game was smooth, but the load times were terrible after battle sometimes. I'd be fighting a boss, then it'd take 5-6 minutes to reload before I could get back up and get my butt kicked again. Then there were a few times the boss would get a chance to move before me, which would give them an advantage and I'm stuck dead again and having to wait another 5 minutes to get another taste of the boss pattern.Buyer's remorse? No, but not worth it at $30 even though there is a reasonable ammount of gameplay. About halfway through I felt the game wore out it's welcome."
,Not Recommended,414340,34384084,Posted: 20 August,all,UrbanGorilla,No optional FOV slider and the puzzles are boring and repetitive. I also have a 1080ti and I had to turn several graphical options down to get a locked 60. Not very well optimized.
,Not Recommended,414340,34100855,Posted: 8 August,all,Mansplainer,This game is empty and not interesting. Its gameplay is rather annoying with its stupid puzzles. Story is also very boring. Im refunding.
,Not Recommended,414340,34852121,Posted: 9 September,all,Furi0sa,"I work in mental illness for a living and I love the idea of a Furiosa and Alloy (Horizon Zero Dawn) hybrid as an lovable lead. Whats not to love? A lot apparently. IThe game wants you follow this enemy around near the beginning of the game. He's about two feet above me and since I can't climb or interact with ANYTHING on my screen I can't reach him, I tried for 15 minutes then got my refund. Yes I realize you are supposed to do exactly what the devs expect to solve the puzzle but 15 years of evolving open world games really makes these boring♥♥♥♥♥puzzles feel insufferable.Whispering voices and imagined enemies isn't exactly ground breaking in trying to recreate psychosis in a tangible enough way for a video game. Gaming outside of graphics really isn't evolving as an art form but I appreciate the effort anyway.Outside of the lush visuals I can't recommend this unless you really enjoy boring rigid puzzles that allow for no creativity as nothing in your environement is usable or climable."
,Not Recommended,414340,34110422,Posted: 8 August,all,Major Brighton,"This is not a review. I am one who wanted a refund, yet only after 3 hours.The game has amazing graphics, no question.Effects were great to and dripping in atmousphere.Loved the voices in her head.Yet I simply was not happy with the fighting mechanics and foundit a bit repetative and boring looking for these symbols.It would sound like a cool idea at their gaming chat I have no doubt,looking for magic symbols as they also meant so much in that period.Yet it was like having a stop sign held up for me too, suddenly the momentumthat you had going was lost.This might seem like a detail, yet it through me off so much that I was no longer investedin the story. Im shore it has some amazing moments later on, yet I cant affordto waist time on looking for shapes.No, I would not recomend this money on the game, yet for the experience it was ok."
,Not Recommended,414340,34099901,Posted: 8 August,all,Daybreak,"+ Interesting premise+- combat, the pacing of the narrative etc.- Especially boring visual puzzles that killed it for meGame refunded."
,Not Recommended,414340,34127565,Posted: 9 August,all,oldcanadatattoos,"The game is OK but wasn't what I as expecting at all. It's beautiful looking but it is more like watching a movie or playing DRAGON'S LAIR / Space Ace or some old Atari Jaguar ""interactive movie"". Most of the game you just walk, slowly as scenes unfold. You cant jump or crouch or go anywhere your character isn't supposed to go. Sometimes puzzles come up to solve and its always the same puzzle over and over again.Finally, please make a way to shut off the background voices of multiple people just rambling on over and over again for hours straight. It was cool for the first few mins to establish that the character is having mental problems... but it NEVER stops? Ever? It is the most annoying thing ever and is just over-done / heavy handed."
,Not Recommended,414340,34913065,Posted: 12 September,all,Kurra,"This game makes me feel the most unfortunate person in the world, I was so exited to play this, waited almost since the beggining for it to launch... got a new end PC this year... ALL FOR NOTHING. I can't play this game, no matter what I do it seems it won't run as it should. Keeps lagging, freezing, showing me a black screen. I can't even use the menu screen normally. This is the only, THE ONLY game in a hole bunch I own that has ever presented such issues. Some people are sayin' their have a compatibility issue with AMD GPUs.So dissapointed.Already contacted Ninja Theory support, if this goes on without an answer in a few days, I'm gettin' a refund.But please NT, fix this problem with so we can enjoy this game too ?I hope I'll be able to update this review to a positive one in the nearest future. HOPE. You definetly deserve it, this seems like a really great game."
76561198087702183,Not Recommended,414340,34241855,Posted: 14 August,all,jonathan_jones,"This is my first review but I felt compelled to write due to how terrible Hellblade is. In a nutshell you walk for a few minutes, search everywhere for stupid symobls, then mash buttons against repetitive enemies. I love skyrim and witcher so I have no problem with casual exploration through beautiful scenery but thats not this game. I also play the LOTR game which is similar but much better. There is a confusing backstory with so much mythology its pointless to try to follow and she hears VOICES.wow-so creepy-not really. I applaud smaller studios but this is a great cautinary tale not to believe media hype."
76561198034943974,Not Recommended,414340,34108181,Posted: 8 August,all,hiddenemu,"Pretty boring, the fighting seems very simple and repetative.  The real problem is the constant repetative boring puzzles, most of the game is walking to obvious locations looking for the same symbols in the environment over and over.The story was intersting for the first few minutes of the game but quickly becomes extremely repetative just like the rest of this game."
76561198247996658,Not Recommended,414340,34449887,Posted: 23 August,all,nightwhisps,"Expected something like DMC but with a deeper plot. Got very disappointed with the outcome.Ninja theory, get back to what you do best, please."
76561198083959269,Not Recommended,414340,34346349,Posted: 19 August,all,Moodcell,"The ""fake"" perma-death, the idiotic conditioning event (thank you I am not a test-monkey) and the poor storyline makes this game a solid 2/10Don't spend your money, you have been warned."
76561198041926201,Not Recommended,414340,34144323,Posted: 10 August,all,a40yo,"2/5Credits during the opening sequence totally breaks emersion, you're screaming at the player ""this is a video game"". Ironically, there were no on-screen cues for how to interact with the world, and when I found out there was also perma-death I uninstalled and refunded.Not my jam."
76561198029371098,Not Recommended,414340,34152314,Posted: 10 August,all,snitko.yuri,boring and repetitive.
,Not Recommended,414340,35162827,Posted: 23 September,all,Seabear,nope
76561197993829757,Not Recommended,414340,34243993,Posted: 14 August,all,Gerula,"Ok i get it, she is crazy, but I am not, so why do i have to listen to that voices NON STOP, whispering only platitudes.There is no sense of tension, or fear, or whatever they tried to create, only a young confused American Indian girl walking forward on a string (“immersive world”).This is not about the Norse mythology. The fact that they spam Viking gods names at each step or list you the worlds of Yggdrasil, doesn’t set the game in the world.The entire writing it feels like an Eskimo is trying to describe the desert only by reading about it.It’s a pretentious walking simulator, with boring combat and puzzles, trivial plot and utterly uninspired protagonist.And one more thing, it’s the ♥♥♥♥ing 2017, when you do a 3rd person game, let me ♥♥♥♥ing jump. How am I supposed to immerse in your game when my character its a 2D puppet??!"
76561197974890222,Not Recommended,414340,34132459,Posted: 9 August,all,Brett_the_beautiful,"I bought this game thinking it'd be a fantastic action adventure game. Instead, what I got was a below average walking simulator with a completely un-interactive world (albeit very good looking) rendered with the Unreal 4 Engine. This is barely a game. It's practically a movie. No FOV slider, puzzles are dull and boring. Only reason I have 4 hours is because I had left it open and minimzed for 2 hours while job searching. All in all - a true walking simulator that focuses so heavily on story that it's barely a game. I wanted to spend my $29.99 on a game, not a movie. Tired of nothing but cinematics in games, I want a game to play. If I wanted a movie I'd watch a movie. Another game that just plays itself - I don't feel like I'm playing this game - I feel like it's playing me.Please Refund.And to everyone blowing sunshine up this games♥♥♥♥♥♥ i watched several dev diaries, gameplay bits, all the trailers. everything. I did my research. It looked great - viking era revenge tale about a celtic warrior with mental illness. Sounds fantastic.But as soon as I started the game I had a fear this would be a walking sim with story heavy bits, but held my hopes that the combat and puzzles might save it and the story would be allowed to shine. But the GOD AWFUL puzzle solving bits pull the game and the player to a grinding halt. The signs and symbols you look for might as well all be STOP SIGNS because that's all they do - STOP The game and add padding to something that doesn't even make sense. ""I lined up these symbols thtat only I can see in my mind because of my pyschosis, so yeah naturally I can physically push open this door now"". This game is an on rails walking sim movie, not a game. I had so much respect for the developers and what they were trying to do, but in the end this is a UE4 tech demo with great graphics, and a ""look but don't touch"" feel to the entire game.Like I said before - the game plays you, you don't play the game (like so many other games these days)."
,Not Recommended,414340,35210765,Posted: 25 September,all,MountainManGuy,"This is not a terrible game, but if the question is ""do you recommend this game?"", my answer is no.  The audio needs work.  There are times where even with the volume cranked, I can barely hear what dialogue is being said.  I'd put the game worth at about $10."
,Not Recommended,414340,34354317,Posted: 19 August,all,[TB] Byron,"I'm having a really hard time getting through the beginning credits scene. Trying to force myself to bear through it, and give the game a shot. The loud narrator's voice is quite possibly the most annoying voice I have ever heard. The multiple quieter voices are somewhat annoying to. Is this intentional?! Each and every word they say begins as if they flick their tongue off their front teeth to start, and each consonant, and each word ends with them clicking or thumping their throat closed. It is the most irritating way I have ever heard someone speak!!!!*UPDATE*This is a video of the narator that I was describinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBc4IIPzl-IHer pronouncations aren't as bad here, but you can still here that hard click in her throat on all the consonants. I guess this how she talks, but it is very annoying to listen to constantly fed to you in a game."
,Recommended,414340,34095580,Posted: 7 August,all,ReD,Breathtaking.
76561198007385652,Not Recommended,414340,34149241,Posted: 10 August,all,MaxN,"Monotonou and poky, but well worth $29. If u smoke a lot u will like this game."
76561198017076013,Not Recommended,414340,34127673,Posted: 9 August,all,Texelion,"Honestly I expected more from Ninja Theory, I loved their other games, because they actually were GAMES. Hellblade is barely a game, it's a linear interactive movie with voices telling you exactly what to do even if there is only one path anyway. And Oh boy are those voices annoying after only 2 minutes.I don't like it when I don't know if I'm controlling the character/camera or if it's just a cinematic, most of the time I can't tell the difference.I also think it was not a good idea to start the story when Senua is already insane. I thought there would be a descent into madness, you know, maybe like that old Gamecube game Eternal Darkness ? That would have been more interesting, to witness the character slowly loosing grip over reality. Instead they chose to start the story 7 years after Senua's journey began, so she's totally insane already.Anyway, it's not worth 30 euros, it feels like an UE4 tech demo. I'm not saying it's bad, the story is probably really good ( unless there is a silly plot twist like ""everything was in her head because she's crazy"" ), graphics and atmosphere are nice, and Senua is really well done and well acted ( and realistic, she's not a supermodel like 99% of the females in games ).But it was boring after 30 minutes, I checked other negatives reviews which confirmed that the game didn't become more interesting later, and I asked for a refund.Next time either make a real game, or a movie."
,Recommended,414340,34095644,Posted: 7 August,all,ПасХаНтер,Looks Fantastic
76561197976543418,Not Recommended,414340,34159702,Posted: 10 August,all,EroticOnion23,"Ugh...this game is garbage (3/10) at best. And a scam at worst.So the game starts out with our heroine Senua trying to save the soul of 'Dillion'. But who the ♥♥♥♥ is this 'Dillion'?! I mean, we know he was her boyfriend and all that, but why the ♥♥♥♥ would/do we give a single sh** about him??? By the end of the game there was not a single reason to care at all about her 'goal', because there's no player investment/emotional connection in her goal and no backstory (literally almost fell asleep during the ending cutscene)!! As an example, in TLoU, we see Joel's daughter die, we see him slowly but surely project his deseased daughter on Ellie, and almost dies trying to save her, and lies to her in the end to keep her alive. It feels very human! It feels very emotionally plausible! We can see why Joel would do such a thing! In this game, Senua might as well be trying to retrieve her sock puppet! Abysmal writting failure...But what about the gameplay? The fights aren't hard at all, actually mind-boggling easy! More akin to a mobile swipe game such as those sh**ty Infinity Blade games! The only challenge the developers made were filling the screen with enemies and your hand get sooo tired from clicking a million times, you mis-click from the cramps and have to start over. Another cheap-azz way to increase the total play time!!The puzzles, don't even get me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥started on the puzzles! Pixel hunting to WASTE your time so they can stamp 6-8 hours of gameplay on the box!!! Trust me, they take ZERO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥brainpower to 'solve', just have to frame by♥♥♥♥♥♥♥frame, magifying glass, squint-your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥eyeballs to find!...Literally 0 questions get answered, literally 0 pay-off at the end (you completely feel like you've done nothing at all and will forget about it in like 2 days), ZERO CLOSURE, a teeny glimps at the back-story that goes literally no where, and not a single character to care about.Only 2 pros I can think of: the very inventive 'voices in your head' mechanic that gives you a creepy feeling that people are always watching you (BUT THEY NEVER GO INTO DETAILS ABOUT THAT!!), and some of the acting...But based on the pros and cons this game is definitely not worth your money...not even in a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sale, save your time instead...Which is a colossal shame, since I was looking forward to this game, watched the documentaries, and could tell the developers and actors are really good people, the IDEA for the game was great, the EXECUTION was a dismal failure...overall a colossal disappointment... :(Seriously, the only people who gave this game a 5/10+ are pretentious neckbeard edgelords, who goes 'hurp derrr soooo♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome, this is how I go through life every♥♥♥♥♥♥♥day! I totally get what she goes through, no game has done this before and there are like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥0 psychological games out there, except you know, Silent Hill, The Evil Within, Dead Space, Condemned, Fear, etc.'... xDI know people want to support 'independent triple A' games and get the trend going, but this is just burying your head in the sand on how bad this game is; and desperately trying to convince yourself you didn't get scammed. Don't let rose tinted glasses fool you! Sh** games like these will probably make 'independent triple A' games go the way of crowdfunding, with sh** and scams galore...Mark my word, once the hype from the 2 years of waiting dies down, the score will drop like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥meteor...They claim this game 'explores psychosis', but they actually never explore ANY mental illness in the game! Just some I guess analogy called 'the darkness'...lmao is this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Alan Wake?? xDI want my $30 back!...never gonna buy a Ninja Theory game ever again no matter the score. The main actress seems cool though, hope she jumps ship and go to Naughty Dog or something...the dev is a loser, and a loser is a loser...Oh yea, just a final kick to the players' face....SSSSSSSequel bait!!! Annnnnnd unskip-able credits!!!! :D>:("
76561198192734435,Not Recommended,414340,34279610,Posted: 16 August,all,zhughes2154,"This game is absolutely terrible. I love the story and the goal of the makers, but they ♥♥♥♥ing do not know how to make a game. Good luck figuring out what the ♥♥♥♥ you are suppose to do, because there is nothing that will tell you, nothing that will hint at it, nothing that will do anything to help. I've been stuck wandering one of the first levels for about an hour and have decided that I will not be playing this joke of a game until they update it, and make it playable. I can't play a game, with all of 6 buttons, where I am just put in a room with not direction and told to have fun."
76561198160671803,Not Recommended,414340,34195180,Posted: 12 August,all,T6H6H6,this game sucks its not even really a game all you do is open doors with your mind over and over again if you think that makes a game good then have fun im not happy the rateings said this game is amazeing well there wrong and too win awards for best real time graphics at e3 well i think tomb raider looks way better then it
76561198033968599,Not Recommended,414340,34481669,Posted: 25 August,all,james,"Lots of running around with little idea what you are doing, followed by weak combat. poor!"
76561198054089041,Not Recommended,414340,34140444,Posted: 9 August,all,mr_zoot,Game has glitches that prevent play; do not buy yet.  Wait to buy until some time has passed.  Shame on publishers who put out games before thery are ready.
76561197970465924,Not Recommended,414340,34117268,Posted: 8 August,all,Core2029,"I cannot see how they'd limit lives when you're almost immediately put in timed situations where you have no idea where to go.  I ran out of time literally 2 feet from the goal in one of the first occurrances of this.  What in the ever-love'n FSCK?!   This isn't Dragon's Lair or Galaga. You already have my money and limiting tries  doesn't add a sense of consequences, it only adds a constant fear of being forced to watch (play?) the story back to that point all over again.There's no replayability here unless you're as crazy as your avatar and repetition is your thing.  It's not ""fun"" to ""play"".  It's interesting and entertaining as a story but that's it. The constant fear of having to restart completely choked out the story and immersion for me.It's obvious that a lot of loving care went into crafting this... thing, and I have to believe that at least ONE person in that meeting where you decided yay or nay against limiting (Edit: OR PRETENDING TO LIMIT) lives was a nay; you should have listened to them.REFUNDED."
,Not Recommended,414340,34101878,Posted: 8 August,all,OneBananaTooFar,"The presentation and detail in the characters mental state and issues are really well done, but the game lacks when it comes to the combat the game falls apart, controls weirdly, heavy, light and fast attacks don't really differ from eachother and the dodges and blocks aren't that good either, Buy this if you're looking for a Journey/Abzu or vanishin of ethan carter feel.The puzzles feel repetative and drawn out, leaving you frustrated and tired as you're thrust into a broken fight against that same 1 enemy over and over again."
,Not Recommended,414340,34336652,Posted: 18 August,all,Nemeth782,This is... boring. It's not really a game. I should have given up in the extended cutscene that is spening 20 mins going down a river slowly at the start watching credits with no option to skip.Don't bother.
,Not Recommended,414340,34190832,Posted: 12 August,all,HAWNEYMAN,Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
,Not Recommended,414340,34454640,Posted: 24 August,all,Tyrannosaurus,"""Oh noes creepy voices!"""
,Recommended,414340,34095184,Posted: 7 August,all,Juergens,For Melina Juergens.For Ninja Theory.
,Not Recommended,414340,34110890,Posted: 8 August,all,Brotip,no
76561198037370792,Not Recommended,414340,34114112,Posted: 8 August,all,Infinite,Short version: too much ambiance not enough action.
,Not Recommended,414340,34096270,Posted: 7 August,all,Lenny,"I've been following the development of the game since it's announcement a few years back, and while it's impressive that a small team were able to make the game, I just can't enjoy it.Now while I wouldn't necessarily recommend the game for people like me, I'd for sure recommend it for others that enjoy story heavy games."
76561198025165191,Not Recommended,414340,34134645,Posted: 9 August,all,zjwillie,"Sort playtime, but enough to see this game was not for me, nor can I recommend it. It is beautiful and the audio is amazing, but the gameplay, what little there seemed to be felt like absolute trash. Watched a few streamers play this, and wow, it doesn't change at all. Same super easy slug combat. Cheers."
,Not Recommended,414340,34211821,Posted: 13 August,all,Kilo,"Well overhyped, combat & puzzles all very easy and repetitive. Story is ok but certainly nothing special...Pros: graphicsCons: everything elseI currently can't recommend this based on the asking price, as It's not worth anything over £10 at most."
76561198150280436,Not Recommended,414340,35214101,Posted: 25 September,all,Abaakaboola,If this game wins any awards.. It should be for best representation of a buck tooth hillbilly viking with dreadlocks.Seriously. This game is way overhyped. Bejeweled has better mechanics.The story is semi-ok but this find the shape garbage gets really old really fast.In Fact the whole mechanic of the game is pretty much find the shape and every now and then hack some weird random guy up like a manic fruitbar with a sword.I recommend this if you like Stanley Parable(which is also garbage unless you are really drunk and then it is ok).
76561198130268469,Not Recommended,414340,34112770,Posted: 8 August,all,skyhrg,"I only played a litte bit, and then wanted to make sure what I thought was right, so I watched other youtubers playing this, where they played for many more hours, and as I skimmed through the middle of the gameplays, it confirmed my thoughts and I believe it's ok to post this review.Graphics: 11/10The graphics just don't get any better than this. Using the Unreal 4 engine, this game's graphics is incredible. It's probably safe to say that it has the best graphics of 2017, or near it. It's incredibly atmospheric and realistic.Atmosphere: 9.5/10The 3D sound, incredible graphics, realistic movement(?), lighting, etc. make this a pretty immersive experience. But...Combat: 5/10It does look like the company put some work into the melee combat but it's just too rudimentary and consequently boring and non-challenging. The enemy will usually make a huge grunt or telegraph the swing, you side-step, then mash buttons. Or break his guard with a kick, then hit repeatedly. It really wasn't the complex melee system I believe they marketed it as. The combat is pretty non-challenging, repetitive, and the combat gets boring fast. Also, all the enemies look pretty much the same.Let's just say, it's no dark souls.Gameplay: 4/10REAALLLLLYYYY slow! 70% of the time you're walking, 20% you're looking at amazing cinematographic graphics and cutscenes, etc. and 10% you're doing repetive, boring combat.This game is more of a walking simulator, atmospheric game with some light, simple combat.That is why I just can't recommend it. It has amazing graphics, but at the end of the day, It's really boring.EDIT:I understand this game is supposed to show what psychosis is like, but at the end of the day, we don't really need 6~9 hours of this. ""Ok, I get it, voices in my head, hallucinations, etc."" In the end, what kind of game is this?Is this a walking simulator?Is this an action game?Is this an immersive, educational experience about psychosis?The game doesn't do any of the above well. It just mashes those elements together and hopes to create value out of it, but the end result is just boring..."
,Not Recommended,414340,34444653,Posted: 23 August,all,SeZZy,"2edgy4me- Game looks good- Combat is too easy, I can parry these guys with my screen turned off.- Story is pretty autistic- The puzzles are too simple- Too much walking5/10"
76561198066059776,Not Recommended,414340,34149769,Posted: 10 August,all,Feng Zehui,"There is no economy, attribute, nor equipment settings in the game. As a result, killing bosses are not rewarding at all. In darksouls you kill boss to fulfill the duty of gods and save humanity. In witchers you kill boss for the bounty, or save your friends. In this game you kill boss for nothing. It's more of a puzzle game and walking simulator really."
,Not Recommended,414340,34152584,Posted: 10 August,all,Ruttedlocket,>.>
,Not Recommended,414340,34150536,Posted: 10 August,all,ugnu,"Definitely not my type of game. Was bored out of my mind. Combat is not fun at all, better off without it. And I really didn't give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about protagonist during this whole ""story"". Also it was sooo ♥♥♥♥ing long, holy moly.Music was most of the time immersive (espicially during combat with fire god whatshisface), but sometimes it was just wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Visuals are great though.Why the ♥♥♥♥ did I buy this crap?! Not worth at all. :/"
,Not Recommended,414340,34128580,Posted: 9 August,all,Dear Legacy,"29,99€ for 6-8 hours of walking simulator is too much;…walk with me for first 25 mins.~LegacyBtw nice graphics and amazing headphones experience."
76561198027715147,Not Recommended,414340,34255023,Posted: 15 August,all,Sand Emperor,This was complete garbage
,Not Recommended,414340,34108630,Posted: 8 August,all,Tempest_Mist,"I really like the game, but I can not adjust resolution, the option is there but  just arrows and a blank space where the sizes should be.  The camera moves slowly too. The combat is great but not enough of it.Sadly like most indie games games they look great graphically but run badly on certain PC's, considering I have no problem playing Rise of The Tomb Raider & Sniper Elite 4 I have to say this at the present time is badly optimized (for me) Being told to play the game in windowed full-screen for the best experience is not great either since I don't know what resolution I'm playing on. Hopefully the developers will fix the resolution problem and add more graphic options to the menu. As of now I'm giving this a thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,414340,34108234,Posted: 8 August,all,Tarradax,"Never would I have guessed that a game by Ninja Theory would bore me this much. This is not action, this is not adventure, this is an embarassment to the studio that brought some of the best action games to date. This is a Viking Walking Simulator and it's dull, dull, dull, DULL.Edit: A lot of people seem to disagree. That's a good thing. Forge your own opinions, don't play/watch/enjoy what other people tell you to (or not to). Don't look at the discussion though."
,Not Recommended,414340,34253089,Posted: 15 August,all,Vermilion Wlad,What an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a videogame.
,Not Recommended,414340,34096040,Posted: 7 August,all,BlackJack λ,"Pretty bad PC Port. The key to jump is F, combat feels sluggish. No FOV slider, no mouse sensitivity options, and cannot turn off auto centre. Besides that the game is painfully slow . Graphics are alright by today's standards.Atmospheric does not =♥♥♥♥♥♥movement. New Tomb Raiders for example"
76561198189084675,Not Recommended,414340,35193309,Posted: 24 September,all,Geissc,Waited a long time for the game...  Poorly done!  You shouldn't have to be subjected to all the narrative just because you die too many times.  Lousy job Ninja Theory!
,Not Recommended,414340,34120491,Posted: 9 August,all,Bellski,♥♥♥♥♥game awesome graphics
,Not Recommended,414340,34115862,Posted: 8 August,all,Cpl. Punishment,"*start game*Hmm looks decent.*whispering women start*I get it, binaural sound. Cool.*the voices in the head don't shut up*Okay, this is too much like real life.*feeling uneasy as they DO NOT STOP WHISPERING*Uninstall.10/10 would uninstall nuthouse simulator again"
,Not Recommended,414340,34097512,Posted: 8 August,all,MotionlessCashew,"This game is a joke. I will give a few reasons pertaining to this game.Cons1. It looks as if they imported actual videos of people with poor acting.2. The combat in-game is too easy.3. It seems to be more of a movie than an actual game. Times where you cannot skip the cinematic scenes. As I said, It seems as if you're watching rather than playing.4. The comparison between the graphics of the Character to the Landscape is extravagant. It seems they put more work into the character than of the actual landscape.Pros1. The character has a realistic sense. But again the acting of the character is poor compared to other games like Resident Evil 7 and Quantum Break.End Of Review."
76561198043849657,Not Recommended,414340,34222579,Posted: 13 August,all,oO Nick Oo,not good
76561198056179821,Not Recommended,414340,34095895,Posted: 7 August,all,颙琰逆晏,"no foot ik, camera pitch range is not good"
76561198026582353,Not Recommended,414340,34120516,Posted: 9 August,all,formerSLO,"If you have enjoyed the Witcher 3, it's likely you won't enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,414340,34469042,Posted: 24 August,all,aeon,"This is the worst game I have ever played. Seriously. I have literally had diarrhea that was more enjoyable than this trash. The only thing I didn't actively hate about this game was the mocap on Senua. That was fantastic. Everything else was awful.Have you ever wanted to be whispered to ""run"", knowing that all you can do is walk so ♥♥♥♥ing painfully slow that you want to die? Have you ever thought ""it would be enjoyable to dodge an enemy once and then button mash X until they die""? Do you desire to slowly walk from point A to point B, only to have to turn around and go to a point half way between, look at something, then slowly walk back to point B? Do you feel a burning desire to waste your life? THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,414340,34095930,Posted: 7 August,all,HaJwAlH Hawk 💪,Meh...
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,414340,34116628,Posted: 8 August,all,NIN2,Mental illness simulator! I've just pushed the refund button. A voice in my head told me to refund. Refund. Refund!!! Refund Senua? Senua must refund. Now I will........
76561198285818289,Recommended,414340,34100885,Posted: 8 August,all,cruzandrew22,GREAT FOR 3RD PERSON VIEW FANS WONT DISAPPOINT
76561198178413750,Recommended,414340,34101023,Posted: 8 August,all,Radiolysis,Don't go into this expecting a fast paced action game despite Ninja Theory's prior titles.  This is very much  an experimental game that could only ever have been done independently.  I don't think any major publisher would have carried this game.  Not everyone is going to like it.  I have really enjoyed if for what few hours I have put into it.  Its got some issues.  Combat feels put in for the sake of having combat in the game.  Some of the puzzles can bog down the pacing. I would say give it a try.  Some complain about how homogenous the industy can be.  Supporting games like this can help break the cycle.
76561198060868365,Recommended,414340,34110149,Posted: 8 August,all,Jubilax,"This game is wow, hands down. The voice from game on the headphones, like some1 is whispering you, like some1 is near you. I like the story so far, about vikings with celtic warrior, couldnt be better than this. The Senua's performance is astonishing. And the mental illness darn sometimes it gives me chills on my back. Awesome to play.10/10 Glad i did preorder the game i knew it will be a diamond one."
,Recommended,414340,34111057,Posted: 8 August,all,<R> Ecchymosis,Great Game -
,Recommended,414340,34118349,Posted: 8 August,all,Clairvius,"I just finished this game, It took me 7 1/2 hours to complete. When I read up on this game, the Dev made a comment that it's half the size of a AAA game so it would be half the price. When i saw this i was expecting 3 hours of gameplay tops. I was pretty shocked that it took that long to play through. A bunch of AAA games won't give you a 7+ Hr story line.Graphics wise, this game is beautiful. Enviroment is stunning and the charectors look real.Really enjoyed the game. At the price, i don't see any reason not to grab it. As for as gameplay, i feel like it could have had a little more combat. The first couple missions of the game seem to drag on, Hang in there though, it gets bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy about half way through. I feel like, in a way, the game would have been much better with a few more demons. Maybe some less powerful skeletons or something spawning while you where walking around to kind of kill the agony of wondering around. But then again it may not have been as good with more action. Id def. say this is more story rich than a hack and slash.Anyway, really is a solid game. I got my $30 worth of enjoyment out of it. If you're on the fence on grabbing, I'd say give it a shot."
,Recommended,414340,34118371,Posted: 8 August,all,Tazmania,"I just learned of this game the day before it came out. Judging by the screenshots and trailers, the game instanly grabbed my attention. When the game did come out, I found myself captivated by the beauty and horror that the game had in just its opening scene. I ended up playing through the game in only two sittings,and with the hint at a sequel in the end, I hope Ninja theory puts in as much devotion as they did this game.All in all I'd say that you should play this game if your looking for a cinematic experience. Also the depth that the creators put into the psychosis aspects of the game, is mind boggling."
,Recommended,414340,34117718,Posted: 8 August,all,Gerri,"If you want all the knit picky things about the game here they are:1. The combat is not fun...at all. The game would be soo much better without it.2. There is a feature in the game that causes you to lose your save if you die too many times. I think that is trying too hard to be a ""difficult"" feature, to me it is just annoying.3. Sometimes the character clips through the ground during cutscenes.4. There are a few grammar errors in the subtitles and sometimes the subtitles don't match what the people are saying or don't keep up with what they are saying.Now that that is all out of the way I have to say this game is great. The puzzles are pretty fun and the story is just amazing. The voices in your head can sometimes give you advice but also sometimes make you think you are going the wrong way when you are not. The visuals are just amazing, thats all I can really say.The game is amazing and the knit picky stuff I listed is just that, knit picky. They aren't game breaking. The only REAL issue I have is the stupid rot feature. There are a lot of times that you die just because there isn't anything telling you how to face an enemy. This wouldn't be an issue if you had as many times as you want to try and get it right but the rot feature makes it so you have to worry about your whole save being erased. Other than that I'd day this game is a 10/10."
76561197974537691,Recommended,414340,34117675,Posted: 8 August,all,aSolemnBough,"Summary: Hell of a game.  Great Story.  Great visuals.  Incredible immersion.  Play with a good headset.This game definitely seems like one of those gaming experiences that will stick in your mind when you think back on your gaming history.It's not overly long and that's not a bad thing, I beat it in about 6 and half hours, could be a bit longer to get all of the story collectables.  All in all it gets the story across without becoming stale, or adding unnecessary filler.The graphics look great.  The voice acting, and facial recognition are top notch.  It all really kept me in the moment.Combat is fine, not hard, not overly easy.  Enough variation to play with to keep things interesting for the duration.  Don't count on this being the selling point.I think the point where this game shines, and the developers really tried their best, was to put you in a position where you can feel empathy for Senua.  The symptoms of psychosis really start to make you feel uncomfortable (in a good/interesting way?), especially if you play it completely through in one go.  Really made me come out the other side with a lingering sense of being on edge, almost expecting to hear the familiar voices calling out after taking the headset off.The game takes more than a few liberties with your sanity.  One that particularly worried me was the stated ""perma-death"" system, which erases all of your progress if you die too many times and allow the ""rot"" to reach your head.  That was a stroke of genius on the part of the developer, because while it may alienate some players it really puts you in that desperate, paranoid mindset.  And for those that want to know if I failed too many times during my playthrough, the answer is yes... but, and only read if this would make or break the game for you...it really only spat me back to the beginning of the current chapter, thank god!So, if you like story and immersion, and can stand be a little frightened, uncomfortable, and paranoid, definitely try this one out!"
76561197991014323,Recommended,414340,34117759,Posted: 8 August,all,Kaiyne,"A lot of thought, effort and love went into this game.Atmospheric is an understatement.  It's hard not to become emotionally invested.Visuals are crisp and detailed like a 4K movie.Audio is award worthy.  Great acting throughout.Combat is simple but visceral and rewarding.10/10 - Would shout 'get up, get up, get up' while mashing the A button again."
76561197990773654,Recommended,414340,34118997,Posted: 8 August,all,GuruRana,Thoroughly sucked into the setting. Audio and visuals are stunning. Truely a masterpiece
76561198372495407,Recommended,414340,34119188,Posted: 8 August,all,ii Claymore,This game is so good. Awesome graphics. Emotional and so perfect and so challenging. I got nothing more to say except that you have to buy it!
,Recommended,414340,34116375,Posted: 8 August,all,vmystikilv,"Im not sure how to put this.. So I will keep it short.First. This is the most beautiful game I have ever played in my lifetime. That alone makes it worth it. With every thing set at max, my Titan X stays around 70-110 FPS (1080P w/144hz)  and it is utterly amazing. The graphics alone are worth the money.Second. This is a play along story, The fighting is ""just ok"" and so are the puzzles. I feel if the puzzles where any harder though I would be fustrated and any easier and I would feel unchallenged so I guess they are perfect. I am just not the biggest puzzle kinda guy but they do go well with the story.3rd, Did I mention the game is beautiful.4th. I can already tell this is my favorite game of 2017. I never even knew it was being made until I saw it on the day of release on steam. Its a great story and its a perspective is one I have never played from a character before. The character is schzo and it shows throughout the game both visual and audio wise.5th. The audio. Either have a great pair of headphones or a very high end two channel setup to do this game justice. Its easily the best graphic and sound game of 2017I've said what i needed to say. This is a game I would have paid double for easily and there are not many games I can say that to. I would tell anyone on the planet if they have a rig that can handle it to add it to there collection. Even if you dont like games like this, the graphics alone make it worth to keep."
76561198157670008,Recommended,414340,34115773,Posted: 8 August,all,ds_vglevelxwriter,"Just to you know off the rip: Ninja Theory is one of, if not my favorite developer. I think they're extremely underrated. I don't care for DmC like most people cry over because that wasn't one of their original IPs (even heard they really didn't want to work on it).Anyway, I've been following the game since it was first announced. I watched all the developer diaries; pretty much knew everything about the game and knew what I was getting. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice isn't for everyone; especially with the generation of gamers we have now. It's very much story driven but it's not some ""movie game"" a lot of people like to throw out at games like this. There's solid gameplay in that Ninja Theory being known for their hack & slash antics. The puzzles in this game are very interesting; nothing extremely difficult (but can take time) but it makes the tasks not that irritating. Each section for before going up against the Gods makes sense. There wasn't a moment when I thought the lead up to the fight didn't connect with my future enemy. The trials are perhaps some of the most creative moments of the game as each one really messes with your head, causes you to really use your other senses (headsets/headphonesmake this game a whole lot better too: as others will say). There's other stuff, but I'll leave that up to others to talk about or you to discover yourself.I did run into two or three glitches were the sword wasn't drawn out during battle which had me going back to the main menu and starting over. Aside from that, I didn't have any issues while playing the game. All-in-all; I already knew what I was getting into when I got the game and enjoyed it. However, if you're not into female leads, story driven games, developers taking a chance on something different than the usual stuff we get or Ninja Theory games aren't your cup of tea... I'd say stay away. Although, I'm sure you already know whether you want the game or not. Because I know you're smart and only you know what you enjoy! :D"
,Recommended,414340,34115791,Posted: 8 August,all,K-ru,"Simple, with the 30 bucks you saved from buying this game, go and buy a pair of headphones. You won't regret it!"
76561198328792895,Recommended,414340,34116067,Posted: 8 August,all,EMKND,Very nice game 9/10
76561197970724420,Recommended,414340,34116347,Posted: 8 August,all,Parramha,Awesome game Ninja Theory.
76561197995984083,Recommended,414340,34118874,Posted: 8 August,all,Somtaaw,Love it!!!
76561197998219444,Recommended,414340,34118781,Posted: 8 August,all,Zulu,"I'm still early on but I am hooked!! The combat defaults to Auto which I recomend changing to Normal, at normal the combat I would not call hard but it is very satisfying challenge. Like all the other reviews headphones is very recommended to get the full effect of the awesome sound design of this game. I can not wait to play through the rest!!!"
76561198015292026,Recommended,414340,34099945,Posted: 8 August,all,Cheapdate,"Wow.Play with headphones, really. Switch the lights out while you are at it. And play alone. In an empty house. at about 2am. In a storm.Visuals are top notch and the sound is excellent.And I thought the voices inmyhead were bad. This chick has some serious issues and quite literaly has hell to go through.Gameplay video does not do this game justice.Word of warning: There is perma death where you have to start over, you have to die a fair bit for that to kick in. There is a combat difficulty rating so dweebs like me can feel like a superhero."
76561198001732723,Recommended,414340,34098216,Posted: 8 August,all,Darius T Rucker,This game is neato. Spooky world.
,Recommended,414340,34100251,Posted: 8 August,all,TS Son,"This game is incredible. I've been following the game for a while, but haven't put much stock in it due to being unimpressed with DmC. However, Ninja THeory thurroughly proved me wrong here.The game follows a celtic woman who has traveled to Helheim to rescue her lover that was sacrificed to Hela. THe Lore of the game is very authentic, and while I'm not an expert on norse mythology, I am an enthusiast on the subject and consider myself quite informed on the subject. It isn't perfect, and there are some palces where they've taken a different interpretation, but they ont he whole they have stayed true tot he mythos.The places this game really excels at are: Atmosphere, voice acting, graphics/art style, and story. The combat is simple in it's application, but it quickly becomes apparent that combat is about survivng, not getting combos off. You're given a light attack, heavy attack, a kick, parry/block, and dodge as your combat tools and you will be pitted against gods and giants. Each enemy brings something new to the table nad you need to be able to adapt. Fighting multiple enemies brings even more to the table as your positioning becomes very important in these scenarios.The effects of Psychosis are very er effective in this game. They stated theyv'e teamed up with nuero scientist, psychologist, and people suffering from psychosis and it shows. The best part about this is tha tif you listen to the whispers, they will sometimes warn you before something happens.The game is reportedly short, but I haven't reached the end yet (six horus in), and if you die too many times your save is deleted which will certainly increase the play time on the game. This feature actually adds to the, already, intense and almost paniced atmosphere of the game.All in all, I'd say this game is a must buy for any gaming ""connoisseur"" and absolutely for any fan of viking mythology."
,Recommended,414340,34098354,Posted: 8 August,all,Anonysaurus,"She's good, she's good.."
,Recommended,414340,34098571,Posted: 8 August,all,Threxi0n,"So after playing and defeating one of the gods, I finally had to pry myself away from the game because I need sleep...Is the game fun? Hell yes! Is the game worth $30? Yes, it's easily worth the price. That being said, you need to know what kind of game you're getting into. If you want an immersive, emotional story mixed with puzzle elements, and paced combat that feels very satisfying, this game is a no-brainer. Get it. So far, there is a decent bit of walking/storytelling outside of the combat/puzzle elements, but it never really feels dull or boring to me, and if you like a good story(or ten), then you'll be entertained throughout. My personal opinion? Unless you're completely turned off by the fact that it's not an endless action-packed slaughterfest, then just get it. This game offers fun combat, Some of the best visuals, sound, and overall immersion any game has offered in a VERY long time. I personally have nothing bad to say about this game, especially for the price.  P.S. - You might get stuck a little bit on some of the puzzles if you're dumb and/or don't play games with puzzles to solve :P Seriously though... Bravo, Ninja Theory. I can't wait to continue playing this game. A personal 10/10 for me so far."
76561197969317525,Recommended,414340,34099487,Posted: 8 August,all,Waterjockey,I have a lot of games on Steam...I have commented on none and reviewed none..until now..  I had seen a few reviews recommending headphones for total immersion in the game...and i thought..why..  Believe me you start this..there is no going back.  Put on your headphones and listen to the voices...are they from your head or Senua's...  Just starting out you will find yourself as Senua..paddling down a river.  You need to hear...the voices..they comment..command..you don't want to be here....  But..you need to be to play this game...  Take a breath..listen..and wait...
76561198014304714,Recommended,414340,34099991,Posted: 8 August,all,NynjaSquirrel,"I almost never review anything, but this has me on the edge of my seat. As others have said - wear headphones for this, surround if possible. I'm going to be hearing these voices whispering in my head, long after I've taken the headphones off!"
,Recommended,414340,34099206,Posted: 8 August,all,Hunlight,Short review:Game is goodGame is InterestingFew fps drops at some palces hope of a new performance patch from nvidiaRig: Ryzen 5 1600 + Gtx 1070Story: For this moment it kinda interesting and I want to find out what its about 10/10Gameplay: Hmm smth between witcher3 and darksouls series with hell flashes from doom hmm I think its a ncie combo 8/10Overall: Worth paying  30 eurs (while msot of nowadays  new games costs like 60) for a good game with decent gameplay and storyline.
76561198065728167,Recommended,414340,34100177,Posted: 8 August,all,Lightiningcobra,ASMR the game.( Is having psychosis or schizophrenia just always having to listen to an asmr?)
76561198045398611,Recommended,414340,34100099,Posted: 8 August,all,Peter,Nice immersive game with great graphics.   10/10
76561198083206483,Recommended,414340,34100342,Posted: 8 August,all,ZelmZayed,Game crashes for me anyone else having that problem?
,Recommended,414340,34101123,Posted: 8 August,all,Omega Leader,I had no idea what to expect. It's worth it.
,Recommended,414340,34101234,Posted: 8 August,all,Twiggy,"This game gave me a frighten, like that time I was trippin' balls :OThe peeps at Ninja Theory created a disturbingly wonderful title, 10/10 !Play with headphones you MUST!"
,Recommended,414340,34097044,Posted: 7 August,all,Federal,"Started this game the second it was playable. Great graphics, No lag. The voices, these things get scary. Must play with headphones and in the dark. It's a top recomended game."
,Recommended,414340,34097211,Posted: 7 August,all,WLBH THE THIRD BEST,"This game is awesome. The stroy and gameplay are top-notch. Don't overlook this one just because the devs made DMC, turns out they only ruin other people's IPs and do great with their own."
76561198262540605,Recommended,414340,34098168,Posted: 8 August,all,nevejes,"I have been anticipating this game ever since I first heard about it at E3 2015. And I am not disappointed. It's not difficult gameplay wise (so far anyway), but I wasn't expecting it to be, nor do I need it to be to enjoy it.The atmosphere... wow.. The voices in her mind are haunting. The story, thus far, is very good. And the perfomance is top notch.The game itself looks gorgeous visually. Amazing work done with a small team.I may not be far into the game so far but I am enjoying it."
76561198387144920,Recommended,414340,34098110,Posted: 8 August,all,kokorebi,Unique!
,Recommended,414340,34096870,Posted: 7 August,all,Niham,Fantastic so far!
,Recommended,414340,34096782,Posted: 7 August,all,BurntToast,"Gorgeous game, headphones def. reccomended, keeps crashing, however. Runs fine otherwise, first day; its expected. very impressed."
,Recommended,414340,34096892,Posted: 7 August,all,Frown Town,"Fantastic game that completely blew me away. Went above and beyond all my expectations. The combat is not realistic, but it's fluid, visceral, sometimes easy, sometimes tough, and very fun. It's much more entertaining than the Batman: Arkham or Assassin's Creed formulas. The story and acting are top notch, keeping me interested from the second I turned on the game - although I knew I would, judging from the setting I'd seen in trailers.I highly recommend this game to any fans of Dark Fantasy, Hack & Slash, and narrative-driven adventure games."
,Recommended,414340,34096895,Posted: 7 August,all,Death Trap,"Could be call : ""Best screenshot simulator 2017""Immersive story telling game about a celtic, mentaly hill, casual looking, bad♥♥♥♥♥girl with a sword and a head in a bag.You have to walk in superb and creepy environement, slauther vickings and dark things while listening to various voices who some times help you in your quest, some times teach you one thing or two about nordic and celtic culture, and others will be here to distract and make room for immersion.Game is gorgeous at evry spec, low or ultra and run smooth on a low labtob wich is very rare and mostly at day one ! cheers to NinjaTheory dev team for this !!!Dont know if it's a bug but I had like no tutorial or hint on the key while in game, had to try it out by myself (I could have look at it in the option menu) For me it was greatly immersive + I recommend playing with a controler.In term of combat it's very smooth  and you feel like a happy butcher on drugs. I'm not very far and the fight are easy yet you have to pay attention and to pary/dash well but it's not overhelming.For the price and the polish I greatly recommend this game to player who seek something like a mix of ""Tomb Raider"" and ""Ryse : son of Rome"" with the taste of ""Alice : Madness return"" and ""Jotun"". Yeah I'll drink that cocktail often."
,Recommended,414340,34096910,Posted: 7 August,all,aimei66,"Running this on a 1070 with an i7 and it runs smooth for the most part. I get the feeling this is less of a game and more of an experiance because for the first 20mins you barely have control over the character. As an experiance so far it's amazing, with headphones on it is borderline disturbing with the many voices encouraging and insulting you as you play it. The voice work is also amazing, but this is where my problem comes with it as a game. Notice how everything I am praising has very little to do with gameplay.Thats because as a game so far it's mediocure; combat is ok, level design so far is linear in the negative sense and the only real thing gameplay wise to make me think oooo cool is the puzzles. Maybe my feelings will change as I get further in, but right now I recommend it highly as an interactive movie and i don't recommend it as a game."
76561198012125205,Recommended,414340,34541804,Posted: 27 August,all,Showstopper,Absolutely stunning game! easily a 9.3/10 for me. graphics are great (odd no footprints and some clipping issues). sound and atmosphere are fantastic! soundtrack is amazing. combat is easy but very enjoyable. great freaking game. random bugs here and there. one on a boss fight where she wouldnt draw her sword and the boss could not kill me. had to stop and start the game again to get it to work.
,Recommended,414340,34521357,Posted: 26 August,all,Armagon,"It's an impressive feat that Ninja Theory has pulled off here; with a game that is incredibly harrowing, and utterly engrossing at the same time. While the underlying mechanics at work were generally very simple, I felt like they complimented the narrative well. Actions generally felt good to perform and in many respects, reinforced the oppressive tone the game was driving for.The only very minor quibble I have with the game was the odd case of a camera getting stuck inconveniently behind a wall during combat; mostly if Senua herself had been driven back into a corner. Thankfully this happened happened rarely and never actually got me killed, so it didn't really spoil my enjoyment.At the end of the day, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent example of a developer tackling incredibly risky subject matter with superb production values that could easily have backfired on them. I couldn't imagine any big publisher greenlighting a project tackling themes of psychosis and mental illness so honestly.This is a no-brainer purchase if you enjoy horror in any form or if you're looking for an experience unlike any other."
76561198081883694,Recommended,414340,34524005,Posted: 27 August,all,COMIPost,"A really really good but short, single player campaign.That's pretty much it.Plus, a movie about the making of said single player campaign.* A machine capable of high framerate high-end graphics helps with immersion.Potatos are forbidden entrance to helheim, least they be cursed.* A pair of headphones capable of 3D sound REALLY helps with immersion.>>>WEAR THE HEADPHONES, THE GAME WAS MADE FOR IT.<<<One last thing.This is a game about psychosis. So if some crazy strikes your fancy, LAY THAT THRITY DOLLARS DOWN!"
76561198167363798,Recommended,414340,34527348,Posted: 27 August,all,hellopeople4545,"If you love single player games that has a deep story, this is deffinately the game for you. A very deep character developement and revelation, upon finishing the game left me thinking of what phsycosis really is. Ninja theory has deffinately achieve something that is no other triple A title has done. Kudos to them and would love to see more of this in the future. This is a must buy."
76561198007620608,Recommended,414340,34522698,Posted: 27 August,all,Dowdy,Great game. Visually stunning and emmersive. Running around and solving puzzles was the best part. Only beef I have is the story was a bit too jumbled from her crazy point of view. Overall 8/10.
76561197972231345,Recommended,414340,34522963,Posted: 27 August,all,4 Kronor,don't mind me. i am just here to rate it up.
,Recommended,414340,34541021,Posted: 27 August,all,[2ndLt] S.Nili [PTF],"Best 30 Euros I've ever spent on Steam. Masterpiece of a game. Looks stunning, best looking game I've played in my life right before Witcher 3. Storyline leaves you speechless. Creative puzzles.Once of a kind use of a not-so-famous element: audio. Playing this with a pair of headphones is priceless.No paid-DLC bullsh*t which is always appreciated. 30 Euros for a game with better quality than 99% of today's AAA games, which all cost twice as much as this.All in all: Will 101% recommend. This is a must for everyone who can appreciate an actually good and well-built game."
,Recommended,414340,34528174,Posted: 27 August,all,Tonedeaf,10/10Combat is basic but deep and when you pull off a good combo it just feel powerful.Puzzles are fine especially the latter ones.Probably the best cinematic moments I have ever experiencedFantastic story deeply layeredincredible sound design
76561197970407690,Recommended,414340,34536670,Posted: 27 August,all,Kenai,"First of all this is not only a game, it's an experience and at the same time a love it or hate it experience.Having said that, for me this was something incredible, and I only got frustrated one time when I was lost in the beginning of the game.The graphics are amazing and you should play this at high settings to really appreciate it.You get immersed in this game and my suggestion is that don't use subtitles.Also if you can, I really recommend playing in the dark because of the dark setting of the game.I really liked the story, all characters and especially Senua. The voice acting was AAA quality,the facial animations are probably the best I have seen in a game and the soundtrack is really fitting.This is a really tense game at times when it needs to be. Finding your way through pitch black darknessor getting swarmed by many enemies from every direction.But those are things that I was really enjoying, not knowing what is lurking in the dark gets your heart rate going or parrying enemies hitting you front and back was really satisfying.The combat is simple but at the same time works flawlessly and reminded me of Bloodborne.Some people may find the puzzles repetitive or boring, but I enjoyed them as much as the rest of the game.The thing that I liked the most was the sound design.All the sounds and voices you hear is just something else and you have to experience it by playing the game.All in all this is my favorite game of this year and Ninja Theory did an incredible job with it.Hopefully they will make a sequel or a dlc for this because I was left wanting for more.Highly recommended."
76561198017337603,Recommended,414340,34439711,Posted: 23 August,all,Knowinglylost,"Hellblade is a novel new way at using hte game medium to provide a game experience. The interactive storytelling is top notch and excellent work out of an indy game. I would heartily recommend this game for $60, and the $30 original asking price is excellent!"
,Recommended,414340,34441170,Posted: 23 August,all,Lambtron,now a diagnosed schizophrenic
76561198322814396,Recommended,414340,34439011,Posted: 23 August,all,pinkmystink,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice was an enjoyable experience and I think that the 6 and a half hours it took me to complete the game were well worth the price. Despite my recommendation I do think it is important to know what you are getting into, because I don't think this game will be everyones cup of tea. The game is extremely linear, and is almost a walking simulator at time. The elements of the game involving mental health, and the optional dialogs you can listen too do serve to keep the walking interesting (at least for me anyway). The combat is enjoyable and when its working as intended it has a really good flow, but keep in mind that there isn't an in depth combo system or anything like that. When not walking, or fighting, you'll mainly be completing puzzles, these are hit or miss, some are far to easy while other can be pretty interesting/entertaining. Again I do recommend this game, the story, atmosphere, and just overall presentation are excellent, and if you like the combat system like I did, I think you will have a lot of fun with Hellblade."
,Recommended,414340,34439161,Posted: 23 August,all,Rasputin,Truly excellent and original game. The puzzzles are fun and challenging at times. The combat both feels and looks really beautiful. The use of mythology is awesome and the art design is great. I cannot recomend this game enough a must buy
,Recommended,414340,34440930,Posted: 23 August,all,joerogersnh,"Beautiful from start to finish. Even at ~8 hours, I'd pay $60 for this game. It was that good."
,Recommended,414340,34447539,Posted: 23 August,all,biker71,"Intense and mesmerizing game, with the best facial animation I have ever seen!"
,Recommended,414340,34448314,Posted: 23 August,all,TeX,Great story telling. But I'd wait for a steam sale. If under 20 buck would definitely be worth it
,Recommended,414340,34446949,Posted: 23 August,all,Ogare,One of the most unique gaming experiences i've ever had. This game deserves full AAA title price. Play with headphones.
,Recommended,414340,34448053,Posted: 23 August,all,Nabibas,"amazing game.give us more game like this, packed with narative and symbolism ,and so well done.a story with a massage anyone can relate to and learn from .while also being mechanically satisfying.a masterpiece"
76561198008728071,Recommended,414340,34447131,Posted: 23 August,all,Slavina Langley,This game is an unforgettable experience
,Recommended,414340,34447289,Posted: 23 August,all,Pri$on Mike,"PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME.Seriously, one of the best games I've ever played. I love story driven games with great atmosphere and cinematics. Hellblade has great pacing and doen't overdo the walking around, the combat  or the cinematics. Pacing is perfect. The combat is fun and I had some really cool moments where I felt like I was kicking♥♥♥♥♥The theme behind the story is incredibly intriguing... but kind of a spoiler... don't read below if you don't want to know...It's about mental illness. If you've ever experienced or had a loved one go through a mental illness of any kind I think you can get a lot out of this.Incredible game."
76561198002819357,Recommended,414340,34133139,Posted: 9 August,all,Squiggletree,Without a doubt one of the best and interesting games Ive played in a long time!I felt like I was really in teh world that they created and on many occassion looked behind me as the voices were talking. (Play with headphones!) In the more hairy and scary parts the voices really did a great job to keep you on edge.The boss fights were thoroughly entertaining and all different and very cool looking. They had great framework so they had great presence.I wont spoil the end but I cried and I dont normally cry at games at all! There may be sequels and I will deffo be buying at full price as these games with no added DLC and incentives from these independents need to be supported!AMAZING A++++ Original game in a forum where most games are carbon copies.
,Recommended,414340,34133155,Posted: 9 August,all,FistyCuffs32,Best game ive ever streamed in my life great job i couldn't ask for anything more i can't wait for the second one!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198016332467,Recommended,414340,34133276,Posted: 9 August,all,Capt.Diablo,"Phenomenal game, good price point, I highly recommend it. A unique exploration of mental health, with excellent presentation and atmosphere, fantastic voice and motion performing, a fairly simple but fun combat system, this game is great.Some of the puzzles were a bit tedious, with all the rune finding, but the game looks so absolutely fantastic that I actually didn't mind exploring the envioronment for them.In conclusion, if you want to experience a 6-8 hour long well crafted game, with focus on storytelling and character development, I highly recommend you pick this one up."
76561198140023990,Recommended,414340,34133304,Posted: 9 August,all,pdiddy1134,"Helblade is an absolute fantastic cinematic experience. As a game, well.... unfortunately it plays like a suped-up mobile game. It's as linear as any game you've played, has very simplistic/basic combat, and repeats the same puzzle from start to finish (quite literally). I knew very well this would be the case though as I have followed the development of this game since day one. If you have a PS4 and have played The Order, then you will be familiar with this style of ""game"".However, where The Order manages to keep things feeling fresh in it's 5-6 playtime, Hellblade uses (as mentioned before) the same puzzle from start to finish and the combat becomes extremely tedious about 2/3 the way through as it never really grows or changes and enemy variety is meh at best. This would be all fine due to the cinematic-focused experience but everything inbetween the Boss battles and cutscenes ends up feeling like a chore with no real reward except to contiue the story.Enough with the bad. The graphics, atmosphere, storytelling, enemy design,  and sound are all top, i mean top notch (suffice the ending). I truely do enjoy these kinds of experiences but I feel with a little tweaking to the overall variety of the gameplay would make it stand out just a bit more. It's hard to rate a game like this when the best parts have nothing to do with gameplay at all but i do think it is absolutely justified at a $30 price point.Im very very tired, sorry if this makes zero sense."
76561198174593693,Recommended,414340,34124973,Posted: 9 August,all,Boris,"Esse não é um jogo em que você irá ter muitas lutas a maior parte do tempo, ou irá customizar seu personagem para ficar forte e ter várias armas. Isso não acontece, e não quer dizer que o jogo seja ruim por isso. Se você joga com um bom headphone, você ficará imerso nos sons do jogo, e até as vozes e barulhos vão facilitar em algumas partes, como ""siga o som dos gritos"". Acho que gostei do jogo por ser diferente de muitos outros, esse aqui você tem que passar por algumas partes que são quebra-cabeças, você deve montar alguns símbolos para abrir portões, e em seguida lutar com inimigos. E os chefes são bons desafios. Se você quer um jogo para ter briga ou ação o tempo todo, melhor deixar esse queto, mas se você gosta de ótimos gráficos, sons muito bons, e boa imersão, esse pode ser uma ótima opção."
,Recommended,414340,34125869,Posted: 9 August,all,Clann Cadhla,"This is the most beautiful piece of artwork I've ever seen in videogame form.From the visuals, to the audio, to the storytelling... it's all there.Play with headphones, at night, in the dark, and be immersed in the world of Senua's stress and frustration while she's on her quest."
,Recommended,414340,34128004,Posted: 9 August,all,The Crimson Shin,Crazy celt chick goes on a bad drug trip to save her friend with benefits but finds herself along the way.
,Recommended,414340,34128011,Posted: 9 August,all,ckeaney,"Great stuff, properly modern blend of cinematic story telling and hack'n'slash action. Not a loading screen in sight. Excellent visuals and unique use of voices. The action isn't frantic at any point, and the puzzles, such as they are, are satisfying. Recommended for fans of ""action"" games."
,Recommended,414340,34129464,Posted: 9 August,all,Caja,"I remember reading my first book that drawed me in and didn't let me go until I finished it. Fully in awe after the last page.This is it with absolutely beautiful graphics, great music and to be expected fluid fighting.Also many jaw dropping moments.Normally I'm not contended with games that give me less playtime in hours than I pay in Euros, but this wasn't a game.Fully aware that I might sound cheesy as hell, but this was a journey.So, grab it. Support the developers and this amazing AA-game, get 7-10 free hours and play it from start to finish in one sitting. It's worth it.P.S: To be honest I hope they leave the ending open and don't make any DLC's or anything."
76561197963860603,Recommended,414340,34128411,Posted: 9 August,all,Akerfeldt,Decent
,Recommended,414340,34126739,Posted: 9 August,all,Callum,"Great game took about 10 hours with great sound, atmosphere and storytelling that will give a insight into mental health and psychosis.The combat is great in the fights throughout the game and boss fights.Visually the game just looks great aswell as the character and combat animations"
76561198271182619,Recommended,414340,34135913,Posted: 9 August,all,heyyitsnick,An amazing experience. The game is only 30 dollars on release. Great graphics. For those that just want to play the main story of most games this is a game for you. very linear gameplay.
,Recommended,414340,34135053,Posted: 9 August,all,PeekAHchu,Great game
76561198297022939,Recommended,414340,34134967,Posted: 9 August,all,AZAD,magnificent graphicsgreat attackunique puzzleinteresting storywell done Ninja Theory.
,Recommended,414340,34122507,Posted: 9 August,all,be the camper,Great story.
,Recommended,414340,34126098,Posted: 9 August,all,Death&Taxes,Quick warning this game is mostly cutscenes the whole begging into is 10 min of CutscenesI does get fun sometimes and looks really nice in 4kIDK if im going to keep this game but the boss fights are pretty good and all the Nordic history adds layers of entertainment
,Recommended,414340,34137136,Posted: 9 August,all,Mr Sheepie,yes
,Recommended,414340,34137159,Posted: 9 August,all,Adorable Red Panda,"Beautifully crafted experience.  Fun combat, intriguing puzzles, well-directed story and simply INTENSE sound design.  Wonderful visuals too.  Buy it!"
76561198318784361,Recommended,414340,34138116,Posted: 9 August,all,asssmack123,"This game was confusing and different... I like it but, its is short and only worth really one play through."
76561198011970849,Recommended,414340,34138153,Posted: 9 August,all,jsol247,"This game is a masterclass in storytelling. The art style is both brutal and beautiful. You care for Senua and her quest. Walk with her through the claustrophobic and oppressive darkness. Listen with her to the half-heard whispers that guide, cheer, lie and assail her at every turn. Urge her to face her greatest fears as well as her fractured mind. Peer into her mad eyes as she laughs, sobs and screams and realize that you are more than just an observer. You are her only chance to survive her waking nightmares.Ninja Theory created an excellent game. Melina Juergens poured herself into her performance as Senua. As someone with a family member who suffers from schizophrenia, thank you for creating this experience. It truly is something special."
76561198044576775,Recommended,414340,34452547,Posted: 23 August,all,Enemy Jeef,"Even though I haven't finished this game, I'm going to write my review anyway.This has, by far got to be one fo the best games I have ever played. Probably the best story of any game I've played. It has an amazing story. It has heart racing and beautiful combat. It was an enviroment and visuals that are awe inspiring. It has it's few happy moments. It has it's overwhelming amount of terrifying moments. It has puzzles that are blended so well into the story and the game itself that you don't even realize they are actually puzzles. This game has swollowed me in and has captured my very imagination. This story behind this game is so well written, acted, and played out that you aren't even sure whether you're playing a game, watching a movie, or listening to history itself. This isn't just a game... it's a masterpiece. I've tried finding this words to write this review that best that I can, but I still can't even describe how amazing it actually is. I don't think there are enough words to even describe just how terrifyingly beautiful it actually is. All I can say is that regardless of what types of games/genres you may like... I HIGHLY suggest purchasing this game. It is a steal at the original price of $30. It would be a steal of a price at $60. That's just how great this game actually is. I have never wanted a story to not end so badly and I hope with even the 8 hours I have in so far, that I have plenty more. I will definitely replay this game again and again. I just can't get over it. Well done to the team that developed this and the actors and actresses that played a part. This deserves an Oscar! ♥♥♥♥, this game is amazing..."
76561198009479405,Recommended,414340,34451848,Posted: 23 August,all,Kenor,Great game. Not for everyone personally I consider it a masterpiece.
76561197983401247,Recommended,414340,34453603,Posted: 23 August,all,mweb,Wow. What an unusual and well done game.I was unsure about the permadeath but it turned out to not be too much of an issue as I made it through the game ok.You will have to be able to fight effectively but once you learn its not too hard. I played on easy though. I would suggest this to most people unless your an avid gamer with skills.The puzzles were enjoyable and unique. The environments and effects were unlike I have ever seen.The story was incredible too and sad.Definitely reccomend this game.
76561198002560152,Recommended,414340,34453610,Posted: 23 August,all,ZombieNinja,wow. highly reccomend playing this game.
,Recommended,414340,34453470,Posted: 23 August,all,tears,"Not many games are significant, this is."
,Recommended,414340,34453629,Posted: 23 August,all,FinjyOpops,Damn.
,Recommended,414340,34455176,Posted: 24 August,all,JigglyBluff,"One of the best RPG's of the year. Beautifully executed in every respect. Paid for two copies so my boyfriend could play as well, beat the game before he even began, keeping the second copy anyway because despite the fact it's only about 6-8 hours long it's well worth a full price $60 title."
,Recommended,414340,34456817,Posted: 24 August,all,Cattoo,"Beautiful graphics, incredible sound design, and a story that really draws you in. Pretty intense gameplay, although the combat and the puzzels aren't particularly difficult (combat at normal level - I normally play walking sims / point and clicks / outlast-style games etc so combat isn't usually my forte). Definitely has more atmosphere than almost anything else I've played this year and is up there with Outlast 2 for being unsettling and tense!"
,Recommended,414340,34454536,Posted: 24 August,all,onesandzeroes,"Absolutely gorgeous game with some incredibly intense experiences, the sound and visuals work amazingly well together to make you fully experience every second."
76561198136789464,Recommended,414340,34454649,Posted: 24 August,all,Cael Thavain #TF2SP,"Does a game even have the right to be this good?The combat is extremely fun, because you are taught literally nothing and you just get in and ♥♥♥♥ing fight. I had a blast figuring out how to fight more effectively.The bosses are interesting, save for one that was less than enjoyable.The story also doesn't hold your hand, so you better listen up and find those runes.Grusome and interesting, beautiful yet dingy, this game scores higher up on my list of favorite games. Not in my top 10, but having played hundreds of games, that's a really good spot to be.Note: the price is a complete scam, I'd pay 40 or maybe even 50 bucks for this. With only a 30 dollar price tag and about a billion pros to a stunning game, it's a must buy."
,Recommended,414340,34454471,Posted: 24 August,all,Emilia (✿◡‿◡),nice game
76561198018815643,Recommended,414340,34454447,Posted: 24 August,all,PEN15,"This is an important game.First of all, an amazing achievment for the small developer.Gameplay, graphics, storytelling, combat and of course the sound system are beautifully made and designed for an intensive and immersive experience. This game will make you feel every emotion and anxiety that Senua is experiencing in a different way. This is not the kind of story in which you are watching the happenings of your character, but you become one with the character in a very very early stage of the game.Second of all, this project shows us that the small developers can do it, and they can do it big. With our support as customers we can take a small group of talented people into the next big thing. These kinds of projects are inspiring the small entrepreneur on the one hand and show the big companies that beautiful work of art can be made and be sold for half of the price of the AAA games.Totally worth your time and money.An amazing job Ninja Theory!5/5"
76561197997168025,Recommended,414340,34455622,Posted: 24 August,all,Gammelrävajävel,"This game needs to be played. Very interesting Norse lore and interesting, if not important insight into mental disorders of varying severity. If you like darkness, morbidity and psychology this game will be a great time for you. Atleast it was for me. Somehow this game gave me peace of mind. Ofcourse, slaying viking monsters are great too. Combat sections in the game was not what I loved about it tho and it would still be great without some of them. Solid title, I can't recommend it enough!"
76561197970595448,Recommended,414340,34455138,Posted: 24 August,all,crossby,"This game is fantastic; one of the most memorable experiences I have ever had in gaming, and I highly recommend that you get and play this if you are even slightly interested.I could say that this is a piece of art, except that this might put people off. It's first and foremost a highly cinematic game that rewards skilled, careful play and intelligent approaches to puzzle solving. That's not to say you won't progress if you struggle, because you will - it will just feel more natural if you recognise the patterns in attacks and puzzles and defeat them more easily. But Hellblade is so much more than that - it's the experience of playing rather than the mechanics that elevate this above anything else on offer at the moment.If you allow yourself to be immersed in Senua's world, and try to emphasise with her experiences (as fragments of her past are revealed), this is truely harrowing. Despite the short play time I had to spread my time with this game over a couple of weeks because the experience is so intense that it left me sweating and tense, like I really was fighting my own personal demons, which is what the story is about.The lack of any HUD or artificial display of any kind just increases the immersion, and the ""voices in your head"" guide you in a far better way than any mini-map or quest indicator ever could whilst being completely appropriate for Senua's world.  I also like Norse mythology, and it is woven really well into the story here. Seeing Celt and Norse conflict in a game in such a vivid, real environment is a real joy and very rare to see.I'm so glad I paid full price for this, which is still very good value these days, as I got to support a relatively small developer that has created a brilliant work of art that is also a fantastic game to play through. I couldn't thank them enough, and look forward to playing through once more to see what references I pick up on now that I have seen the ending."
,Recommended,414340,34267470,Posted: 15 August,all,Robalineo,"IntroductionThis is probably one of the games I've been the most emotionally invested in since Ori and the blind forest. This game seemed shallow at first and I didn't understand the hype. I loved the concept of the voices in her head and the disturbing nature of the game itself but other than that I didn't really enjoy it. Oh boy was I wrong. I will not spoil any story elements in the game other than naming a few of the gods featured in the game to help with certain points I make.Basic premise of the gameYou are a celtic woman who suffers from psychosis, you travel throughout a hellish world solving puzzles consisting of finding hidden runes in the area with a mix of combat during these areas too. The combat is a typical hack and slash style with evade, light attacks, heavy attacks and so on, standard for games of that genre. The combat however is not overdone in the game I feel as if the game was all combat it would get boring, the game has a very very good  balance between communicating story through voices and the world around you, exploration, puzzles and the combat.The game has pretty well designed bosses too sprinkled throughout the game, they are not easy but not too hard you get stuck on them for hours. Speaking of hours the game is roughly around 6-8 hours long at least for most players.Story (No Spoilers)I feel the story here is the main attribute people buy this game, due to this not many people are going to purchase this for the puzzles or combat, through your playthrough you'll find the story is excellent and it communicates it very nicely without just flooding you with so much information that its too much to take in at once. You get drip fed all the informaton you need throughout the games duration and it all flows very nicely.Tips if you haven't played the game yetEnjoying the game moreWhen playing the game I urge you not to look at any gameplay of the game or read any spoilers including puzzle solutions.The game is best played blind, this applies to most games but this game relies so heavily on story that it applies to this game far more than most. That being said I made the mistake of starting with Valravn instead of Surt which is the main reason I didn't enjoy the beginning as much as the rest of the game. I found the puzzles for Valravn the hardest puzzles in the game due to the fact that I was still learning how to solve and find the clues and such for the ""find the hidden rune"" puzzles that persist through out the game. Therefore I recommend starting with the Surt path when given the option to. After I learned more about the surprisingly deep combat system and clues to help find the runes easier I found myself enjoying the game far far more.PuzzlesWhen looking for the runes there are certain indicators that help you locate them without just directly showing you the rune itself. When you are in the general area of the rune you will see symbols all around you telling you said specific rune is nearby. This may be obvious for most people, I don't know ofcourse, but it took me a while to find this out so I got stuck on some of the early puzzles for some time.CombatThe combat system has many hidden features you may not realise from looking at the controls. Senua has a tablet of sorts on her hip which will have a glowing ring around the border which slowly fills up, when this fills all the way you get one of three stacks which you can see on the tablet. You consume these by focusing during a fight and this will slow down time and let you get significantly more hits in. This is shown to you later however if you go down the Valravn path first you wont find this out until an hour or two into the game. Other than that all of the attacks you can do have combos if you use them in certain orders which is generally standard for a fighting game. You can combine all these attacks with the run button to also get different outcomes too.CritiqueI find it very hard to critique this game, its done so excellently however that does not mean its perfect. I found that the game giving the choice between two paths at the beginning is good to make it feel like your decisions actually matter however the difficulty of this beginning section is all over the place, due to both of these being available so early on most players don't understand fully how to play the game so naturally the beginning of these sections teach you new things and then ramp up the difficulty as you get closer to the end of the section, however after completing one of the two sections you move onto the other section and are then greeted by the tutorial-ish area again which is easy and gets more hard as it goes. I feel if the path was more linear say you had to do one path and then had to do the other one it would all flow a little better. This doesn't mean the game shouldn't have decisions like this I just don't feel they should be placed so early on, more decisions after the player gets through the basics would work. This is just a minor thing though I don't feel this took away from the experience heavily and I still thoroughly enjoyed my time with the game.ConclusionHellblade: Senua's Sacrafice is a fantastically in depth game which gets even better as it goes on. Senua herself is a very lovable character you will most likely get emmotionally attatched to as you learn more and more about her. The combat has more to it than you would imagine from its simplistic nature and the puzzles whilst sometimes too hard and sometimes too easy are very fun and rewarding to complete. Hellblade is a must buy especially at the price they are marketing it at."
76561197977445873,Recommended,414340,34498072,Posted: 25 August,all,AD_Meridian,Best $30 I've spent on a video game in years.
76561198334260064,Recommended,414340,34499325,Posted: 26 August,all,goggles slayer,I loved this game. the story to the game play to the real world research and time that was put into the game all in all best game to come out so far this year
,Recommended,414340,34497415,Posted: 25 August,all,Starscape,"I don't normally review games, but I felt obligated to in this rather unusual case.  For those who didn't find Hellblade enjoyable or powerful, it is because you missed the point of what this game was meant to do, and that is to make you think and perhaps understand slightly how someone with a severe mental illness might view their world.Without giving anything away, I can say, as someone who has suffered greatly, with PTSD, severe anxiety and depression following life trauma, this game truly hit home.  The character, while struggling in ways I don't personally, was very relatable and the writing is truly moving.  This game is emotionally intense and create a vivid and accurate depiction of mental illness without the stigmas surrounding it.  This is one of those games that will stay with you far after you've finished (especially if it hits home for you as it did for me).While it is a mix of puzzles and sporadic combat (which gets harder later on), this game was far, far more then that and I really hope everyone gains some understanding of what others face through this masterful piece of entertainment."
,Recommended,414340,34494624,Posted: 25 August,all,Zaeus8,"Now I have not Completed this game as of Writing this, BUt dam this is am intense game. the Voices Senua hears throught the game give me tingles down my spine when paired witht the daunting Visuals of the world you really can immersive yourself in!"
76561197982600291,Recommended,414340,34495680,Posted: 25 August,all,kilexe,"Thumbs up for graphics. Knocks the Witcher 3 out of the water on max settings. But it's just too linear for me, and not a whole lot to do other than go forward and figure out a simple puzzle. Don't mind the review too much, I'm a picky gamer, if you love beatiful graphics, story, and puzzle solving with some action inbetween you'll love it. Make sure you use decent headphones to really get the full expierence."
,Recommended,414340,34096307,Posted: 7 August,all,vaer-k,Worth it just for the binaural experience
,Recommended,414340,34099274,Posted: 8 August,all,Saeryx,"So far I've absolutely loved this game. 3 hours in, combat on hard, and I believe I'm probably a third of the way through. Overall graphics are very good and the audio is amazing. Headphones are almost a must for the immersive feel of voices whispering into your ears. The story is a good mix of Norse mythology and Senua's personal story and how the two intersect. Gameplay is fairly linear but the very well put together mix of storytelling, exploring, combat, and puzzles keeps it from seeming so. This is a story game first, not a hack and slash or complete puzzler, but the addition of those elements add more depth to this amazing game. I will update my review if needed, but at this point I feel certain that by the time I'm done with it I will have completely enjoyed the journey and be saddened that it has to end."
,Recommended,414340,34100955,Posted: 8 August,all,Corwey,"The game is very good, It has many gameplay elements such as ""It's not very good, not good, not good"" visual puzzles, combat, etc. ""turn back, turn back, back, the game is bad"" So far, it has been bleak and seems to have nailed down the Psychosis part really well ""Do not do it, don't buy it, it's bad"" So far I'd rate this game 9/10."
76561198044290303,Recommended,414340,34131177,Posted: 9 August,all,Stenkastarvänstern,At first I did not know what I expected of this game went into it completly blind and boy oh boy am I taking a journey.This game execptional use of sound and sourround imerses you straight into the world and Senuas mind and her struggles.This game is worth every penny and you can see how much effort was put into it and im suprsie how much quality you get for your money. Would recomend this game to anyone anyday.This is a game that will give you an intense gaming experience especially if you play it with your headphones on would not recomnd to play it any otherway.
,Recommended,414340,34131267,Posted: 9 August,all,Based Slowking,"This has to be one of the most orgional and fun games i have played in a while! took me 9 hours to beat ""i suck at puzzles"" and it is so worth the 30 dollars price of admition! I pray Ninja Theory as one of my favorite devs decides to go this route and make more independant titles!Graphics 10/10gameplay 8/10story 10/10sound 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34130982,Posted: 9 August,all,Jackfire,"Hellblade was a very intense and nice experience for me. The greatest game since a long time.If you like a story rich game in a dark fantasy world, you should play it."
76561198192525535,Recommended,414340,34130994,Posted: 9 August,all,yevgenyt11,"A stunning presentation. I was a bit skeptical at first but this game is everything other than boring.It immerses you completely with atmosphere, clever sound design and stunning graphics and animations.The combat system also keeps things intense with the promise of permadeath.Grab it now - it's a steal."
76561198036872424,Recommended,414340,34131161,Posted: 9 August,all,Entropist,"Just finished game and decided to review it.The MOST immersivegameexperience i ever had.Game is not too long but all the more intense experience it provides while it lasts, every area and every scene is polished as diamond. Graphics are incredible, whole game is cinematic quality.Combat is easy in early but it gets more intense and hard as game approaches ending.Permanent death makes you feel impending doom near any threat, as death breaths on your neck while you fight or sneak through the darkness.Overall this is something that wasn't here before, it's first of its kind and it's perfectly executed, looking forward for more games fromNinja Theory."
,Recommended,414340,34130940,Posted: 9 August,all,CLEscope,"I was skeptical at first and all i have to say is that im glad i gave it a chance. The story was amazing and so intense. their were some repetive minor things about the game but overall worth it. recommend to put it on hard for combat difficulty for a good challenge, especially getting further in the game"
76561198154152256,Recommended,414340,34130881,Posted: 9 August,all,DeanHDX,The storytelling is extreme good.
76561197997854087,Recommended,414340,34132057,Posted: 9 August,all,Tromad,I didn't want to go to sleep right away until I cleared my head. Love it!
76561198037001883,Recommended,414340,34131974,Posted: 9 August,all,Nimkin,"Just as many have said - use headphones. I'm not a fan of scary/horror movies. Yet, one of my all time favorites is the Exorcist. I'm only about an hour into the game. The type of scary (for me) this game represents, is more like what I would liken to the Exorcist. Not a continual jump-scare (Island on Fo4?).The visuals are amazing. The sound is as well. Hearing the multiple voices talking with each other and sometimes with Senua is a nice addition.The experience and price are hard to beat."
76561198004828437,Recommended,414340,34129133,Posted: 9 August,all,Eirik Watz,"Hellblade: Senuas' sacrifice marks an important milestone for game developement and publishing for the entire industry.All hats off to the Hellblade team at Ninja Theory, the Entire team... of 15 people. what an absolutely stunning experience. what Ninja theory hasachieved with a shoestring budget and a ton of clever solutions in an industry of ever expanding, ever hacked up content feeds and checklist generators is a feat to marvel at.Hellblade might be the most graphicaly impressive game i have ever seen and much les actualy been abloe to play on my own computer. Absolutely minfblowing use of innovative motioncapture tech and enviroment creation tools results in an engaging, tense  and emotional thrillride without compromising on themes, playability or graphical fidelity.I sincerely hope the fat cats and CEO's of this industry is paying close attention to what Ninja theory has achieved with their AAA indie experience. If a team of 15 devs can manage to deliver an artistic vision deserving of mainstrean attention and love without once compromising for the sake of marketability or mass appeal, the industry at large cannot continue deny the right to life of the midsized dev team with a vision.it can be done without sacrifising visual fidelity, playability or artistic integrity for one or the other.Well done Tameem and Co."
,Recommended,414340,34129148,Posted: 9 August,all,nuGE,5/5
76561198021547673,Recommended,414340,34116495,Posted: 8 August,all,Pickle Rick,"I cant remember the last time i played a game where i got the Chills this much. The way that they portray mental illiness is just down right amazing. you really really feel her pain. the way that they recorded the sound is borderline creepy. i found myself turning around multiple times trying to find where those voices where in my head.the combat is quick and makes you feel pretty badass. its not hard, at all. but thats not the point of this game. the puzzles are easy but do a good job to add to her insanity.Play this if you want to embark on an epic journy through someones tormented mindDont play if you want a DMC or God of War type experience.they took actually first hand experience from people with these types of mental dissorders and translated them the best they could into a physical media. Very good job!9/10"
,Recommended,414340,34129418,Posted: 9 August,all,Pyrosu,"This is the first Singleplayer game that I really like to play by so far! I normally don't like singleplayer games that much because it feels boring after a time and the fact that you are completely alone where there is no one to play with makes me less excited to play a singleplayer game. Here I got some Pros and Cons of what I find of this game:PROS:+ The combat system is very nice, it feels like you have to fight for your real life. Just swinging around with your sword is not an option to survive! You will have to evade and block a lot of times in order to survive!+ The game brings a lot of mind♥♥♥♥ while playing, what makes it more thrilling & exciting to play!+ The graphics are really good, I am playing this game on ""Medium"" graphics and still enjoy the graphics in the game!+ The story is great till so far that i've played!CONS:- When you can't find something in order to proceed, it gets really difficult to find the right path to choose- The hint systems when you look at the pillars are not always helpful, Also when you need to find a symbol, it is kinda easy to find it by just looking around until your camera will shake that you are nearby it.- You don't see any timer when you are in a situation that you have to hurry before you die. Also An health bar of yourself is not shown, which you never can know for sure when you will die.OVERAL:I do recommend this game for players who like to play in an adventure game where you have to be focused in what you are doing in order to survive! Keep in mind that the game brings up some mind♥♥♥♥ing moments where you will think like: ""wait wut, wut da fouck"""
,Recommended,414340,34130417,Posted: 9 August,all,Plotzy,"To the Ninja Theory; thank you.  Thank you for telling Senua’s story; thank you for approaching the subject matter with the gravity and care that is due it. I hope this game gets the success that I believe it deserves and I look forward to seeing more of your vision in this realm.First off I would definitely follow the suggestions and wear headphones, ones that simulate surround sound makes it all the more immersive. Beyond that I'm not sure what to say here beyond wow…this is an incredible piece of interactive storytelling that approaches a mature subject matter with great care and to great impact/effect.The combat gameplay is a bit rudimentary at times, though strikes carry a weight that makes it feel as brutal as it should and it serves to move the story along.Puzzles range from scavenger hunts, (some feeling a bit tedious,) to some really well designed pieces that I would call 'refractory' puzzles.The acting is really solid; the leads ability to convey such a range of emotions about the story through her face and eyes is amazing.  This is a real credit to her acting ability as well as the ability for the Unreal engine and the designers/coders to convey her ability to the screen.In the end yes I would recommend this; if for nothing else than to see through the eyes of a struggle that would as easily translate to an individual’s experiences today as it did to Senua."
,Recommended,414340,34106676,Posted: 8 August,all,Freddo 47,"I'll start off by saying I'm not a fan of Dark Souls, which everyone is going to compare this game to. I'm not a fan of Dark Souls purely because of the difficulty spike and I personally don't have the time for the grind.But having played through an hour of Hellblade already, for me the permadeath feature adds a level of tension I've not felt in a game for a long time. The combat is easy enough to grasp, but again the permadeath adds a vein of methodical thinking when approaching the combat. For most games I would say this feature should be optional, and maybe after finishing Hellblade once, you should have the option to disable it. But for a game about hell, death, sanity and sacrifice, the feature worked wonders for having me on the edge of my seat and wanting more.The Viking mythology and how they've approached it also makes for a more focused and grittier experience I could compare to The Witcher series.So far, I think that the pricing of the game is fair even if the game is only 8 hours long. Im definitely more interested in quality than quantity, and Hellblade appears to have quality in spades."
76561198360975213,Recommended,414340,34127033,Posted: 9 August,all,Kush Coma,"Love the game but it's filled with bugs. I climbed a ladder to the clouds and have fallen through the world endlessly. The testers definitely missed some stuff. Terrible team. The game itself is beautiful though, just shouldn't have been released yet... apparently."
,Recommended,414340,34125930,Posted: 9 August,all,Crafekster,"This is an amazing game, worth the price and the time. It is a kind of short stylish brawler and walking simulator. Sorry if that scares you but there are long segments that arent that engaging. The combat is beutifully paced and not too complicated, the combat to me is incredibly cool and makes for awesome situations, especially with bosses. But the game is a story game more than a game-game, so take in the psychosis simulation of how a celt wanders into viking territory.It is definetly worth putting in your library."
,Recommended,414340,34126690,Posted: 9 August,all,Honey_Badjer,"Your greatest enemy, is your own mind."
,Recommended,414340,34126711,Posted: 9 August,all,WaWa Mania,Mental Disorder at it best
76561198088422726,Recommended,414340,34123198,Posted: 9 August,all,Sinitar,"Just a man who spent almost 10 hours in a row to play, stream and finish Senua story from the beginning till the end at release day.Just wanted to say so much heartily THANKS to Ninja Theory for making Hellblade. Games like this are something leaving you speechless after the game titles. Something leaving you empty, sad that the story if finished. In a good meaning.This game is like reading a book or watching a movie, but using the eyes of the protagonist. Creations like this are showing that there are still such a enthusiasts in game developing community who makes games with a SOUL first of all. And then the price is lowered twice, giving such a loud slap to current ""average"" market price level in gaming world. I would pay the game price twice if I could.The only thing that, imo, should be added - it's the genre of the game, a strong psychological game, not only hack-and-slash one. But if anyone is worried about ""why is such a low amount of battles here"" - Senua's story is not about the battles. It's about a showing the world by the eyes of a mad person with a disturbed mind. To make you FEEL like her. And developers have done that on like 12/10."
,Recommended,414340,34112918,Posted: 8 August,all,Captain Scorpion,"Full Review for Hellblade: Senua's SacrificeHellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an unique experience for me. The developing team, Ninja Theory, did create a tense atmosphere for this game. They managed to use various objects in the world to tell a story. I highly recommend using headphone or a full set 5.1 speakers for a better immersion. The music is almost inaudible, but goes along with the atmosphere pretty well. Plus, the voices in Senua's head are recorded via a 3d microphone, which is really cool. The character feels real, with all the details and great acting performed by Milena Juergens. Other characters shown are actual people on camera, but blended in with the game world.The CombatPersonally speaking, I found the combat system way too easy. Part of the reason is the quick button response. You can do a decent combo with brainless button smashes. Even if you are beaten down, as long as you keep smashing the buttons, you can still get back up. As other action games, there is a rewarding mechanics for blocking at the correct timing, which is super easy to master. There are something that you have to figure out on your own in order to beat certain types of enemies, and there are not many of them in the game. The only difficulty is paying attention to enemies behind you, or by your side. You have to position yourself properly to gain advantage over multiple enemies. However, it still fails to post a challenge for me. You are welcome to change the difficulty in game.The PuzzlesThe environmental puzzles are well constructed in the world. Usually, you have to wander around to find the solution to a certain puzzle. There are plenty ingenious ideas about them. My favorite one is the ""gates"", some parts of the environment would shift once you go through them. Unfortunately, there are some serious issues with them as well. For some of the puzzles, you have to find a certain shape of object in an environment, there are hints for them, but it still can be a pain sometimes.CollectiblesSince there is only one type of collectibles in the game, I think it is better to discuss it along with the puzzles, because they are both environment based. You can find about twenty ""plates"" with symbols on them in the game. Once you *focused* on those plates, you will hear a short background story narration. Some of them are well hidden, inside a cave or behind a secret path, etc. It is not really enjoyable for me, as it forces me to pause in a linear progression of gameplay.UI's SacrificeFor full immersion and the atmosphere, the game does not have any HUD in game. The subtitles are also turned off by default. You have to check all the controls manually, and it is vital to do so. Go to settings and check everything out before you start a new game. Other than that, the interactive objects in the game are relatively obvious, you do not really need an UI for that. If you are new to action games, or video games in general, there's not much guidance in the game, and you are going to have a hard time playing it.In conclusion, I would recommend it for the experience, despite many things are not satisfactory. Consider the price, this game is extraodinary."
,Recommended,414340,34119042,Posted: 8 August,all,Narf,Headphones are a must have for this game! My dog jumped up on my lap mid game and I accidentally launched her across the room. Do not play around small children.
76561198037555712,Recommended,414340,34133084,Posted: 9 August,all,Mr.Chips,10/10
76561198042886894,Recommended,414340,34132786,Posted: 9 August,all,Miksutini,"TL;DR IN THE BOTTOM FOR ALL BUSY PEEPS!I don't usually do reviews and such but seeing the other review on this particural game, clearing out some stuff is in order.First of all, this is not a game for everyone. It is extremely story heavy and everything in it is more or less primitive. Still, I hoped that people would have done their research on stuff and not be so suprised that it is this story heavy. Ninja Theory said it million times that it is a journey that leans on Senua and her psychosis and how much they have put effort on that you get to feel and experience the game through her eyes. So, remember to do your research people! Anyways, on to the review.The combat is slow but very enjoyable, you can feel the weight of your attacks and Ninja Theory has made some pretty cool looking animations. It fits the games atmosphere like a nose to a face.The story itself is dark, bloody and depressing, in a very good way but what makes this story so interesting is that she suffers from psychosis which gives the game the twist to totally be something that we haven't seen yet. It brings very cool game elements which you really have to see yourself to appreciate them.The last note I have to give is for the graphics and sound design. The graphics look wonderful and the characters look really like their counter parts in real life. Sound design is well madea aswell, the 360 sound desing brings the voices that Senua hears to the maxium and I can't say that I didn't quickly glance to my left and right few times because it just felt like the voice actor was right next to me.So, in conclusion, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is not for everyone but if you enjoy story heavy games that has a very cool game elements, give this game a try. I can guarantee that it is worth every cent that you give.Tl;dr   Story heavy game with beautiful graphics and combat, not for everyone though because of story heaviness"
,Recommended,414340,34132463,Posted: 9 August,all,The Honourable Hobknob,"Gameplay is somewhat simple combat and puzzle solving, I like the soundtrack but its hardly standout, the story is good, the character is interesting, that's the best word for it, not likable or relatable, but someone who is intriguing, and area are quite beautiful and somewhat horrible, sometimes at the same time.I really like this game. It's very story driven, there's some simple enough puzzle solving, and some combat that I personally enjoy, though it can be somewhat long and isn't very challenging.The depiction of mental illness I find to be quite tasteful, if a little idealized and fantasized, but its a video game of course it will be, and it provides a good justification for some game mechanics and in game guidance that other games usually do with big glowing circles and flashing indicators over enemies heads. The game does have big glowing circles and indicators, though the indicators are not over enemies heads but on the weapons.But yeah, definitely worth playing, if you base games solely on price per hour though, not the game for you, the game is quite short, I've beaten it, but most report around 8-10 hours, but I found them to be a very enjoyable set of hours, worth the money."
76561198156819349,Recommended,414340,34133880,Posted: 9 August,all,Mudmanfighter™,"Ive seen a lot of people complaining about this game and would like to write an honest review regarding my opinion of the matters :P (this is my first review btw!)Pros:- Graphics, this games graphics are VERY good! the attention to detail is amazing and the phycotic effects are very well done.- Story, this is my personal opinion but i really enjoyed the story this game told, kept my interest throughout, i especially liked the phycotic voices which aided in both combat and puzzles.- Music, this game has AMAZING music, very atmospheric and at times quite sad.- Voice acting, the acting in this game, is some of the best ive seen in a video game, the emotions and thoughts of the characters were really well protrayed.- Price, £24.99 for a AAA game is really quite good for this time and age!Cons:- gameplay, at times the mechanics of the game (mainly the puzzle solving) grew quite repetitive and mundane.- TOO SHORT!This game is not open world, i dont think this ruins the experience in anyway however thats my opinion, i know many many people love open world games and if thats the case this might not be the game for you. Being not open world drives the story at a nice pace and takes out un-story related tasks like questing and traveling/exploring, while this takes away from the games play time and interest after completion (this is a once playthrough only game) it does keep the emersion, it would be weird if Senua was going though all this mental trauma to suddenly break free to go on an errend collecting flowers for someone.So if you want a very cinematic captivating story to follow, with intriguing rememberable characters, GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,414340,34133340,Posted: 9 August,all,Sgt. Brown,"I'm faster listing the issues. The few sidecharacters are written well but I felt that the combination of live action and virtual protagonist + environment somehow didn't work.Here is what made the game interesting for me:I started to get anxious and felt the same ""horror"" the Senua feels in her quest in certain parts. I really felt pressured to not fail in certain parts of the game. (Managed to only actually die a few times)I liked the twisted way of including the ""player"" to the mind of Senua. I was never sure what role I myself played in the story.The game does a good job in balancing puzzles, wandering around and fighting. (Thoguh the fights anounce themselves in quite an obvious way)Speaking about it; the fighting was well balanced, quite believable.The game also does a good job in hiding what is failure and what is part of the story. A death never takes you out of the story too much.They actually made binaural synthesis a major part of the game. The rest of the sound design was also quite good.There is no user interface and every loading screen is somehow incorporated in the story telling....TL;DRIf you can appreciate a game that focuses on immersion and dark story telling over rich gameplay, the game is totaly worth the price."
,Recommended,414340,34132987,Posted: 9 August,all,Coin3ip,"WOW That was intense!need to take some rest, after that :-)the video editor/actress is amazing!"
76561198007565088,Recommended,414340,34133078,Posted: 9 August,all,CosmicJoker42,Well-crafted environments pair with an excellent story and immersive sound (with headphones). The death system allows for a limited number of deaths that build towards eventual permadeath.
76561198055305186,Recommended,414340,34134189,Posted: 9 August,all,Gulli05,"Hellblade is a gut wrenching journey into the reality of someone who is dealing with psychosis that will leave player's thinking deeply on what they experience and just how it might feel to have to deal with severe mental illness. I dare not suggest that I know how it is to live with psychosis, but if the Hellblade Featurette included in the game is anything to go by, it appears as if Ninja Theory successfully represented it.Everything about the game appears to have been designed around the subjects of myth and madness, and how the two interact. The gameplay, visuals, audio and narrative design all combine in a way that represents the reality that Senua experiences and in turn she and the voices she hears combine to be a unreliable narrator where some of them are benevolent while another are malevolent. This appears to have affected every single design decision in the game, the best example of this is therot mechanic, that as far as one can tell doesn't even exist. The game only tricks you into thinking it's there, and by doing so gives the player a certain paranoia of slipping further into darkness at the threat of a lost save file.The gameplay is a mixture of combat and puzzles to further a linear narrative experience in a beautiful environment with a visual design that I can only describe as a living painting of extraordinary twisted beauty. Tutorial prompts appear to have been omitted in favor of immersion, but it should worry no one as the game establishes the rules of its world and gameplay without it.The combat is well-designed and flows smoothly, with an expanding variety of enemies as the player gets further into the game. The combat isn't hard once the player has learned the rules of its gameplay and the attack style of each enemy and boss.The puzzles are mostly centered around discovering patterns in the environment and this leads to a lot of walking and running amidst the environment to get the correct patterns to progress.Ninja Theory set out to create a game that would meet a specific design criteria and they succeeded in every regard. Hellblade is a hallmark to how a designer can put a player into the protagonist's shoes."
,Recommended,414340,34134424,Posted: 9 August,all,Matez.cz,11/10 Masterpiece
76561198030922378,Recommended,414340,34133029,Posted: 9 August,all,nc-strickse,"Awesome Game. One Hell of a ride. Nevermind it was short, it was one intense experience."
,Recommended,414340,34134257,Posted: 9 August,all,Wanted,One of the best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,414340,34113818,Posted: 8 August,all,Supernintendoh,"I have to say, I waited for this game 1yr and 1/2 possibly more since the announcement. I am not disappointed. It wasn't what I expected as a game. I was expecting a DmC type game but it's not. It's something better. I don't recommend this game just to anyone. Its slow paced and the action sequences are pretty cool. Puzzles are pretty neat, it can get confusing and the game has no hand holding. Although if you listen the voices in your heard as you we do in real life, it will hint a few times I've noticed. Oh, and the game is best played either with headphones or a high end digital surround system. The audio is fantastic.I have a Bose 7.1 and it's just way cool hearing the voices in your character head.10/10 in my personal opinion 😄"
76561198026323716,Recommended,414340,34113703,Posted: 8 August,all,NerdRage,"Finally, a great game at a resonable price. 10/10"
76561197960443123,Recommended,414340,34113727,Posted: 8 August,all,Flugsaft,Great game showing Mental illness. One of my favorite game experiences this year. Not the most fun game this year but a unique and creative game that tackles mental illness successfully.
76561198275697073,Recommended,414340,34113573,Posted: 8 August,all,brimstoneomega,"This game is beautiful.I've always been a lover of both Celtic and Norse mythology and this game is steeped in both. It is a story of a woman on a quest into Hel, a quest to find her beloved.Atmospheric doesn't begin to describe this story. It is a well crafted work of art. Everything, from the images it envokes, the sounds and voices you hear, the movent of the story, the puzzles you solved, the combat, it's all wonderful.There is no tutorial, no hand holding except for the voices in Senua's head. The game itself seams fairly linear so far, but this isn't as offputting as some people tend to see it as. This is a story being told, and stories have structure and plot. The game play outside of combat is somewhat slow, but this isn't a shooter or supposed to be nonstop action. It is cerebral and the pace of the game leands welll to that. It moves when it needs to, and it takes it's time when neccisary."
76561198063412567,Recommended,414340,34113576,Posted: 8 August,all,pauline_hun,"What can i say, i'm totally blown away by this game, one of the best iv'e played in a very long time, Ignore the negative reviews, after reading their reviews it's obvious they are more at home playing mindless zombie killing type games.This game is so packed with atmosphere it becomes a work of art, right from the start it sucks you in and fills you with a sense of dread.If you enjoy a mental challenge along with great story, great voice acting, amazing graphics, spine chilling atmosphere and being so scared of dying it makes you curse and shake when you do, then this is the game for you, trust me you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,414340,34112201,Posted: 8 August,all,Truger,I hate this game for what it does and love it for that what it is.What an amazing journey .. I can't believe it it's already over
,Recommended,414340,34097232,Posted: 7 August,all,WickedsInferno,a amazing game!
,Recommended,414340,34111209,Posted: 8 August,all,Y U H,"-Have completed this game off steam-While I wouldn't be able to say the same if this game was priced at $60, at thirty I feel much more comfortable recommending it. Visually stunning, combining inspired art design with impressive audio, using the mental state of the protagonist impact both. While games have done this in the past, Hellblade does it in a pretty clever way, especially with the voices Senua hears throughout. The story is well thought out, but leaves me wishing that it explored some of the other areas briefly mentioned in the story. Combat controls well, and hitting enemies feels heavy and satisfying. However, it never really reaches the full potential I feel it has. It's a ton of fun don't get me wrong, but it feels like there's just so much more that *could* have been done with it, but wasn't for budget or other external factors. Hopefully this setting, or at least combat system is revisited by ninja theory, as my interest is piqued. Overall, I'm impressed by the level of polish and vision behind this game, and it definitely leaves me wanting more from the studio. On a different note, I have heard some talk of performance issues, and while I have not experienced that on my system personally, it may be something to keep in mind.System reviewed on:Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6700K CPU @ 4.00GHzGeForce GTX 980 Ti16 GB of RAMWindows 8.1"
,Recommended,414340,34112033,Posted: 8 August,all,Notthejeansbro,"I was interested from the beginning on the making of this game. I not only got what I wanted. I bit off more than I could chew. The Entire experience was so visceral and disturbing and borderline traumatic. But I still couldnt put the game down. I was so invested in Senua's character and her plight that I had to see it to the end. The Developers did a great job of fleshing out this experience to the point that you could empathise with someone you'd usually wouldnt. In this case a mentally disturbed Celtic warrioress who through hearing tales of Vikings and their Gods, and seeing her lover sacrificed to viking gods plunges even deeper into madness. Senua grows a lot as a person and makes some breaktrhoughs on her own as the story progresses and this sense of progression gives you goosebumps as you constantly root for her. Senua is  badass. Let woman of the year go to her please. Melina Juergens (I hope I'm typing that out correctly) played Senua perfectly. Considering she was Ninja Theory's Video editor. This shows some amazing talent. I was moved, sometimes solely, by her acting.Last minute stuff to the detriment - Game sometimes get stuck in border areas while fighting and that leads you to get killed. The fighting in general is a little bit clunky but bossfights are actually pretty well done. Other than the fighting I cant really say there's much else wrong with the game. A master class in video crafting I can aspire to. I'll give it a 9. Well done and congrats Ninja theory."
,Recommended,414340,34139765,Posted: 9 August,all,atVindr,"If you're looking for an excellent, off the beaten path narriative with harrowing combat is a must buy."
,Recommended,414340,34139703,Posted: 9 August,all,vibrantcorn,Game of the year contender.
,Recommended,414340,34139721,Posted: 9 August,all,FoxxGuthy,"I watch the developer diaries as this game was announced, and was really impressed with the direction and art of the game. So far, I'm really happy with it. Visually stunning."
76561198040995352,Recommended,414340,34139743,Posted: 9 August,all,Dentedhelm,"This game was absolutely INCREDIBLE. The graphics are jaw-dropping and the combat is fun, but the real reason this game is so great is Senua and her psychosis. Incredible respect for Ninja Theory for how they worked together with doctors and patients in order to accurately depict the condition, the accurate historical lore, and the fantastic acting for good measure. Honestly, the cherry on top of this instant classic was the camera suite, which I suspect will be the focus of my next playthrough. Once again, cheers to Ninja Theory for this work of art :)"
76561198122019690,Recommended,414340,34139671,Posted: 9 August,all,Cloudy Mirror,"Hands down one of the best games that I've ever played if not the best. It's such a unique game and the way it plays is so unlike any other game. The combat is amazing and relies on your ability to read enemies and counter their attacks. The graphic and audio are truly stunning and the story is incredible. Don't read any details of the game, don't look up what it's about. Just play it and get into it and live the experience of this game."
,Recommended,414340,34139700,Posted: 9 August,all,gilleyp,"I had been looking forward to this for some time, and was not disappointed. It is a very story driven game and a departure from their previous works, dealing with a lot of stigma faced in mental health. I work as a nurse in a psych facility and I recognized a great deal of my patient's descriptions of auditory and visual hallucinations in it. I couldn't stop until I was finished, well done!"
76561198099797427,Recommended,414340,34140022,Posted: 9 August,all,[ZASTG]R3hab,"Well done, Ninja Theory - awesome work. Thank you for dilivering a game that looks and feels like a AAA game and retailing it at a reasonable price."
76561198018559025,Recommended,414340,34139846,Posted: 9 August,all,Atavist,Brilliantly crafted and agonizingly beautiful. Some will find this game impossible to play while others will find a release and powerful catharsis in the experience. Ninja Theory has created an entirely new and unique way to explore and empathize with those suffering from psychosis. I can not recommend this game enough. I will even be recommending this game to several non-gamer friends that I know will appreciate what Hellblade offers.Ninja Theory deserves recognition for this absolute masterpiece.
76561198040704015,Recommended,414340,34139407,Posted: 9 August,all,Skrum 𝘋𝘦𝘭𝘶𝘹𝘦,Is good
,Recommended,414340,34139414,Posted: 9 August,all,AugustoRav,"Immersive, stunning and really good."
,Recommended,414340,34139193,Posted: 9 August,all,arano,10/10  youtube asmr simulater
,Recommended,414340,34139180,Posted: 9 August,all,Handsome Shaft,"The audio alone is enough to make me recommend this to those who like psychological horror type games, because from the very beginning you're bombarded by a stream of whispering voices that, provided you're wearing headphones, feel like they're all around you, and behind you. To be honest, I forgot this game was a thing, so I was surprised when it was released, and I bought it in a fit of ""meh, why not?"" That turned out to be a very good decision, because I already love this game, even though I haven't played a whole lot yet and it makes me really uncomfortable, I say 10/10. The only issues I can think of are the puzzles and combat are kinda basic, but much like Spec Ops, that's not the point, the point is the experience, like another reviewer said."
76561197973527144,Recommended,414340,34139366,Posted: 9 August,all,Pistolero3k,Amazing Game !!!!!!!!!
76561198099859995,Recommended,414340,34143333,Posted: 10 August,all,TheCysticGamer,"I highly reccomend this game!, First off! wear headphones the game really needs it.If you like story driven games that is said what it really is this game has good gameplay the puzzles a while took some time solving but holy crap the enemy designs were awesome the game played smoothly the main character shows alot of emotions and animations the combat sure is basic but really i still enjoyed it I loved it and something to shine the light on the mental illness Psychosis and expriencing it at the same time is amazing the story is brilliant one of the best written ones so far to date there were no glitches but the game needed to give you the control's tutorial thats the only flaw but very minor and it sort of reminds me of like tomb raider sort of but instead of tombs its ruin's in the celtic times and when you finish the game i reccomend that you watch the behind the scenes which is listed as Hellblade feature you'll see how much work and time they put in this game its mind boggling thank you Ninja Theory for making this masterpiece ill rate it 10/10."
76561197970078294,Recommended,414340,34143171,Posted: 10 August,all,Byfogden,"Finally a gamedeveloper that dare to do something different than mainstream games. Screw lootboxes and grinding for levels. Hellblade has a good story and a great atmosphere. It contains some puzzle-elements that are not great, but they're ok. Battles are decent and the combat system works if a little bit clunky. Voiceactors are good and the main performance by  Melina Juergens is great."
,Recommended,414340,34145377,Posted: 10 August,all,Ragnarøkkr,"Game is fantastic. Definitely not for everyone, it's more of an experience than a game. I guess somewhat in comparison to The Order 1886 except this is half the price. Sometimes the walking was tedious and the the 'puzzles' were lame but the whole theme keept me interested. Combat was sick... i just wish there was more of it. Not a better feeling than memorizing an enemies attack patters (particularly bosses) and opening a can of whoop♥♥♥♥♥on them. Theme was interesting, story had me lost most of the time, but i was never bored. Even with the walking, and the whispers, and the tedious puzzles i was always keen on seeing the next area. I do wish there was a bit more 'game' to it though, because the combat felt great. NOT for everyone, but i enjoyed it. I played with 2.1 speakers so i didn't get to take full advantage of the 3D Sound for the head whispers but i can image that must sound awesome.First thing i did was turn Post-Process effects to medium. I hate UE4's post-process effects (I did the same in Hunter: Call Of The Wild, PUBG, Sniper Elite 4, Tekken 7). Medium  Post-Process cleans the image up a bit but still gives me a decent motion blur. I'm also someone that likes High FOV and the FOV is quite in-your-face in this game. Took a little big to get used too. Sensitivity also seemed quite low with no sensitivity slider that i could find. Sensitivity seemed higher after a patch though, not sure if it was changed but it does feel faster.1080p Ultra (Post-Process Medium) game me 75 - 100 FPS with a GTX 1060 6GB/i5 6700K. 75FPS LOW in heavy areas like forrests, in less dense areas it went up to like 95 Average. So optimization is nice outside of some hitching i got occasionally. Felt like a loading hitch/stutter. I'm playing this off a HDD so i can't speak on whether or not the hitch is there loading off an SSD. If you're not sure, wait for a sale... but definitely give it a try at some point."
,Recommended,414340,34146088,Posted: 10 August,all,Nightwolfd,"Amazing game, it's really a experience and not just another game!"
,Recommended,414340,34145024,Posted: 10 August,all,hardkotian,"Though, this game is not what I was expected from Ninja Theory I couldn't deny its stunning visuals & atmosphere.It might be boring, but at other hand it's short.Price is reasonable.Good luck NT for their further indie projects!"
,Recommended,414340,34143788,Posted: 10 August,all,Michael Voorhees,amazing game ! the story is weird at times but its expected with a story literally based on mental illness. the fights were great. i love the whispers that warn you during battle. its a great game in itself and helping understand disorders . i hope this is either continued in dlc or another game 8/10
76561198007375357,Recommended,414340,34169476,Posted: 11 August,all,Stupidfish,started to hear voices after I played the game.5/7 would recommend a good Psychologist
76561198077438949,Recommended,414340,34138206,Posted: 9 August,all,VeteranGhillie,"Best looking game I've personally ever played. The 3D audio is superb and everything with the exception of some of the puzzles tie together near perfectly. For $30, I would certainly recommend this."
,Recommended,414340,34138525,Posted: 9 August,all,Hourhe_LePimp,"I'm reeling. This game is so superb in its casting of the player as a 2nd-person (in the literature sense) that it creates a deep sensation of connection with, and immersion within the main character while simultaneously allowing her to have a very seperate arc which you as the player interact with in a (IMO) very unqiue way.I've seen nothing like it before, and the attention to detail concerning the mental health is good-- the highest of praises for NT and the devs"
76561198067808175,Recommended,414340,34138390,Posted: 9 August,all,NocternalGames,"Absolutely incredible. If you looking for a damn good story driven experience, this is what you’ve been waiting for. Just buy it. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,414340,34138411,Posted: 9 August,all,[33rd]LastMan,"I have never played anything like this. Sound, Puzzles, Gameplay, Story, Grapchics.... everytihg is Top-Notch. Worth the money. P.s I dont understand why people dont like the combat system.. in my opinion its great, you can counter the attacks amaizing way(especialy with the second sword)."
,Recommended,414340,34137328,Posted: 9 August,all,Madman_Asunder,Make sure to play this game with a good pair of headphones and take your time take in the experience. This game gets under your skin in a good way and tackles interesting subject matter in a way benefited by the medium of video games as a story telling medium. And the price is right.
,Recommended,414340,34137335,Posted: 9 August,all,Aquagrunt,"A wonderfully creepy experience well worth the price point! The voices in Senua's head are masterfully used in the game, not just as a character building trait, but it also helps in combat!"
,Recommended,414340,34138752,Posted: 9 August,all,MarfanMan,A Genuine Experience.Satisfying CombatSatisfying PuzzlesSatisfying StoryA Powerful and Important Underlying MessageThe only thing I genuinely disliked about this game was the wonky subtitles. Those were pretty bad whether it was typos to being completely wrong. Thanksfully that is not something that is going to stop this game from being a phenominal experience.
76561198075408335,Recommended,414340,34138721,Posted: 9 August,all,Reep89,This game is so very satisfying. A little challenging while still allowing for some mistakes. I am hooked!
,Recommended,414340,34138725,Posted: 9 August,all,Microsoft Word,"If you life psychological horror, your heart pounding against your chest, and nordic lore, this is the game for you.I'm an hour into the game and it is phenomenal. The ambiance and music is subtle but definitly adds effect to gameplay. The puzzles are clever but not insanely hard that have you roaming through forums. And the atmosphere, along with the voices makes your skin crawl, as if someone is actually watching you.*I had to stop because I had 5 cups of coffee, and a Red Bull. Not the best thing to have when playing this game. But it's still a very good game XD"
,Recommended,414340,34135608,Posted: 9 August,all,Jonnym91,A very good and well built adventure. Very different to normal with the added layer of senuas psychosis which can either help or hinder throuout the game.All in all I think its defenetly worth picking up with a heavy hitting 6-9 hours of gameplay that you will remember!
76561198035663093,Recommended,414340,34138384,Posted: 9 August,all,Archaon the Neverchosen,"Well, that was probably the most intense and atmospheric boss-fight I've ever had in a game, and that was just the first one! So far this pretty much ticks all the boxes, and the sound design are god-tier.Would highly reccomend, unless you don't have headphones, since you really need them to experience this piece of art."
,Recommended,414340,34138323,Posted: 9 August,all,Shaft,"No spoiler ""review"".ArgumentYou play as Senua, someone with really heavy mental health issues. You are on a quest to revive her love.GameplaySeen as a major complaint for people, this game is basically known as a “Walking Simulator”. Such comments are used with “no combat” comments almost together, but I will tackle that in a minute.Hellblade is a third person storytelling puzzle game. In order to advance to the next area, you need to solve puzzles while also fighting with your inner demons, coming as voices in your head, sometimes to cheer you, sometimes to remind you of the past, sometimes to discourage you, sometimes to blame you. As soon as you see what can happen to you, you get a warning: every time Seuna dies, the Darkness will rot her. If the rot reaches her head, she will lose her mind and all progress will be lost. Also known as “permadeath”.You will need to fight also actual enemies, which leads us to the combat system.Combat systemHellblade have a fine combat system. It doesn’t allow you to block for too much time, because that might lead to a stagger attack.The combat system comes with parrying, melee, fast and strong attack, allowing for a very interesting combo ideas and to defend yourself from dangerous attacks.OpinionHellblade is an interesting idea because you see the world through the eyes of a female with heavy psychosis problems. The voices in your head actually serve their purpose, which is to make you lose the focus. Personally, I got absolutely tired and annoyed with the voices 1hr into the game. This, however, made me like the game more: It gave me a glance of how horrible can be having such an issue.My personal view of why people calling this game a “walking simulator” is because this is not a regular game. This is not you versus the gods. This is not you unleashing hell because people kidnapped your girlfriend.This is a storytelling game, and most importantly, you play as someone with psychosis. That’s the important part. Because of that, running is never the main part of the game, because you will never know what is happening around you or you will never know when something is real or not, if unknown places are not dangerous enough, your head makes it even more dangerous.I finished this game in two sessions. On my first session I was thinking how many combats I’ve done, and the numbers was pretty low. On the second session I had enough fights to rebind my Parry key because my left pinky was getting me killed because I couldn’t parry fast enough after many fights. I’ve beaten the game on the second session, and I could understand the combat system. In your regular game, you might get swarmed by enemies, where just a few swings of your sword will kill all of them. The combat system in Hellblade is so good, that only 2 enemies on screen are enough for you to pay attention. “But why only 2?” You may ask. It’s a matter of design: if you need many enemies to make the game difficult, that’s artificial difficult. In Hellblade, one enemy at the time it’s pretty easy, 2 becomes more challenging, and the challenge increases if they are different.This doesn’t mean the game doesn’t have flaws. The main flaw of this game, in my opinion, are the rune puzzles. The reason is they get really repetitive. It annoys me to compare Hellblade to this game, but it becomes as repetitive as the towers on Assassin’s Creed.Another flaw is sometimes, the hitbox detection on the game can be really messy at times. In one Trial, I would’ve die in a fire when the fire didn’t even touch me. Also, the hanging obstacles were so heavy at times that I wouldn’t get pass them and die in that same fire.ConclusionIf you like a rich storytelling experience, I recommend you to play this. I also recommend this game if you really like nordic mythology, I remember smirking when I started to hear the story of Baldr and Loki.Do not play this if:You want an action game.Don’t like slow games.Don’t like puzzle games.In the case you want the exact same concept sans the nordic mythology, but on an action game, I recommend you Dante’s Inferno: You went on a crusade, your wife is killed, you travel to hell to rescue her, in your whole travel you have a guide that tells you the lore of"
,Recommended,414340,34138331,Posted: 9 August,all,nairokard,This game is hands down amazing!  Very well done and immersive.  Definitely one of my new favorites!
76561198333785989,Recommended,414340,34114855,Posted: 8 August,all,themightylord,its about time someone released a good game something new !!!!
76561197997142208,Recommended,414340,34115754,Posted: 8 August,all,Violator,Wow what an experience.9/10
76561197989974189,Recommended,414340,34115645,Posted: 8 August,all,Deathrampage,"This is hands down one of the best games to come out this year. Its got great combat, great storytelling, and a new look into what Hel is like. This game gets a 10/10 from me.Would buy this game agian."
,Recommended,414340,34115613,Posted: 8 August,all,Souless_cj,I have been watching the developement of this game on youtube and i must say i am completely amazed!!!!
76561198049714945,Recommended,414340,34115591,Posted: 8 August,all,Doomteam,"Great story oriented game telling story of Senua, celtic warrior who suffers of psychotic mental illness.TOTALLY recommended for the fans of this genre"
76561198065597486,Recommended,414340,34115702,Posted: 8 August,all,A Sad Boy,gr8
,Recommended,414340,34095287,Posted: 7 August,all,valyfis,"If you're into a unique style of puzzle solving and gameplay mechanics... this title is for you.Plays similar to the Tomb Raider reboots. Very story driven and linear.Overall game lacks verity in combat and enemies, although fun."
76561198045456404,Recommended,414340,34114677,Posted: 8 August,all,alphazero1990,"Hellblade is something the game industry didn't saw in a long time... actually never. It's so unique. The narrative. The subject of mental illness is treated with respect and shows the most ugly face it can. The combat feels basic until you are into it an hour or two then the basic fighting turns into battles that are really impactfull, strategic, etc.This game literally gets better by the hour, you need headphones don't buy this game if you don't have them and good luck going through Senua's Sacrifice.A must-buy!"
76561198244363032,Recommended,414340,34108757,Posted: 8 August,all,UbivTnomal,"Oh boy. HellBlade is something. True to Ninja Theory's MO, the graphics and presentation are absolutely top notch. Hellblade is a flat out gorgeous game. Sound and music are also very well done and some of the voices that represent Senua's mental issues made me LOL when fighting enemies. One voice in particular said in a snarky voice ""You're dead"" after taking a particularly hard hit. Combat seems very limited at first but that's deceptive and immediately made me think of Heavenly Sword. Once grasping the basics of combat there is a lot more depth and enjoyment presented here than it initially seems. Especially if you set combat difficulty to ""high."" Boss battles were great fun, very memorable and made me wonder what a Ninja Theory Demon Souls styled game would be like.I have to make a point about the length. I was a huge fan of Heavenly Sword when it debuted on PS3 and one of the things I loved about the game is the length. Roughly a 5 to 6 hour game, yes it was short. But Heavenly Sword was a wild ride from beginning to end. Very enjoyable because it was so focused on the narrative and relevant aspects in the context of the universe created. HellBlade isn't the same type of game, slower without the same focus on combat but one of its strengths outside of the graphics, presentation and combat is the length. Yes, this too is short similar to Heavenly Sword. But it's also very focused, just like Heavenly Sword which is a huge plus IMO. I'd much rather have a very focused game that lasts a few hours, as opposed to having a game with 20+ hours but only 10 of those hours are relevant. Too many developers will tack on a 20 or 30 hour slough fest when only 5 to 10 hours are needed. HellBlade doesn't do this, keeping things focused and reasonably priced as a result. It is greatly appreicated and I wish more developers would follow this path. 40+hour  games are awesome, don't get me wrong, but only if the actual content makes sense in the context of what is being presented. Inflated value is inflated.I haven't finished the game yet, just arriving at the first puzzle to Hela's domain but the positives of HellBlade are very strong indeed. The negatives? I only have two really. Some of the puzzles are annoying as all get out. yes there are cues that can help a lot if you're paying attention but in some cases, the key to solving a puzzle is so subtle that you could get stuck for an hour just trying to figure out what to do. The other negative is sometimes in scanning the area in an attempt to solve a puzzle you have to fight the camera. It constantly tries to reset itself behind Senua when you need it to look at a particular angle as you move through the environment. Other than these two issues, HellBlade has been very good.A slower, more patience game with great presentation, boss battles and sound. Excellent concept in presenting mental illness in a relevant way that reminded me of Eternal Darkness and the insanity meter at times. Big Thumbs Up to Ninja Theory. Too bad we can't get a Heavenly Sword 2 though... can we?"
,Recommended,414340,34108776,Posted: 8 August,all,Bubbles,"Dear god the game just pulled me in, most of the time it mind ♥♥♥♥ed me like a mental patient. Can't tell you how much I loved the No ingame HUD it made the story telling feel much more engaging.Here you have a difrent type of storytelling. I mean the ""hints"" were intertwined with the audio of her psychotic voices which was briliant. Visualy stunning, acting and voice dialogs were on point. Great tital looking forward to more story telling like this.Good job Ninja TheoryHellblade: Senua's Sacrifice  10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34106911,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr. Purple,"Man, i wish i too had voices in my head telling me i'm being attacked from behind."
76561198129308787,Recommended,414340,34106626,Posted: 8 August,all,catch.33,This game gets inside my head like nothing I've ever played. The story telling has to be the most unique and impressive I've ever seen. I think any negative reviews are coming from people that were expecting a little more hack and slash.  With that said maybe watch a little content before purchase. 10/10
,Recommended,414340,34113121,Posted: 8 August,all,The Sombrero Kid,"Hellblade, Hella Great more like, you'd have to be a ♥♥♥♥ing cucumber to not like this game. Potential GOTY 2017."
76561198006086992,Recommended,414340,34113371,Posted: 8 August,all,von_krysiak,Initial impressions: OMG!  The most immersive experience I have encountered past years!Overall the animations of the main character and the surroundings are an absolute 10/10.Can't say much about the plot but intro levels are well done and full of suspense!A+++
76561198003698792,Recommended,414340,34113374,Posted: 8 August,all,Kohler,https://youtu.be/bLhbk_iytEc
76561198058043953,Recommended,414340,34160855,Posted: 10 August,all,kandnm115709,"Warning: This is NOT a game about a Celtic woman on a quest to save her beloved, who happens to be schizophrenic. This is a game about schizophrenic woman, who happens to be Celtic.If you're looking for Ninja Theory's DmC-esque type of game, you won't find it here. This game is closer to a walking simulator with some light puzzle elements and a somewhat satisfying combat, than other action games Ninja Theory have made in the past.The game is heavy on narrative and heavily focused on mental illness. To simulate the main protagonist's schizophrenic nature, the game would constantly barrage players with endless mad whispers straight to the earphones. Other might say it's immersive but to me, it can get pretty annoying. Which is probably the whole point of the game.Also, note that it only took me 7 hours to beat the game. It's a short game, which can get longer to beat on higher difficulty. The puzzles themselves are clever but usually stuck to using the same formula most horror walking simulator uses such as navigating through a dark room while avoiding monsters and finding a ""key"" to unlock a particular door. Personally, I'm not a huge fan of these types of gameplay but others might enjoy them.I gonna be recommending this game, solely because I want Ninja Theory to continue making games in the future. As for the Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, I'm giving it 6/10. Not a bad game but hardly GoTY material.P.S. This game doesn't have any UI whatsoever. In other words, you have to learn the game's mechanic as you play along. I dislike it."
76561197970498542,Recommended,414340,34161351,Posted: 10 August,all,Schmelvan,Winner:  Best Auditory Hallucinations 2017A++/10
76561198062678737,Recommended,414340,34161360,Posted: 10 August,all,Midnight Flamingo,"I don't have a big complex review to write for this.All I can tell you is that in the time I've played, it's gone from being slow and repetitive to unbelievably intense.During combat, the atmosphere is absolutely fantastic. It's rare you see combat move so slow yet keep your heart pumping.This feels like a $59.99 AAA title and it's only half that. That's commendable.If you love single-player experiences that can be slow and uneventful or unforgettably tense (back and forth) this is a perfect title."
,Recommended,414340,34161312,Posted: 10 August,all,Strider,"The voices in my head kept arguing with the voices Senua hears. They'd get really mad when her's wouldn't address them. Other than that, the game had some performance issues. I noticed my FPS dropping as I progressed in the game, almost proportionally to the amount of progress I had made. I started off with a pretty solid 60 fps, and dropped down to 35-40 by the end. I'm not sure if that's because I played the whole thing in one sitting, or just that the environment designers were just having a little too much fun for their own good in the later levels.The combat is pretty tight, though it is pretty easy to not realize there's a dodge button, if you only glance at the controls once before hopping in. There's a parry mechanic, that rewards blocking closer to when an attack is going to actually hit you. Dodges are pretty strong, with lots of invincibilty frames. If there's a reason you shouldn't chain dodges, I didn't notice it. The ""auto"" difficulty setting might take it a bit to easy, I died maybe three times over the course of my 6 hour play through, and it felt like enemies were holding back from delivering a killing blow. Enemy variety is a bit lacking, but they do toss in some gimmicks to mix things up. Thankfully, they're introduced at a good pace, and help keep things from stagnating too much, but it is pretty easy to fall into a few comfortable combat routines.The story is a bit weird. Admittedly, I zoned out a couple of times during one of the slower sections, which probably didn't help. It feels a bit like a puzzle with a few pieces missing. I'm going to give them a little credit though, the parts that were left fairly ambiguous, where probably the ones that should have stayed that way. It feels like the ending is trying to say something big, but I don't feel like I got enough of the puzzle pieces to really understand what it was getting at. I'm not sure if that really detracts from the game overall though.Uh, buy it, I guess?"
,Recommended,414340,34161287,Posted: 10 August,all,ISMETA,neat
76561198062249864,Recommended,414340,34161268,Posted: 10 August,all,Montolio,Never have i been so happy that i couldnt relate to the main character.Beautiful graphicsGood voice actingUnique styleSimple but fun combatShort but great storyOverall 9/10
76561198071796360,Recommended,414340,34174350,Posted: 11 August,all,RetrogamerX,So far this is a amazing game and while the combat isn't as deep as dark souls it's more about story and how Senua's survives and fights for vengeance for her love that she lost. The sounds are freaky and the game it's self has great atmosphere as you dwell deeper into Senua's darkness.
,Recommended,414340,34174083,Posted: 11 August,all,StSins,Interesting game. Probably not for the people who like a DMC kind of playstyle. It is more psychological while being alone with the voices in your head and visions.
76561198034291693,Recommended,414340,34183712,Posted: 11 August,all,PUNCHDRUNK,0 out001
,Recommended,414340,34179900,Posted: 11 August,all,Cuzzybubba,"Great game, atmosphere is superb and fighting mechanics are very polished albeit not a ton of different combos. Highly recommend!"
76561198002522683,Recommended,414340,34179909,Posted: 11 August,all,Hydralysk,"I can't recommend this game enough!The presentation and story are top notch and way more than I'd expect from a $30 title. The visuals range from beatiful to bleak to horrifying depending on the scene and the voice acting is some of the best I've heard in a game. Just do yourself a favor and play it with a pair of headphone (preferably with surround sound) as the voices that Senua hears due to her psychosis bring a LOT to the atmosphere, and it's something I've never seen done so well in a game before.The only downside I can really name is that the combat and puzzle mechanics are fairly basic, but they're implemented well (especially the combat animations!) and got stale for the 8 hours the game takes to complete."
76561198028374360,Recommended,414340,34115439,Posted: 8 August,all,GoldFinger150,"Amazing looking and sounding, definitely play with headphones. Combat is fun and you have to look for patterns and learn how to defeat bosses and enemies, not just hack and slash. Puzzles are pretty good and are a nice break up of the combat. Performance is also good with some minor stutter every now and then. But by far my favorite part of Hellblade is the amazing story and the journey it takes you on. Definitly worth full price, one of my favorite games of 2017 so far."
,Recommended,414340,34181378,Posted: 11 August,all,Jehsun,"Even though somewhat short, the experience was fantastic. The story can be kinda hard to follow at some times due to the nature of what it is, but the optional story is very intriguing if you are interested in greek gods and that sort of thing. One gripe I do have with the game is that it is lacking in enemy variation. There are about 8 different enemies(including bosses) and I could be off by a few. They feel mostly similar though, with the only noticeably different enermies being one of the later bosses and the shield bearing enemies. Other than that the enemies all feel pretty same-y. Combat is absolutely fantastic, and it is a shame that there wasnt more of an emphasis on combat because what they have already is very satisfying. Puzzles are a large fgocus of the game a lot of them are well done, but again could use more variety.Pros:Amazing combatGood storyNice graphics, and is well optimized from my personal experienceCons:Lacks variation of enemies and puzzlesCould be a little longerOverall I think that hellblade: Senuas Sacrifice is very much worth what they are asking. Even though the game is shorter than I had wished what they actually have makes up for it. Id love to see another similar game with more variety, but whats here is something that should be experienced. The developers care about their game and it shows. They made some decisions that might stop some people from picking it up for the sake of not dumbing down the experience. Which I believe is very commendable for this time where some devlopers will not take a risk to increase the amount of players who will purchase their game.8/10 I reccomend this game highly."
,Recommended,414340,34183855,Posted: 11 August,all,Vud0odaddy,Incredible. Staggeringly gorgeous with a deep psychosis trip embedded. This game had me at the intro and continues to pull me in minute by minute. This is the game that Ultra Wide 4k is made for...just wow...
76561197960933531,Recommended,414340,34184176,Posted: 11 August,all,g.e.i.s.t.,"Great storytelling, great gameplay. The setting is quite unique and definitly worth checking out."
76561198142599633,Recommended,414340,34138226,Posted: 9 August,all,Etie232,"Loved playing through the whole game. The story telling is very good and with a headset you can immerse yourself fully. Dont expect a good action filled game because thats just not it. Its some action here and there and its very simple but can be quiet fun, i would like to have some kind of level system tho, where you can upgrade some stuff. But thats not a very big thing. The puzzles in the game (what you get most of the time) are pretty good :). Sometimes i was litterly searching for 30 minutes just to align a sign to open a door, could be me just being bad at puzzeling XD. So yea, the story telling is great and they truly know how to do that, with the nice voices in your head you also never feel alone. Stop reading my crap review and buy it already! :P. In the end its still a pretty damn good game so a 9/10 :D"
76561197963973496,Recommended,414340,34183481,Posted: 11 August,all,[GA] Doops,It's pretty heavy
76561198079303426,Recommended,414340,34183564,Posted: 11 August,all,TheBardbarian,"I absolutely loved this game, and it fast became my game of the year. The game was built for surround sound headphones, so if you have them, make sure to use them.The game strongly relies on the voices in Senua's head, most of which are fantastically acted, but 2 voices were really jarring, and sounded too much like a Severus Snape impersonator and his demonic cousinThe combat is personal and intense, though once you get used to it, can be pretty easy, even on Hard difficulty. I only died once in the game to an attack from a boss that didnt have a clear telegraph (an insta-kill AOE attack)The game features an apparent Permadeath mechanic, if you die too many times, your save is deleted - Note the ""apparent"" part of that. No one has triggered it yet, it could all be a bluff. A fear tactic, or a way to increase anxiety. It's also something you don't need to worry about, like I mentioned, on Hard difficulty, first playthrough, I died once in combat. I also never died in puzzles.All I can say of the story is that it is just great. You are given a task - Save Dillion's soul from Hel, and that is pretty much everything the game focuses on. All other narrative elements tie to Senua and Dillion, and further their involvement with the world.Only experienced 3 bugs, Senua tried to balance on a narrow platform instead of shimmying a ledge, so she clipped through the wall, and after ducking below a beam, Senua moved too far and clipped me onto a rock, trapping me there, and the game froze after I died to the boss mentioned above.FINAL BOSS SPOILERS:The final fight sets you against an infinite wave of enemies that it intends for you to die against, but they decided to make most of the enemies die in 2 or 3 strong attacks at most, so parry counters and running attacks can make the fight last upwards of 15 minutes for something that can be done in 2 minutes. The boss does interrupt your attacks to help the enemies hit you, and it takes forever to build Mirror charges (slo-mo). Still, I had fun beating the game at it's own tricks, outlasting the bosses interruptions until I got bored of fighting, then let myself die.Story: 10/10 (Ninja Theory show off a mastery of narrative direction and focus)Music: 9/10 (it's great, there just doesnt seem to be enough)Sound Design/ Voices: 9.5/10 (only loses points from the Severus Snape impersonator)Level Design: 9/10 (the game forces you to backtrack a lot - helps you find the collectibles and gives you time to listen to the voices in Senua's head)Graphics: 8.5/10 (character model graphics are near perfect- Senua's hair has a mind of it's own. There are a lot of low quality textures in the world)Gameplay: 8.5/10 (loses points from the unclear telegraphing of that particular boss and a few bugs)"
,Recommended,414340,34098317,Posted: 8 August,all,Sabe77,At first I was confused and then I was afraid and confused. After 2hrs I feel strong and focused.Don't know what's coming next but I am looking forward to it.That in short is why I recommend this game.Edit: After finishing the game I still find the experience to be one that should be had. It go better hour after hour (about 8 hours total subtracting my admiring of the locations for photo mode stills). My recommendations stands.
,Recommended,414340,34183609,Posted: 11 August,all,kotorcraft,"I've told my friends that this is possibly the best game I have played in over a decade. This game is so full of artistic value, whether it be in the sound creation, visual representation, narrative, or even combat.  Everything comes together, fluidly, to create a masterpiece that draws you in and won't let go.  The game is uncomfortable, annoying, difficult, stressful, exciting, gripping, emotional, sad, and a joy to play through.  But that is why it is a masterpiece.  It captures all the elements and more of what people with psycosis probably experience every day.  The game causes you to feel victorious, downtrodden, defeated, frightened, confused, hopeful, brave, loved and hated.  And I loved every minute of it.I recommend this game to anyone either seeking an amazing story, or a further understanding of human nature and the uniqueness and depth that each person has.  Looking forward to a sequel if there is to be one.If you are deliberating on whether to purchase this game or not, just stop, buy it and forget about buyers' remorse, because you won't have any."
,Recommended,414340,34209399,Posted: 13 August,all,ObiMoz,"It does the job it set out to do. Harkins back to the single player story driven aesthetic. With PC games becoming larger and larger in size and almost always being digital exclusives, this marks for an exciting new turn in PC gaming history."
,Recommended,414340,34206719,Posted: 12 August,all,Z666ful,Soundtrack : 10/10Storyline : 10/10Horror level  : 8/10This game added voice in my head also.overall 9/10.i don't want to be blind again. that creature creepy af. where the heck did they get that creature? silent hill?
,Recommended,414340,34205326,Posted: 12 August,all,Kongou Desu,This game is an ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE! I want to first say ignore any reviews that say it is slow or boring. They obviously did not give this game a chance at all. This is an experience and the further you go the more intense it becomes. I don't want to say much more than that. I've never experienced anything like this in my life. INCREDIBLE audio... design... flow... it is all just truly a masterpiece. Thank you for this! This was a refreshing change of pace and a gorgeous piece of work.
76561197988235033,Recommended,414340,34205817,Posted: 12 August,all,Stfu You're Ugly,"Ever wonder what it would be like to have an annoying friend that won't stop talking no matter what you're doing?  Look no further! This ""nonstop talking"" simulator can be purchased for just 1 easy payment of $29.99! Now you can see what it would feel like to have someone annoy you by speaking incessantly in your ears while you play amazing mini side games of hack n slash!"
,Recommended,414340,34205686,Posted: 12 August,all,Lanier-Senpai,This game is art in the most pure form. It is NOT for the feint at heart. I sit here as a 26 year old man terrified of whats next. The 3d binurial sound for headphone users makes the game unsettling. This game deserves more than the 30 dollars it asked for. Holy cow....
,Recommended,414340,34205636,Posted: 12 August,all,Azurl,This was very enjoyable experience. :)
,Recommended,414340,34206800,Posted: 12 August,all,xtuffxguyx,this game is amazing such a great experience from start to end.
,Recommended,414340,34206672,Posted: 12 August,all,blank_113,"Not even 15 minutes in. Still playing through the toutorialish part and I am entranced, engulfed and almost horrified at the same time. Must say best beginning to a game I've played. Really sets the mood for some great things that I hope are coming. Already I am happy with the purchase."
,Recommended,414340,34208527,Posted: 13 August,all,dhumanizer,"I followed Hellblade's Dev diaries religiously. Getting more and more excited about the aspect of the character's psychosis and how it'll affect the game play. In the end, the game is not an action packed hack and slash like DMC was. It was a story being told with some interaction from the player.The battles were challenging at times ,until you get Gramr, but was not diverse enough for it to really entertain me. If an enemy pops up you've probably encountered it before and it's a few slashes just to move on.Boss fights are easy in terms of analysing the patterns and then countering them ,probably since the player encounters them again in the last battle and needs to remember these easy counter attacks.Graphics were amazingly well done, playing it on PC with it's highest settings on 1080p was truly a great experience. From dark to bright scenes while puzzle solving or viewing a flashback you're constantly flung between lush green fields and flowers with sun rays to dark stormy barren worlds with lighting flashes and shadows that seems to reach out to you. NT used video playback (filtered) combined with cinematic of Senua with some of the cut scenes - these were well done most of the times, while 2 or 3 of them were blaringly obvious as the characters did not exactly interact the way they reacted to each other.the scene where Dillion lies on his side with his hand ""against"" Senua's is a prime example of thisAudio is where this game is a mile above the rest. Due to the psychosis the character hears voices and Ninja Theory used binaural audio to track the position of these voices. Lightning and stormy weather was also extremely realistic. I did find it annoying however that while listening to Druth telling a story from one of the random runes, the voices would continue - making it hard to hear his story.The story is epic, well told, emotional, sympathising and something the player feels drawn into. With voices doubting the character constantly I think it drives the player subconsciously to prove them wrong. With the narrator explaining Senua's struggles and Senua getting flash backs you are told about her history as well as her quest which is vague at best, in the beginning.The gameplay its self was mediocre, when the player wants to explore the world in a certain way (like climbing onto a rock that is knee height to view the area) you're blocked from doing so. The player has  an extremely static path to follow through the various scenes with puzzle solving areas providing the most freedom. The perma death mechanic is not something to worry about at all. Some reviewers have argued that it is extremely difficult to trigger. So imagine playing super mario with 200 lives .Puzzle solving is something to get used to in the beginning . where games like GoW would show you in the puzzle room a block that needs to be moved somewhere but first pull this lever . The Hellblade experience does not provide anything like that - players are required to find patterns in the world (which is assisted by the voices and floating runesto unlock doors or alter the realityby viewing things from different angles or walking through enchanted archwaysin order to see different entry points.All in all - I'd rate this game a solid 5/7 - losing points for the linear worlds and the mediocre enemies/battles."
,Recommended,414340,34208686,Posted: 13 August,all,Ishimaru Masato,"An amazing game with a fantastic story, loved every moment of it."
76561198050794653,Recommended,414340,34191440,Posted: 12 August,all,Arlnthi'h,"TL;DR:+a masterpiece of game narrativity,+brilliant design,+beautiful and fitting graphics,(-) a few weaker gameplay elements,(-) minor(!) bugs,- combat could require some adjustments.If you care for strong narratives in games, this is the one to buy for you. You don't need to read any further, you don't have to weigh any more pros and cons: If you care for strong narratives, this is the game to buy for you.Graphics:The game looks stunningly beautiful. Stunning, because it is by no means made with high-end ressources; go look at the water effects on the shore for proof. But because the developers put their efforts in at the right spots, you won't notice the few visual flaws unless you specifically search for them. The style and the different visual elements of the game are seamlessly combined, what with a 3D-reconstructed character from motion capturing and real actors filmed and implemented into the cutscenes and the game world. Attention for detail can sometimes mean that you combine poor-res textures with high-res textures and get a better result from it, and the game proves this in many ways. And, oh my gods, the facial expressions are. so. effing. real. It really pays off to focus so much attention on one character only.Fair warning for people who get head-aches from the motion blur effect: This game has it (and it is by no means subtle) and you cannot turn it off at the moment. I suffer from this, too, but my problems with this game in particular where relatively minor.Design and Storytelling:From the very beginning of the game on, you are pulled into the horror and the blessing the voices are and will be over the course of your game experience. You have no HUD, you have no coherent narrative organisation, you have the voices and what the voices tell you. This by itself is one of the most brilliant design ideas I have ever seen; even more so, because it is implemented flawlessly. I found myself questioning my own sanity at several points, because I could not discern anymore whether my actions were motivated by my own expectations or by the expectations the voices evoked. Because the game forces you to rely on them, but doesn't allow you to trust them, your gameplay experience and the experience depicted become one. Immersion 3.0. I don't have to tell you how outstandingly good the voice-acting is, the fact that this game can rely on it so much is quite telling. The soundscaping itself sometimes is questionably simple, but ... just listen to the first few minutes of the game with good headphones. I assure you at least some amazement.The game's story is not handed to you on a platter, even the small excerpts from Norse mythology are scattered across the game world and you have to reforge their meaning from Druth's sparse rendition. Most themes and plot points are connected only by symbolism and by manner of reoccurrence and reference, the story being told in complete achronology and most of it not being told at all. This (you might have guessed it already) for me is the strongest point of this game, it achieves something almost every other game in any genre misapprehends about interactive storytelling: Narration is not a mere frame for the game experience, it shouldbethe game experience. This game is a narrative experience in the best sense of the word.Gameplay:Almost all gameplay elements are made an integral part of this narrative experience, and here, too, the game outplays its siblings. Take for example the Focus ability, a pointlessly loathsome element in many action adventures of these days (I'm looking at you, Ubisoft). In Hellblade, it has stark limitations and almost no additional functionality, but it is used for a variety of crucial situations which are (more or less) plausibly linked to Senua's particular disposition. The gameplay feels whole because it is not just a bunch of different gameplay elements lumped together in a very loose understanding of what gameplay should offer (it should by no means offer too much, Ubisoft), it at least tries to be simple enough but to offer enough variety at the same time.And the game does not always succeed in doing so, the first trials in particular feel pigeon-holed and modularised. After passing the first gate, elements become noticeably more complex and diverse, relying on the player's learning curve, but exactly because much of the gameplay and the story are so aptly interwoven, many tasks that where obviously implemented as fillers to keep the player engaged (not the worst goal, frankly) stand out so starkly. However, this is only because the game is so good at what it does that you even notice these moments. Almost fittingly, the voices sometimes tell you that all of this is only a test to deceive you and keep you occupied, which again shows the borderline ingenuity design-wise.Combat system and Bugs:If you are looking for the next great hack & slash title, keep searching, this one is ... okay-ish, I reckon. As someone who is notoriously bad at this kind of combat, I had almost no problem succeeding with difficulty set to 'Middle' or 'Hard' for the greater part of the game (I set it to 'Easy' for the last several fights, reason follows). The combat is forgiving yet challenging in some respects, your scope of action is quite limited, though, to the point where you are forced to just wait until your Focus ability is charged up again to do anything. I found myself enjoying combat for approximately the first half of the game, but when it got more complex (different types of enemies from four sides and such), the whole flow of action seemed to rely more and more and then, really, too much on the systems responsiveness, especially of the camera. Now, when you are fighting against six or more opponents on a bridge, lunging at you with different types of attacks from several sides and you can gain ground only by dodge-rolling around one enemy at a time with the camera not changing target reliably, pushing you to the edge of the bridge where you cannot move anymore but in one direction -- the frustration is endless. I finished the game with combat set to 'Easy' and even then swearing the whole time. It's not that the combat itself is bad or too hard, but it is irresponsive to a point where, to my mind, the developers should go back and make some adjustments. It is playable, though. The game has a combo system, by the way, it just does not tell you about it.There also were a few minor bugs I stumbled upon, including places where you can get stuck (though not irretrievably), invisible floors, and minor glitches. One reviewer reported a game-breaking situation where he forgot to light a torch, got autosaved and could not continue his playthrough; which could already be fixed by the time you read this review. Other than that, you should expect a smooth and bug-free playthrough.Is it worth your money?:Yes. This game is not perfect and it remains an unpolished gem in many respects, but it does some things so utterly and perfectly right that I can only and strongly urge you to buy it. Even if you should loath puzzles, loath hack & slash combat, loath the feel of UE4 games, have no particular interest in interactive storytelling, have no particular interest in mythology and mental health issues. This game offers a complex and rich experience of approximately 7 to 8 hours. You have paid more for much less in the past. This is, truly, a AAA game for half the price. And then some."
76561198387060511,Recommended,414340,34192003,Posted: 12 August,all,anirbansen045,beautiful game and aftar a long time a good story game . i love it
,Recommended,414340,34191735,Posted: 12 August,all,shao,"I am dead impressed with this game.The story is gripping, the gameplay is well paced between combat, riddles and well...story.Also I feel like I am learning about north mythology at the same time, wich is weird :)"
,Recommended,414340,34192196,Posted: 12 August,all,nirz,"Very engaging story, beautiful graphics, combat is super fun. One of the most immersive games I've ever played."
,Recommended,414340,34194522,Posted: 12 August,all,Moon_Breaker,"First of all, I bought this game instantly even tho I saw it on torrent.I really don't mind buying software if I think its worth my money and this game is definitely one hell of a gorgeous masterpiece.- the graphics are ridiculosly amazing and fenomenal,- the sounds are very moody and creepy, just the way I like it- the movements, mimicry of faces, fightings are simply flawless - its like watching a movie  :O- the game's whole atmosphere is thrilling and mysticalCheers for the people who made this amazing masterpiece, exceptionally great job."
,Recommended,414340,34192978,Posted: 12 August,all,Charge,You know a game is good when it needs a mental health supervisor
,Recommended,414340,34194571,Posted: 12 August,all,Calv,"Simply put, this game is amazing. The quality and interplay of the audio, visuals and gameplay is perfect and truly shows how gaming as a medium can tell a story, invoke emotions and provide immersion in ways that films can only dream of."
76561198024754240,Recommended,414340,34194632,Posted: 12 August,all,Steve-o,"If you don't cry at the end, you have no soul."
76561198332515848,Recommended,414340,34191051,Posted: 12 August,all,Blood Assassin,amazing gamereally makes u fear of being killed10/10
,Recommended,414340,34191079,Posted: 12 August,all,DjIch1,Very dark and interresting Story arround psychosis. Very rewarding and satisfying fight mechanic.I got goosebumps when i finished it.10/10
76561197970296271,Recommended,414340,34155695,Posted: 10 August,all,zorlag,"Hellblade is an experience first and a game far second. You can think of this  as interactable artistic movie, but just one that cannot be watched like a movie can (it's a terrible choice for streaming, so don't even bother). To really ""get it"" you have to play if yourself. Interestingly game chooses not to display UI, which was a refreshing change from some recent games that fill the screen with information.Gameplay aspects themselves are kind of lacking.Combat is as easy as it can be. Even on hard difficulty this game is extremely lenient. You got a dodge with iframes, block button with easy parry timing, some simple comboes. Focus mechanic for slomo attacks and getting up from ground if you happen to get knocked down. Only reason you even get hit is usually the sticky auto-aiming that gets annoying when you are fighting multiple opponents. Oh, and you have health regeneration too. Again with the minimalist focus, this game has barely any tutorials beyond voices sometimes shouting you to dodge an attack and such.Puzzles... Most are very simple. Couple fun puzzles/obstacles here and there, but most are just about walking to a spot and focusing. Solutions are quite evident in most cases right off the bat or within a minute or two of observation at most.I'd recommend this to people who want an experience that might shock them a bit and for cool visuals and some light gameplay. Presentation is great. Audio is great. Animations are very good. Graphics look very nice and art direction is excellent.NOT, I repeat, NOT recommended for those who want focus on more meaty gameplay. There are a lot of games that do that part better than Hellblade does. Just for example, you could get Hollow Knight instead if you want mix of story/exploration and straightforward combat.I was ok with my purchase even with some disappointments on the game mechanic side, since the delivery was so strong, so I will give it a blue thumb. Your mileage WILL vary, however."
,Recommended,414340,34196286,Posted: 12 August,all,Fapstronaut One,"For prosective buyers, three things to know:1)Very story heavy, narrative driven game. If you don't care for\have the patience to listen, think, and invest in the game's story you won't enjoy it. I'm not even trying to put narrative-driven games on a special superior hipster-esque ""YOU WOULDN'T UNDERSTAND"" pedestal here, I just know you won't enjoy it if faster, streamlined 2games are your thing.2)If questioning the combat - I can see how you can say it's basic - Light\Heavy attack, block\parry, dodge, shield\block-break, & some cool combos. But calling it ""basic"" puts a negative tinge on combat that is nonetheless quite fun, and incredibly satisfying and intense at times - especially if you're invested in the story.3)I swear if you have the money to buy this game but not to at least buy some cheap♥♥♥♥♥two dollar ear buds from your sweaty cousin Lawrence; don't bother. Also, my special tip is not to play with any friends around, like in your Discord server or such.Comments:The graphics are godly.Senua is the best female lead of any game I've played - she's pretty badass (but not like unreasonably badass because some feminist writer\animator had too much pull and so she came off hella cringy like most other female leads that are leads because they're female and did i mention they're female and their personality is female female fem-). Also, mad props to Melina Juergens, who did the awesome motion work for Senua despite not even being an actor by trade?More studios need to hire the voice of ZynbelThe portrayal and focus on mental illness in this game was perfect. Like, Ninja Theory managed to create an entire ~8hr game focused primarily on mental illness without a tinge of it coming off as a cringy Tumblr self-diagnosed""I HAVE ANXIETY!"" ""____ AWARENESS!""rant. After beating the game, and watching the little vidoc in the main menu, I actually feel like I'm at least a half-step towards understanding what is happening inside the minds of some of these people.Complaints:There's an extended ending, for which you need to activate all forty-four runestones before completing the story. Cool, but F*CK I GOTTA DO THIS ALL OVER AGAIN."
,Recommended,414340,34195932,Posted: 12 August,all,Lord Salty,"One of my most favourite games to date,Up there in the list with Life is Strange"
76561197971002157,Recommended,414340,34196253,Posted: 12 August,all,crimsonwarlord,I like this game for its very new and different approach to story telling (including the story itself) as well as good quality graphics.Highly recommended if you want to play something that isn't like anything you have played before.P.S. The combat does get progressively more difficult as more and more enemies swarm around you in later parts of the game.The behind the scenes footage is quite interesting in that it shows how much input Ninja Theory incorporated into the whole of the game from people who have had to deal with psychosis as both therapists and those who have recovered from it.
76561197972524635,Recommended,414340,34205488,Posted: 12 August,all,Pentarian,Very well thought out and put together game.  I believe this game breaks some new ground in the way it was developed and processed.  It really felt like Senua was a person and not a  character.  Congrats to the game devs on a game well done.   I'm really looking forward to seeing more from them.  Thanks to Ninja Theory for an experience I won't soon forget!
76561198021530676,Recommended,414340,34205582,Posted: 12 August,all,Metis,"Female protagonist, Great Story, Great graphics, Well Done! I want to see more of Senua!  Home run in my opinion."
,Recommended,414340,34202224,Posted: 12 August,all,Scratch,"This was one of the best games I've played. Do not do research over this game, experience it yourself. All you need to know is that you need a good pair of headphones.Pros:+Great combat, rewarding and challenging.+Great story/acting/everything that has to do with the narritive.+The best audio in a game to date.Cons:-There is a section of this game that will run horribly, as in 20fps on whatever machine you're running.-SPOILER:The voices have joined me."
,Recommended,414340,34202939,Posted: 12 August,all,Jodyjr8,"Hellbade... is an interesting game. From voices in your head, to slayin' fools, and to dissapearing enemies, this is a difficult game. If you're looking for a Dark Souls-ish game, this is right for you. It comes with a good death system, that can be very triggering, but that's one thing that makes it difficult. Overall, I would give this game 9/10, very little problems so far."
76561198052359468,Recommended,414340,34202807,Posted: 12 August,all,thelaststeven,In all honesty i love this game more then dark souls. lore and fighting is simply so well done...nothing like being mind f**ed...hope they make more of this type of game....and splendid graphics...facial visuals were insane.
,Recommended,414340,34206042,Posted: 12 August,all,McSooty,Only game I've gotten into enough to complete since Bioshock Infinite. It's incredible.
76561198055650503,Recommended,414340,34206022,Posted: 12 August,all,jangelstad,"Excellent Game.. Very good balance of story, puzzles and combat.The combat is top notch, and just enough of it where it doesnt become monotonous, repetetive or annoying.Do as the game says, play with a good set of headphones. The audio in this game is amazing."
76561198074012913,Recommended,414340,34206141,Posted: 12 August,all,percolator52,Absolutely fantastic and engaging. Hands down best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,414340,34204682,Posted: 12 August,all,IshtheStomach,"Just finished my first run of Hellblade. Absolutely fantastic. Worth more than 30 dollars even if I finished it in about 10 hours. I missed two lore rune stones and I've heard the end is slightly different if you get all of them so I'll be playing through to get those last two. But it delivered everything I was looking for, a moving story, incredible sound design, vivid eye candy, and balanced game play. It doesn't lean too heavily on combat or puzzles but lets both aspects shine. The absence of any tutorial was refreshing, and though there was a threat of a perma death mechanic, it only added to the gravity of the play through. The atmosphere and tension were riveting and the performance of Melina Jurgens as Senua along with the gripping story made me tear up more than once. It won't be for everyone, as it isn't particularly action heavy but for me, it really lived up to the hype. 10/10 (obviously this is subjective, but again, it delivered what I was looking for)"
,Recommended,414340,34203320,Posted: 12 August,all,Good Karma,Have you ever wondered what Psychosis was like? This will probably be as close as it gets to experiencing it yourself.Do you like ASMR? This will give you those tingles with a dash of Psychosis.Do you fancy being a voice within someone's head? You will become one.
76561198047649664,Recommended,414340,34203033,Posted: 12 August,all,Craig,"Is this a computer game?  Sometimes...  Is it a piece of entertainment?  Not exactly.   It's a very bizarre experience.   In the dark.  With headphones.   An intriguing story... is it real or in the schizophrenic imagination of the main character?   Who knows.There are puzzles to solve and some combat but they are almost secondary to the experience and really only there so that you can interact more with the world and the story.It gets into your head, under your skin and compells you to press on.   It's a bleak, twisted utterly amazing piece of interactive art that's sometimes a game, but always a ""voices in your head simulator""You just have to experience this.  Ninja Theory have created something quite amazing and very very different.   Don't expect amazing gameplay, expect an experience like no other."
,Recommended,414340,34208877,Posted: 13 August,all,|| Ben Dover ||,"Buy this game if you want to be immersed into a beautifully crafted and tragic story of loss, psychosis, and the inevitable end."
76561198007019031,Recommended,414340,34215855,Posted: 13 August,all,D-Connection-Nila,"I was naive... I bought this game because I saw a screenshot and heard that the storyline is good.11/10 should be naive again.Storytelling, graphics and voice acting are first class.Gameplay is sometimes a little repetitive, but hey... which game isn't?"
,Recommended,414340,34217253,Posted: 13 August,all,zoulnix,"About 8 hours of playtime to finish the game on easy difficulty. Headphones recommended for best immersion, as the game uses binaural audio...Positive.Good story.Great enviroment and gorgeous graphics.The binaural sound was great. Same with the Soundtrack.Great mocap and voice acting.Really good movements mechanics. You can really feel the weight of Senua's body when jumping down a ledge or running through water or just walking on normal ground.Neutral.Combat was decent, but not great.Linear gameplay. This can be good or bad, depending on what you expected from the game. I personally would have wanted slightly more options and a more open world to roam around in and explore.Puzzles too easy. You will not have any real trouble with them in game. Same issue as above. You might want the puzzles to be easy or you might like them to be a little harder to figure out."
,Recommended,414340,34218272,Posted: 13 August,all,Shagral,"Although this is not much of a *game* per se, it's a cool and unique *thing*. If you play games mainly for stories, emotions/experiences - you should definitely check this out. There's nothing like it. If you value gameplay above all else - Hellblade's got nothing for you."
76561198055674216,Recommended,414340,34218140,Posted: 13 August,all,Chris-Citronen,Few words can describe this game in it's glory.If your mad enough to play it in a dark room alone whitout the slightest light except from the computer you will sht yourself before the story even starts.For a company whit only a handful of developers this game is in it's all glory a triple A game.First impression was WOW.
76561198117312953,Recommended,414340,34143453,Posted: 10 August,all,dougalberry,"Overall an enjoyable experience. nice graphics. A couple things are hard to get over, the locked camera over her shoulder is annoying, and she runs soooo slooowwwlllyyyy! that ws the worst part for me. every fight is exactly the same, same characters respawn over and over. they always have the same moves. Trippy story, and when you get innto it, it is pretty intense. I just wish she would move faster."
,Recommended,414340,34138593,Posted: 9 August,all,Mathusala,"I can't recall ever writing a review for any game on steam before, although I have spent many years playing games through steam. I felt the need this time to say that Hellblade is one of  the most epic games I have ever played. Don't ruin it for yourself by watching spoilers or cheat by looking up answers to puzzles. To get the full effect you really need to play it and discover the message they are trying to portray in this story. Thank you the developers who put in the work to make such an absolutely amazing game."
,Recommended,414340,34138596,Posted: 9 August,all,kokochris,- Great atmosphere- Great music- Great story telling- Solid combatIt's a spectacular experience. 10/10 would listen to crazy voices again
76561198069631219,Recommended,414340,34140472,Posted: 9 August,all,SANDMAN588,Awesome game with great graphics and a fantastic story line. This is one of a few games that I would play through several times and not get bored. The puzzles throughout the game make you think but aren't overly difficult that you'll want to rage quit or anything. I would definitely recomend playing this with headphones I just don't think a speaker system would have the same effect.
,Recommended,414340,34112812,Posted: 8 August,all,GeoShock ϟ,Yes boys and girls...The game is short about 7-8 hours but this game is really worth the 30$ in my opinion and it is even a potential GOTY for me.So let me tell you why I think so.This is a new experience. It's unlike anything you have ever seen in games. Sure it has similarities from other games in terms of gameplay and they kept it very simple but I'm talking about the narration of storytelling.The creators pushed the boundaries and explored a new setting with the core focus on psychosis.A mental illness that breaks reality. The person suffering from it creates a fantasy and turns it into reality not knowing what is real anymore. They hear voices in their head mocking them and telling them to do inhuman things. They lose control and go crazy at times. They see things that are not real. They also suffer severe depression even to the brink of insanity and ultimately leading to suicidal thoughts. And keep in mind this is just a very basic explanation because psychosis has unlimited types of mental illnesses.The game dives far deeper into what it feels like to suffer from psychosis and this is what got me interested so I bought the game and I have no regrets.This is a wild adventure with very basic and simple mechanics. Basic but unique puzzle solving and very fun and satisfying combat.The graphics are amazing. The sounds and music are amazing. But the most mindblowing thing is the atmosphere of the game. It kept me on the edge of my seat at all times. It's a rollercoaster of so many different emotions. The immersion is strong and so real. They really nailed it.So yes I 100% love and recommend this game.If you still have doubts or need more information I recommend watching this video but beware it contains spoilers hopefully you can stomach them like me.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEfUajzJv5UI do not own this video!! All credits go to Shirrako!!  thank you very much for uploading.
76561197992417606,Recommended,414340,34143598,Posted: 10 August,all,Str3jda,"This game .... just made my top 10 ! Awsome job, developers!"
76561198042148507,Recommended,414340,34145179,Posted: 10 August,all,Kajta,So far really good. 5/7
76561198040555598,Recommended,414340,34397522,Posted: 21 August,all,=7Cav=CPL.Anderson.J,"Amazing game. Plain and simple. You can't beat the quality that this game has. If you told me that this game was 30 bucks, I would have laughed... Feels like a 60 dollar game and beats out the status quo. Very imersive, and extreemly well done!!! You won't be regreting your desicion to get this game!"
76561198021050460,Recommended,414340,34396675,Posted: 21 August,all,slackerdanman,"Wow.. oh.. Wow.. OH WOW..!! From halfway through the opening in the log canoe I began to realise I was in for unique and original experience.. Little did I realise the true nature of the journey I was about to undertake and how intense, mind shatteringly awesome, distressing and magnificent was the tale that I was about to become a tiny part of.. I had a few concerns as aspects of the subject matter had been so incredibly poorly represented in the past.. But those concerns quickly melted away as I became more and more engrossed in the gorgeous and deeply disturbed world. THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR EVERYONE..!! THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR 'POPCORN' GAMERS - Looking for a more hand-holding and safe, escapist, ego massaging, positivity boosting, re-assuring re-enforcement of the self delusional media products that we all consume to 'wind down after a hard day' and restore our sense of peace, reliability, predictability and assurance in the world we come to know and try to create for ourselves. THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR THE EMOTIONALLY IMMATURE..!! If you are the type of person who finds the world to be a little too vast, scary and over-whelming at times and to survive and stay ‘sane’ enough to function, have to retreat to ‘safe’ chemically, electronically or ‘spiritually’ induced fantasies, illusions , delusions or realities to allow our minds to catch up with ourselves and make sense of our experiences. Or the type of person who has yet to experience enough of the ‘real’ world to properly contextualise what this game has to say to you and to give to you. Or the type of person who as their coping method and strategy is to deny, vilify, attack and turn your back on anything that may challenge your conception of your reality. Or people whose life is consumed, ruled and crippled by fear. Or people who are helplessly addicted to their favourite junk food and will only eat the same thing again and again and again and again and again and again..!! That said.. MAYBE.. this is EXACLTY THE GAME YOU SHOULD PLAY..!! THIS IS A GAME FOR.. people who care, who love, who explore , who genuinely wish to gain a greater understanding of the varieties of our existences. People who want to relish their time in their existence, taste new tastes, hear new sounds, see new sights, feel new feelings and think new thoughts..!! THIS IS A GAME FOR.. people who ADORE a challenge, THIS IS A SUBLIME GAME of stunning design, artwork, sound, music, performance, pacing, story and intent. This is a game which may very well ‘rock your world’. This is a game that WILL F##K WITH YOUR MIND..!! This is a game that will whimper, then cry, then shriek, then SCREAM, THEN ROAR in your face and ears.. as it tries to convey it’s simple subtleties and depths. Its conceptions and understandings.. THIS IS NOT A GAME THAT EVEYONE CAN HANDLE..!! For my third and final session of play I chose to play without headphones as the ‘furies’ whispering in my ears continued to gnaw at my own sanity..!!  I did learn to better ignore the negative and unhelpful furies and welcome and appreciate the positive and helpful ones and bizarrely, once I had finished the game, I began to miss the furies..!! But.. THIS IS NOT A ‘NICE’ GAME..!! This game is Unsettling, frustrating, disturbing, chilling, freaky, soothing, beautiful, reassuring, infuriating, terrifying, awful, upsetting and terrible in the best ways. THIS GAME IS A TRIUMPH in the way that, to me, Ninja Theory has accomplished its goals with this product and the limitations and liberations of the technology it utilises. But ultimately it is just a game. A game that may open insights, understanding, empathy, compassion and appreciation of the issues its players will play through and thusly it may hopefully bring a little more empathy, understanding and compassion into the world. But still, it is, just a game.. A powerful, terrifying, inspirational and provocative, But just a game.. imperfect, sometimes, thankfully, only very occasionally, a little buggy, laggy and glitchy but somehow perfected and strengthened by its imperfections, mostly.. However, it is just a game.. a game that, through the epic, relentless and exhausting battles. Through the epic, tragic and invigorating story, that may serve to change the conceptions, prejudices and assumptions of its players and hopefully, subtly, in its humble way, change the world for the better, giving it the gentlest of nudges towards a wiser and enriched state of existence and for that I applaud all at Ninja Theory and all that helped with and contributed to the creation of this game, no matter how small or subtle, with every fibre, atom and electron of my being.. This game is a challenge. This game is challenging, This game is great.. But just a game.. and these are the thoughts, rants and ramblings of just a person, just one person,  who, in Senua has found a fellow traveller through the battles, darknesses and furies of this world, just one person who, is left asking a question. As Senua, hopefully, continues her journey through her existence, as she, like us all, strives to find love, acceptance, build a home and find their place in their world, will we get to witness and play our part in Senua’s vengeance, revenge and/or justice..?? I truly hope so, but that said.. I am still yearning for Half Life 3..!!!"
76561198017435137,Recommended,414340,34399826,Posted: 21 August,all,kc-paul,I stayed up till 4 am playing this game because I could not leave it to come back and finish it later.  I have never been so affected by a game before.  I loved the experience and I had to just sit and process it for a long time.  I still am processing it and I would recommend the game to anyone who likes psychology and an amazing story.  The acting was superb and the cinematic breaks totally engross you in the story.  Although the game is very mythological in nature (which I am usually not into) the game has a harsh sense of realism and urgency.  You feel the despiration and torment of Senua as she continues through the story.  I will definitely play through again soon but I need time to figure out how that story has affected me. 10/10
76561198042423280,Recommended,414340,34399827,Posted: 21 August,all,Diederjij,"Get a good pair of stereo headphones and play this game, a one of a kind experience that nothing else really compares to."
,Recommended,414340,34397643,Posted: 21 August,all,╬ Soulrox,So immersivesuch gameplaymuch recommended!
76561198033452528,Recommended,414340,34398362,Posted: 21 August,all,AtomicJuggler,Excellent game!!!
,Recommended,414340,34398410,Posted: 21 August,all,RGCKain,Psychosis simulator 201710/10 would go crazy again
,Recommended,414340,34345504,Posted: 19 August,all,t.tv/shortshotcasey,"Thoughout this game I had goose bumps.  This is one of the most immersive games I have ever experienced.  I would not even describe my time with this as playing the game, but following a story.  It draws you in like no other game I have ever followed.Very few games can you play the game straight through and not feel the need to get up and take a break.  I give this 10/10 any day of the week.   Ninja Theory, thank you for creating this game."
,Recommended,414340,34344482,Posted: 19 August,all,Beyond,"Amazing story, phenomenal graphics, great gameplay. 'Nuff said."
,Recommended,414340,34344527,Posted: 19 August,all,I Cookeh I,"Very good music and story, awesome!"
76561198046778148,Recommended,414340,34344727,Posted: 19 August,all,Frakno,"I've only played this for a few hours so-far, but it's because I've had to surgically remove myself so I can go to bed O_oTLDR:I am LOVING this game! Ninja Theory's live motion capture technology is a breakthrough that takes storytelling to a whole new level. In my opinion, the price is more than fair considering what they've delivered in the first couple of hours I'v played. Even if this game isn't really your thing, it is a perfect opportunity to send a message to the industry that the proverbial bar has been set.The long version:Sure, I've only played this game for a couple of hours, but like I said before, I'll be up all night if I let myself. In the developer videos/interviews during the making of this game, Ninja Theory (NT) made it clear that they wanted to make a change in the industry by providing a AAA but without the typical pricetag. Sure, the combat system may seem shallow to some, but I felt it was fluid, challenging, and still quite fun. Seriously though, this game isn't about the combat, it's obvious that they want to tell a story.NT's motion capture has enabled the protagonist to feel real and human, and the actress did a fine job. A big part of the game is Senua's struggle with her inner doubts/feers which are portrayed through whispers that you really need to hear through decent headphones to appreciate. At first, I was worried it would get annoying, but it turned out to add a layer of depth to the game that really drew me in. I felt NT is putting a lot of effort to really make you feel like you are very much a part of the story, and even a part of Senua in a way.The gameplay/character motion is fluid, and I haven't noticed any glitching or stuttering. The puzzles I have come across have been engaging, but not overly frustrating, and seem more a part of the story than some one-dimensional brain teaser. The world layout also feels very organic and looks nice. Yeah, there are times when I wonder why I can't just climb the thing, but I don't feel it distracting from the experience. The graphics are nice and the animations cleverly done.Are there some imperfections, sure, but so far nothing distracting. I definitely recommend this game. The price is definitely worth it. As I mentioned before, I see this as one of the games to get behind to really send a message to the AAA industry that well-polished titles don't all have to be $60+ and rife with microtransactions. Also, give Ninja Theory your support so they make more games like this one! Will you buy the freaking game already!?"
76561198110618496,Recommended,414340,34353369,Posted: 19 August,all,Kidd Fridge,I recommend with one caution:  the puzzles are repetitive and at times frustrating.   They almost ruin the experience.  I'd rather have the game 2 hours shorter than have his element.   6.5/10 still worth experiencing
76561198043849430,Recommended,414340,34341971,Posted: 18 August,all,Sibasaur,"Awesome gameNice (if not awesome) graphics, played on a GTX 960M and fluid, high detailShort overall (8 hours)MUST USE HEADPHONES FOR FULL EXPERIENCEInmersive, oh boy, so inmersiveTotaly recomended"
76561198088955287,Recommended,414340,34342775,Posted: 18 August,all,DeeJayX25,"This is the first game review I have ever writing. I ether love or hate game but no game has ever made me want to do something that I absolutely hat doing. (I hate weighting if you did not get that.) This game has to be one of the best games I have played in my entire life. If not the best game.  It took me about 10 hours to get throw it. I have been told most people did it in 6-8 hours.  It’s a short game that is true, but every single moment was out ♥♥♥♥ing standing. I literally cannot put into word how this game made me feel.  I can say I loved it.  If you are wondering if this is worth your time, I would tell you “yes, it is.”Quantity over Quality"
76561198134311284,Recommended,414340,34343283,Posted: 18 August,all,Jones Clan 38,this was an amazing piece of work I couldnt stop playing
,Recommended,414340,34342314,Posted: 18 August,all,Potate-O,This is a game every gamer should experience. There's nothing like it in the market and you're really missing out unless you have this.
76561198232524716,Recommended,414340,34342173,Posted: 18 August,all,My Pix,"This game is really good. full of rich story and visuals. I only encountered two bugs through my playthrough, one that didn't affect the game, and the other was game breaking.10/10 This game gives me hope that the game Agony will be good."
76561198027450755,Recommended,414340,34353737,Posted: 19 August,all,chicken,YES
,Recommended,414340,34352067,Posted: 19 August,all,marserMD,"What do we have here?What are you looking at?Tou are looking at an amazing game, Senua!Heartbreaking plot? checkOutrageous graphics that are optimized so hard that even my laptop runs at 50fps? checkMental disabilities? oh yeah, babyWarrior who is going to defeat death itself? Hell yeah!Sometimes the game might become boring, when you get stuck at some puzzle. But look it up at the internet if you aren't patient, but play the game till the end.It is a marvelous, breath taking experience of being a paranoic girl with halucinations, who grows stronger and fights against all the odds."
76561198022582231,Recommended,414340,34359156,Posted: 19 August,all,eatingtuna,"This game presents one of the most intense, immersive and incredible experiences that gaming has to offer. No other genre can depict such a harrowing journey and allow the player to so strongly empathise with the reality that the main protoganist has created for herself. The game tackles mental illness with great nuance and without falling into the tropes that are so common in other mediums. It is a powerful story, with gorgeous visuals, and satisfying and fluid combat.I could not recommend this game more strongly, I truly beleive it represents the best that games, as an artform, have to offer society. Ninja Theory have truly created something great in this game and pushed the industry forward by doing so."
,Recommended,414340,34356854,Posted: 19 August,all,Usikava,"One of a few candidates on my own Game Of The Year list.I just don't know how to describe this expirience so far. It's defenetly something new. And you should try it and embrace it.To speak of the things I do understand. Gameplay is smooth, combat is a bit repetive but there is not so much of it that you could become bored. Soundtrack is awesome too music integrates nicely with ""voices"" and keeps up with the overall mood. Graphic and character design is marvelous just with what love Seneua's dreadlocks are made, it's not your common fashioned hairstyle, there is some loose hair here and there some beads a series of stripes holding them up. Every last bit in this game that I encountered was made with a passion you can easily see."
76561198066928390,Recommended,414340,34358789,Posted: 19 August,all,Nefarious,WOW
,Recommended,414340,34358675,Posted: 19 August,all,ahter,Hellblade: Senua's SacrificeThis is seriously one of the best games if not the best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,414340,34358105,Posted: 19 August,all,Ossaia,"Amazing atmosphere with visuals and sounds.I haven't played much with controller, but it worked perfectly with this game.This game doesn't have that much action, but never a dull moment. Many different aspects of this game like enviroments and experiences are best that I have ever seen (some horror elements)."
76561198071334350,Recommended,414340,34397471,Posted: 21 August,all,Richcop,"Great graphics, good story line. But game is way too short! over in 2 days . limited envirorment  to explore. Good game but for those who like to explore and interact  , this is not a game for you."
,Recommended,414340,34401074,Posted: 21 August,all,d0wЙranK0v1C,Great game 9/10
,Recommended,414340,34403460,Posted: 21 August,all,msolovykh,"This is a difficult game to review holistically.Atmosphere (Audio + Graphics + Set Dressing): 10/10This game is terrifying. Sitting alone in a dark room with headphones on, I felt genuine anxiety in my chest playing this game. What contributes to this is 1) The voices 2) the flashing visions 3) The mutilation imagery 4) acting/voiceStory 8/10Coming off Neil Gaiman's Norse Mythology, the setting of this story really spoke to me. I thought the lore presentation through the way stones was a good way to do it. Senua was a believable character that maintained that this wasn't a story about psychosis, but rather a story about a character with psychosis. And above all else this game managed to get me to empathize with people suffering with mental illness in a way I couldn't before.Thecreating your own hell motif seemed like a satisfying ending that didn't cheapen psychosis as something that can just go away.I knock off 2 points because I thought a lot of the information about Senua's past could've been presented more clearly. I still have a lot of questions about what exactlyher father did to herand I wasn't a 100% sure that""da-kness"" was directly correlated with psychosis until like the end of the game. Before that I thought Senua had some sort of skin disease on her arm in addition to psychosis..Gameplay ?/10The gameplay is where this game becomes hard to rate. Because, yes, the combat isn't anything special (after Witcher 3, Dark Souls, etc...) and the combat camera lock is clunky. However, the fights get better as the game goes on. With thepsychotic screen flashes and engulfing ""da-kness"",the fight withthe ""beast"" towards the end of the gameis one of my favorite boss battles ever.The puzzles are really what hinders this game though. Although yes, these line of sight puzzles force you to take in your environment and yes they provide space for the voices to talk, these puzzles ruin the pacing of the game. Specifically, what feels like a sprint through madness begins to feel like a staring simulator. The intensity lowers. It only becomes clear towards the end how these runes are significant to Senua as a character and most fundamentally, they're not fun."
76561198087079862,Recommended,414340,34276115,Posted: 16 August,all,Berzerka8,"You could not ask for much more from Hellblade. The game is beautifully detailed, the Lore is fascinating, and the story will take you on an emotional rollercoaster. The combat system, although simple, sometimes requires precise timing on wether you should advance in your attacks, or fall back and be prepared to parry. Honestly though, the combat is easily  just a distraction from your main objective, which is unfolding more of Senuas tragic story. The game could easily be beaten within 6 hours. I took my time observing all the beautiful surroundings, and attempting to obtain any and all extra lore i could. Personally i feel the game is well worth your standard AAA title price of $60, Ninja Theory more than delivered with this. I can only hope they somehow continue this womans incredible journey."
,Recommended,414340,34276413,Posted: 16 August,all,NastyIceTea,Such a unique experience.
76561198062469063,Recommended,414340,34279161,Posted: 16 August,all,Mr Minalga,And the Academy Award for best game of 2017 goes to: HELLBLADE SENUA'S SACRIFICEOOOOooooooohhhh the graphics...
,Recommended,414340,34315699,Posted: 17 August,all,-AW- Adretheon,"Beautiful, just beautiful. The art, the story, and the music were just great.I really enjoyed how they did the voices in your head. They weren't annoying or needless. They added an interesting twist to the game play that I think it needed. The lore was really cool and played well the to style they put forth, and the stories they told were also really neat.There were gameplay choices I wouldn't have made, but it was fine. I felt there was to much ""Walk around until you line this up right"" parts in the game. They had some good opportunities to play with the senses that they just didn't take advantage of. Considering that the game revolves around Senua's mental state and so much was about her perception of the world, I felt that they spent to much effort on this one play style that it kind of ruined parts of the game making them slow and tedious.They slowly started adding some puzzles to the game. Making you switch from a dark to light version of the same world, but it wasn't really enough to satisfy the need for puzzles in this style of game. There were some times fairly long stretches of go to point A, swap worlds, go to B, swap worlds, open the door, go back to A, Swap worlds, etc. that made the game move slow. But then they had some really cool times like the trials to get the sword shards where every world played off of a different aspect of gameplay. It gave it variety and actually made me smile at how well the changes were done.There was just to many cool ideas and fun gameplay element that I still really enjoyed the game.SPOILERS_______My one major complaint about the game was it's poorly executed ending. The whole game's purpose was to shine a light on Senua's phycology and what the world looked like to her. They focused a lot about how the journey she's on isn't just to save her lover's soul but to fight her own demons and save her own. Throughout the game they slowly peeled back the mystery of what happened to her town, family, and lover, but they never really pinned down a real answer to that. That could be the point, that it doesn't matter what happened just that it did, but they dressed it all up like there was some reveal of a mystery we just weren't able to see yet. That the main boss was someone, not just a God. It was, it was another inner demon for her. But instead of a reveal that it was her father that was the real menace or that she was just going crazy and this was all a dream, it stuck with the idea that all she's been doing is fighting her inner demons. The reveal at the end is that the monster is you on the inside. Which is cool in it's own right, but it's not really a reveal. That was kind of the whole point to the game, and kind of make the ending a bit of a disappointment.Even still, I'd rate the game as one of my favorite for this year."
,Recommended,414340,34316267,Posted: 17 August,all,Jonas,"I absolutely loved this game and I don't understand the fuss about it like ""walking simulator"" or ""horrible fighting system"". The game is made so beautifuly, I often found myself standing and just treasuring how amazing and beautiful the surroundings are. The fighting mechanics are simple but it makes the battles look super realistic. The game overall is mostly there to tell you the story, it's not focusing mainly on the gameplay, yet the devs still managed to find a good balance between those two. If you like good, deep, interesting stories with merciless dark fantasy, don't listen to the nitpicking hate, get the game and loose yourself in it!"
76561198317558186,Recommended,414340,34316285,Posted: 17 August,all,alaa.alrohy,the game will enter you crazy atmosphere
,Recommended,414340,34316302,Posted: 17 August,all,Hanzzímmér,"Absolutely brilliant game. Well, not game, experience more like. If you're a fan of the Witcher this is something you'll love, it sort of gives off the same vibes however not being an RPG."
,Recommended,414340,34316312,Posted: 17 August,all,j_hawker,"Unbelievably good game, and a fantastic example of how games can be classified as art. I held off on pre-ordering it because of how many times I've been burned by shoddy pre-ordered games but this is worth every penny and more. Has more emotional impact and quality design than a lot of AAA games I've played, and solidly steps into the realm of gaming as an emotional and psychological experience than just something to kill time.I really hope other studios take notice of this game's success and take more risks on smaller, more niche games that deliver a solid experience than just cranking out Call of Duty 45: Hey Look At All The Quicktime Events. Sure, there are some technical issues like noticeable frame drops in certain areas but the story and presentation was so compelling it never bothered me. Thank you for taking the gamble with this project, Ninja Theory! want more!"
,Recommended,414340,34316315,Posted: 17 August,all,IX,"I love this game, incredibly atmospheric mastership of gamedev."
76561198357767470,Recommended,414340,34315786,Posted: 17 August,all,RolloGigolo,Great game but too short!!!
76561198032793508,Recommended,414340,34315740,Posted: 17 August,all,AvengerKieran,"This is a really well put togther game, standouts for me were the voice acting and the music, they worked really well to create the atmosphere of the game. Its a story driven game and is very linear, the story is intresting and engaging but it does lack somewhat when it comes to gameplay, everything works well but the puzzles seem like they are more to add time to the game, are abit of an inconvenience and very basic rather than a challenge. Combat system is again basic but solid. Graphics are solid but arent much to write home about but didnt really notice it whilst playing.Overall this game is well worth a play through, would probably wait till it was on sale, only because its pretty short and doesnt have much replay value but a good game and enjoyed playing it. I liked the fact it was a very different style of game and you can tell alot of work went into it."
76561198091898528,Recommended,414340,34315305,Posted: 17 August,all,Cynric,"This game has been the most intense, captivating and mind blowing 9 hours I've ever spent.The presentation is just beatiful, with the most real seeming character representation I've seen so far. In combinatin with the absolutely fantastic sound (please, use good quality headphones - the binaural audio is what really makes Hellblade shine!)  it just makes an incredible experience. The atmosphere of Hellblade easily beats the already brilliant Alien Isolation. It it so intense that I often found myself being totally dragged into the game, shivering with a fast beating heart in the cut scenes, having to take a break from this overwhelming world every now and then. Just watch the Intro with your favorite headphones on and enjoy the hair on your arms and neck rise as the narrator whispers right into your ears from all around you..As another review stated, Hellblade is not just a game, it is an experience. NinjaTheory delivered a very rare gem here.If you like to experience a unique and truly captivating journey into another person's mind with brilliant dense athmosphere, I cannot recommend Hellblade high enough!"
76561198124801227,Recommended,414340,34317034,Posted: 17 August,all,GiggyB,v pretty
,Recommended,414340,34317392,Posted: 17 August,all,tyler.cardoza,"Fantastic game, immersive and involved."
76561198323619535,Recommended,414340,34317273,Posted: 17 August,all,Merlin The Wizard,Loved this game so much hope they make another one like it.
,Recommended,414340,34313745,Posted: 17 August,all,SKELETON MAN,is good
76561198075507228,Recommended,414340,34314229,Posted: 17 August,all,grim853,"This game is so good I'm not going to bother to sing it's praises, because it's apparent from the trailers, reveiws and ratings that it's something special.What I will say is that with a commercial success of this magnitude, with a game as experimental as this one, I hope we see development companies take notice. I hope we see them put stock in trying daring and interesting new things because they saw the risks this game took pay off.I'll warn anyone reading this that there are some bad fps drops, midway through the game on my mid-high end system. The game is a little stuttery as far as performance goes. It's not enough to warrant a bad rating though, and I'd warn anyone even more strongly not to give this game a bad reveiw based on not-overwhelming technical bugs. Your reveiw counts, and in my opinion this is the type of game, and the type of handling we want to see. I like multiplayer games as much as anyone, but quality single player experiences like this are why I play games in the first place."
,Recommended,414340,34315045,Posted: 17 August,all,seMikel,"Although many people will say that this is not a game, but an ""experience"" I would like to leave this review specificly to avoid the misleading notion that anybody might have that this game lacks actual gameplay.First off to address the most noted downside of this game - the gameplay loop and mechanics. It is true that the game starts becoming repetative after a while: the variety of enemies seizes to exist after you've beaten the first two bosses, the combat does not change or progress throughout the game and the puzzle tend to have the same structure, with a few additions here and there.All that aside I personally would not say that the gameplay is boring. Of course if you come from a background of games with similar combat you might feel undewhelmed with what this game has to offer. But if, much like me, you have no experience in this combat genre and aren't particularly good at it, this game provides an easy to understand combat that you very well might find more appealing. Due to the lack of any UI in the game you might also miss some elements of the combat that could have come in handy (like I did), such as the voices telling you when you are being attacked and the existance of combos.The puzzles are simple and straighforward, but might at times be slightly annoying, as you struggle to find the perfect spot an angle to look at something that is clearly the answer. But since the gameplay loop will keep switching between combat, puzzles, and walking around the place, you won't find yourself bored with them for long periods of time.I don't know how to end this review so I will just say that the game is very well polished and does fulfill it's purpose of being an incredible experience, while at the same time remaining to be an actual game."
,Recommended,414340,34314495,Posted: 17 August,all,shodinson,it has been a long time since i was invested in a story ... since Mass Effect II ..... now there is a great difference in gameplay and game length ... but the emotional bond and the well crafted audios really make this a great game. .. i dig it :D
76561198076689841,Recommended,414340,34157765,Posted: 10 August,all,Bizkit,"Ya know, I usually wouldn't pick up a game such as this one that came out within the past week or so because of chances that it isnt optimized well or its not worth the money.  After reading some reviews, all in which really positive, I decided to pick up the game and man was it good.Pros:- Really good main story, never really made me feel bored as mild jumpscares would always keep me on the edge of my seat- Nice soundtrack, especially towards the ending really makes the tension feel real and continuous- Interesting concept of permadeath if too many deaths (IN MY OPINION)- Fantastic way of illustrating severe psychosis that really makes you think about Senua and what/how she must be feeling- Interesting default combat setting to change based on player performance in gameCons:- If you miss one lorestone the only way to get the achievement is to start a new game and play the whole game over again.  Just feels a little demoralizing after realizing that I missed one and cant go backTL:DR- I would recommend to any fan of story telling games because of the great story (duh) and the overall atmosphere throughout"
76561197972329928,Recommended,414340,34156714,Posted: 10 August,all,Markside,"I know what to say when a game is good, but it turns out I don't really have the words for one that cuts right to the bone in the way this one does."
76561197970396224,Recommended,414340,34156827,Posted: 10 August,all,butcho,"Cheezus Crust, Ninja Theory! You created an amazing game in my opinion. I played all your games since Heavenly Sword, all awesome games...but this one really got me hooked.Unbelievable art- and audiodesign, technically flawless so far, runs @ 4K 60fps on my 1070 and most important: top-notch mocap-performance by Melina Juergens. For example: opening scene, the look on her face while thinking about going back and then pushing the boat back into the river...priceless.I don´t want to sound too melodramatic but Senua is not your standard, lifeless videogame-character. This is a disturbing trip into a disturbing mind and allthough I played only for one hour I can already say that I care more about Senuas fate and how this is going to end than I cared about most videogame character in my nearly thirty years of gaming history.Thank you Ninja Theory. Thank you for keeping singleplayer, storydriven games alive and putting all your heart in it to make it a really awesome experience for the players. love you guys. ;-D"
76561198078884369,Recommended,414340,34157569,Posted: 10 August,all,nerotick,"This game contains everything a  story telling game should be, the visuals give the most amazing atmosphere combined with the sounds and story makes for the best experience possible. If you're into games like SOMA or any other kind of pshychological storytelling game this game most certainly gets the top. The entire game build up for the ending which rendered me entirely speechless. 11/10 would play this game over and over and over and over again."
,Recommended,414340,34115304,Posted: 8 August,all,Glenni83,"5 hours into the game.. and i have to say.. YES, YES and YES!  Worth it? Yes...This game is prolly one of the best games ive played in a way. Its many ways to differ how its a ""one of the best"" This gave me some of the best battles within a character, and one of the best fighting mechanics ive ever felt. The charater moves is allways spot on in battle, so u grow with the sword. I craved for the story as i did go. I did also ask my self alot of questions while i did go on. Becouse u did not know how it whould end in any way.My gameplay ended after 10 hours.  Worth the money, if i knew i whould be sitting with this feeling. i prolly have payed more for it.Love is in the air guys!"
76561198054999340,Recommended,414340,34157649,Posted: 10 August,all,WeeHammers,"The storytelling and the immersion in this game is unlike anything I've played before. The use of the binural surround sound is absolutely amazing! The visuals, are absolutely stunning and the puzzles and combat are sure to leave you wanting more!"
,Recommended,414340,34157332,Posted: 10 August,all,[OR] Techen,"This game blew my mind, I can't recommend this enough.Don't read the reviews, Buy it, Put on those headphoned and loose yourself.Do it, Noaw."
,Recommended,414340,34158465,Posted: 10 August,all,Bluesnarf,"I'm really bad at writing reviews, but this game is amazing. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice really does make you feel as if you are in the shoes of Senua and gives you a glipse the best gaming media can give to make you feel like you are going ♥♥♥♥ing nuts. Not only do you feel like you are going nuts, but at the same time you devlop a deep empathy for Senua's suffering from her condition. I don't want to give too many details and spoil the game but it a beautiful, atmospheric, fun to play, and quite creepy game that takes you into madness and the visuals and atomsphere drag you that much deeper.As some advice as I have read in many other reviews, HEAPHONES ARE A MUST. You will not get the best experience if you do not fully immerse yourself, but I guarantee if you do you are in for a treat."
76561198100507629,Recommended,414340,34160696,Posted: 10 August,all,Jellowalker,Beautiful game with a story about mental psychosis that is told brilliantly.
76561198094052699,Recommended,414340,34161030,Posted: 10 August,all,SwagLikeGandhi,This game is absolutely amazing.
76561198079210743,Recommended,414340,34161053,Posted: 10 August,all,Mr.Krombopulos,"A quick profile as to the type of gamer that I am. I work hard  and often don't have a ton of time for games. So in my free time when I play I set the difficulty on easy as I don't play games to master a skill or beat a certain difficulty, but rather to be relaxed and entertained. After having beaten the first two gates of this game, I can say that I absolutely love this game. I set the combat to easy so it is not too stressful and I really like the puzzles that they put into the game. Both sections so far have a distinct feel to them that make them enjoyable. This game thrives as one that tells a story. Every subtle detail in the world and levels makes this game truly enjoyable. The cutscene blend into gameplay and are really amazing. Overall, if you are looking for a game that gives a good story and narraration into a persons descent into darkness, this is it."
,Recommended,414340,34160906,Posted: 10 August,all,fughilli,"Amazing. Absolutely incredible. Graphics are the best I've ever seen, but that's just the presentation... the actual material of the game is haunting and deeply emotional... Melina's Senua bridges the uncanny valley and really drives the subject matter home. Definitely play with headphones."
,Recommended,414340,34161426,Posted: 10 August,all,TheDevil,"There are aspects that could have been better, then again this is true of every game.One of the main complaints i see is over the combat in game. While i understand the complaint I also see the reason things are the way they are. You only die in combat if you give up... this is an import detail in regards to the game.The content is amazing (Visuals, audio, and music), sit down, throw on a killer set of headphones and enjoy the master piece that Ninja Theory created for us.10/10 Would keep fighting forever again."
,Recommended,414340,34163006,Posted: 11 August,all,fteela,"WOW !! all i like to say it's just WOW ! !!!!everything is perfect i really enjoy to play the game without stopI really feel senua psychosis like im really have that ..everything was great this game should win the game of the year and many trophies !really appreciate this amazing work , Thanks ninja theory .. thanks also for the arabic subtitle ^^keep up the good work :)"
76561198001880613,Recommended,414340,34162849,Posted: 11 August,all,nimbostratus,"Overall, this game is amazing.  The visuals, character animations, acting, story, and mood are insanely good.  It is more about the experience than anything.  The fighting gameplay does feel a little disjointed since it is fairly easy and also it is such a dictated event when it happens (enemies spawn in in a very exact distance and order-- a pet peeve of mine).  However, that is a minor gripe for a game that is boldly doing something different and daring.  Hellblade is intense to play through.  It's a masterpiece.   I'm glad I bought it on launch to support this kind of risk taking in games today."
76561198011608156,Recommended,414340,34163265,Posted: 11 August,all,Ordnalys,"I don't even know where to start. The visual parts of the game are stunning. The protagonist is so painfully human that despite whatever background you have you feel her pain, her suffering. You can't help but be dragged along by the story kicking and screaming and all the while awed by it. The puzzles are a bit of moon logic and the combat is simplistic to be honest, but even with that there's enough tension to make nearly every fight a heart pumping battle.This is definitely a game for the story driven folk. If you aren't, pick this up when it goes on sale. In the meanwhile I'm gonna be recommending this to everyone I know."
,Recommended,414340,34163296,Posted: 11 August,all,funktonics,"A beautifully crafted, cinematic masterpiece. If you're looking for an extremely story rich game with smooth but somewhat repetitive combat, this game is for you! I can NOT stress enough how important headphones are for this game. A MUST MUST MUST!"
76561198030536327,Recommended,414340,34162825,Posted: 11 August,all,Bennick,"What do you get for 30 bucks? A thoroughly-explored, intriguing, damaged character, a well-realized dark Norse setting, a competent, respectful exploration of living with psychosis (at least if the devs' extensive, careful research actually got near the reality of it), combat that's easy to master and rewarding to excel at, some nice puzzles, kick♥♥♥♥♥visuals, extremely intimidating, sometimes actually terrifying enemies, great music, pretty tight controls...And honestly, the best part? A dev team that's passionate and progressive enough to rely on more than empty hype marketing to connect with fans. Seriously, they made a ~30ish episode dev diary series that went into detail on every conceivable phase and aspect of development. They were so transparent about their process and strategy that I kind of skipped some videos just because I was afraid they might give away too much, but they didn't. And they even cared enough about the sensitive subject matter to consult several recognized Oxford and Cambridge specialists on psychosis and Norse mythology and even reached out to a psychosis help group to speak with people who suffer from it and get their take on representing their main character. I am so ridiculously happy that devs like these exist and I hope the rest of this industry takes note. I hope we can learn from them how to respect our user bases and our craft to avoid becoming another misguided stain on the game industry's history.So yeah, you want a damn good ol fashioned linear action story by damn good devs for half the usual price? Hellblade. Do it."
76561197989930228,Recommended,414340,34143015,Posted: 10 August,all,bobeagle77,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a combination of walking simulation, light puzzle, light combat, horror, psychosis expirience and an amazing scenery. You will take control of Senua who suffers from psychosis and guide her through a hell of a journey. This game is best enjoyed if you avoid video reviews. I give it a 5 out of 5+Prices+Amazing atmosphere and changing of landscapes.+Good stories.+Superb Voice acting and sounds.+Good light puzzles, which are not frustrating, once you grasp how they work.+Good light combat.+Good controls, easy to learn.-This game is not for everyone. The games pace sometimes slows down. For you to enjoy the scenery.-Replayability low.-Unoptimized in some later areas. I am a AMD graphics card gamer."
,Recommended,414340,34164457,Posted: 11 August,all,GintFaceKilla,"Great game! Inovative mechanics. Amazing atmosphere. Riddled with bugs, but overall a very new fresh experience."
,Recommended,414340,34359450,Posted: 19 August,all,StoneyWoney,"A big portion of this game feels like a walking simulator. You must be prepared for this or else you might get disappointed. But everything else, from atmosphere to acting to story and the thought behind it is superb.After playing ""NieR: Automata"" this is the second game of 2017 that kept me speechless and left in thought after finishing. Highly recommended!"
76561198099673649,Recommended,414340,34363297,Posted: 19 August,all,Cannibalmerk,"Overall this game is amazing. I strongly recommend anyone who's been intruiged by it to go for it. I know it's a relatively short game and not a very cheap price, but the experience is definitely worth it. I'll go through some pros and cons because whereas this game is really good. It's definitely not perfect. This is my lengthy, typo-filled, but honest review. I hope it guids you well.PROS:*AMAZINGLY beautiful graphics. The visuals in this game look incredible and will suck you in fast. Seemless transitions and visual tricks that will make you question yourself. Wonderul, wonderful, wonderful visually. Honestly, the best looking game I've ever played.*AMAZING audio quality. YOU NEED TO WEAR HEAPHONES!!!!!!!!!!! Don't be a dope and not wear headphones. It is the most important piece of advice ever... Serviously. Without giving too much away, the audio will mess with you and help you at various points.*the story is gripping and engaging. You'll learn more in depth about Viking mythology (I thought I knew a lot, but holy balls those folks have some MESSED UP s#!t in their mythology). Senua's journey will keep you moving forward and hungry for the next piece (Honestly, this was the only thing keeping me going at a few points. more on that in the cons).*The concept of a hero with psychosis is fresh and interesting. The creators did an amazing job capturing the effects and feel of the symptoms. couple that with the visuals and audio and you've got a great foundation for a game. I can't tell you how many times during the game I was questioning myself and the game for different reasons. ""Was that voice in the game or did somebody say something behind me?"" ""So, is all this real? is it all in her head? Is she swinging her sword in the middle of a field like a lunatic?"" Intruiging consept for sure.* incredible character design. The enemies in this game look incredible and they give that feeling of ""... oh s#!t..."" and ""JEEBZUSS-RUN-GETTHAF*@K-OUTTAHERE HOLYBALLZ AAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!""* This ties a few things together. The way they blended the visuals, audio, enemies, story and everyting together did an amazing job making you feel certain ways at certain parts. You could go from feeling helpless to lost to tiny and insignificant, to defiant and filled with rage. Your emotions will be pushed and toyed with in the best ways possible. There were terrifying points and this game is in no way a horror game.*The acting in this game was top notch. Definitely on par with the rest of the quality. Incredible imersion.CONS* As a game..... it's mediocre. The level designs, whereas beautiful are mostly on rails. If I only looked at this in the reference of gameplay quality... I'd be pretty upset at the cost. That may seem contradictory to my initial statements but stay with me.*The puzzles were interesting at first but became tedious as the game progressed. ""Yeah yeah... look at the thing to get the stuff, then wander around and find the things to do the other thing... I get it"" Very limited range in gameplay content in the way of puzzles.*Enemies, whereas amazing looking, were damage spounges. Their moves were easily figured out and once you had that down, easy peezy. One enemy you could litteraly just dodge left/attack over and over them to death. Took for-freaking-ever but easy. and there was only a handful of enemy types so they became repetative. Not sure if this was done on purpose in keeping with the psychosis, but it became bland quick.*To compensate for the bland enemies, they ""made up for it"" by throwing several of them at you at once.  So now you're facing 3-8(hell, maybe more) of these big a$$ dudes all trying to lumber their way (or charging/jumping like wolverine all hopped up on cocaine) to kill you. So most of the fight you're dodging around like a cat in a room full of cucumbers (if you haven't see cats scared of cucumbers... youtube that now) hopeing for that one open shot you can take before going full Cirque du Soleil again.*adding on to the point above, as the game progresses I guess the devs thought ""well.. we don't have any more enemy types to throw at them... lets just make them fight 10 of them... IN A D@MN SHOE BOX!!!!"" andf then towards the end game ****MILD SPOILER ALERT**** ""Lets make them fight all the previous bosses at the same time but in that s#!tty smoky version bulls#!t... yeah... esspecially jumpy McBirdface.... hell... 3 of him at once... why not?"" ***END SPOILER***final thoughtsDon't buy this game to simply buy a game, this isn't just a game. Buy it for an experience. As an overall experience, It's incredible. The devs did an amazing job creating this and it's %100 worth the money. I really hope they make a second or something similar... this concept needs to keep going. That said, I hope they read the reviews and can polish the next project to make it even better. the lore and story delivery was absolutely amazing and I want more. Senua as a character is quite possibly the best charatcer I've ever had the pleasure to play with (may sound weird but whatever). She wasn't just an avatar for me to point around and command. She was a living person with emotions and struggles. Pain and torment, and I was just another voice in her head along for the ride.  Again,. I strongly recommend getting this game . I'm glad I did and I want to support this company so they can continue to produce incredible content."
,Recommended,414340,34357757,Posted: 19 August,all,StoneRaven,"Wow. Love this game. All the elements are there. Makes my PC feel good to push these pixels. Story, Graphics, gameplay, all is there. I have 3 different PCs that I play this on.  A beefy Home server-Gaming PC hybrid that is CAT6 connected to all my TVs and Shields pushing it with a 1080 x 2 SLI set up 64 gig RAM DDR4 and a new I7, a nice little compact number with a 1080 and plenty of RAM connected to a nice 37 "" 4K monitor in my room, and a 3 monitor setup in my office with 3 480RX in crossfire and 64 G RAM that I do various other things on for work. All make this game look stunning.  Its my new fav for sure."
,Recommended,414340,34356609,Posted: 19 August,all,emmanuelh320,Beautiful and dark.  Story is immersive.  Voice acting is great (particularly the voices in your head).  The gameplay is good and the experience alone is worth the price.  The fighting becomes tense since your save data can be completely wiped out (if you die after a certain amount of times).  Great game overall.  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,414340,34357119,Posted: 19 August,all,ＭＲ．ＫＲＡＢＳ,"Rarely will I bother making a review for a game.I will for this one, so here it goes:It's absolutely ingenious. Like, really really good and clever.And it's 30 god damn euros. Buy it."
76561198331531136,Recommended,414340,34357499,Posted: 19 August,all,A17393707,epic... one of a kind
,Recommended,414340,34357671,Posted: 19 August,all,Dux,I can still hear the voices in my head.10/10 would experience psychosis again.
76561198035133721,Recommended,414340,34357673,Posted: 19 August,all,Zyark,Amazing gameplay and story. I really love how much work they actually put into their research in mental illness. I will certainly get their next release. Well done!
,Recommended,414340,34363123,Posted: 19 August,all,ReaperRican,"The very first impression of this game are the graphics, they are simply amazing, and the feature of no HUD make this game feel as if its one with the player. I strongly recommend wearing headphones with this game as it makes it feel as if the voices are real. The only big problem that I noticed is that the subtitles are riddled with typos. In one scene they mispelled come as ""ome"", and in another scene they missused the word your/you're. Other than that the game is really fun, it is narrative, and cutscene heavy though, but over all it is a very fun game, and for the price its really worth it."
76561198022267387,Recommended,414340,34362858,Posted: 19 August,all,Reap,"Dive into the depths of the human mind. I take care of my brother who is Schizophrenic, and he watched me play. I told him the voices are getting annoying and he said, ""well at least you get to turn it off whenever you want to, in my head it's always that way.."". He liked watching the game as much as I liked playing it but it freaked him out sometimes because it mimics the world through his eyes.  I gained more compassion and understanding for my brother and people like him. Plus the story is excellent, so is the gameplay. Not every game needs to be open world and I find games tell better stories when they are more linear. Sound was phenominal especially when you put a headset on, and the environments in Hellhime where just creepy, great voice acting and animations. 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34365974,Posted: 19 August,all,Amanda O'Neill,"at around 7 hours, this game isn't very long, at least compared to most other new games to come out in the last few years. that said, and also considering the 30$ price tag, you should definitely pick this game up if anything in the tags interests you. the game has mastered the simple yet sufficiently challenging style of combat, has some pretty clever puzzles, and to top it all off, has some insanely creepy imagery and intense cutscenes. the game uses 3D sound, so if you play this game with headphones, voices of characters closer to either side of your character will sound closer to the corresponding ear, the use of headphones also makes some parts later in the game easier by making it easier to follow sounds in the dark, as you can turn the camera to figure out where they are coming from. this is my #3 favorite game this year, and i HIGHLY recommend you pick it up as soon as possible."
76561198045690316,Recommended,414340,34367261,Posted: 20 August,all,Kildourne,"What a refreshing game.While it only took 7 hours for me to complete it was a joy every second of the way, the only issue i had was the puzzles that sometimes became a little too tedious for my liking.4.5/5"
,Recommended,414340,34358276,Posted: 19 August,all,Fadedkilo,This is an incredible expierence. Much more than just a game. This goes deep and the story telling is masterful. Absoultely worth it. Buy it right now and get lost. The Audio mixing techniques in this game are outstanding. The way you hear the enviroment and voices surrounding you is very immersive. I hope for game developers take cues from this masterpeice moving forward.
,Recommended,414340,34357997,Posted: 19 August,all,ookami9000,"Wow. Just... wow. I've been gaming since I was four and I've never, ever had this kind of gaming experience. Deeply intense, visceral, distressing, dark and at times crushing; Hellblade's a game that's certainly not for the faint of heart but, for those that can endure it, it tells a story that is powerful, emotive and uplifting."
76561198161783655,Recommended,414340,34358364,Posted: 19 August,all,Orten,A solid 10/10! Simply amazed by this wonderfull game!
,Recommended,414340,34360352,Posted: 19 August,all,Jiggles,"From a theme standpoint, this is one of the most unique gaming experiences I have ever gone through, The amount of attention to detail they put into showing what it's like to have psychosis is astounding (note: I don't have psychosis so I can't give you a solid guarantee this is what it's like, but the amount of uncomfort and mind ♥♥♥♥ is there).Hellblade shows you that a game doesn't have to be ""fun"" to be compelling. From minute one you're thrown into Senua's rapid decline into madness, hearing multiple voices from many angles. And they hardly let up, for about 90% of the game you're hearing them nonstop. The nice little twist is that their intentions switch all the time. Sometimes they're berating you for every little thing, or they might warn you about an enemy flanking you from behind. I could go on forever about this but just know that it's done incredibly well.PROS- Gorgeous visuals with interesting aesthetic- Story is engaging, I played through it all in one sitting because I couldn't put it down- Combat is fun and simple with some unique twists (listen to the voices!)CONS- Puzzles lacking in variety, they're neat the first few times but you'll be sick of em pretty quickly.- A few parts of the game feel like a drag, without spoiling anything I'll just say it does a few horror game cliches that no one actually enjoys.- The PC port is bare bones, you can't even adjust look sensitivity.Overall, Hellblade is one hell of a journey (pun intended)"
76561198086587547,Recommended,414340,34360373,Posted: 19 August,all,yaronelalouf,play it.
,Recommended,414340,34357380,Posted: 19 August,all,PonuryCiastkarz,"In Hellblade is a hack and slash games with logic puzzles inspired by titles like Antichamber and  The Witness. The game puts a lot of pressure on story telling and pays close attention to even small details. In game you play as Senua, Celtic warrior who suffers from metal illness. You are on the quest to the underworld to recover soul of your beloved who was sacrificed to goddess Hela.The game is incredible experience - the story telling and the presentation of psychosis in absolutely stunning. The game itself is very easy, the puzzles are very easy and there is not that many of them. The combat system is basic however I found it satisfying. The game shines with voice acting, motion capture and storytelling. The game is fairly short (around 6-8h). This is more of an experience then an actual game. But it is must play, definitely on my top 10 list.Audio – very good. The sounds are well recorded. Thought the game the main character hears voices. The voices are uncanny yet fascinating effect. The music is well composed into game.Visuals – very good. The esthetics are superb. The locations are beautiful and well-crafted with interesting visuals. The textures resolution sometimes is low.Gameplay – Good.  Well-crafted however I found it a bit too easy. Had fun hover due to gameplay mechanics game has low replayability value due.Story- Loved every peace of it.Conclusions  :Hellbalde is one of the best games I have ever played. It is absolutely worth full price and in my opinion it is must play."
,Recommended,414340,34375925,Posted: 20 August,all,LittleHenry,"Very nice game with well thought out protagonist, nice visuals, very nice game. Everything you would want in this type of game!"
,Recommended,414340,34376303,Posted: 20 August,all,Overseer,Great game!
76561197993376094,Recommended,414340,34357896,Posted: 19 August,all,Solid Snake,"A very special game and interesting theme.Depiction of mental illness through the eyes of a Celtic warrior.Gameplay - wise, there is nothing special but nothing condemning either.A good enough combat system and puzzles that involve around pattern matching in the world.No items or gear change or loot.Graphic - wise, its gorgeous.Story - wise, the mental illness concept blends very well with the history and myths of Celtic era.Duration, I finished it in under 7 hours, for the quality of the game (graphics, research, actors performance)and the 30 euros asking price on release I believe it is fair. Maybe you want to wait for a discount after the 6 monthperiod, picking it up for 15-20 euros is pretty ok.If you want to play something different from anything you played before and explore a more cerebral experience,I recommend this game.If you are expecting a dark souls or hack n' slash type of game move along."
,Recommended,414340,34367859,Posted: 20 August,all,MarioDragon,"Sometimes I forget Ninja Theory can make games, and man is this another one of those games. If you aren't into games that are largely cinematic then you probably want to look somewhere else since you're only given about 50% control of the main character as you make your way through the viking world, but it almost feels like a well deserved break after putting Senua through everything she has to go through. Hellblade also has some of the most fun sword combat I've played in a game since Heavenly Sword, even if it happens less often than I would want it to.For once I think this is actually worth spending way more money than you'll get gameplay wise out of it. It took me around 6 hours to beat, and there's next to no replayability unless you want to try it out on a harder difficulty (or in my case go back to find that one stupid collectible I missed). I also think the story deserves a second pass since some of the mysteries make more sense after you beat it, which will make the game easier to follow. Some people may not be into that and the story is by no means impossible to follow during the first playthrough.If I had two complaints they would be the combat auto locking onto enemies for you, which usually ended up in most of my combat mistakes, and I don't know why the draw distance graphics option puts such a huge load on my GPU on the Very High setting when there's really no part in the game where a far draw distance matters. The game ran really badly until I lowered that setting.But looking past those issues this was amazing, and I'm surprised it only cost $30 at time of release - way better value than Call of Duty or Gone Home"
,Recommended,414340,34367934,Posted: 20 August,all,Fuxymaxy,"Note: First of all, let me clear this out: not Hellblade (as Ninja Theory depicts) is thevanguardin implementing the psychotic experiences in video games. There were many more successful games in this field like, Suffering 1 & 2, Spec Ops: The Line...Only Ninja Theory was the first with benevolent intentions to represent this mental illness.In ShortSpeaking of which, this game is the most authentic and well researchedpsychotic experience representationso far. Every aspect, every feature is there to serve this immersion in this particular mental illness. Not a hack&slash heavy per se, but more of a fine rollercoaster between rage-relieving battles and  task-focused level exploration with puzzles. All of this, embedded deeply into the rich and dramatic folklore of celts and vikings (nordsmen).ParticularitiesOne of the both annoying and authenthic aspect of the game, is the (somewhat) constant whispering around your head, as a strong symptom of psychosis. Always analysing, implying, helping, giggling through erratic sentences and moods around your head . If you don't know it already,this game is best served with headset, for enjoying that insane amount of audio-pleasure it crafted so carefully and meticulously.These girly voices however at the beginning came to me like some teenager girls in the movie theater sitting behind my back, and giggling on the movie constantly.Compelling storytelling ,which by unfolding can lead you to not to understand it factually, but to completely understand Senua's motive behind hertrue pscychosis."
76561198092919680,Recommended,414340,34370658,Posted: 20 August,all,Nuri,"just wow. i was a bit confused at the end and i died 2 times on a bug and one time i fall through the floor. so i had 3 bugs in total. but this game is just gread. graphics, atomosphere and even the gamplay. not every game has to be darksouls like. i enjoyed this game alot."
,Recommended,414340,34370901,Posted: 20 August,all,particle,"*This is now in my  best games of all times list and I played a lot - I am not exagerating*I just played this through 2 days ago and I am still thinking about the narrative of this game.This is no childsplay. It feels emotionaly draining.Senua ist one of the most badass and complex characters I encountered in videogame history.The mocab acting is very immersive and fits perfectly.The whole game as such is a visual stunning piece of art and also has a very good combat system, despite physical combat is not the primary focus.Buy it and play it. Support Ninja Theroy for putting this out."
76561197974394647,Recommended,414340,34370609,Posted: 20 August,all,Pewpew!,"Amazing game. Amazing story. Amazing Graphics. This game is just top to bottome exactly what a game should be. It's priced perfectly for it's lenght. It's playable day one, has had the minor issues patched by the devs quickly. If you're looking for a break from all the crap AAA games. And want your walet to be twice as heavy, and your heart, and mind conflicted of a real fleshed out charcter. Get this game over any AAA crap game that's come out in the last two years. This game is easily GoTY contender."
76561198065917957,Recommended,414340,34370622,Posted: 20 August,all,Zaphorex,10/10
76561198093399492,Recommended,414340,34370642,Posted: 20 August,all,connah,"Great game. Visuals, facial animations and voice acting are all excellent, I recommend watching the feature video on the main menu after completing the story. Music is also very nice and combat is well done and satisfying. Short-ish but well worth it as this is a very well done game with a heavy hitting story and real passion from the devs"
,Recommended,414340,34368073,Posted: 20 August,all,Somebodyh,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is the closest anyone should ever have to go to a mental illness.Highly recommended, Ninja Theory is doing something new and I hope people see that and support them."
76561198334891507,Recommended,414340,34369560,Posted: 20 August,all,srujanagrace,"Best game in the recent past. The emotion that the game carries from the beginning to the end is unbelievable and only a very handful of games were able to achieve this feet ever. The graphics, sound and the art work is extraordinary. Highly recommend this game. However, it's not for the faint-hearted."
,Recommended,414340,34369145,Posted: 20 August,all,help,"Really refreshing. My advice would be to not read up on the game at all, play it, and then watch the included feature after completing it."
,Recommended,414340,34364184,Posted: 19 August,all,valics,"This is a game that you should play without streaming it. You should emerge yourself completley in it. You should play it like reading a book. Don't await a action game, don't await a puzzle game. Await an emersive game. Become one with Senua, then you will truly enjoy it"
,Recommended,414340,34367894,Posted: 20 August,all,20mithrandir,"Great. Just great. It was the most 'intense' gaming experience I've had since more than a decade. When they (Ninja Theory) say, that it's not for the faint-hearted, then you can count on it. It's a brutal journey with unsettling visuals and audio. Intelligent story telling and a few interesting puzzles and fights makes this more kinda an interacive novel ... but I think it works as a 'game' as well. At least it's very unique ... never did come across anything like this. I think it's worth every cent. As for the length ... it took me ca. 9.2 hours to finishe it, without really rushing through. Some puzzles took quite some time (I'm not that good at it and keep overlooking some basic things again and again ; - ). So you can probably finish it in 8 hours as well : D"
,Recommended,414340,34383528,Posted: 20 August,all,Thayonn,At first I was sceptical. Then fell in love. Then hated it. Kinda repetitive. But given it is an indie game. And puts the big names to shame on how a game should be created. Then this is a AAA title.Just be warned the voices are amazing and you will be hooked instantly.More games from this developer please. The immersion is second to none. Well done.
76561198067990265,Recommended,414340,34377536,Posted: 20 August,all,andrb25,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,414340,34377856,Posted: 20 August,all,woob,Great sound design ! (wear heaphones)
,Recommended,414340,34384089,Posted: 20 August,all,AllexisVamp,awsome game. does cover tough subjects i would advice to head their warnings that u see just before u start the game
,Recommended,414340,34384058,Posted: 20 August,all,SirRaiderRob,A Beautiful Nightmare.
76561198116288771,Recommended,414340,34373936,Posted: 20 August,all,tabletka00,I haven't cried that much in a long time.
,Recommended,414340,34372271,Posted: 20 August,all,Phenom,"Ok so i heard alot of hype about this game on youtube and rating are awesome on steam but damn. This game is beautiful and terrifying. I can honestly say that i care about senua and feel kinda terrified for her. The constant voices in her head...and thereby in my head really emerse you in the game play.  For once the hype is true. IM enjoying this game, keen to finish and see how it all turns out."
,Recommended,414340,34373750,Posted: 20 August,all,Warp,"- This is not an ""action"" game, where the only thing you need to do is killing people or monsters in different ways.- This is not an ""adventure"" game, where you need to solve complex puzzles and spend hours trying to find your way through interactions with objects and NPCs.- This is not a ""tactical combat""game, where you care a lot about the combat mechanics and character stats.- This is not an ""RPG"" game, where you go through a story improving skills and learning powers.- This is not a ""survival"" game, where you need to find your way from nothing to survive different events.- This is not a ""walking simulator"" game, where you go through a predefined or open path just wondering the surroundings.- This game is an entire experience. It is not just a common game, with predefined features that (nowadays) you can expect from 99% of the AAA games. This game is unique and magnificent, introducing a new way of capturing the user attention entirely through atmospheric stimulation and story.THIS IS A MASTERPIECEI would recommend this game for people that is looking for something more than just the standard.Finally, it would be nice if the developers continue with this approach in the case a second version is released in some future (please do not convert this amazing game into a standard boring game).THANKS!"
76561198090898044,Recommended,414340,34374209,Posted: 20 August,all,DFWBassist,"I finished this game last week and took a few days to formulate my thoughts on Hellblade.  Obviously its not as big of a game as Skyrim or Witcher 3.  But this game is so much more powerful.  It tells a story in a way i have never had a video game tell a story to  me, ever.  This game is amazing, and i could ramble on about how great it is, but the game can speak for itself.  Buy it, play it ALL THE WAY THROUGH.  I dont see how anyone could be dissapointed.  At this point, I consider Hellblade to be Game of the Year."
,Recommended,414340,34374229,Posted: 20 August,all,xenoaroe,"Hellblade: Senua's sacrafice offers an experience unparalleled by anything modern gaming has to offer.  The narrative, with cornerstones of love, loss, mental illness, and acceptance, is seeped in nordic mythology.  You should 100% play this game with headphones for the full experience.  In order to simulate schizophrenia, the main character and, by extension, the player hear voices.  Visual distortions mark the landscape of this game and serve as a window into the main character's psychosis and as puzzle mechanics.Having a game focused on psychosis is a risky manuever, but Ninja Theory took its time, did research, and approached the issue with the seriousness it deserves.I bought this game at launch for $30.  It was about a five hour experience, and I have zero regres.  If you are into artsy games or are looking for someone genunely different and bold, you should buy this game and plunge yourself into Senua's madness."
,Recommended,414340,34373714,Posted: 20 August,all,KRIS,One of the best games I've played this year.10 out of 10Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFOctomvXtghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=658iJoPJsMEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVUFZzHTvkA
,Recommended,414340,34372430,Posted: 20 August,all,Scott Pilgrim,This is less of a game than it is an experience. I recommend playing it in the dark with headphones.
,Recommended,414340,34373360,Posted: 20 August,all,Julian::Medici,"One of those creations that leave you staring into black screen after credits in the end of the game are long gone.Great story.Dense atmosphere.Deep enough puzzles and combat, but not too deep to distract from the actual story."
,Recommended,414340,34372492,Posted: 20 August,all,Abstruse,"An amazing atmospheric experience with a super end, that I will remember for long time!Awesome graphic, animations and especially audio!+ for Soundtrack!Best Ending Song!!+ for Melina+ for IndieAAA gameThanks Ninja Theory :)"
76561197971999885,Recommended,414340,34372841,Posted: 20 August,all,Faceless,"All in All a great Journey with a rather unique Setting. The Way the Psychosis was implenented was often really distrubing, so I would say they did an excellent Job there. If I had to Pick Downsides here it would be the Lag of Collectables or a Skill System, as well as the very liniar Level Design. Nevertheless, totally worth the Money, expecially if you are into North Mythology."
76561198009376369,Recommended,414340,34372734,Posted: 20 August,all,Riotstar23,"awesome game, great atmosphere, great graphics"
,Recommended,414340,34388500,Posted: 20 August,all,pvlfilip,"That was just overwhelming. I really loved the depiction of shizophrenia with all the voices evaluating your actions, pushing you to do something or prohibiting you to, with great performance of the actress of the main protagonist (some screams were really blood chilling).Unbelievable, what some small studios are able to do...One of the best games lately, went through the night before a working day, just couldn't stop"
,Recommended,414340,34363624,Posted: 19 August,all,Mr.Frantz,If you like voices in your head this is the game for you.
,Recommended,414340,34213442,Posted: 13 August,all,Toast,Bloody good gamegood storygood graphics and♥♥♥♥♥♥One of the best game i played for sure
,Recommended,414340,34208891,Posted: 13 August,all,Capt. Chris (W11W),".. I'm out of words to describe this game.The graphics are stunning (I mean, get into camera mode and look into Senua's eyes..), the environments are so beautifully detailed, everything feels like watching a rendered movie, but it's actually you playing the game.I love the attention to detail when it comes to her mental health, this is some pure schizophrenia and multiple personality disorder that hits too close to home, and I love it.I like the puzzles I've encountered so far, that you actually have to think a little and keep in mind what you've seen before.Wouldn't we all like to see through the veil?"
76561198095491471,Recommended,414340,34208783,Posted: 13 August,all,bassojack,"this game is an experiece that will force you to push through hell itself. buy this game, wear headphones, dont look at a guide, and enjoy"
,Recommended,414340,34211589,Posted: 13 August,all,vebski,"Incredible expirience, gives you a glimpse of what person with psychosis my expirience."
76561198272415131,Recommended,414340,34211407,Posted: 13 August,all,Adam-Ze-Shooter,I can honestly say i have never played such a unique game in my life. Story is absolutely amazing and the graphics and sound is amazing. You will definetly need a decent pair of headphones for this game to really immerse you in it.Only dislike is its short apparently so i keep stopping to prolong the games life haha.All in all 10/10 based purely on such a unique story telling game that acts more like a interactive movie than a video game.
76561198050343376,Recommended,414340,34221821,Posted: 13 August,all,michellescott69,Can't say that I've played much at this stage but this is a top quality game. Not sure how long play time will be as suspect might be quite short but the graphics and production are top notch.This is definitely the best looking game I own and have played.I was a bit worried about the combat when I saw the first video over a year ago but the combat is fun and love the animations. Every game should be properly mo capped these days - there's no excuse for it not to be - Skyrim I'm looking at you.
76561198012586229,Recommended,414340,34221986,Posted: 13 August,all,Ether7ex,"This has to be the most intense rpg made, really blew my mind. Amazing storyline, graffiks, and the whispers makes it more tense,  and the complexity of the rune finding/puzzle finding are mind gnawingly hard, even tho they are in plainsight.And the psychological aspect gets to me, makes it so much harder to consentrate. Keep ur eye open, not only open but pinpoint observation is needed! trust me on that."
76561198133708886,Recommended,414340,34220967,Posted: 13 August,all,Ramcas,"This game is a unique experience! One of the best I've had at all.If you are to enjoy Hellblade, you must appreciate it for its narrative, its efects, its indie nature withing a AAA quality.There are no quests or branching, no progressive lvling nor getting better gear. If you need that of an RPG then here you will miss it.It's slow paced yet never boring. Puzzles are smart, at points repetitive but never boring, Beautiful graphics, master soundcraft, master storytelling.Combat is very enjoyable with combos, dodging and parrying.Headphones and lights off are a must for fully immersive expercience which is how this game is supposed to be enjoyed.Hellblade is a gem among videogames."
,Recommended,414340,34221870,Posted: 13 August,all,Capt.Sweglord,So effin' good
,Recommended,414340,34219992,Posted: 13 August,all,silver6kraid,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is perhaps the most impressive indipendent production I've ever seen. Not just for the visuals (which are amazing, especially the facial animations), but for the passion and care put into it's creation. It tackles a very difficult and uncomfortable subject matter in the form of mental illness brilliantly. I have family members that suffer from simlar forms of psychosis and can tell you this game does the best job of portraying it I've ver seen. On top of that it's a truly great story that effectively puts you in the same headspace as the main character. Senua's struggles feel real and her successes feel great as her failures feel terrible. The dedication to the Norse mythology is incredible too. Usually the setting is used as a gimmick but this game stands out by it's utter commitment to it. The brutality and harshness of the world Senua lives in is very powerful. That is aided by the difficult but rewarding combat and intracate, if somewhat repetitive, puzzles. The camera being so close to the character really drives this point home. Every combat encounter is personal and terrifying because of the sense of paranoia and real threat of permadeath. Though I died several times and didn't lose all my progess. So if permadeath is a deal breaker for you I would say don't worry about it. You would have to fail pretty spectacularly for it to happen. If you are worried about it the combat difficulty can be turned down, though I didn't find it necessary. The game can kind of drag a bit at points and it does have a few bugs, but nothing major. No critical flaw to report on. It is a linear game that lasts 7 to 8 hours but it's a great story worth your time. I can't recommend it enough and would go so far as to say it's one of the best games of the year so far."
76561198011577128,Recommended,414340,34221620,Posted: 13 August,all,Calibaen,Wear your headphones. Crank it up loud.
76561198011799100,Recommended,414340,34221142,Posted: 13 August,all,Thirdeye,"Amazing, Absaloutely amazing. Great story, gameplay, Graphics, art etc. would recommend everyone to play and give a full playthrough."
,Recommended,414340,34219621,Posted: 13 August,all,UnitedWeDance,"Beautiful atmosphere, alluring storyline and a harmonizing soundtrack  make this one of the best experiences I've ever had in video games.The graphics/landscapes are astonishing, the fights, even though somewhat basic, are very fluid and with a good enemy diversity and theme, keeping me engaged at all times.People complained about backtracking, but considering how immersive the experience was, I was enjoying the scenario all the way through, so backtracking didn't feel like a task at all, not that you have to backtrack a lot to start with.Without dwelling into it, I can also say that the ending also seemed fitting.Its duration was also good and considering its price, I think this is a great purchase if you're into this kind of games and not just mindless bashing the keyboard."
,Recommended,414340,34116504,Posted: 8 August,all,Godvernment,"This independent, visually-striking game puts you in the eyes and mind of a Celtic protagonist, Senua, who suffers from psychosis. You embark on a dark, disturbing and challenging journey filled with illusion, deceit and doubt as you find your way to and travel through Viking territory and the underworld. The combat is upclose and personal, smooth and satisfying, giving you many attack variants, along with block, parry and dodge mechanics. The graphics are gorgeous with many screenshot worthy scenes and the controls are well thought-out and customizable. The visual and audio based representations of the effects of psychosis are both interesting and disturbing, though I'd imaging you'd have to be into stuff like that to not have it bother you.The depiction of psychosis within the game has been thoroughly researched and approved by both mental health and psychosis advisors and patients for accuracy. As the price tag suggests, the game is relatively short, in my opinion, it was just the right length; not too short, not too long.I recommend this game for it is beautiful, satisfying and challenging.Note: There is a rumor spreading that states this game has a permadeath feature that will erase your save if you die too many times. This is not true and it is a misinterpretation of a feature that drives the story."
,Recommended,414340,34219405,Posted: 13 August,all,Kordesh,"This is not an action game. Combat, while fluid and well done is somewhat rare and more of a plot device or used for expression. That said, to call it a ""walking simulator"" as it's been called would also be greatly simplified and almost dismissive. The game is very much an experience, one best experienced alone and focused. I could see much if not all of it being lost on someone playing through with a group of people or on Discord or otherwise distracted.If you're purely looking for the action/mechanical gameplay bits or plan on picking apart every thing that you come across as a goof, it's going to seem like a fairly middilng thing. If you let it pull you in or sympathize with any of the subject matter even a little, it is a considerably stronger experience. It's rare that a game could legitimately be considered introspective, but I believe this falls squarely in that category as they set out to do something here and I believe they did a fair job at achieving it.Oh, and if you have headphones, definitely use the headphones. They did a fantastic job with the audio."
,Recommended,414340,34220057,Posted: 13 August,all,Shot_Dunyun,"This is a en excellent experience. Play with headphones or dont even play it, the sound is that good. Excellent pricing, the lenght is just the right amount to enjoy it on a weekend. Do a yourself a favour an play it."
,Recommended,414340,34223140,Posted: 13 August,all,SeevL,"i'm not great at writing reviews, but it was a rollercoaster of emotions playing through this masterpiece. the studio promises delivering AAA quality indie titles and OOOH BOY do they exceed their promises! this has to be the 2017 indie title for sure. you MUST play this game. and you MUST use headphones.10/10"
76561197976039840,Recommended,414340,34222971,Posted: 13 August,all,wampuscat,The game starts out a little slow at first but slowly drags you in with a great story and immersive graphics. Overall its a great game with a few parts that I feel they should have improved on such as combat. Would have been a great rpg. Still a must buy/play.
76561197993148993,Recommended,414340,34223061,Posted: 13 August,all,zububu,"In one word WOW. just finished it and this one is an amazing game, you can really feel the amout of love and the attention for details they invested in it.by far one of the best atmosphere i have seen/felt/shited myself in the last god knows how long.just the right balance between pazzles that are not too dificult to fighting and exploring. The fighting are fun and the bosses are great.the only pitfall of this game is its linear and 0 replayablility. whith that said, WHO CARES! you just cant get enough of senua. you just need to know more. and the stories regarding the myth's, simply a game to be remembered."
76561197970314486,Recommended,414340,34223192,Posted: 13 August,all,Felotus,"Furies: ""You can't make it! You're too weak! You're going to die here!""Awesome."
76561198047700899,Recommended,414340,34351831,Posted: 19 August,all,SirMoBariq,"On that permadeath thing: Senua ""sees"" something happens to her body- which leads her to ""believe"" that if it reaches her heart, she will be forever lost. Which leads you, the player, to think it will cause the progress to be lost for good (well, yeah, there's that warning on the screen which may have been a bit too much).But no one can really say for sure that what she sees and believes to be objectively true. So I think the whole ""what-if"" aspect of permadeath is kind of meta-game gimmick/trick to further enhance unstable relationship between the player of the game and in-game ""reality"" as experienced by Senua.Otherwise, fantastic storytelling, well-written dialogues, mind-blowing acting, visual and audio design. I found a few puzzles to be a bit too confusing and tedius, but overall everything worked pretty well for me.Ran it on GeForce770 2MB with ""Good"" setting and it worked smoothly, I have experienced no crash.Japanese subtitles almost perfect as well.日本語字幕はとても良い出来です。同時に複数の幻聴が聴こえてくるため、進行に必要なものの字幕しか出ない、という問題はありますが画面全方向に字幕を出すわけにもいかないので、まあ十分かなと思います。"
,Recommended,414340,34351545,Posted: 19 August,all,Not Tredle,a good game
76561198332110008,Recommended,414340,34350633,Posted: 19 August,all,Many-faced God,Best game ever... God Story and Gameplay...And the ending wonderfull...
,Recommended,414340,34351728,Posted: 19 August,all,LeMakh,"This really is a work of art rather than a game. Play it with headphones, the use of sound is absolutely outstanding, and I have never seen sound be used as well as in Hellblade, in any videogame nor movie.I really do recommend watching the 'making of' after completing the game.Recommended and worth every penny in my opinion."
76561197975734539,Recommended,414340,34359443,Posted: 19 August,all,Apollo (Snake),"9 hours of solid game play and completed...but don't let that put you off, this really was an awesome game with amazing graphics and story…best Viking game out since Rune! ...the voices in her head got a little bit annoying about half way through game play but I persevered on."
76561198101522217,Recommended,414340,34362221,Posted: 19 August,all,iLike2Wina,"Senua (Sin-knew-uh) Sacrifice is an amazing story. The purpose behind it is to portray what it's like to deal with a mind that's attacked by voices, and the struggle to differentiate reality from fantasy.I can honestly say that this is the most gorgeous game I've played since Horizon: Zero Dawn.The story is rich, yet a bit linear, but is broken up by a perfect mix of puzzles and BEAUTIFUL fighting.Cutscenes can be explored in photo-mode, and you can seamlessly resume gameplay, after getting your perfect shot.The voice work is phenomenal, and the actors and actresses did a really good job portraying the characters and making them feel like real individuals.Honestly, this is the best $29.99 I've spent in a while. If you love stories with a deeper meaning, then this game is what you're looking for."
,Recommended,414340,34364717,Posted: 19 August,all,Joven Dino,Beautifully created and perfected. 10/10
,Recommended,414340,34364636,Posted: 19 August,all,aiKi,"Great game in many ways, if you are looking for open world and side quest this game is not for you but if you like to see a very good story and interesting representation of psychosis with very good acting then this is your game"
,Recommended,414340,34156258,Posted: 10 August,all,BhikhariBihari,A fresh experience for games on the PC. A game I definitely wanted to finish but dreaded playing because it actually makes you anxious.
,Recommended,414340,34156195,Posted: 10 August,all,Mara Sov,"Reasons to play this game- Fantastic story- fun gameplay- looks beautiful- This game has an overall masterful expirence, that is like no other game."
76561198090191457,Recommended,414340,34156034,Posted: 10 August,all,A slightly disappointed salad,I fought a firegiant and a god of illusion... i went through a maze with my magical focus... but when i made it i saw my home. I went inside and started this game. It is really good.     10/10 would suck some d**k for the 30 bucks again
,Recommended,414340,34155904,Posted: 10 August,all,Paul Allen's card,10/10 would go through the world with psychosis waifu again
,Recommended,414340,34156089,Posted: 10 August,all,TearinItUpSon,"This game is amazing.-Sound design is 11/10 (I had goosebumps for the 1st 30 mins).-Graphics are gorgeous.-Progression feels natural as you get better (no hand holding or on screen prompts).-Some have said the combat is lackluster and while I agree there are no fancy skills or RPG type system it compels you to get better. I won't spoil the reason why here but I promise you I was urged to learn how to block and combo and it is satisfying to swing Senua's sword.-Puzzles rely a lot on memory and matching, won't say much more but this is one of the weaker areas in the game. Because its a story focused game I wouldn't ding them here but some of the on screen effects added an element that, when not explained, might seem out of place.All in all this is a fantastic experience for the price point and if you are a fan of swordplay, puzzles, story and especially sound design you should check this out. I have a $150 pair of headphones so if the audio isn't mind blowing you might need a new pair of cans."
,Recommended,414340,34155919,Posted: 10 August,all,Duggers,"Just finished the game. Thought it was absolutely fantastic, the whole way through and that ending, beautiful."
,Recommended,414340,34160587,Posted: 10 August,all,Madam President,"A great game, was not disappointed with the story in the least, also props to Ninja Theory for their approach to this."
76561198292762429,Recommended,414340,34160306,Posted: 10 August,all,Phixins,"There are too many ways to describe how incredible this game is. The combat, story, lore, character developement. So spot on to how I enjoy things. On top of how well they seemed to depict phychosis and how much that effects the entire game throughout. If you play this, put yourself in Senua's place to really immerse yourself and I promise you will thoroughly enjoy it. This game really shines a light on mental health awareness and how it can effect an individual, and I apprectiate Ninja Theory so much for putting in the time and effort in making this game as amazing as it is.The only thing I'm bothered by is what seems to be optimization issues? Some areas dropped below 30fps and wouldn't improve even if I went down to low settings at 720p."
76561197969555320,Recommended,414340,34160233,Posted: 10 August,all,totty,This game is crazy. You should play it.
,Recommended,414340,34160237,Posted: 10 August,all,chibbbaaa,"Firstly, this game has my support simply because it is excellent quality, single player, story driven and reasonably priced (for a new release). I bought on that alone.It is quite obvious that this was a labour of love for the devs. They did a lot of research and put lot of care in this project and it shows.Overall my only complaint is that at times the pace was a bit slow. The combat was fun and it felt like a lot was at stake for each enounter."
76561198049391715,Recommended,414340,34158427,Posted: 10 August,all,Charlie Chodweld,"I dont usally recommend or review games. But if you have £25 to spare, get this game. On a visual and sound standpoint its breathtaking, as well as having a character driven story, which are always lacking in modern AAA games. The fighting mechanics may be repetitive at times, but paired with great soundtrack and the 'perma-death' system, the combat keeps you on your toes.8.5/10"
,Recommended,414340,34157990,Posted: 10 August,all,Tempest,"This game has been in my most desired to play for... a long time. I followed the diaries, and finally I got to play it. THIS IS THE BEST GAME I'VE PLAYED IN YEARS. I love Senua's story, I love the combat, the environment... I just couldn't be more happy to have this game in existence. Bravo. More female warriors with stories that allow us to actual human beings, worthy of a story of this grade. Thank you, Ninja Theory."
,Recommended,414340,34158445,Posted: 10 August,all,MrSoggyPants,Absolutely loving it so far. One of the most atmospheric games I’ve ever played. Everything about it is amazing.
76561198130053901,Recommended,414340,34158080,Posted: 10 August,all,Jesus Christ,"Great game! if you enjoy and appreciate creativity and uniqueness in a video game, sided with a good story, you will definately enjoy this game."
76561198039594869,Recommended,414340,34158582,Posted: 10 August,all,Beast,simply AMAZING !the only cons i saw:lacks Combat move varietyunable to run fasterthough what it lacks in combat variety ... it shines in story and ideas ...been a while since i had a load of fun with a mind blowing concept
76561198087282028,Recommended,414340,34159981,Posted: 10 August,all,lastsonof7,The presentation in this game is unmatched. Feels very unpredictable and I'm honestly on edge with it so far. Not much of a review but this is definitely cutting edge for storytelling.
76561198019984245,Recommended,414340,34155848,Posted: 10 August,all,><,"The complete schizophrenia simulator. Fighting, riddles, singing vikings from Valhalla, stories about Ragnarok, horror and the really great story are included. It's just 8 hours of gameplay but it's worth it!"
,Recommended,414340,34157091,Posted: 10 August,all,AethGorr,"I'm really impressed. Not often i have an opportunity to withess such a diamond. Story. Narrative. Atmosphere of tainted love, endless despair, iron will and feeluing of imminent destruction. Visual style. Sound. I can't remember such a detailed whispers and breathing, for example. Awesome celtic and viking style, quite modified, but still awesome. Eyes of protagonist. Her face not of those type, that gets you horny or excited from the first glance like from those s3x-bombs from another games, but after few minutes you merge with it and think that it's perfect, not least thanks to facial expressions and lively, bright eyes. I hardly can remember a game that gave me such a level of immersion for the last few years. RTSs, RPGs, FPSs or MMOs can be interesting and many of them are interesting for me but they're from another layer with another emotions.An unpleasant discovery for me was absence of mouse sensitivity (only through file-digging) and presence of negative mouse acceleration. But with gamepad all is ok."
76561198004910813,Recommended,414340,34156986,Posted: 10 August,all,MrCharby,This game is worth it for the experience alone of Senua's mind but the combat is really fun too ! I highly recommend.
76561197998927831,Recommended,414340,34156993,Posted: 10 August,all,Khatami,OUTSTANDING Game.Just finished it. The Story is amazing...and confusing at some point BUTif you recall all the research and deeper meaning from the devs. its prettyamazing what they did here.10/10.A Game to remember. Truly.
76561198033299650,Recommended,414340,34156453,Posted: 10 August,all,[ǝɯıʇ-ʍΘЧs]Scorpy,Finished the game in a day which was sad hope there were more time to play. liked the dynamics of the game something really new and out of ordinary. I had the chance to feel those psycho people what they go throw. Voices can be annoying sometimes and demotivate you which was funny .. over all experience was good graphics was amazing. combat mechanics kinda need to adopt since there is a gap when hitting and dodging. hate the fact you need to walk a lot for a simple puzzle rather than eazy task.  3.5/5 i would give it
76561198108365688,Recommended,414340,34157489,Posted: 10 August,all,N7_silverse,"This is not what I expected from first glance. It is short, linear, and the combat seems mediocre. But the rest have made this game more than interesting and engaging. It has the greatest (yes, the greatest) atmospheric sound effect with a headphone. The graphics also oushine thanks to UE4. The story, narrative, and the approach to psychosis also engage my mind. This may not be a perfect game for everyone, but it is quite a success in an attempt for unorthodox and stylish gaming, and easily one of my favorites for a while."
,Recommended,414340,34157044,Posted: 10 August,all,shtefoon,really good but not for everyone. its all on rails but the story kept me going. damn
76561198006668268,Recommended,414340,34198659,Posted: 12 August,all,Arshin,.
,Recommended,414340,34199282,Posted: 12 August,all,Conger,"An experience you need to try.Be it for the story or for a greater understanding of mental health, the detail and commitment they put in for people suffering from said issue is outstanding in its own right."
76561197972879693,Recommended,414340,34199652,Posted: 12 August,all,The_great_fish,I at the time of this posting have not exactly completed the game reason i wanted to post this review is for a few good reasons. I had to stop playing after only 40 mins due to my heart pounding out of my chest this was not a bad thing.The way the story rolls is amazing almost in every sense breaking the fourth wall but in such a way sucks you into the darkness of a unadjusted mind. The combat was at first hard to understand as it throws you right in with no idea on any controls or even how to block no tutorial just action. I loved this it was only through the options screen was i even able to hold my own the time i stopped playing was when i died the first time im not going to give away why but the way that senua comes back is in my books astounding.would i recomend this game after only playing 40 mins of it your dam right i would very much buy this game.
,Recommended,414340,34194443,Posted: 12 August,all,kinesivan,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009713330,Recommended,414340,34199381,Posted: 12 August,all,AClumsySheep,"It is a game unlike any you will likely have played, or will play in the near future. lore rich dark fantasy yes, but it is, oh so much deeper. makes you feel uneasy, makes you feel unable to put down the controller / KB&M for all the right reasons. That being said, some aspects (combat, hm.) slows it down a tad, but not enough to stop this from being awesome. can't wait to finish it"
,Recommended,414340,34195754,Posted: 12 August,all,R4zerw4rs,"Awesome experience, mediocre gameFor this review for Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice I decided to seperate it into two parts: Theexperienceof the game which describes the depiction of Senua's psychosis, the atmosphere etc. and thegameitself, speaking of the fights and the things you actually do in the game.The experienceHellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a very awesome game to experience. It starts with the binaural sound which depicts various voices that Senua hears. I'm one of those people which think that sound design is as important as the game's graphics or even more necessary as I think that sound it more relevant in terms of immersion than graphics. In the game you are always accompanied by different voices that either help you or wish you the best luck of dying. These voices in combination of the other sounds (ambient sound, enemies) create a really tense atmosphere which was really awesome to experience.However the game does not stop there: The setting itself is really well portrayed. There are not that many games out there which are able to create a ""vikingish"" setting as well as Hellblade. The architecture, the folklore and the surroundings are on point. It is really interesting to walk through the world of Hellbade as the setting feels very fresh. There are some runestones scattered across the game which tells you about the folklore, but you do not have to listen to them to feel how much research has gone in constructing a believable world in Hellblade.Of course one of the main points in Hellblade is the portrayal of Senua's psychosis.At this point I will abstain from describing anything about it as the game is short enough to experience everything yourself (I've beaten the game in 6 hours). The psychosis is expressed in various ways and is a very fascinating element to experience for youself as far as I can say. You can look forward to it for sure!There are most probably thousand other aspects of the game (like the character of Senua) that contribute to the experience of Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, but let's get to the ""game part"" of the game.The gameIn my opinion the game itself can be described as mediocre game as the gameplay itself consists largely of walking around and solving rather undemanding puzzles with occasionally fighting. Most of the time you play the game you will find youself running around trying to reach some kind of goal where you maybe fight against 5 or 7 enemies just to keep on running around the world doing the same again. If I would need to state a percentage I would assume that you only fight for 35% of the game while you run around the rest of the time.The fights however are very fun to play especially when fighting more difficult enemies. But that decreases the longer you play as the combat system is not very sophisticated. You basically button smash your enemies to death more than fighting with a strategy or something like that. You get only one special ability for fighting which makes the fightes a bit more demanding as new enemies are thrown at you, but altogether Hellblade is definitely not about combat.One of the things in Hellblade I reallyhatedwas the search for runes in the environment. There are many doors in the game which need some kind of key to open. Those keys are not found in any treasure but are scattered in the environment as a little puzzle. If you have to search for a ""X"" rune for example, you will find it maybe by aligning two trees so they look like a ""X"". This is fun for the first 3 or 4 times you do that, but every time I saw another door inscribed with runes I really just wanted to close the game. This is by the way also the worst thing in the whole game if you ask me. At a certain point in the game is just felt unnecessary as most of those puzzles don't contribute to the story.ConclusionThere are many more aspects of the game which are left out in this review, but that would take way too long to mention them all. At last, I am very glad that I bought Hellblade as I was hyped for it a long time. TheexperienceI had with this game was simply awesome even though I would have liked it being more combat focused. In general I was a bit disappointed that the game was not as combat focused as some of the ""predecessors"" of the studio (Ninja Theory made DMC: Devil May Cry for example).I can't see myself playing Hellblade: Senuas Sacrifice again in the future as I don't want to run around solving puzzles again, but I can highly recommend the game for gamers which like to play a very atmospheric game with an awesome character in an awesome setting. This game is one of those games which you should have played at least once in my opinion.And pls give Ninja Theory your money. They deserved it :DThat was my review for the game. This is of course only my personal humble opinion!"
76561198121334224,Recommended,414340,34196754,Posted: 12 August,all,jakerussell17,"This game is a 9.5 out of 10 for me. I mostly stick to really old games: Nintendo 64 & Magic: The Gathering. However the trailer got me hooked from the voice acting and viking influenced lore. I bought a playstation 4 just to play this game. PLAY WEARING HEADPHONES, trust me you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't.Be wary this game is INTENSE and can be scary AF. The only complaint is that the puzzles are too long your first time through. Game time cut in half on the second play through."
76561198260973605,Recommended,414340,34191888,Posted: 12 August,all,I M B E C I L,"A gorgeous, brutal, terrifying, and unforgiving journey into the heart of Viking Hell. The combat, while quite basic, is incredibly satisfying and easy to use. Boss battles also add add a huge variety to gameplay."
76561198111516829,Recommended,414340,34193904,Posted: 12 August,all,DrHaPa,One of the best games I`ve ever played. Played through it in 3 days and it was awesome. Everything just adds up to it`s appeal. The fights are fun and require some strategie. There are not too many but enough to have some fun with it. The atmosphere is magic and awesome and scary at the same time. You`ll never know what`ll happen next to Senua or rather you since it`s so easy to identify with her. The story line is so interesting and I am sad that I missed some of it. I wish there was a function to be able to listen to all the stories at the end. The riddles are very nice too. Sometimes easy sometimes really hard to find.To conclude I can only say I loved the idea of this game and the game itself.I`d recommend it to everyone who is slightly interested in an atmospheric game with a new topic which they handled perfectly. Discret but catching and fascinating and scary.Play it now instead of reading this recommendation.
,Recommended,414340,34195333,Posted: 12 August,all,Kane,"I am yet to complete this game but these are my thoughts. The atmosphere is fantastic. If you are looking for an atmospheric game here it is. This is a true descent into madness and playing this with headphones is both freaky and haunting as well as totally awesome... you want immersive? you can't get more immersive than this. The narrative and the lore are awesome.The bad: the riddles get tedios really fast and the fights are super repetitive. Since the game doesn't give any guidance (well except for the voices in your head, haha) it might get frustrating when rules (or controls) change. General scenario: see a door. fight a group of the same mobs.solve a puzzle,open the door. next door.Verdict: seeing as its very short I'm willing to see it through for the narrative and the awesome madness immersion. Seriously get your headphones and play in the dark alone"
,Recommended,414340,34195353,Posted: 12 August,all,DACE,"It says only 4.3 hours because i played about half the game when my internet was out so it didn't record playtime.For quite some time i've gotten bored with videogames in general, never felt excited for a new game coming out, but when I heard about this game I instantly fell in love, and after finishing it I just feel like recommending it to everyone I know.For the first time in many months I finally enjoyed a videogame again."
76561198016475884,Recommended,414340,34263752,Posted: 15 August,all,Rodrick Linr,"This is my first Steam review. I never write reviews and will probably continue not to write reviews.However, I'll make an exception for this one.This game is amazing. I literally alt+tabbed during gameplay to check how much I had payed for this game, becaused I couldn't believe this was only 30 bucks. I'm not even joking or exagerating.If this doesn't make game of the year, I don't... I don't even... how?Buy it."
76561198001962852,Recommended,414340,34268404,Posted: 15 August,all,Girthwyrm Jim,This game is amazing! I wish it was longer though but it looked very beautiful in 4k and was very fun and challenging at times.
76561198006576652,Recommended,414340,34268769,Posted: 15 August,all,godztiger,"In short, AMAZING experience, a Masterpiece, expected nothing less from Ninja Theory."
,Recommended,414340,34266264,Posted: 15 August,all,Skittles,"I dont ever leave reviews im certain there is some way through steam to check that, but this game... though over relatively quickly was non stop amazing pushing the boundaries every chance it had... it was a spectacular game... I felt so many emotions all the way up until the end.. I'm not sure this was a game more than some type of interactive art... it pushes the level of story telling well beyond what some triple A titles would shove down your throat for 60 dollars and it was all of 30 bucks.. if you're on the fence about it... get it thats all there is to say you'll honest to god find yourself talking to the voices in your head.."
,Recommended,414340,34266399,Posted: 15 August,all,Ercan Keskin TR,An Amazing game i love ninja theory they are always doing amazing games.This one was a bit like a movie with some  interactions but definitely in a goood way. Keep up the good work.I'll play it at least five times :D
76561198092654151,Recommended,414340,34269007,Posted: 15 August,all,RavenLee,Hellblade isnt just a game.. Its an experience!Combat is really enjoyable and fairly challenging too.Im not sure if ive ever played a game quite like this before.10/10
76561198411673728,Recommended,414340,34262603,Posted: 15 August,all,garou8866,Awesome !!! Must play !!! 15h 38min total game time for me :)
,Recommended,414340,34261949,Posted: 15 August,all,GrumpyWizard,One of the best games i've played so far!It hooks you up! Everyone must play this game!
76561197992198951,Recommended,414340,34263448,Posted: 15 August,all,fwthurston,"Hellblade:Senua's Sacrifice is a special kind of beast.For one, gameplay is lacking. There are long stretches were you just walk around, there's basically one kind of puzzle and combat is, except for one encounter, very repetitive and limited. Also, it is way to short.These two factors will probably keep the game from becoming the widely recognized classic it deserves to be, which is a shame.If you manage to immerse yourself in Hellblade, you're in for one of the most intense and unsettling experiences gaming has to offer. The mind of Senua is awash with demons, and Ninja Theory presents them masterfully. The one kind of puzzle in the game? It all revolves around perspective and perception, about finding the right angle to see the world. Combat? Mostly revolves around gaining focus, so Senua can clearly see her enemy instead of stumbling around, trying not to be overwhelmed. And walking around? That's when you get a tour of Senuas mind, guided by the many voices constantly prattling in her head, helpful, comforting, deriding, condescending, accusing.And here is what I think to be the greatest trick of the game: the voices. They adress not only Senua, but the player as well, creating another persona and thus preventing a strong identification of the player with the character. The player is someone who seems to follow her around, guides her and can also hear her hallucinations. Basically I, who sit in front of the screen, am part of Senuas psychosis, one of the voices. And that, in the words of the Doctor, is absolutely brilliant. I started the game weirded out and a bit annoyed by the voices. About an hour in the game I was feeling tense and uneasy whenever they stopped.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is required playing for everyone who can immerse him/herself in atmosphere and story and who has even a passing interest is psychological horror and/or norse mythology. Stay away if you think story is just something keeping you from your next kill."
76561198025936725,Recommended,414340,34263325,Posted: 15 August,all,Cami,Hellblade it's an mind blowing wonderful experience.
,Recommended,414340,34266000,Posted: 15 August,all,Lady Illyria,"I stumbled upon this game completely by accident and was instantly intrigued and instantly hooked when i started playing. I don't tend to write review but I honestly can't stop singing this games praises and recommending it to people.The world is beautiful - and terrifying - and the story is engaging.Without giving too much away if you are a fan of mythology and history you will enjoy the tale this game has to tell.I enjoyed the puzzles, they are a bit repetative but that doesn't bother me much.The combat is fairly easy and simple which i don't think is a bad thing as this is not what the game revolves around.I didn't have any frame rate issues playing on highest settings, no freezing etc.The gameplay was smooth and bug free (apart from one floating torch lol).Their portayal of mental illness is very realistic and eye opening - watch the special feature after completing if you are interested in hearing more.Headphones is a must! I played half with iphone headphones as my gaming headset was broken and the sound was good but I did invest in a new headset and completed the game with a Steel Series and it did the game alot more justice.I would recommend giving this game a go, don't read too much into it before as you may spoil the story for yourself.Enjoy Senua's Journey and her story."
76561198024247601,Recommended,414340,34266165,Posted: 15 August,all,Itasia,Amazing journey
,Recommended,414340,34267363,Posted: 15 August,all,Mattii,"This is my first review, i will keep it short.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is truly submersive and phenomenal. A master piece in terms of story telling. The writing is golden. The developers did an amazing job in drawing the audience's attention into Senua's thoughts, showing what it is like to be in her world. The combat is fairly simple, but i don't really think it's a big issue considering how amazing the story is anyway. Was a really great experience, i highly recommend you to try out this game.Story- PerfectionVisuals- BeautifulCombat- Simple, but yet satisfying"
76561197961176997,Recommended,414340,34267267,Posted: 15 August,all,DevOverkill,"This game falls in to a very small category of games that'll stick with me long after they're over. Games like Spec Ops: The Line and SOMA and now Hellblade. The story of Senua is one of mental anguish and tells the journey of a young Celtic woman who is plague by psychosis and who is on a vision quest to save the one she loves. It is a haunting, personal tragedy that is expertly told and realized in one of the most beautiful games I've played in quite some time.A lot of people are complaining about the combat being too simplistic and while I agree that it is a simplistic system compared to Ninja Theory's past games it serves this one just fine. This is not a game that puts combat first and I'm glad it doesn't: the story deserves center stage. For people who enjoy narratives that deal with complex issues and are told in a very mature, non-sterotypical fashion then I very much reccommend Hellblade."
76561198158399241,Recommended,414340,34276864,Posted: 16 August,all,Wächter,"It can be game of the year. Amazing soundtracks, fight mechanics, good story, and of course graphics."
76561197961569797,Recommended,414340,34280034,Posted: 16 August,all,Valravn,"I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys a quality linear narrative. It took me 7 hours to complete and started a second play through on hard difficulty. The graphics are nice, but performance takes a hit occasionally. I experienced a few bugs, but none were game breaking. Play with headphones. It is not a game for everyone, but no game is.PC Specs: i5-7600k and gtx 1060 6gb 16 gb RAM"
,Recommended,414340,34281469,Posted: 16 August,all,Foxnos,"An amazing experienceTop notch acting and graphics coupled with a dramatic, engaging story and exploration of the psychotic mental state.This is not a combat oriented game.Headset is a must when playing.9.5/10"
,Recommended,414340,34281505,Posted: 16 August,all,Ex0,A real masterpiece of story telling and dealing with mental illness. Go get a copy and DON'T PLAY WITHOUT HEADPHONES!
76561198195541728,Recommended,414340,34313530,Posted: 17 August,all,mclovinkjf,This game was amazing. It had the graphics of a Triple A title but the heart and dedication of a smaller indi project. The puzzles and game mechanics were pretty inventive. I also appreciate the mental health awareness in this game without it beating it over your head.11/10 would bang again
,Recommended,414340,34315114,Posted: 17 August,all,Brocket,"Really enjoyed the beauty, challenging combat and story of this game."
76561197981425221,Recommended,414340,34400092,Posted: 21 August,all,franticx187,"My brother bought this game for his PS4 and we beat it, bought it on steam to replay it on my own time. This game is absolutely fantastic. Amazing performances by the voice actors, 10/10 will replay multiple times."
76561198283484628,Recommended,414340,34400285,Posted: 21 August,all,MaggotKing18,I have never played a game that had such a strong story and immersive atmosphere. I could not for the life of me put this game down when i started playing it.For $30 you get MORE then your moneys worth imho. This is a game i will be playing over and over again.
,Recommended,414340,34401150,Posted: 21 August,all,Sneaky Beaky Bacon,"This game is a story and atmosphere heavy walking simulator mixed up with puzzle and combat segments. Besides tackling mental health as a subject matter the game tries (and as far as I can tell succedes) to imitate symptomes of psychosis through audio and visuals - and hits a homerun on all borders.However, besides an intriguing, likeable and well written lead and a interesting world, the game stumbles on some of it's basic mechanics. Combat is simple but functional, repeats itself due to a lack of enemies. The last two hours are just a boring wave survival that is hampered by the soulslike lock on camera and the heavy zoom on the character model.Puzzles get the job done but never manage to amaze and in the end kinda bore your way through the game since it is always just walking to point A, do B and then C opens - over and over again.Overall I still recommend this game, if the theme and one story heavy character can carry a game for you. If you are a purely/mostls mechanicly driven player, this won't make you happy as it has zero replay value and mechanics are not in depth enough to spent time learning anything.Still, I applaud the devs for their vision, the fantastic audio and motion capture work as well as the very atmosphereic music. I do hope to see more unique projects from them - but please put more work in the core mechanics and the  enemy design/number."
,Recommended,414340,34401163,Posted: 21 August,all,TheMightyDAMO,"This is probably my favourite game I've played all year, so far. Story is interesting and engaging, pacing is good, perhaps a little short but I never felt like it was dragging or padding the run time. Combat is simple but rewarding, there really isn't much to it but every hit has impact and the fights will leave you feeling like you've acomplished something with almost every encounter, thanks mostly to the fantasitic music. The gameplay is quite unique, the sound design is superb and the audio drives it just as much as the visuals, which is a great touch. If you like a game that doesn't hold your hand with tutorials and doesn't flood the screen with distracting UI and markers this is perfect. It's short but for the price you won't find anything like this."
,Recommended,414340,34429914,Posted: 22 August,all,Varian,"HIGHLY recomend playing this game.It is MORE than just a game; it is an experience and subtlely educational about psychosis.I believe it is done honestly - this was before I completed any further research or watched the featurette.Therefore, definately watch the featurette once you finish the game. It is amazing to see what has gone into the development.Good quality headphones make it so much better too (I'm using AKG open for a wide sound stage and amazing sound that make the most of the developer's efforts and game experience and atmosphere.The graphics greatly enhance the atmosphere and 'visions' also.  It is worth setting it up to get as much out of the game and unreal 4 engine as you can.  I ran ultrawide 2560 x 1080 on an AMD Radeon R9 390 with everything on max and found it worthwhile.I do hope to see more - 'another story to tell'...P.S. The true ending secret cutscene earnt by activating all the Lorestones confirmed my theory of... (no spoiler!)"
76561198064459196,Recommended,414340,34438212,Posted: 23 August,all,BT7220,I highly recommended this game!
,Recommended,414340,34408347,Posted: 21 August,all,Dr Neeley,"More of a walking simulator or high fidelity visual novel, but I think its well worth the price for 7 solid hours of intense story in an excellently imagined world.  If I learned anything, its that Norse mythology is bleak; very bleak."
76561198024730123,Recommended,414340,34408619,Posted: 21 August,all,Shuzzam,Seriously one of the greatest tear jerker stories in awhile.
,Recommended,414340,34409438,Posted: 21 August,all,Taco,"Guys... Imma need you to sit down and hear a tale... This is by far one of the best games I've ever played...I've never felt so much emotional connection to a character (Aside from the last of us, I mean come on)The Dev's did such an amazing job on this game, the atmosphere, the story, THE SOUND (HOLY SH*T THE SOUND)One of the best games to grace my steam library and will be recommending it to people far and wide.OverallCombat: 7/10 More of a refresher to remind you you're still playing a video game (still not bad)Atmosphere: 11/10 I've never seen a game world created so wellStory: The best I've laid my eyes upon TENOUTA/TENSeriously, thank you Ninja Theory for creating this masterpiece. <3"
76561198062424020,Recommended,414340,34410359,Posted: 22 August,all,charming,"it will leave you shaking... yea, its that good. immersive af."
,Recommended,414340,34379789,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr. Berko,Simply a masterpiece in every department.
,Recommended,414340,34407834,Posted: 21 August,all,Savage Sloth,"Hellblade is what we need more of in the video games.Thick, amazing story plot.Deep and complex characters.Stunning graphics.A great soundtrack that completely fits the tone and emotion of the story.Strong female protagonist.I absolutely loved this game and would recommend it to literally everyone.Spend the $30 and live what an amazing experience this game is."
76561198205522160,Recommended,414340,34407817,Posted: 21 August,all,Heavy_Metal_Harry,Hellblade is easily worth both the money and time. It is a fantastic looking game with a beautiful and sad story about loss and insanty. Buy it and support studios attempting to make high quality games on smaller budgets. I cannot reccomend it enough.
76561198405537462,Recommended,414340,34407618,Posted: 21 August,all,LaRrYMeLoNz,Game is worth every penny. Crazy story
76561198016001356,Recommended,414340,34407044,Posted: 21 August,all,Tundarstawrm,Everyone should play this.
,Recommended,414340,34409580,Posted: 21 August,all,michael,"This game is somethingnew. Ninja Theory has shown what they can do on their own, and it's a sight to see. Very unlike what modern game industry spews out, while remaining true to classic gaming principles. Graphics, art, combat, sound - all is superb, inventive in many ways, but most importantly driven by an idea, and that idea breathes meaning into every piece. There is no commercialism or ""let's make money"" attitude, but nor it's ideologically in opposition to the industry, which makes it a truly independent artistic creation - with high production quality. Very clever, very talented, very strong. I'd call it a masterpiece, if it wasn't such a cliché. Bravo to Tameem and his team."
76561198033815124,Recommended,414340,34415006,Posted: 22 August,all,alienbat,"Is it a good gameIt's a good gameShe can play through ithahahaNo she can'tShe's gonna lose itSheee looost itNo reviewsA good review! A good review!She can't, it's not good enoughYes she canReview it! Review it!Nineeeeeee out of teeeeeeenShh!"
,Recommended,414340,34358917,Posted: 19 August,all,Ratchet100MX,"Might not be a game you'll be playing for years, but chances are you'll remember the experience for your entire life"
76561198009035992,Recommended,414340,34416643,Posted: 22 August,all,jzhoriin,"Great story, amazing atmosphere...10/10 would descend thru Hel again!"
,Recommended,414340,34202097,Posted: 12 August,all,RIC_EVIL,"A work of art, from start to finish. Such a beautiful looking game the combat, story, voice acting everything is finished to the highest of quality. It is an essential must play for anyone, you will not regret purchasing this game."
,Recommended,414340,34201808,Posted: 12 August,all,Catninja,I hardly ever write reviews but this game really captivated me.Please for the love of Odin play this game.
76561198040216294,Recommended,414340,34201898,Posted: 12 August,all,WeeblBull,"Hellblade casts you in the Nordic age as Senua, slowly paddling a makeshift log raft to an island where she vows to save her lover, Dillion's soul. With no preamble to sit through, Hellblade's story is delivered to you gradually as you play. Senua hears voices in her head and consequently so do you as the player. Whispering from one ear to the other, giving you encouragement one moment then scorn and hate in the next, Senua suffers from psychosis and sees and hears the world differently to everyone else. Her own mind serves as an enemy not only with the voices, but the flashbacks, the torture and guilt that has been foisted upon her all her life. Yet here she is, on an island with just the one purpose. You don't know exactly how she's going to achieve that but she is on the path and committed to fight any demons, metaphorical or physical that stand in her way.Hellblade is developed by Ninja Theory, who made Enslaved, Heavenly Sword and the Devil May Cry reboot, DMC. This game is one of the torchbearers in an era where a (now) indie developer such as Ninja Theory can create games with true triple-A production values and on the evidence of this, the future is bright indeed. Ninja Theory first showed it's tech for Hellblade at E3 a couple of years ago, when it did a realtime demonstration of body and facial motion capture using a live actress. I was exceedingly impressed at the time but since I didn't follow the game and I heard about its imminent release at a lower price point, I assumed it was going to be a pretty but skin deep hack and slash. How wrong I was. Hellblade does contain both z-locked hack and slash fighting and puzzle elements but don't let that dissuade you - the game runs so much deeper than you may initially give it credit for. Ninja Theory gained understanding of psychosis by talking to people living with the condition in addition to experts. The actress, whilst actually a video director that works for Ninja Theory, is not trained yet she pulls out an incredibly emotional performance throughout, not only vocally but facially and physically - remember, everything is motion captured. And how stunning the facial motion capture is - it easily has to be the most impressive recreation of human expression that I've ever seen in a game. Scenes are not lit and do not behave statically in a way that you're accustomed to. As Senua's emotions change so does the light and the shadow, fading to black and leaving you with her wrestling with her conscious, before bringing you into the same scene looking radically different, or another place entirely. Forget the boundaries that video games have been pushing and think instead of Hollywood boundaries getting pushed here.As you might imagine, the game is very dark and playing it is more an tortured experience than an enjoyable one. But throughout you feel as though below the mechanics of the game itself, is something you haven't seen before and are excited to witness and interact with. Fighting in the game may be one of the weaker areas; typically you face off against up to three opponents and are locked onto one at a time. Movements are slow and your blade feels as though it has a great deal of weight behind it. You dodge and can trigger slow motion which is typical video game fare, yet the dark becomes a light kaleidoscope of shining metal and ultraviolence. It is easy to become flanked by multiple enemies, however the voices in your head to come to your assistance at least in this instance, warning you to dodge before an impending attack from the rear. Which is just as well because you don't want to die too much in Hellblade. Senua becomes infected with rot in her right arm which spreads every time you die. If it reaches your head the game deletes your save and you must begin the quest again. Whilst that might sound like a deal-breaking concept for a game that takes 8 hours to complete, the difficulty of the game ensures that providing you are sensible in combat, you won't see the rot spread too often.Overall, although the game does have some minor deficiencies in terms of combat, when viewed as a complete body of work I see it as somewhat of a masterpiece. If you can't play it now add it to a wishlist, it may well be game of this year or frankly whichever year you get to play it in."
,Recommended,414340,34201910,Posted: 12 August,all,waffles,"My recommendation for this game is a ""yes, but"" deal. I really enjoyed it, it's on my short list of games I've completed, but it is not for everyone. Don't go into it expecting an open world or a hack and slash action game. Hellblade is more about being an experience than it is a game. If that doesn't sound fun to you then there's a good chance you won't enjoy Hellblade.+10/10 soundtrack - headphones are a MUST+10/10 graphics+Best use of motion capture I've ever seen+Gripping story and direction - the amout of time they spent researching psychosis is clear+/-Combat is basic yet satisfying, especially later in the game-Puzzles can be a bit tedious-Little replay value"
,Recommended,414340,34201958,Posted: 12 August,all,LtAdams2247,"This ain't a game, it's a work of art!Shows you a different world - and I don't mean celtic myth, we all seen that before.Looks beatiful, i had no hickups on a gtx 980, no bugs to take you out of what is a remarkable story. There's puzzle solving of the do it yourself kind (not the ""check a guide for the 17th time"" kind), some stealthy bits and easy to learn, difficult to master type combat. And all of the gameplay features seamlessly serve the storytelling and the atmosphere. And that's what the game is really all about. It's extraordinary story, a main character that you feel for and an atmosphere bleak and dark with a single ray of light just bright enough to keep you going.Bravo. Bravo to the actors, the writers, the designers, composers and consultants. You have created an experience that once more proves video games to be an artform that deserves recognition as such."
76561198019170803,Recommended,414340,34200469,Posted: 12 August,all,lolz.,"Great game.Took me almost nine hours to complete it at a regular pace.The view while in battle was a bit weird in the start but you get used to it as you play.Personally I didn't get bored by the plot,found it interesting..Only negative for me is the you can't have multiple saves.Price could be a little lower like 20-25 but it will probably drop.."
76561198069472583,Recommended,414340,34199744,Posted: 12 August,all,The Last Warden,"I feel like the development team behind this game has gone places that noone else has ever devoted to going. They have set a milestone into a reality that can only be determined by their own determination and they have delivered a outstanding product here! The amount of atmosphere and feel in this game is almost breathtaking.  If you really emerge yourself into the character and feel what she is feeling you are doing this game the right way. Understand what she is doing, how real everything to her is. Keep an open mind feel how she is feeling and you will come to understand and love this game. I have conquered her darkness, can you?I give this game a 10/10 for the developers courage, accuracy and most of all total outcome of this astounding game. Make more like this. Grow from this as everyone who has played and conquered the story and go above and beyond!"
,Recommended,414340,34179377,Posted: 11 August,all,Qloshae,"Not going to draw this review out.Perma-deathSomething that makes a lot of people feel put off, I sure was when I found out, however it is nothing to worry about.It's a bluff, I have found 0 evidence of anyone actually having their save deletedAlright, now that we got that out of the way, this is an amazing game. It has a well made story and immersion, great art, great sound, the animations are done in mocap ie. they're really good, the combat feels great. I was skeptical because it's not my usual genre, it feels a bit like dark souls, but I totally loved it."
76561198272516125,Recommended,414340,34198762,Posted: 12 August,all,TheIraqiMaestro,"Good gameplay, nice storyline and good sound design. For $30 you cant go wrong."
76561198373984781,Recommended,414340,34199199,Posted: 12 August,all,mithrillionlol,"Nice! Game and Good story line. I really liked the graphics! I would have liked it if more combos where possible with the sword. The game is beautiful designed. I finished it in exactly 9.5hours, I hope more games like this one will follow. Only bad thing was the ending was a little bit difficult mind♥♥♥♥ and hard to understand."
,Recommended,414340,34199009,Posted: 12 August,all,Drakorex,"This game was fantastic. This is one of the only games where I actually felt like I was the character, the audio really brings you into the game and the visuals are amazing as well. I enjoyed the puzzles although there probably are a few too many of the same type, each are solved a bit differently so It isnt terrible. The combat was very interresting. Many people have said that it is terrible and too simplistic but I think that it is just right. You dont have to worry about items and gear, there arent a ton of buttons and abilities to memorize and it is still a bit challenging and intense."
,Recommended,414340,34198444,Posted: 12 August,all,Soganatsu,"StorylineUnique and engaging, I had to try and hold myself back from immersing myself into it because of how powerful it can grasp you and gives the feeling of a demonic presence.AudioThe 40/50% experience that audio makes for a game is well used and the developers really made great use of the audio in game.GraphicsMain character is beautifully made. Environment is well done although there is some higher steps that could've been taken to really make the environment graphics feel complete and masterfully done.AnimationFor the most part, animation was average, there's quite a few parts where the animations felt like they weren't tested to match the action and reaction/interaction of the animation in the scene. Motion capture is great and does produce great animations, although it has to be done correctly to make those results.Visual EffectsIt was great in some portions and bad in others, the water for example would render on top of the stones projected red+white ring unless the water was behind another object. Some effects/post-processing could've been taken back a bit from their intensity but that's not a big deal, it was still good overall.ControlsVery simple, but the range of controlling the character is minimal so it's more like an interactable visual story that you have no control over or ability to explore and actually make your own choices in.ConclusionThe game is pretty interesting and tells a really great story, although it would almost be better if it was a movie instead because the rate of progression in game is just slow enough to make you almost lose interest, also the lack of control/decision. It's not a bad game, it could use improvement, just like most other games that are still good could.It's a good purchase for $30, it's a new experience in my opinion, some more time spent on Testing the game and Qualtiy Control would make it a better visual experience but it's still a great overall experience."
76561198202779734,Recommended,414340,34198719,Posted: 12 August,all,Doug Dimmadab,Amazing
76561198049209767,Recommended,414340,34198730,Posted: 12 August,all,userfloyd,Worth the money. Story is interesting with great acting. Good variety of locations. The combat wears out its welcome by the end as do some repetitive puzzles. Still enjoyed my time with it.
,Recommended,414340,34198651,Posted: 12 August,all,Kyle Bagel,"Absolutely stunning game, the performences are amazing the sound direction is great, make sure you play with headphones for the full experience.The gameplay plays a secondary role next to the story so dont expect anything crazy here. The puzzles are simple but engaging. The combat can feel a little clunky do to the camera setup, however this is a rare occurence. The combat its self is simple yet fun, can draw on a bit when fighting standard enemies, boss fights are enjoyable but nothing to crazy.Graphics fit the game and its atmosphere. The cinematography is outstanding the way the use lighting to create hallucinations is very well done. In short its great, probably my favorite game this season so far.Also SWIM played half this game tripping balls on lsd, he highly recommends you do if you have access to it, the experience is a thousand times better."
,Recommended,414340,34238792,Posted: 14 August,all,Randro,it was a great experience
76561197986490359,Recommended,414340,34238753,Posted: 14 August,all,Mayhmster,"One of the best and most compelling games I have played in years. It's frustrating a times, but this adds to the sense of reward at the end. Its not perfect, there are some confusion points, but over all Hellblade is short enough to keep you moving and long enough to make you feel accomplished."
,Recommended,414340,34239175,Posted: 14 August,all,✪Akÿla_AG✪ | Gamdom.com,"Completed the game 7.9hrs in game""Loved the game&Dunno why ??But I think she was talking to me,When we were itrfacing each other in the game."""
76561198044641333,Recommended,414340,34237771,Posted: 14 August,all,massey.52,This game reminds me of why I go to church on Sundays.
76561198032556342,Recommended,414340,34238059,Posted: 14 August,all,andwoj99,10/10 masterpiece. Thank you Ninja Theory for letting me accompany Senua in her journey. Literally the most immersive and emotional game i have ever played.
76561198310395873,Recommended,414340,34236926,Posted: 14 August,all,baman47,YES
,Recommended,414340,34237806,Posted: 14 August,all,TheUnknownFactor,"Negatives (Small ones): Not a fan of the puzzles and not a fan of the permadeath when the corruption reaches your head (though it didn't happen to me).Positives: Price, Atmosphere, Story, Characters, Voice-acting (Binaurel makes it all even better), Audio, Visuals (Facial animations especially on another level), Combat.Absolutely worth the purchase. The price is a good match for the duration and the game's quality is incredible."
,Recommended,414340,34236734,Posted: 14 August,all,Metzo Paino,"The opening hour or so is a bit slow going and repetitive, but it blossoms into a really great game that does things i've not seen before."
,Recommended,414340,34236815,Posted: 14 August,all,boneless pizza,It's pretty good. 8/10Sometimes too much of either fighting or exploring at a time.But no something to worry about.
76561198102354663,Recommended,414340,34240766,Posted: 14 August,all,BandanaGuy,"Hellblade is first of it's kind to explore mental illness.A beautifully crafted game.I have no regrets upon pre-ordering this.The game is a combination of puzzles and combat which are fairly easy.The selling point of this game is the story, the environment and the acting.Senua was beautifully potrayed.A 10/10 for me.This game was more like an experience."
76561198029028886,Recommended,414340,34240612,Posted: 14 August,all,Warpeye,just awesome! love the gameplay and the story of Senua's journey true Hell! a must play if you love story based solo games!
,Recommended,414340,34243896,Posted: 14 August,all,WiRE,The most bang for your buck game in 2017.
,Recommended,414340,34246125,Posted: 14 August,all,Jamo Tango,Game is on the short side but the experience is definitely worth it
,Recommended,414340,34245749,Posted: 14 August,all,Sir Bangus,This game is fantastic; deifnitely a must play.
76561198069022543,Recommended,414340,34248780,Posted: 14 August,all,themarine_cena12,"Great graphics and gameplay, includes puzzle solving, great combat and mind twisting levels and sequences (best experienced with headphones, I felt like i was in the game, and it is intense beyond recognition). The gameplay might feel repetitive but it is very well done so it is isn't painful and is quite enjoyable nonetheless. The story is rich, very emotional, and the animations/voice acting is very impressive. This is a AAA game that is cheap and is on par with great 60$ games out there. This game is a must-play, amazing experience."
76561198206888277,Recommended,414340,34248937,Posted: 14 August,all,that one doosh,fan♥♥♥♥ingtastic game absolutly loved it 10/10 amazing game!!!!!!! would 100% recomend
,Recommended,414340,34250268,Posted: 14 August,all,Temptation Tan,This game is stifling in a way that makes it one of the most unique experiences of my life.
76561197976790520,Recommended,414340,34249271,Posted: 14 August,all,mindblender,"A great game.Playtime is short. I finished it with 7.5 hour.The visual is stunning.It has an interesting story and narratives.The sound with headphone is absolutely awesome.The puzzle and battle gameplays are repetitive. The developer could've made them refreshing as the game progresses by skill tree and other elements. It looks like they spent time the pychosis experience genuine, rather than making the gamplay itself more fun. It's an interesting choice, though I'm sure if that's a good thing for ""game"" as product."
76561198099477921,Recommended,414340,34249413,Posted: 14 August,all,EatYourKush,"Just finished the game and let me tell you, the story and graphics are phenomenal but the action can get a little repetitive.But all in all I rate this game 8/10 would be a 9/10 but the action got to repetitive and I found myself confused on parts where I needed to die, I mean the game says theres a perma death so why would there be occasions where I would have to just die?"
76561198016855773,Recommended,414340,34277734,Posted: 16 August,all,DirtyHarry,"It's been years that i didn't find such an enthralling game. The feeling is awesome, the story is full of vikings' mithology and pretty good. For 30 euro is a must have"
76561198007268957,Recommended,414340,34155492,Posted: 10 August,all,Fgump,♥♥♥♥ing epic
,Recommended,414340,34155379,Posted: 10 August,all,Trist,"I don't think I've been invested so much emotion and curiosity in a game in a very long time. Hellblade is a game that expects you to think, not for yourself, but to think for this random character who you truly do not know, her past, present, or future, at the start of the game. You are struck like a damn wrecking ball instantly what this character has to go through, and are faced with a reality that you MUST understand, or fail miserably.  You must accept the pre-existing afflictions that this character already goes through, and complete her journey. The world she is in, is beautiful yet dark and dreary.It's a very vague, though provoking game. You will find no definite answers. Symbolism at every nook and cranny. Yet, a underlying story that is amplified a million-fold by our character, Senua's, mental stability.-I really recommend having a headset with surround sound. This game relies upon your two sense of sight and hearing. Its truly a beautiful experience.-There are puzzles, combat, and collectibles. All of them pertain to the story with their own form of symbolism, paced at well thought of intervals, all 3 of them actually REALLY from, aside from the fact that if you're braindead playing at 3 AM (like me), you might get stuck on a puzzle or two.-The sound, visual, and level design is absolutely amazing. Everything belongs in the setting their placed. A lot of historically accurate culture design. Nothing feels off or odd.-Permadeath; Kind of. Somewhere along our story, Senua becomes inflicted with a wound that places her in the position of having to deal with situations carefully. Game saves are at risk if you make too many mistakes at ANY point in the game. I actually think this was well done.-There's a bonus video that explains the game, the history, the meaning, and the mental illness of Psychosis. It provides some amazing closure to those who finish the game.I honestly could rant on much more about how profound this game is. But I'll leave it at that, Well worth the $30 spent on it. Maybe sometime I'll do a replay of it, with all the runes discovered, to get that sweet sweet feelsgoodmans ending."
76561197992527787,Recommended,414340,34155775,Posted: 10 August,all,Gnaarf,Beneath a great and beautiful game lies an even deeper discussion of mental illness. One of my big surprises of 2017.
,Recommended,414340,34155787,Posted: 10 August,all,blaircureton,"Yes.. Just yes.. play with headphones, even better in the dark."
76561197989175368,Recommended,414340,34154937,Posted: 10 August,all,ssharky,"Fenomenal game. Very deep story, great puzzles and fun combat."
76561197960411733,Recommended,414340,34154255,Posted: 10 August,all,firee82,"This is by far one of the best Games i ever played. The Music, Sound, Atmosphere and the Main Actress Performance is amazing! Looking forward to see more from her. The Story about the Nordic Myth is also fantastic! This Game got me goosebumps on the whole Body. Give it a try. 10/10"
76561198079362883,Recommended,414340,34154268,Posted: 10 August,all,Bobalon,I loved this game from begging to end and the way it portrayed as a reality yet an illusion. Great story and love the amount of background that was put into it.
76561197970555914,Recommended,414340,34154279,Posted: 10 August,all,diesel,"A masterpiece of storytelling with cinematic quality visuals. May be too slow paced for some people’s tastes, but it would just be wrong for the game to be ‘fast paced’, it would destroy the atmosphere, or to put it another way if you can watch LOTR extended editions you should love this game.Only really two negatives, firstly serious frame rate drops in certain sections later in the game (changing all settings to low or dropping res made little or no difference)  hopefully these will get ironed out with a patch at some point.Secondly when fighting 5 or six enemies in a small space you sometimes get trapped and unable to dodge through no fault of your own, this also happened in one of the boss fights in an empty arena (possibly found the arena limit)Neither was game breaking but did break the send of immersion"
,Recommended,414340,34154315,Posted: 10 August,all,Little Z,"After playing for an hour I found myself doubting my purchase. The puzzles and combat seemed repetitive to me. Luckily it turned out the game is more or less split into different areas that have different themes of puzzles, and the combat does get more difficult and satisfying. I do recommend turning the combat difficulty up though. Basically when one type of combat or puzzle gets stale, they are already on to the next. Also, there's no filler content. Some people might see that as a negitive, but in a story driven game like this, it's better to keep the game short and the quality high.I'm not through the game yet yet, but I feel I can recommend it. I've beaten the first 2 bosses which were pretty satisfying to play against, and the story has only become more interesting as I play. Full asking price is reasonable, especially to support Ninja Theory. They are the only AAA studio I'm aware of that is willing to take creative risks on the indie scene.The closest comparison to this game would be telltale games, but with better graphics, narritive, and gameplay.  The story and acting is where this game shines, but the combat and puzzle solving are good enough to keep you engaged without breaking immersion."
,Recommended,414340,34153968,Posted: 10 August,all,Jusca,I even watch the credits
76561198000209768,Recommended,414340,34154040,Posted: 10 August,all,M0ssB3rg,"Unique story, Great combat, and vikings.. nuff said"
76561198262344192,Recommended,414340,34153586,Posted: 10 August,all,RogueVengeance,"Great game! Loved it! Different concept then what I'm used to play was refreshing! Great graphics and sound, no glitches what so ever.  Great puzzle solving with some combat. Would of liked to keep on playing the storyline for longer because I loved the game so much!"
76561198116126354,Recommended,414340,34154470,Posted: 10 August,all,nolore,"Loved it.Pros:* Excilerating combat, with nice variety of moves, and one of the most rewarding ones I've seen for timing your blocks correctly. It feels very satisfying to get right.* Great monster design, and some fantastic boss fights.* A story that not only had me hooked as it built up, but for once made me scared of actually dying.* Amazing voice acting and atmosphere combined with brilliant sound design and music. Loved the way her psychosis blends into the gameplay.* The voices in your head. Although it would be part of the point above, I feel I need to mention them again. Absolutely loved them.Cons:* The environmental puzzles in the first half of the game felt bit like filler and kind of repetitive. Granted I'm not much of a puzzle fan, so it'd be hard for me to enjoy those regardless.* The mixing of real life actor footage with the game graphics, although it doesnt happen often, didn't really work for me. Although I understand how much production costs that can save, it felt jarring and honestly hurt my immersion.* Wish there were a few more monsters to fight for more variety."
76561197970495283,Recommended,414340,34154615,Posted: 10 August,all,Knyght,"Great story, creative virtual sound design for headphones, breathtaking artwork, and a very cinematic game."
76561198042236349,Recommended,414340,34221699,Posted: 13 August,all,LadyMissfit,"pretty good. The Psychosis subject is handled damn well and adds a TON to the game. couple that with stunning visuals, a unique and simple yet thematically fitting combat system and clearly well-researched setting and you get yourself a memorable and impactful game.the only real problem with it is the Collectibles being sometimes hidden too well which can be very annoying especially as you can see if you've missed one. But all in all a very well made narrative experience and well worth a play."
76561198275128203,Recommended,414340,34221715,Posted: 13 August,all,zeddori,gud game m9
76561198253060420,Recommended,414340,34209253,Posted: 13 August,all,WooW,Amnesia and devil may cry combination.
,Recommended,414340,34209259,Posted: 13 August,all,Acquire,"Simple yet satisfying combat, interesting and varied puzzle mechanics, and above all amazing narrative and story telling.  The effects of her psychosis both aide and decieve in your quest.  It's incredibly unique.  Add to this great voice acting ,motion capture, sound design (binaural audio), and striking art design to complete the package."
,Recommended,414340,34209268,Posted: 13 August,all,bOba feet,Loved everything about the game except the puzzles. Buy it. its worth the $30
76561197970925803,Recommended,414340,34209203,Posted: 13 August,all,Dagit,I would say this game is definitely worth playing.The positive things:* Unique story and very creative* Amazing visual experience* Great audio experience* Adaptive difficultyThe negative things:* Character's run speed is a bit low* Maybe a few too many rune puzzles* Combat sometimes feels tedious instead of exciting (enemies are sponges and there are lots of them)
76561197988426473,Recommended,414340,34226710,Posted: 13 August,all,Trip6FlipYoBic,"9/10 - Best single player game I have played in a long time.The story is deep and keeps you drawn in. All of the added Norse lore is amazing!The combat was rewarding although some of the fights felt more about keeping you locked in one area more than difficulty. Sometimes when I would evade, I would get stuck in place, especially when fighting more than one enemy.The music was absolutely stunning!The psychological element of this game was phenomenal. The amount of research that Ninja Theory put into building a perfect psychosis world is amazing. They did not mess around.The worst part about this game, was the subtitles. It would either not line up, or it would say something different than the voice lines."
76561198018976619,Recommended,414340,34225783,Posted: 13 August,all,Reignbow,"This game was truely fantastic. Worth every penny, and definetly going on my 10 ten games ever."
76561198085130060,Recommended,414340,34225978,Posted: 13 August,all,Nesidolon,"One of the best sweet short games I've played in a while. Not only is the 3D audio amazing, but the story itself brings something new to the way video game stories can be told. Druth's lore stories and narration, along with the female voice narration is another well done parts in this game"
,Recommended,414340,34226065,Posted: 13 August,all,Jisanos,"It says ive only played for 4.6 hours but its because i went offline for about 6 hours and its not counting those.GET A CONTROLLER, i didnt play with keyboard but im pretty sure that will ruin your experience.If you like a GOOD story and the combat in INFINITY BLADE games then BUY THIS. Its half the price of a AAA game and still feels like a AAA game.Now DONT buy if you DONT like a GOOD story and DONT like the combat in INFINITY BLADE games.See, the people that gave the game a bad rivew have mostly played less than 2 hours so they suck at it and havent finished it and automatically call it quits. So dont listen to them.Walking simulator? Only if you only like games like call of duty or overwatch wich have fast paced combat but keep in mind this does have a semi fast paced combat its just not the focus of the game because its focus is the good story wich people seem to ignore in the game industries now days making multiplayer only games and forgetting about ""lore"".Yes when people suck at games they say it sucks, weve all been there, but those reviews shouldnt count, and we all know that.The puzzles in the game are probably the funnes ones in any game ive played in a while so no they arent repetitive or boring.If you think the combat is boring (wich is not) turn the difficulty up a notch and stop dodging all the time like a looser theres a parry option, do it right, you get rewarded right.And if you think the story is boring then go watch the emoji movie you F*cking loser.Yes its a great game 9/10 cya at the goty awards."
76561198070486283,Recommended,414340,34226431,Posted: 13 August,all,Mr.Blastoise,Ninja Theory this game is a A+!
76561198054330673,Recommended,414340,34226239,Posted: 13 August,all,Cpt. Gwyndolin,I got 12 hours from it. Its a true experience that will change your outlook on life when your done with it.
76561198101203081,Recommended,414340,34225515,Posted: 13 August,all,Zealot,"One of the most beautifully developed games I've ever played. A few repeptetive elements, but overall fantastic."
76561198202098016,Recommended,414340,34225407,Posted: 13 August,all,Zenan,"Just finished my first run of the game and thought I'd put up a few of my thoughts since I know this game might be a risky purchase for some. I will say that this game was a pleasant surprise for me, I initially had the intention of playing the game for an hour or so and, most likely, refunding it when the 3D sound aspect I had heard about lost it's charm.That plan was thrown straight out the window when I realised that I had sunk around four hours into the game without so much as glancing away from the screen to check the time, not that I cared, the experience is so mesmerising and immersive that I could not help myself but to see it through to the end in the same sitting.'Experience' is how I think the journey is best described, because though there are your typical adventure game puzzle solving and combat sections (that I will admit aren't exactly revolutionary) it isn't the focus of the narrative nor the player.The real accomplishment of this game for me is how successfuly it manages to create a satisfying and creative depiction of mental illness, more specifically Psychosis. Rather than using this as an obstacle to work a story around or a character to overcome it places the point of view of the player at the very centre of Senua's mental condition and as such gives the player an unreliable perspective for both Senua and the world around her which, without spoiling too much, is imperative to the method of storytelling in this game. Between the instability of Senua's mind set and the delibrate, limited insight the player is given to both the lore, backstory and objective, the game maintains suspense, bewilderment and, in parts, even fear of what comes next as you piece together the fragments of the whole story.I could keep gushing about the storytelling in this game but I should also mention the incredible feat the MoCap team achieved with the look of Senua which, in my opinion, is the most convincing human ever to grace the gaming world. In general, the graphical fidelity is worth commending as some of the vistas, textures and weather effects had me come to a complete halt just to take the time to soak it all in, all the while accompanied by a stellar slavic/viking style soundtrack and excellent sound design which again makes use of binaural sound.To conclude, while I don't think this game is for everyone as it can get a little dark and gloomy which might depress some people, if you are a fan of cinematic, narrative focus experiences then you owe it to yourself to check this game out."
76561198262917341,Recommended,414340,34225811,Posted: 13 August,all,mumsthwd,WOW... Good Headphones are a must! Highly recommend a dark room as well. Read all the other reviews about how great this game is. So intense at times that I have had to pause the game and walk away for a few. Totally worth the 30 bucks and I am only 6hrs in. No regrets on purchase.
76561197981272724,Recommended,414340,34225914,Posted: 13 August,all,SnoopyLives,Absolutely incredible. Saying anything other than that will spoil the experience.
,Recommended,414340,34223201,Posted: 13 August,all,Solid Snek,Good game.
,Recommended,414340,34227158,Posted: 13 August,all,The Wild Wolf #Lets Go!,"very good game i recommend  playing it, the combat it self is 10/10 not to mention the graphic  on 4k looks really good :D"
,Not Recommended,414340,34154775,Posted: 10 August,all,DeadDog,"Changing to to a negetive reveiw, the only thing this game has going for it is it's story amd graphics, which are very nice. But the useless puzzles and boring combat, mixed with the fact that if you die enough the game completely ends is a real big turn off. Don't get me wrong the game is good, its just a very mixed bag, and I the game just swings in between being really good to really bad."
76561198093324687,Recommended,414340,34226987,Posted: 13 August,all,Boyo777,"This is the first time I've ever left a review for a game, something about Senua's Sacrifice really compelled me to. Perhaps just to help process what I have just experienced.Hellblade pointed out a problem to me with the current games industry in recent years. Indies have given us many great experiences that make us think and feel and immerse us in the world of their characters. AAAs have time after time delivered us awesome gameplay that we keep coming back to again and again. Hellblade made me realise that games that deliver both are far to few and far between.The story of Hellblade is a unique work of art. It draws on the strength of games over other media to make us one with the protagonist, and in Hellblade that is not always a pleasant experience. Senua suffers from psychosis which is such an abstract concept to those that have not experienced it, it is incredible for a game to be able to recreate this and give the rest of us a glimmer of understanding as to what these people go through on a daily basis.In terms of gameplay I have been really surprised about what I have read in other negative reviews here. I found the combat beyond excellent, my favourite melee combat in any game I have ever played. I don't really care that there is only one weapon and one moveset, or that we don't level up xp to gain new super-mega-death combos. Ninja Theory managed to pull off something incredible for me here personally. And that is that that a relatively slight scottish girl can take down creatures twice her size and it feels realistic.Part of what made me fall in love with Senua's character is the sheer ferocity when she fights. The animations, sound effects and voice acting is top-notch. Every blow FEELS like Senua put every ounce of her strength and will into each strike. While combat is relatively forgiving with a second-chance system, that looming threat of perma-death gives a real intensity to the fight, particularly in some of the more challenging bosses. The panic is real when you mess up your timing a few too many times and fall several times in one encounter, the sense of peril and further immersion into your protagonist is very compelling.Speaking of bosses, I think Fenrir is my favourite boss battle of all time but it would be far to big a spoiler to tell you why!This game has made me reevaluate my top 10 all time games list. I can understand that not everyone will like it, but if you think you might I wholeheartedly encourage you to try it.P.S. A set of surround sound headphones are an absolute must for the full experience. If you don't have a set, you can buy them and this game for the price of any other new AAA game and personaly I thought I had much better time with this than most AAA games I have bought in recent years. And also then you have some nice headphones :)"
,Recommended,414340,34228224,Posted: 13 August,all,Collypso,"Absolutely amazing, if you have the patience to get through all the running around and the puzzles in the first third of the game, the rest more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,414340,34234520,Posted: 14 August,all,Gentleman Jim,"Good game for anyone who has an intrest in Norse mythology, Game play and story are amazing.Only con is that its a short game."
76561198030914921,Recommended,414340,34234523,Posted: 14 August,all,Vonmere,"First steam review with ~ 250 games in library.I could not put this game down honestly. The visuals were impressive to say the least, the story excellent, and the gameplay was good...but what made this game was the audio coupled with the spectacular acting and motion capture of the protagonist. You cant help but cheer for her and feel for her throughout the entire game.After finishing the game I had to take a break and process it all. Must buy."
,Recommended,414340,34227322,Posted: 13 August,all,MaleSensitivity,This game is special.  The kind of game that makes you proud that you have invested money in a PC.  I am about 2 hours into this game and I am looking forward to taking my time with this and beating it over the next couple of months.  I highly suggest playing through the story in small chunks - the puzzles will drive you crazy if you try to beat it all in one long sitting.
76561198063339811,Recommended,414340,34227394,Posted: 13 August,all,SudoCowdancer,"I can't decide yet where, but I believe this game sits comfortably in my top 10 ever played. BUT -- before you buy, know what you're getting into, even the devs themselves have made the point of saying this game isn't for everyone. If you're looking for a hack and slash, sorry. If you're into story-driven and more experiential or atmospheric games (closest comparison I can think of is `Life Is Strange`...) then you should get it! Additionally, your real environment matters when playing. I would highly suggest buying a good set of surround sound headphones and playing in a very dark room.Story: ""why you buy the game""This one's obvious. The Hellblade team spent a LARGE chuck of their time making this game believable and have accomplished something that no one has done: showing what it's like to face psychosis. I felt that playing the game. These experiences are backed up by real people with these disabilities and multiple doctors and businesses. I felt like I should have been terrified the whole game (I typically shy from horror) but knowing that what I was experiencing for a few hours people have to deal with for their whole life? Shoot... You should buy this game just for this experience. There's also a lot of optional content you can find around the world (runes) that explore Celtic stories. The story is 100% linear, don't expect much exploration (didn't bother me). WEAR SURROUND SOUND HEADPHONES!Combat: ""fluid, rewarding... repetitive?""Some reviewers have pointed out that this game doesn't feel like a ""game"". I get where they're coming from-- there's not a lot of ""mastery"" involved, but I did feel a sense of progression while following Senua's journey. I did die multiple times on my first run, but by then end, I felt like I knew my way around the combat system. There were things that made the combat unique that you won't find in other games. Typical advancements in difficulty translated to ""more of the same enemy"". I kind of liked how they respected combat, meaning, you automatically draw your sword when enemies are around, instead of just hacking whenever you feel like it (looking at you, Link). Combat was not the main objective of this game, but I found it rewarding.Puzzles: ""could have been better""I think you have to take the puzzles in context, because, again, they're trying to explore psychosis through the world around you... but I'll leave that in the 'story' section. At face value for me, some puzzles were initially incredibly frustrating, and then became almost obvious for the whole mid section of the game. They did find ways to make finding runes ""fresh"" by adding in multiple world-manipulation mechanics. Again, puzzles were not the main objective of the game.Graphics: ""Senua, much wow!""Again it's obvious where devs spent their time with looks (Senua... it's Senua's model. Holy #@%^!) and where they didn't (using textures/2D video instead of 3D models for many, many things out in the world) to keep the game in budget. There were a few ""jumpy"" moments for me that ruined some of the cinematics/gameplay, but the game also just came out and the dev team was small; I can't expect them to have every single bug out by now. Overall, a very detailed world that never felt old. You might consider buying the game to see how much the developers achieved with such a low budget. I was incredibly impressed, and I think this game could be a breakthrough in the video game industry. Congrats guys!"
76561198030935046,Recommended,414340,34227406,Posted: 13 August,all,Mysticmouse,Really good game that tackles mental health issues superbly. One of my favorites of 2017
,Recommended,414340,34227375,Posted: 13 August,all,wolfrend,"This was the most beautiful, honest, and thoughtful game I've played in a long time. It shows a far different expectation for what a ""game"" can be considered and shouldn't be looked down upon for doing so. Well worth every penny I spent on it."
76561198123804954,Recommended,414340,34228485,Posted: 13 August,all,JRB,Game of the year contender
,Recommended,414340,34228284,Posted: 13 August,all,ABunch0fChildren,"Maybe it's because I'm a psychology nut, but I'm in love with this game. It's a bit linear, but the combat, story, and general creepy and psychotic atmosphere kept me hooked."
76561198150537992,Recommended,414340,34160718,Posted: 10 August,all,Smoke,"Over the years there have been a few games I've kind of ""Stumbled upon"" right at the time of their release, while I'm looking for something new to play. I watch a few trailers and in a short amount of time, I know im going to have a great experience. This game was another one of those experience's.I sat down and played to the end in one play through because I was so hooked. I'll be coming back to this game as there are elements of legend and lore that were brought to life in a way that was done better in a video game than anything else ive seen. Also the graphics, the game play and even the slighty repetitive combat system are just epic, and even with the combat being repetitive, I still found myself craving the fights. The puzzles are well done and can be a little tricky at times and I know the voices were done with intent to add a layer of psychosis to the world, but I did find them slighty annoyning at times, as im sure people who suffer from such inflictions of the mind would. All and all its so worth playing this game.I really hope theres another game or expansion or something, anything in the future that can extend this universe and the reality of Senua's world."
76561197996481059,Recommended,414340,34201909,Posted: 12 August,all,RiceSaki,"Holy F word.Amazing graphics, story, acting, voice acting and combat system. Its short and sweet.I love the idea of not using HUD/status bars.Highly recommend playing with headphones.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,414340,34237550,Posted: 14 August,all,ThatFilthyBastard,"Well, what can I say?I've not finished yet but I can feel the end is nearish.This game exceeded my expectations, as I rarely allow myself to become hyped about any title. In my opinion this game balances combat with story telling in a gripping way that has had me play this almost non stop. The detail of the history and the way it plays with your mind are all great strengths of this game.If you love deep story telling and Psychological games then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,414340,34179881,Posted: 11 August,all,Alan,"While I personally want as many people to play this as possible, it's not an easy recommendation. That might sound like I'm condemning the game, but the fact of the matter is that it simply isn't for everyone. For me however, it certainly was. It is a fascinating and thoughtful dive into subject matter that hasn't really been explored much in this space. Since my experience in psychosis and mental illness is limited, I can't exactly comment on the accuracy and authenticity, but after finishing the game I do find myself wanting to acquire a better understanding. What it does do is equal parts unsettling, emotional and completely engaging.As for the ""game"" part, I've been reading a lot of feedback that I find myself disagreeing with. Yes, there is a lot of walking, but it's hardly as simple as that. There's rarely a moment of quiet time as you're constantly bombarded with external stimuli, which is serving a very specific purpose in this case. When you do engage with the world, it's primarily in the form of puzzles, and combat. Puzzles are for the most part straightforward, and you're often led to the solution. There are a few instances of clever design that momentarily gave me pause, but there probably could have been more. They also tie in to the overall narrative theme.Combat is where I disagree most with the negative reviews. No, this is not a PlatinumGames brawler, and indeed lacks that level of depth. To dismiss it as ""simplistic"" however is misrepresenting what depth it does have. More importantly however, is the execution. Combat in this game has a ""feel"" to it that's difficult to put into words. Every swing and hit has a weight to it that translates into such intensity that puts me on the edge of my seat in every encounter. It's the combination of the music, the voices in your ears, the enemy design, and extreme fidelity in visuals and animation that make it so incredibly engaging. There were a few encounters that I felt were padded with a few too many waves of enemies, but this only happened a couple times in my playthrough, and still felt satisfying to complete.As I said before this game isn't for everyone, but that's ok. I'm glad games like this exist, and I hope they continue to do so."
,Recommended,414340,34180265,Posted: 11 August,all,Lestian!,"9/10Well I don't know what to say...it sure was a amazing game, it was very emotional and sometimes I felt like being in the body of Senua just wanting the voices to be quite.Lets do the review:Intro:Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice tells a story about your character and her journey through herself and her pain and how she sees the world and what is inside her.Technical: Flawless. 60 fps all timeGraphics: Looks very gorgeous.Story: Very good story, I have never seen this in the gaming industry, it was a very mysterious journey, I felt  the pain of Senua and all I wanted to become true is what she things was the goal in her journey although I knew it would not end like that. It was just amazing and I enjoyed the game from beginning to end, I had no rest even so I played for 7 hours straight, haven't done that in a while.I am a bit speechless about what just happened. I would not recommend the game to everyone. This is an unique game. This is not a game were you have to slay enemies (which you do anyway) but more an adventure and puzzle game. If you like adventures then I would totally recommend.Can't really see anything negative, the game made me even cry a bit and the song in credits was beautiful.To be honest, it is worth the price, it lasts 7 hours aprox. Comparing to AAA games, you pay 60 EUR (40 Pound) for 5 hours and then you get DLC and p2w, and then the story is not as half as create as this one."
76561198040781725,Recommended,414340,34188975,Posted: 12 August,all,Alex,"I'm only one hour into this game and I'm already rating it positive. This game is unique, and so realistic."
,Recommended,414340,34184929,Posted: 11 August,all,Cursix,"Visually pleasing, amazing physics, only been playing for a couple of hours and I am definitely intrigued in the storyline.  I recommend giving this game a chance!"
,Recommended,414340,34184838,Posted: 11 August,all,Gaxon,"At first I was turned off by the game in the first 30 minutes to an hour. As the game progressed the story became more interesting and the combat more frequent.Combat was dull at first until I learned I could do different moves by sprinting, evading etc. while attacking.I recommend lugging through the first hour to the good stuff.Graphics 10/10Acting 10/10Voice Acting 10/10Audio 10/10Action 5/10Combat 8/10Lore 10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34177507,Posted: 11 August,all,komapsunida,Gorgeous <3
76561198085263795,Recommended,414340,34175689,Posted: 11 August,all,Ozicom,"""If you believe that Senua's reality is twisted, you must accept that yours might be too."""
,Recommended,414340,34175691,Posted: 11 August,all,Yarcc,"Extremely well written&directed. Absolute example of game which does not have the usual over tought gaming stuff in it, but still is made extremely well. Can't do nothing but recommend this one. Some puzzles we're subpar, but in the end, story, theme & and main character were all too amazing to stop those puzzles bother me.All the fuzz at the beginning about rot and save delete just made me want to play this even more."
76561198091350079,Recommended,414340,34175551,Posted: 11 August,all,PlayableGamez,Hellblade will mess with your mind. I highly recommend quality headphones for this game.Graphics: 10Audio: 10Story: 7Gameplay: 7Overall Score: 8.5
76561198068633382,Recommended,414340,34175614,Posted: 11 August,all,Shadowjak23,"I normally don't review games, I just think ""I like it, and that's good enough for me"" but this game is different. It is an experience that I am blown away by. The story is rich, the graphics are beautiful/horrifying, the gameplay feels natural, and most importantly, the message this game sends is vital. I cannot recommend this game enough to anyone. It is nothing short of a masterpiece."
76561197966099463,Recommended,414340,34175676,Posted: 11 August,all,Danman500,pros-great graphics. interesting storyline. atmospheric. pretty unique style with the main character having schizophrenia.great norse mythology if you're into that sort of thing. I def am.cons-game lasted 6.9 hrs. Very repetative. Combat is probably too easy. no replayability.Worth a play but not worth £25. I reckon it's worth about £7-9.Almost worth watching someone else play the game on youtube or something.
76561198344073144,Recommended,414340,34174847,Posted: 11 August,all,FrankDeTank,Litteraly the only thing I thought was off was the Sub-titles. Thats it. The game is perfect otherwise.
76561197984003614,Recommended,414340,34178154,Posted: 11 August,all,MaggiWürze,"amazing atmosphere, challenging battles and riddles. what a game!"
,Recommended,414340,34190831,Posted: 12 August,all,Blackprone,That was an experience i didn't know i needed
76561197970750409,Recommended,414340,34519522,Posted: 26 August,all,Deathwish,This game is absolutely incredible.  Every detail of it fits so perfectly to tell a truly mesmerizing and terrifying story.  To try to compare it to any other game out there would be a disservice to it.I am in awe of the actor playing Senua and the incredible work that was done by this small team to make a game that looks and feel multitudes above any AAA game out there.A true masterpiece
76561198093956364,Recommended,414340,34512721,Posted: 26 August,all,Masahgai,"Such an amazing experience!  I highly reccomend this game to anyone.   The story is beautiful and powerful.   I also really enjoyed  the combat sequences.  They are tense, but I never felt like they were too difficult."
76561198001455519,Recommended,414340,34542367,Posted: 27 August,all,ReduXReid,"Despite it's flaws as a ""video game"" (It's more of an interactive movie than an actual game) there's never really been anything quite like this before. It's story, (very dark/mature/taboo/honest) It's length/asking price. It's AAA production value. I think Ninja Theory's gamble paid off for sure, The games industry better takes notes on this, as I think we'd all like to see more games produced in this fashion moving forward!"
,Recommended,414340,34542349,Posted: 27 August,all,Warpedheat,Amazing game.  It's been a while since I've started a game and played it all the way through in one sitting.  The audio experience is just astounding.  I'm a glad I used a headset while playing.  I just wish there was the option to get the soundtrack as well.
76561198061229856,Recommended,414340,34542574,Posted: 27 August,all,Robym Woody,"Jogo absurdo, com jogabilidade simples mas carregado na história, onde você se conecta com a personagem principal e começa a sentir o que ela pensa. Um jogo mais com cara de filme, no estilo ""heavy rain"" ou ""two souls"". Não mudaria nada nele."
76561198082732624,Recommended,414340,34542266,Posted: 27 August,all,Wyrmwud6,"So i just finished Hellblade, and this game made me feel a certain type of way.This is truly a work of art more than just a video game.The only other game I could say the same of is Shadow of the Colossus, which, until now, has been my favorite game of all time. I'm pretty sure Senua just took that place. Thank you so much Ninja Theory for making this game.Fairly short game, about 8-10 hour range, but absolutely worth the price.Play with good headphones for an experience that will haunt you long after it's over."
,Recommended,414340,34542653,Posted: 27 August,all,Clockwork Σ,"One of the best games that I have ever played. Great story with great pacing, stunning visuals, and combat that flows effortlessly."
76561198026266119,Recommended,414340,34540871,Posted: 27 August,all,Rob,Masterpiece. Absolutely amayzing.
,Recommended,414340,34562315,Posted: 28 August,all,RForte1189,"In over 10 years I haven't written a review for a single game. Yet this game is absolutly stunning. Not only was I completely in awe at the fantastical aspects of this game but I was drawn into it from start to finish. Felt like I was part of an 8 hour movie that I was in control of, and that is a good thing. Wish more games were like this - nothing quite tells the story as immersively in a game such as this one currently."
,Recommended,414340,34562601,Posted: 28 August,all,ziller,Great game! Very rich story.
,Recommended,414340,34561056,Posted: 28 August,all,DrunkenSolution,"This game had me in shivers! From the creepy atmosphere to the schizophrenic moments that this game presents throughout the course of the story, it was beautifully done which was accompanied by amazing artwork and with an amazing soundtrack! Highly recommended to others interested in the likes of horror games. Only flaw would have to be the combat in which I would have liked to have seen more variations."
,Recommended,414340,34562133,Posted: 28 August,all,Stormcrow,A really intense experience and also a fun game. Innovative riddles and a really dense atmosphere. Gripping until the end.
76561198134857746,Recommended,414340,34562168,Posted: 28 August,all,BoneRack79,Fantastic!!
76561197993632034,Recommended,414340,34557444,Posted: 28 August,all,Glendinho,"While I only played this game for a short while, I found it really wasnt the type of game for me.However it was perfect for someone else and I gifted a copy.Good graphics, story and combat, it's a shame I hated the puzzles. If you like having to think this is for you."
76561197970764389,Recommended,414340,34568272,Posted: 28 August,all,Nemrok,Just finished this game. Awesome gameplay and experience - definately recommended. One of the best games I've ever played!I would definately play a sequel and/or other titles like this.Nemrok
76561198121057596,Recommended,414340,34540985,Posted: 27 August,all,Havoc2UrFace,"This game was pretty much awesome. I think I'm still hearing voices in my head.. It reminded me of Rise of the Tomb Raider. In this entire game Senua has uphill struggles. I had several ""it was at that moment.. she knew.. she fk'd up""Pros: (I have a higher end gaming computer and with everything turned to the max)-It was a beautiful game to play-It targets story telling very well-I can tell every level/area/environment had great amount of detail put into it-fighting system was very fun to do and I enjoyed every encounterWhen I got hurt. She faught and moved like she's hurt-I don't scare easy, but I could see how more timid people could have a few 'oh sh!..momentsCons: very minor and probably very rare for 2nd and 3rd.-bit on the short side(took me around 7hours and 5hours).. but story completly makes up for it.. (like it's good enough to just watch someone else play and be completly happy)-Game crashed once during the playthrough, but not much progress was lost-Her hair and few items on her chothing glitched(both times) and was bouncing/moving around for some time. I had to quit and continue in order for it to stop.. only affected the visual not functional gameplay"
,Recommended,414340,34567290,Posted: 28 August,all,Sahelanthropus,"If you don't have PTSD now, you will.....10/10"
,Recommended,414340,34567993,Posted: 28 August,all,Soviet Afro,"To keep this short and sweet, this game is a masterwork of changing your perceptions of what a game could be.Played on: i5 4590, 16gb of RAM GTX 750ti on Medium/high settingsGraphics: this game only has very few pop in issues if any, otherwise it is Gorgeous in its bleakness. 10/10 even on sub-optimal hardwareSound: Voices, voices, voices.... the sound design makes you super immersed into this game, to the point of discomfort. Combat sound effects are super satisfying and this game is simply well built in this perspective 10/10Story and Execution: I can't do this justice without major spoilers, but this is a trip into maddness i would reccomend to anyone, though I can say this game is NOT for the faint of heart. Senua's story is ultamately about pain, madness, isolation and redemption.I will say there are some definate TRIGGER WARNING signs I should put up on this game, even those withstanding, it is 100% worth the playthrough. 10/10Gameplay: Illusion Puzzles are fun, and make for an interesting way to see how games can be peiced together. Combat is simple but its fluid and gets the job done 8/10This game is an essential for its story telling and design choices. The effort that was put in to provide a this experience is evident in almost every aspect of this game.9.75/10 GET IT NAO"
76561197971518729,Recommended,414340,34567026,Posted: 28 August,all,davidgilardi2,"This game was AWESOME!I've been playing games since the days of pong.  I've played them all and love gaming, but for years I just haven't felt all that great about most games.  Then came Senua.  This game is beautiful, made the hair stand up on my neck more than once, and has a deep, meaningful, and engaging story that I felt compelled to complete.Nice freaking job and thanks for creating a game that was worth every moment I spent on it!"
76561198003368393,Recommended,414340,34586086,Posted: 29 August,all,Thomzor,"Where to start... I went into this game having only heard about the purging of ones save file if you died to many times and that it was a ""walking simulator"", but as I dug deeper, I noticed that there was so much more to this game than just that. The heavy psychotic themes and exploration of ones afflictions immediately had me sold. Having always been a fan of games that want to take narration and atmosphere to new levels, this was a game for me.Right from the start, this game absolutely MUST be played with headphones for the full experience, the distressing feeling of being trapped in your own head but not being alone really makes this game what it is. Just the fact that right from the get go, you have 4 voices talking to you really set the tone for the things to come!I also really must give credit to Melina Juergens for her outstanding performance as the titular character, just the raw emotion that she manages to convey really struck a chord with me and makes this game one of the best I've played in a while.Let's break it down shall we?The pros :The art style of a dystopic viking universe with really chilling and haunting visuals.The combat felt heavy and had a satisfying crunch to it.Again, Melina Juergens performance as Senua really makes the whole psychotic aspect that much more amazing.Nicholas Boulton as your spiritual sidekick that you encounter on your journey does an outstanding job as Druth, your storytelling companion!The puzzles felt fun and inventive.The game really felt polished and ran very well on my computer.The cons :The puzzles, while they're fun for the most part, having to look around for symbols in your environments can get a little annoying. Some of the symbols felt wierdly placed, and you had to stand at a very specific angle to get them to be seen.It can feel a bit walking simulatorish at times, but it doesn't take away from the games other qualities.In conclusion:If you are a fan of story driven narrative experiences, this is a game you really must check out! I managed to beat it in around 8 hours. The price tag of 29,99 didn't feel to steep for me. The game runs very well, looks gorgeous and feels very well optimized.Other than that, I thoroughly enjoyed Senuas journey into the darkest corners of ones self and the exploration of the psychotic and demented themes.Very well done Ninja Blade, you knocked it out of the park!9/10 this is a must play if you are even remotely interested!"
,Recommended,414340,34375151,Posted: 20 August,all,<CM> Soy Milk,"Though not listed as a horror title, Hellblade is extremely spooky in places due to it's use of 3D sound and psychological mind♥♥♥♥ing. Some of the most effective moments weren't those that were high action, highly pressured situations, but just walking through the environment with subtle changes happening before your eyes that make you question what is safe and what isn't. The lore is interesting, making the collectable aspect worth it if you want to hear stories about norse legends and they also help to give context to what Senua is experencing/the environment she was raised in. I didn't get any bugs during the playthrough, with the only slight issues being an occassionally frustrating combat system where I felt my blocks/dodges weren't being picked up (this did kill me a few times, however did not prevent me from progressing at any point). The game may respond better using a controler.The environments are stunning, with some of my favourite areas beingthe forest you work your way through on the way to fight Valravnand the costal areas. The path down tofight Fenrirand the puzzles involved had me honestly terrified in places, the same with many ofOdin's trials(honestly everything but theTower Trialhad me wishing for the sweet release of death at some point). Very effective use of psychological elements to unnerve you- a lot of the time there is no actual imminent threat but you feel just as scared or more so than when faced with a boss fight. There were even times I missed having the whispering voices with me, as they were comforting in stressful situations!I also hightly reccomend watching the feature after finishing the game. It gives a lot of information on how Ninja Theory went about constructing Senua's character and the effort that went into making Hellblade, in my opinion, one of the best portrayals of psychosis I have ever seen. It also gives a lot more closure to the story's ending if you (like me) may have been a little confused as the credits began to roll, so all in all a good watch if you are interested in learning more about the game."
,Recommended,414340,34381985,Posted: 20 August,all,Sulfur,"Simply amazing. The way the developers were able to take such a taboo and unknown topic and work it into a game in order to help raise awareness and understanding is second to none. The graphics are beautiful it really seems like you're watching a movie the entire game. The incorporation of lore is a nice touch. The only downside to the game that wasn't a huge deal to me was the sluggish controls and mildly repetive combat. Although if you buy this game for the combat you're in the wrong genre. The atompshere of this game is one of the very best I've played since Silent 2 and 3. All in all give this game a shot, it hides a great story within. :-)"
,Recommended,414340,34357504,Posted: 19 August,all,RoterFux,"This is game is not only epic in dimension and technical, the story and emotions are stirring too.Yes, you cound say for a game the motion cature and face animation set news standards! Senua becomes a real living, breaving and fealing character. You feal her pain, fear, rage, anger, love ....It tells a simple story of  girl which lost her love and seek to bringt it back from the dead aka  north ""hell""For a team that small this is extremly extremly impressive!!! Realy!So if you've got 30 bugs to spend, to not hold back. Spend it and experience this one!A salut to this little team! Well done guys, well done!"
,Recommended,414340,34366141,Posted: 19 August,all,TrumpKingsly,"This is an astoundingly well told interactive story that alternatingly plays like a hack-and-slash action game and thoughtful puzzle game.The StoryYou're Senua, a woman who goes to the underworld to rescue the love of her life, Dillion. He died due to circumstances for which Senua blames herself. Her grief, guilt and love of this man are extraordinarily compelling in this story. The whole story exudes grim/dark: trepidation, rage and grief are probably the most common emotions felt by you, Senua, and the other characters in the story. Pleasant emotions peak their heads above the tar every now and then, but only because the story will soon forcibly put its boot to the task of pushing them back under. Be ready for an exploration of something dark.Senua also suffers from some kind of psychosis. Its effects seem to be realized extremely well by the storytelling. Voices consumed by conflicting emotions whisper conflicting instructions incessantly. At some points, even I wanted to yell at them to shut up and go away. They are that effective. While her psychosis is integral to the story, and messages can be taken from the way the story treats it, the primary arc is a woman blaming herself for the death of her lover and trying to find redemption.You very well may not have seen this particular plot, before, but you've likely seen the point it makes elsewhere. However, Senua's Sacrifice may have an emotional affect on you where other similar stories did not. It's that well told. The voice acting, music, sound, visual fidelity and graphic design work together to make this game into a storytelling masterpeice. I am not exaggerating when I say that.It ends with a nod to possible sequels. I think this is a little detrimental to the experience, though. Because Senua's Sacrifice is 100% valid as a standalone story, the little nod at the end seems to take you out of the experience by forcing you to think about the metagame. ""The company might be making a sequel"" is your final thought, rather than any reflection on what you just experienced.You also can't skip the credits, when it's over. It was annoying and unrewarding when Mankind Divided did it. It's annoying and unrewarding here, as well. If anyone cares about the people who made the game, they can Google it and find out in seconds, rather than  waiting minutes for the name to scroll by during the credits. But, don't worry. Nothing happens during nor after these credits. You can alt+F4, and everything will be fine.The ""Game"" PartThe game part of this videogame is way better than it seems, at first. The gameplay loop cycles in two parts--you fight groups of enemies in an arena, then you're completing pattern recognition puzzles. All of this is done in third-person while the camera floats behind the main character, Senua.The puzzles have you finding brightly colored ""runes"" in the environment, focusing on them for a bit, then finding their shape naturally occurring elsewhere in the environment. Maybe two objects cast shadows that form the shape when you stand in a certain location. Maybe two trees make the shape when you stand behind one of them. Maybe those burn marks underfoot make the shape when you get to a higher location and look down. Surprisingly engaging, considering how simple it is.Combat is arena-fighting hack-and-slash. Sound effects and animations make the fighting brutal: you hear that combination slice-crunch when Senua presses her sword through an enemy's abdomen, for example. You have 14 moves at your disposal, by my count, all of which are based on three attack buttons--light, heavy, and guard break. You get new moves when forward dashing, side dashing, sprinting, and by holding the heavy attack (later in the game). But, that ""holding heavy"" move actually modifies every other heavy move instance, so technically you have more than 14. The game does not tell you any of this, unless the storytelling allows the voices in your head to give you hints. You mostly figure it out. I really, really love that.Combat is challenging, especially when many enemies are nearby, because the third-person perspective pulls in behind Senua extremely tightly when combat initiates. You can barely see to either side of Senua, and you can't see behind her at all. To stay safe, you listen for the sounds enemies make and voices in Senua's head (""He's behind you!"") to dodge at just the right time.There are five enemies you encounter very frequently, along with three bosses. For an 8-hour game, that's some pretty good variety.ConclusionSenua's Sacrifice is an emotionally gripping, grimdark story told extremely well with a thrilling combat game and a thoughtful puzzle game as two cherries on top.It's another reason that people who don't play videogames should be sad that they don't play videogames. Stop reading reviews and play this game. Right now."
,Recommended,414340,34384480,Posted: 20 August,all,Kline,"As many of the reviews I read stated, ""it is an experience"" more than it is a game. Very cool. Mostly story and environmental puzzles but enough interspersed combat to stay interesting."
76561198055439435,Recommended,414340,34384506,Posted: 20 August,all,FLGMwt,"First credit is for a mental health advisor. That's pretty cool.Oh, and fun, gorgeous game : D"
76561197995207080,Recommended,414340,34384796,Posted: 20 August,all,KhaosWeapon,Very different game explores the side of psychosis. grpahics are fantastic! Story was awesome! If you turn it all the way up with a 1080ti @ 3440x1440 it will run at 20fps so make sure you tune it correctly.
,Recommended,414340,34269130,Posted: 15 August,all,chiefBongRipDankCloud,"This is a game that makes you feel and accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do.A ramble of a review in bulletpoints.Spoilers and potential spoilers have been obscured so don't hover over the sections in black until you play the game at least once!Precursory Notes• Headphones are an absolute requirement!Everything is sold though the audio; That is not to say the visuals don't play their part;but try playing though with the audio disabled and it doesn't strike you the same way. Should you choose to not have headphones or worse turn off the audio on your first play-though you will not enjoy this game!• This is a narrative driven story and game.It is the way the story is told that is what really does a lot of the heavy lifting.The story itself is the hero's journey/monomyth almost at a textbook level. That is not to say it is bad - on the contrary, it is actually a very good take on a classical story template which when combined withthe mental health aspect of the narrativeprovides a very interesting twist and fresh take on what is a fairly common type of story.Also a really interesting thing to point out is how it breaks out of the monomyth because ofthe mental health aspect in the story.• Gameplay is fundamentally hack and slash combat.Pros• Great atmosphere.The feeling of dread that this game evokes is just magnificent - often times because you know what lies ahead but have no choice but to press on.• Appropriately priced.• Good graphics and a great aesthetic.• No filler, though this is subjective as some sections have more going for it than others.• Combat is pretty good - mostly like Enslaved: Odyssey to the West without the ability to shoot, not groundbreaking but with stubble improvements it goes far and is fun.• The puzzle solving is very much in-theme with the story and narrative(i.e the core subject matters)- I won't go into to too much more detail than that.•Sections where the audio trumps visuals as a means or primary way to interact with the game are very well executed and are a welcome addition.The voices in your head are sometimes trustworthy and other times deceive you which really adds to the story.The game has no HUD and so uses these voices in a way I have always wanted to see implemented properly: as little angels (or devils) that sit on your shoulders.Not just HEY! HEY! LISTEN! HEY!•The game does make you question your own and the main characters sanity: Senua has four basic types of experiences in the game: they are Real, Delusional, Magical and Memory - it is difficult to tell which one is which at certain points in time or if they are nested which really, REALLY sells the narrative and story.ConsNote: The first point seems to be engine/tech related.• First and second last level had audio drops that seemed to be tied to a brief drop in frame rate. Very odd and admittedly could have been my computer initiating a AV scan though I doubt this. Very, very minor but this can take you out of the atmosphere.• Camera can lock in odd ways at ledges though this seems to be intentional as a way to get contextual, use type actions to work.• Looking up can be awkward at timesbut seems intentional as well, probably to get the player looking at the right thing and prevent losing immersion.Areas for improvementNote: All but the last point seem to be engine/tech related.• Soundtrack can loop abruptly or cut completely in some sections. In the latter case it is as if the recording ended prematurely.• Facial animation and facial effects for protagonist didn't feel detailed enough at some key moments: very much enjoyed Melina's performance but at times it didn't seem to translate though the character model or facial MoCap (it feels like there are not enough track points).•The Blindness Challenge Shard didn't go far enough in my opinion. The fact it can be played up to and including the river with one's eyes closed was just wonderful but I feel that it could have gone one step further and not have any visuals. Admittedly this would require the section be redone with no enemies and it could get really frustrating if it involves a labyrinth of a level. My suggestion would be to have no visuals up to the house then invert - have the game go totally white and have the enemies as silhouettes and shadows (they were bloody creepy).Other Notes: ABSOLUTLY DO NOT LOOK AT THIS SECTION UNTIL YOU HAVE PLAYED THE GAME IN FULL AT LEAST ONCE!!! NO SERIOUSLY!•Just also to mentionthough this is apparently not a glitchmy arm (the permadeath counter) would fluctuate between values in some odd ways...For example:A. Is at 7 and I exit the game.B. Start game back up, it is at 3 - play some more, exit.C. Start game back up, it is at 8.I have seen people mention that the permadeath is actually not real (clever) but I have not confirmed this. If this turns out to be true then please disregard this point as a whole.Closing Notes• The game is firmly in my favorites and in my Steam library is categorized as such.• Sparked an interest for me in the core subject matter.• Definitely worth picking up at full price I might add and I would like to see more of these ""independent-AAA"" titles as I have heard it described: I think titles of this quality are what we are all after delivering fresh games."
76561198170640254,Recommended,414340,34220049,Posted: 13 August,all,troomar,"Psychoses, hallucinations, anxieties, delusions and obsessions. The puzzles are the obsessions, and the disorders. They are not here to be head scratchers, they are here to show us. To show, not to tell. Does it work? Yes, it does.This game is not an adventure or an action game, it's rather a tell-tale game, or a show-tale game in this case. The puzzles and fights are tools to support the story and to pull you in. It's a way how to show the emotions and feelings rather then trying to explain them in words. Don't pick up this game is you want to solve hard puzzles or to fight enemies here and there all the time. You won't find it in this game. But if you have played games like Life is Strange or Soma, you will like this game for sure.Graphics 10/10The first thing that will amaze you is graphics. It's simply astonishing. And all the details tailored to it. For example the detail of body moving that makes Senua's walking and running much more realistic than in other games. For example when you turn around, she moves her head first in the direction and then she turns her body. Like in real life. Try it on yourself and compare it to other games. Or the walking in the water (it will be harder to try it for yourself now though).Sound 10/10It's on the same level as graphics. The sound is just wonderful. It's basically just another way how to 'show' the story. Definitely use headphones, some puzzles are even based on 3D sound.The are many voices that will guide you and will stick with you all the time. Some people may find it annoying, for me it wasn't a problem, they just mixed with all the other voices ... oh, wait.Story 9/10The story and the way how the game deals with the theme is well done. If you have some experience with people that suffered mental illness, you will find out the story very true to the nature of their problems and to the root causes of such illnesses. On the other hand, the story does not progress that fast, so some people may find it boring or repetitive. For me it wasn't a problem, I enjoyed every second.Bugs 3/10Unfortunately, I encountered few bugs and one of them was quite serious. Most of the bugs are related to textures. It happened twice that I stuck in texture and I had to restart the game, which resulted in a loss of progress (just few minutes, but still). I also encountered bug that after reload everything was so dark I couldn't navigate through the map. Luckily it fixed itself after some time when I was walking around in the darkness, but I almost give up on the game in that moment.Fighting 5/10The fighting is very well done, at least visually, but it's repetitive and - to my surprise - very unforgiving. If you are a bad player in action games like me, be prepared to die many times. And the fights are often long. Some boss fights took me almost an hour.Tips- Use headphones, turn off the lights, play in the night alone- Walk, don't run. Explore and enjoy nice views. Use focus (character's ability) to scrutinize you surroundings. You may find it relieving.Minor notes and rants1) Immersion break 1There are parts in the game when you use a torch. Have any of the developers ever used a torch? Probably not, because they would have known that if you hold a torch in front of your eyes, you would blind yourself. Proper use of a torch is to actually hold it behind your head and move it in the opposite direction than your face is, so it won't blind you. Not to mention the fact that using a torch in a dungeon is not the best idea. An oil lantern would do better.2) Immersion break 2When you walk in and out of the water, Senua's skin and clothes are not wet, but when it's raining, they are. It's a detail, but if you consider all the other details that are here (walking in the water, body moving etc.), it's just strange.8/10- Add 1 if you are reading this and the bugs I mentioned have already been fixed."
76561198127474785,Recommended,414340,34118123,Posted: 8 August,all,riveraperezd79,"DO NOT PLAY IT WITHOUT A HEADSET!  you will miss the best part of the game if you do. Really love this game. It's by no means perfect but I've never, not even in Dark Souls felt such a sense of hopelessness and dread. It truly feels horrible to share this experience with Senua. Many games have you control someone who is loosing or lost their mind but none can even come close to this. It has flaws, some of the puzzles can brake the pacing of the game if you can't figure them out in a reasonable amount of time. It's a linear experience with a simple but satisfying combat system, Valravn's Boss Fight is one of my favorite moments in gaming in the past few years. If you're a fan of atmospheric, narrative driven, dark games, this one is for you."
,Recommended,414340,34318551,Posted: 17 August,all,Painicillin,"An amazing journey into the mind of someone suffering from psychosis.Well worth the $30. Beautiful graphics, great atmosphere, and an interesting story. Combat is good. The puzzles are unique as well.I really enjoyed the whole experience!"
76561198116319249,Recommended,414340,34318590,Posted: 17 August,all,Uncle Fester,Erase this game from my brain so I can play it again.  Took my a week to beat it and know that I have I am clueless as to what to do with my life.  THIS IS WORTH EVERY PENNY.
76561198070315024,Recommended,414340,34318181,Posted: 17 August,all,Morty_C-137,"This game is beyond the monotony of games we, for some reason, expect these days. Hellblade is the weekend, while most titles today, are the weekdays full of your weekday routine. There isn't any grinding, no loot, no meaningless quest or missions that you turn your brain off to complete. Just raw story, atmosphere and pure joy mixed with excitement and fear. I know I've only got just over an hour in the game, but I feel it's enough to throw out a review. I'd like to start with how gorgeous the game looks, so if you have a high-end rig, it's worth the $29.99 price tag. The gameplay is on par with how the game looks, but I did feel the camera controls were a little annoying. By that I mean it pulls slower than I felt it should, but the slow moving camera plays with the outstanding atmosphere within the game. The Story (so far) and the atmosphere are the best I've come across. The fighting mechanic is solid, and I know people are reluctant to buy a game that has around a 6 hour gameplay, but it feels fresh."
76561198029094915,Recommended,414340,34318066,Posted: 17 August,all,pringlegopop,"This is my first review in 20 years of gaming. I understand peoples complaints regarding this game ( it is slow, you move to slow, lack of interaction etc), however this is such a masterclass of storytelling that you simply must experience it. The connection to the main character has developed over the 9+ hours of gameplay Much more that I was expecting. If you are looking for something different, brilliantly executed with immense care and respect for the core subject matter you will enjoy Hellblade much more than you think."
,Recommended,414340,34317425,Posted: 17 August,all,Cogito,As a someone who works in mental health this does a wonderful job of portraying some of the experiences. It also happens to be a really great game.
76561198006265186,Recommended,414340,34321358,Posted: 17 August,all,romulous,"Cinematic af, loved it. Couple of minor dislikes; camera is over the shoulder instead of directly behind, it does my head in, and in combat, the camera does not lock onto the enemy you are facing (not an issue for one vs one, but is for one vs multiple)."
76561198085727882,Recommended,414340,34321530,Posted: 17 August,all,RKS1282,"Absolutly beautiful game,  What really had me in awe were the waves at the first beach you encounter.  The scoring as well as the voice overs were impressive too.  Very deep and ritch with emotion.  Well done to everyone who made this game possible, and thank you for selling it at a great price.  I would have easily paid the full $59.99 standard.  Hats off to this game and thank you again :)"
76561198040953914,Recommended,414340,34321401,Posted: 17 August,all,HeathenHeart,"One of the best games ive played so far. The story was amazing, but the rune puzzles placed a big drag on the games progression."
76561198007292074,Recommended,414340,34114696,Posted: 8 August,all,Darlove,I have  only started to play the game fiest impression is it well done however they lach a tutorial this made the game fustrating becuase I had keep going back in the game options to see what key does what. Please put tutrorial in game so it teaches ne player the controlls at very least. I love the fact the system requirements are low my geforce 1060 play the game great pn ultra high. I never really like game makers who make you by the latest and greatest graphics card to get the best quiltiy of game play. Price is great too. Keep up the great work Please add a tutorial in the first patch!
,Recommended,414340,34217347,Posted: 13 August,all,Hobe,"This is an incredible game.  It is easily worth double the price that they are charging for it.If you are not interested in the mental health aspect of the game, the combat system and puzzles are absolutely top notch.I recommend this game to anyone interested in a 6-7 hour game that provides more content than almost everything that has come out in a long time.P.S. listen to the runestones, do not skip any."
,Recommended,414340,34220742,Posted: 13 August,all,sirkushington,"Not one to write reviews, but bravo Ninja Theory. This is the best game I have played in a long time, art style is beautiful, combat was flawless and the story was captivating. Thank you please make more stories like this."
76561198368492211,Recommended,414340,34219681,Posted: 13 August,all,betterprintandmedia,amazing.  Just beat it and it was really detailed.  Left wanting more tho.
,Recommended,414340,34220654,Posted: 13 August,all,Average Joe,"Just awesome, first game I actually wanted to complete in alot of years."
76561198006669263,Recommended,414340,34220668,Posted: 13 August,all,Honorary_Snowman,"I find it very hard to put into words how amazing this game is. It melds beautiful story-telling with an exploration into the darkness of our minds. There is no other experience like this and I cannot reccomend it enough.As others have said, make sure to play it with head-phones!"
,Recommended,414340,34218750,Posted: 13 August,all,Epitapapaya,"Senua's Sacrifice is a good game. It has several flaws, but my overall opinion of it is positive.The most noticeable flaw is that the world feels very restrictive. This could be due to me being used to open-world games, but the game always has a set path it wants you to follow. Tying into this, there are a lot of obstacles that seem to be in the game for the sole reason of taking time. Examples would be small cliffs you have to climb down, instead of just jumping down, as well as detours that could easily be avoided. This makes the game feel longer, despite having less content.Another major flaw is that when using keyboard and mouse, the sensitivity of the camera is really low. After a while you learn to live with it, and using the focus (E-button) to quickly change direction, or sprinting (which increases mouse sensitivity as well).The thing that the game did best, in my opinion, was atmosphere. The ambience, the music, as well as the visuals were integral to creating the dark feeling of the game (which I personally loved).Next, the game's combat system is really fun to use, reminiscent of dark souls, where you slowly learn patterns and techniques for beating certain enemies (I'm looking at you, shield-vikings). I particularly enjoyed fighting the Crow-boss (you'll know when you meet him) for this reason.Visuals: 8/10Audio: 8/10Level Design: 4/10Gameplay: 8/10Overall rating: 7/10I have some more opinions, but these are spoiler-heavy, which is why i am putting them below:The game is really short. There are three bosses, and although they are fun to fight, there are too few of them.The entire game also builds up to this epic battle against Hela, but when you get there, it's just fighting a bunch of normal enemies, as well as shadows of the previous bosses. I really wish they could have had a proper boss fight at the end. The ending itself is confusing, and can keep a lot of people hanging, but it seems to promise more Hellblade in the future, which in my opinion is not a bad thing."
76561198102411196,Recommended,414340,34214018,Posted: 13 August,all,jiggermole,"Headphones are a must.  Beutiful game, fantastic audio.  They've crafted an amazing and horrible world.  Kudos.  It is definately an experience.  Well worth a buy."
,Recommended,414340,34214414,Posted: 13 August,all,Sly Loris,"Something fresh from the gaming industry, outside of all the sidescrollers, shooters, open world repetitiveness. Yes it is linear, more of an intereactive narrative, so most of the non-boss fighting sections seem tacked on to remind us it is a game, however, it tells the story in a way no other medium could accoplish so well. I got sucked into the story so much and the viseral impact on the senses visually and audible that some of it I found very disturbing. In one section where I kept dying, as I hadn't realised there was a different path I needed to take, I had to stop; not out of frustration, it was just that the sound and visual animation for the death was getting into my head too much, I needed to step away from the game for a bit, even though I so desperatly wanted to press on.Ninja Theory wanted to portay pshycosis as best they could, although I do not suffer from it I believe they have done well from the descriptions of the condition I have seen. Mostly disturbed and immense fear fills the entire experience, intercepted by sudden fleeting moments of beauty, calm and wonder, with underlying doubt throughout. It may not be long or have much depth in the gameplay, but this game has left a lasting impression on me, on I think everyone should try.Please Ninja Theory continue to push the medium, you have accompised something great and unconventional.Play with headphones, the way the developer has intended, it is a must."
76561198200409786,Recommended,414340,34174465,Posted: 11 August,all,moe_182,"TOTALLY RECOMMENDEDThis game right here is just... it is a masterpiece I haven´t felt such immersion in a game.Visually is stunning and has no UI.The story and the lore are just great and I love the fact that is based on the Norse mythology.Your character and her background story are very interesting and you actually care about her.The soundtrack is just WOW make the strong moments EPIC.NO TUTORIAL (you only need the voices in your head)If you are looking for a fast pace game from the very beginning go play a traditional hack n slash, Senua is more than just smashing buttons.I would say hellblade´s gameplay and battles are quite simple but fulfilling.Anyways, BUY IT you wont regret it."
,Recommended,414340,34521047,Posted: 26 August,all,vacri,"At last, a game with a psychotic main character. As in, real-world psychosis, not movie-psychotic. The visual disturbances and hearing voices are really well done, and it's also an interesting way to get some tips if you're stuck. It's a stunningly-beautiful game, well put-together, the story unfolds well, and the combat system is fluid and enjoyable.I'm about three hours in at this point, and have just crossed 'the bridge'. Looking forward to finding out what's next..."
76561198127053034,Recommended,414340,34521048,Posted: 26 August,all,ARabidPenguin,"Hellblade has a compelling narrative and is quite beautiful. The combat is repeatative towards the end, but the game mixes it up by giving you different combinations of enemies to fight to compensate for it. The visual puzzles weren't difficult to me but your mileage may vary.The game's strengths are it's narrative and breathtaking visual / sound direction. The puzzles could be more challenging for me, and the combat was servicable but different types of engagement would make the regular encounters feel more fresh. While I do not consider the combat a detractor from the game, I do not consider it a strength of the game that would bring in players.Overall I recommend this game. However, I caution that players shouldn't go into this game looking for your next hack and slash action/adventure, as it is not a gameplay driven experience."
76561198064504813,Recommended,414340,34507804,Posted: 26 August,all,Belagund,"Well, this game is really one of a kind..I got soo into it, I definitely recommend giving it a shot!Note that this game relies heavily on the immersion in the thoughts and universe of Senua, there is a lot of lore and dialogs, that accompany you through the puzzle-solvings and the fights.Great game, I will probably do a second journey with Senua, but only once I have recovered from this playthrough ^^"
,Recommended,414340,34507254,Posted: 26 August,all,Djabardo,"As far as i'm concerned, it's a heavy contender for game of the year 2017.Other than having a rather primitive combat system, there are no complaints to be made about this title. The storytelling, the visuals, the audio design and, most importantly, the implementation of psychosis as a core mechanic are stellar.Coming from a studio that, for me, had achieved little more than mediocrity to this point, Hellblade was a really pleasant surprise.Buy this game, Ninja Theory really deserves it"
76561197990308914,Recommended,414340,34514065,Posted: 26 August,all,Conner Shoe Box,Beautifully done. A fresh experience and masteful story telling.
76561198052342153,Recommended,414340,34520616,Posted: 26 August,all,Anode,"For that price and that experience, I say go for it ...  Not only it is story rich, but the fighting is thrilling! I like hard game, while is it not the hardest, it is still rewarding. Like hearing a soothing song after defeating a boss."
,Recommended,414340,34559784,Posted: 28 August,all,Liquidevilgaming,"Gave definitely thinks outside the box story wise and it's wall appreciated with the look into the darkness of mental health issues.  Combat isn't anything outside of the normal, but a fantastic story and the occasional unique puzzle make this game shine.  Graphically the game is quite nice looking on higher settings.  To laptop users who undervolt Beware, this game crashed using an Undervolt that has been stable on everything else for a year now.Played on my laptop 1050TI,i5 Kaby lake,12GB DDR4Mix of Mostly high with some medium averages 45 FPS @1080P."
76561197970423847,Recommended,414340,34559539,Posted: 28 August,all,Elrandir,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is the most interesting and daring game I've played in a long long time. If you're interested in narrative games and video games as an expressive medium, this one's for you."
76561198208669679,Recommended,414340,34559474,Posted: 28 August,all,Drake,"Just finished the game. 11 Hours worth of time, definitely worth the price.It's very, if not too much immersive. The puzzles are intersting, not too easy and not too hard.The game sometimes, often even is frustrating. I quit several times upon dying, running around for a last puzzle piece and so, but that makes the game actually even more worth in my opinion.The mechanics come without extensive tutorial but are quite easy to get into, especially since they're relatively simple.The permanent death is scaring, didn't occure though despite of dying and failing at quests several times, not a total turn-down then.The lore is great and complete, pretty nice introduction or background into norse mythology.AND OVER ALL, the game is beautiful, graphics are excellent, realistic, good compromise between fantasy, gore, realisme and plain estetic.Actually the best indie-game I've ever player and worth every cent.I'm positive I'll play it again."
76561198191696210,Recommended,414340,34527536,Posted: 27 August,all,Chilled john,"Love this game, very immersive, looks amazing 10/10.(con's, only 8 hour's of play)"
76561198059706966,Recommended,414340,34562621,Posted: 28 August,all,xsuffer,Fights and riddles can get a bit annoying at times but the graphics are beautiful and the topic is so interesting and fresh that you have to play it.
,Recommended,414340,34161072,Posted: 10 August,all,LadyMourg,"Wow. This game drew me in. I couldn't stop playing. The work and care that went into it's production is astounding. I could not leave Senua's world of psychosis, nordic gods, and a lost love. If you want a unique experience, I highly reccomend this game."
76561198000023213,Recommended,414340,34140851,Posted: 10 August,all,Longevity,"Outstanding game. Visceral unbelievable graphics and animation. A bit of a slow burn with a great story. 5-7 hours long.Breaks down into small explore lore sections combined with a puzzle that encourages exploration, with ensuring battles that feel good with easy to understand mechanics.You will get a bit tired of the puzzles and you will wish you had a bigger repertoire of attack moves to mix things up.Definitely worth $30!fyi battles are really not that hard, never lost a save or anything."
76561198050346369,Recommended,414340,34140398,Posted: 9 August,all,jak_riley,"This game is an unforgettable experience. I've never played a game like it. This is really a work of art. Well worth $30. As others have recommended, make sure you have a good set of headphones, as the audio design in this game is phenomenal. Visually, this is hands down the most beautiful game I have played. I would pause it frequently with Ansel just to admire what was happening. The combat was satisfying, but above all, the story was gripping and enthralling. Certain levels were so intense that I had to get up from the computer and take some deep breaths to relieve stress.I'll be thinking about this game for the next few weeks. I definitely recommend it."
76561198003839110,Recommended,414340,34140561,Posted: 10 August,all,Xarion,"This game is absolutely incredible. Ninja Theory have done an amazing job bringing this world to life. The graphics are stunning, the combat while simple at first, has nuance and substance to it. You really feel that Senua is fighting for her life each time she draws her sword. The story is engaging and gives a real look into her motivation as well as the world she now has to fight through.Last the sound, I almost don't have words to describe the sound in this game. As many have already said, headphones are an absolute must to fully appreciate the feeling of psychosis Senua endures. The voices that seemingly surround you as you play, give such an incredible sense of immersion into her mind. She has voices that berate and knock her down, but at the same time, other voices lift her up and encourage her. In battle, the voices give queues to evade if an enemy tries to hit from behind, (and enemies are not shy about surrounding you). The weight of the burden she carries is palpable to say the least.TL;DR: This game is a must buy, use headphones when you play, get lost in the madness. This is one of the most unique experiences I've ever seen in games media in my 28+ years of playing games. 10\10 in my books."
,Recommended,414340,34140721,Posted: 10 August,all,Cognoscenti,"Man, being a miser as I am in general... I say this: this is a game I wouldn't have minded paying the full AAA price for...So now, without getting down a wall of text because I really don't want to waste time. Buy. This....... Or wait for a discount (always sensible; more so given this game's cons, see below).But seriously though, I believe this game deserves the full-price buy. For these reasons:Pros:Impressive simulation of the symptoms of (severe) psychosisAn experience that immerses you in the environment through the visuals and sound(Developing on the above) The binaural sound designing was a fantastic way to draw you into the madness(Also developing on above) Stunning graphics and visual effects helps with the presentation of symptomsAn intriguing story that really draws you in (I was really curious to know what was going on and how things would end)Brings awareness to the stigma of mental illness (that I feel needs to be shared)Amazing motion capture work by Melina Juergens. Now I'm curious to see her future worksThe ""Hellblade Feature"" video clip from the game menu is a must-watch to see how this amazing project came to beCons:Short length (I took 7 hours; this included getting stuck at one puzzle and slow-walking for IMMERSION)Little music (felt like a missed opportunity; when the music did kick up, it really added to the appeal)Not too much horror (tag seems irrelevant to me, but user mileage may vary)Audio overlapping (sometimes the narrator would clash with another voice speaking in-game, cancelling one out)Bugs (from the rare falling off the face of the earth to being unable to enter combat mode IN FRONT OF A BOSS)Super-easy combat system (I played it on ""Hard"", the hardest difficulty and it was still a piece of cake)MINOR: Subtitles not reflecting spoken words (or having typographical issues)MINOR: (To me) Doesn't have multiple endings, which seemed like a pity."
76561198062731784,Recommended,414340,34137827,Posted: 9 August,all,Bushman Johnson,"Very good graphics decent story good voice acting only real downside is the combat is a little wonky, however this is easy to look passed since it isn' the main focus of the game."
,Recommended,414340,34137831,Posted: 9 August,all,Senator Graham Dealson,"Came in expecting very little, 4 hours in and it's already worth the money. Novel concept, exceedingly quality execution, and interesting setting. The actual 'game' part of it suffers from the repition as some others have noted but that's easy to overlook with everything else being so well done."
,Recommended,414340,34139050,Posted: 9 August,all,Bones,"Took me 25 minutes to complete the first puzzle, all the while voices in my head were taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.10/10 would play again."
76561197993290538,Recommended,414340,34139229,Posted: 9 August,all,Tyrants_Reach,"A gate may bar your fortress, but what guards your mind?"
,Recommended,414340,34344120,Posted: 18 August,all,Levik Greywind,"An amazing experience. A bit short for it's price, but I don't regret it."
,Recommended,414340,34453968,Posted: 23 August,all,thatsiriusguy,"This game is honestly one of the best games that I have played in recent memory and I do not say this lightly. I recently finished the game and although you can find more games out there with a lot more content few games reach the genius that is Senua's Sacrifice. It is a game that plays better than most Triple A titles out there with graphics, combat, and story surpassing most recent titles with a few exceptions. Overall I give this game a 10/10.Pros:-Stunning atmosphere-Seemless combat-Incredible story-Interesting protaganist-Beautiful audio-Interesting lore with actual mythology being told-Personally the puzzles were fun to doCons:-Personally I felt the characters walking and running speed were a little too slow for my tastes as I am used to faster character control-If you wear headphones while playing, which I reccomend you do, you might be startled when an outside force ""sneaks"" up behind you and tries to get your attention-You will die and have to learn very fast what to do and not to do, there is basically no learning curve so be preparedI love this game."
,Recommended,414340,34452351,Posted: 23 August,all,no bully,senua can see through the darkness but can she see why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch
76561198137521349,Recommended,414340,34452739,Posted: 23 August,all,rcthomas00,Its nice to play a single game without any multiplayer or distractions from the main quest. At the start I found myself doing things I do in most games. I was looking aroung corners trying to find secrets or items then I realized there was none. No side quest or anything other than the main story.  It was the game that was promised.
76561198048478625,Recommended,414340,34491728,Posted: 25 August,all,sketelon,"Thank you Ninja Theory for this experince,  left me in pure horror, awe, sadness, joy all in one beautiful package.Thank you Thank you Thank you.Only thing negative about it was the VNV Nation outro. Should have just used the song playing at the bridge before Hellya.The VNV nation song was just missplaced."
,Recommended,414340,34487909,Posted: 25 August,all,BòóM-HeaĐshøT,First time i buy a game instantly when it comes out and i have to say its the best game i have played so far...every moment my skin was shuddered and my emotions went out especially in last 30minutes of the game! JUST BUY IT AND ENJOY IT!!!!!!
,Recommended,414340,34487741,Posted: 25 August,all,EI Tadashi 忠志,"Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!One of the best storys i`ve played so far, since a decade. Highly recommended this game if you like a good story."
76561197988052431,Recommended,414340,34489765,Posted: 25 August,all,Bullet-Tooth Tony,"Best game ever played, just amazing!!thanks to all developers.Hope to play soon another story!!!!!!"
,Recommended,414340,34490483,Posted: 25 August,all,Neji Hyuga,This is hands down one of the best games I have ever played. It gives such an awesome insight into the world of psychosis while maintaining an extremely compelling story. I recommend this game to anyone who wants a nice singleplayer game to chill out with and really enjoy.
,Recommended,414340,34487512,Posted: 25 August,all,Fenrir,Damned good
76561198067917594,Recommended,414340,34486966,Posted: 25 August,all,cainzjuss,"This the first review i'm writing on steam. And that says alot because i usually dont do this kind of thing.That being sayd, this is one of the best games i'v ever played. The story is powerful and really gets to you. There is no looting or inventory managment bullcrap. The scenes are topnoch. The graphics blew me away, i even took screenshots. Which is something else i dont usually do.If you ever play this. Please wear headphones. The cheap old earplugs i had did the trick.Play in the dark... if you dare.Highly recommended."
76561197972297772,Recommended,414340,34488821,Posted: 25 August,all,Ep1k?!,Top quality
76561198035223736,Recommended,414340,34474164,Posted: 24 August,all,rolland_500,"This is much more than just a game, it's an experiance. I can't understand how anyone could leave a negative review of Hellblade unless the only game types they are into are the same old crap titles that keep being recycled with updated graphics.For me this ""game"" is right up there with the best of them.Not sure why some people are having issues with the game crashing unless they are having hardware issues and haven't figured that out yet."
76561198120551365,Recommended,414340,34530367,Posted: 27 August,all,Groljin,wow... just ♥♥♥♥ing wow... the only bad part was in the end just because well it ended XD I want more... no i need more
76561197978462132,Recommended,414340,34533593,Posted: 27 August,all,101.blubb,"I'll make this one short: I heartily recommend Hellblade to all of you who are into difficult themes and topics that are usually left out in games. The game itself is on the short side and combat, to me, is its weakest part. Graphics and the overall art are superb, as is the sound design.I 100%ed the game in around seven hours with a collectible guide running on a second monitor and to me, the ride was well worth the 30€ price tag."
76561198088907971,Recommended,414340,34529509,Posted: 27 August,all,Butcher Of Blaviken,"Very good game one of my favorites of 2017. Great story, they delivered on this game I hope they make a second one. The combat was bland like everyone else said but that didn't matter they made up for that with multiple enemies. Overall I had a great experience oh and that was nice of ninja theory to trick us on permadeath :).Pros:Great storyIntriguing puzzles not to hard thoughDillionThe enemies (the dual axe guy was the best)The soundtrack (omg was so on point)Cons:CombatFps dropsCloud sync didn't work(not for me at least)Oh almost forget the boss battle with the beast that was ♥♥♥♥ing epic.9/10. Play it please"
76561197990244778,Recommended,414340,34529472,Posted: 27 August,all,huwwp-,"Thanks for the demaking the Divine Comedy into a more relatable Nordic psychosis adventure, the original book is too heavy for anything accept bashing logic into right wing nuts talking about the god in the book hating gays and women. I played this game and some ginger chick mashed whatever is left of my bitter self loathing heart into some sort of spiritual goop. I don't know if the designers wanted it to happen but the total cohesion of their vision has just destroyed any disjarred open world experience for me, so thanks for that. An exceptional achievement and I look forward to Ninja Theory breaking my heart again in the future like I'm sure my abusive girlfriend is going to do."
,Recommended,414340,34536682,Posted: 27 August,all,Ridyl,"Having just finished this game I thought I should leave a review. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is the best game I've played in a LONG time. If you're looking for a story driven game that is not only beautiful but also has excellent gameplay this is the game for you. The story is relatively short even when you delve into everything you possibly can but it is extremely well done. I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of The last of Us, Uncharted, or the Tomb Raider Series.10/10 best game I've played in months."
,Recommended,414340,34536752,Posted: 27 August,all,enviitheinsane,"I'm not one for scary games but the concept of this one was compelling enough for me to try it.  It was a great experience that has changed my perspective on some things.  I tried doing it all in one sitting which I wouldn't recommend.  For me at least it got a little overwhelming.  Like I said, I don't like scary games normally.  But I'm glad I came back and finished it.  Very cool experience."
76561198049987824,Recommended,414340,34539138,Posted: 27 August,all,Nalitis,"Simply a must have. Buy it! The game is amazing, immersive, frightening and beautiful all at the same time. Best single player game I have played this year. 101% need to play with a great headset.I ran this game on max settings with a GTX 970 card and never had issues with frame rate.Ninja Theory, I only have one question: When is the sequel??!!"
76561197998048996,Recommended,414340,34539032,Posted: 27 August,all,Wind,"The game is a masterpiece. No doubts about it. Just do not try to play it if all you want is a short escape into restfull fantasy after hard days work. Because this fantasy is totaly not restfull...Next time, can we just have an epic adventure filled with reason, sanity and internal consistency expressed through story of steadily increasing positive personal and societal evolution?"
76561198212062472,Recommended,414340,34539331,Posted: 27 August,all,Raptorbadger,The devs had a vision and they achieved it beautifully.
76561198411237194,Recommended,414340,34539738,Posted: 27 August,all,KingDubb2017,"Awesome game! This game was a great welcome into the power of the PC world. Being a console gamer all my life, I finally jumped ship and joined what the community calls the ""PC Master Race."" With settings boosted to the max, this game was damn beautiful. The audio was some of the best I have ever heard in a game. The sound effects, the voices, everything. Amazing! I would definitely recommend this purchase."
76561198166137321,Recommended,414340,34539038,Posted: 27 August,all,ARDELEANU,Allways from a indie game whit story and puzzle i dont really expect a gameplay but from this game have one and the story is amazing totally worth the money.Tips DONT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DIE and always listen the voice in from your head
,Recommended,414340,34540387,Posted: 27 August,all,Andreas,Amazing! I have only just got through the gates to hell and I am hooked. The graphics are out of this world and so so beatiful. To say that this game is atmospheric is an understatment. I have been playing with headphones on which makes me feel like the voices are in my head(lol). A must buy. Also I rarley right reviews but this games is something special.
,Recommended,414340,34531617,Posted: 27 August,all,xTerminatus,"Outstanding AAA quality game. The begining can seem a little bit slow but after the first 2 bosses things start to get phenomenal.The scenery, combat and soundtrack is just marvelous. For the fans of the Vikings series, this game will be a surprising treat!"
,Recommended,414340,34530269,Posted: 27 August,all,MorteNoir,"I've been following this game since its announcement, and had high hopes for it. Hellblade not only lived up to my expectations, it exceeded them by a mile and became one of my all-time favorite games.That being said, Hellblade isn't just a game or a ""visual novel"". It's an experience. A brilliantly crafted work of art that gives you a lot more than usual storytelling methods and gameplay mechanics. Senua's story is told at a sensory level, which makes it not simply engaging and beleivable, but also very intimate. Every Senua's emotion was my own. Her every fear transalted into my mind. Her journey was mine.Hellblade is a prime example of what videogames can (and must) be. It may not be suited to everyone's taste, but it's one of those games that everyone should try. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,414340,34531193,Posted: 27 August,all,Saintlouey,"Super immersive, combat is simple but satisfying and beautiful. Puzzle solving is a little repetative but the story telling keeps you entertained as you solve them.Love this game"
,Recommended,414340,34527723,Posted: 27 August,all,AAR!,"A really captivating story. The combat is enjoyable, and the threat of perma-death adds to the frenzy of it. I found the puzzle sections of the game to be a little repetitive, but the beautiful environments make up for this. Recommended."
,Recommended,414340,34565884,Posted: 28 August,all,Jrb1x,I've been playing games my entire life but this is my first written review. I absolutely love this game. I feel like more work could have been put into the puzzles but the story and cinematics make up for it. Please make more games!
76561198156759464,Recommended,414340,34565545,Posted: 28 August,all,Blade of downward,"Through this game I konw something about the feelling of being insane ,it's quite weird because of the light,the demons and especially the whispers.It's so haunting that I nearly heard some whispers as well during the few minutes after the game.It's awesome."
76561198122677844,Recommended,414340,34565561,Posted: 28 August,all,The Viceroy,"This game was a visceral, heart-pounding experience. Well worth the money for 10 hours of play-time."
76561197993205211,Recommended,414340,34566169,Posted: 28 August,all,Obliv1on426,"Excellent game. It is an incredibly atmospheric exploration of Norse mythology combined with a first eprson perspective of mental illness. With headphones, it was a great experience. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,414340,34563531,Posted: 28 August,all,❋Guildam❋,"Great Story, Great graphics, Great puzzles, Great Combat, Great Gameplay, Great Mechanics. Sad Bugs. Overall Great Game"
76561198048134213,Recommended,414340,34565939,Posted: 28 August,all,jonathan_t0dd,"We know from the overwhelming positive reviews that this is a pretty good game. Youve heard about how beautiful it is. It is not a bad game. I'm happy I spent my money on it, and look forward to more cinematic games with this level of detail and beauty in the future. But I'm going to highlight the flaws that lead me to get bored half way through the story line:Before I go on, I want to be clear, the boss fights were extremely fun, and this is a beautiful game to play. I recommend you try it, but I just want to give people a heads up on what to expect from the game mechanics.- Repetitive. For a long time (the 6 hours that I played, which is about 50% of the game content) you're going to fight only 2 different types of enemies plus some bosses which do mix things up, but with the hundreds of fights you have, you're going to be fighting 2 enemy classes and while beautiful, the fights get very predictable and dull, and they dont change it up: Dodge or block at the right time, get a nice counter attack, get your power up, slash the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the first type of monster, the second you cant counter attack or really block you just have to spam dodge a bunch of times, hit, doge, hit, dodge, hit. That should be like one of 10 different types of enemies, but instead these 2 enemies are spammed at you for 6 hours straight.- Weird. Unlike other story lines that you can really follow and get into and have ups and downs and relate to, care about, this is a story to be watched. Meaning because the character is crazy, while interesting, you cant relate to what's going on and there's no plot to speak of outside of this weird path of spiritual insanity. That pretty much sums up the plot.- Repetitive. Did I already say repetitive? Well not only were the enemies repetitive, the puzzles where too. There's pretty much 2 mechanics involved, just mixed up different ways, in every puzzle you face for the 6 hours I played : 1) you're going to need to follow little red particles to find a spot where a shape lines up with objects creating that shape in the environment. 2) You're going to look through a ""portal"" and through it, you see the enivironment you normally see except something new is there, or a wall/obstacle  is removed. Very cool mechanic. But when it's just that mechanic and the other one repeated over and over and over throughout the game first half of the game, it gets kinda old. To be fair, there are a few twists, every hour or so you enter a new area which also has its own puzzle mechanic, but it's usually more of the same: Match up some perpective so reality changes, and to reach the right perspective do the shape matching and portal thing a bunch of times.It can be pretty neat sometimes, you'll see. But might feel stale after 6 hours of the same few mechanics with just slight twists.So to summarize, you're going to repeatedly: dodge, block, counterattack, slash, slash, kill, repeat, walk walk walk walk, enjoy beautiful scenery, walk walk climb walk, dodge block counterattack slash slash kill repeat repeat, look through portal, walk, repeat, match glyph shape, repeat, repeat, kill, kill, walk, BOSS FIGHT!!! ... listen to crazy weird story line... REPEAT.That's really basically it. I truly very deeply enjoyed some of the boss fights, I will say that. You will enjoy this game, arguably for $30 worth. But I just wanted to provide the downsides when everyone else has already pointing out the pros."
76561197998051407,Recommended,414340,34134423,Posted: 9 August,all,killemall,"Four and a half hours into the game and I have to say this is not exactly what I was expecting, but I am pleasantly blown away by the immersion that Hellblade brings to my gaming experience.If you want a game with complex combat, loot from every mob, inventory management and a sense of 'leveling' your character in order to become powerful so you can thrash more mobs, loot more corpses and prove you are a bada$$, then this is definitely NOT the game for you. If you like the kind of games that make you go 'whew!' when you close out from playing a couple hours, immersion in a gritty yet beautiful (and simultaneously horrific) environment, a protaganist that doesn't have b@@bs the size of watermelons or a face that belongs on a supermodel, if you like 'realism' in your games and if you want to get every bit of your money's worth from a game, then this game is for you.I have played all kinds of games-rts, fps, mmo (rpg etc), platformers, rail shooters, etc and I have to say that while some people may b1tch and moan about this game being linear, being 'more of a movie than a game' and all around NOT being a fps shooter or some kind of Viking Skyrim, it is one of the best games I've played in years. Hats off to Ninja Theory for this masterpiece. Great graphics and incredible, just incredible voice-acting, along with the Norse lore given at stiles throughout the game bring this experience to a level unmatched by most of what Steam has to offer.Other reviews have gone into detail about the psychological aspects of the game. I won't add to that except to say that it's rather disturbing at times, though it does not distract from the gameplay-it enhances it in spades.The only negative comment I have about the game is the lack of mouse adjustment. I would like to be able to turn Senua a bit quicker, but I realize that this is part of the realism of the game. She doesn't sprint like she's attempting to set a record in the 100m, but for some reason she does shuffle sideways a little faster than she runs forward. Weird, huh?I had one bug/glitch when I was in a ditch (when I should not have been) and fell through the world. Glad to see that some things in games never change. Otherwise, no hitches, stumbles, artifacts or general all-around bugginess in the game so far. Run it on max if your PC will allow, your eyes and your ticker will thank you.Overall, $30 for a game of this caliber is a great deal. I've got a stable of sorry EA releases which never morphed into anything beyond something to make me want to slap the devs. I have AAA titles I paid almost twice as much for without 20% of the effort Ninja Theory put into this game. I have read books that don't create 1/3 of the sympathy for the protagonist that Hellblade has generated within me for Senua. I've decided not to rush playing through this game because it seems to stick with me after logging out. THAT is the sign of a game that is more than a game. If you are looking for a casual game to piddle away a couple of hours while WoW updates or if you're looking for a game with a stripper in a chainmail bikini fighting orcs and goblins in a Norse setting, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,414340,34128103,Posted: 9 August,all,Brascus,"So the short version of the game, is I love it. It isn't very long to finish, but it is extremely well crafted from the audio to the atmosphere, and they didn an excellent job accurately portraying the possible ways to experience psychosis.Here's the long version.  The most important thing to me is the obvious quality and attention to detail in every aspect of this game so far.  The environments are gorgeous, the character animation has real feeling, the audio is spot on, and the game play feels smooth and easy to understand.The game is essentially played in two different states.  The first is something of an exploration state.  Senua wanders through the world, navigating her environment and experiencing sudden changes in atmosphere as her psychosis causes her to hear things, or see shapes, shadows, or even physcial changes in the landscape.  This also involves solving certain puzzles by looking for shapes that match a rune to open a door, or picking your way through certain arch shaped structures that seem to change the worlds as you pass through them.The second state is a combat state that triggers when an enemy appears.  Combat took a little bit to figure out, but once I did I was able to string some combos together and dodge without too much difficulty.  It feels clean, and visceral.  If I make a mistake and get hit, I don't feel like it's because the game didn't respond, I feel like it is because I didn't do the right thing.   It is also immensely satisfying to charge in and interrupt your oppenent, cutting into them with a flurry of strikes.The last major positive to this is that the game feels original.  The madness of the character makes this an experience unlike any other I've seen so far.  This is most evident in the audio as everywhere you go, Senua is plagued by voices.  Some of them are telling you to turn back, others give advice, and still others encourage you or even warn if you if an enemy is about to attack you.  All these voices together create a feeling of chaos that breathes real life into the struggles of navigating a land you know nothing about.Now that I've completed it, I can't wait to play more of this game.  I want to see more of the environments, learn more about the story and why I'm in this scenario, and collect the remaining lorestones I don't have to learn more about the mythology.  It is a surprising breath of fresh air to play something so different in an industry that thrives on the latest craze of game genres, or new releases to an ongoing franchise."
,Recommended,414340,34581315,Posted: 29 August,all,capirex650,"Wow....just wow....Genuinly amazed at the quality of this game, audio, visual, story, it has it all. Cannot praise it enough, and loved every minute of playing it.Something everyone should experience."
,Recommended,414340,34579688,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr.Marbles,An amazing game and one of the besr I've ever playes
76561198167596491,Recommended,414340,34565046,Posted: 28 August,all,KingExcrementus,Schizophrenia Simulator 2017
,Recommended,414340,34564663,Posted: 28 August,all,Pixel Goons,"Played this game for my stream and I gotta say it is a great game.GameplayThe gameplay was great for a $30 game. It has about eight hours of game and I managed to beat it on twitch in 10 hours. The story line was great and makes you question the character and others around you. I didn't get bored of it even though there were a few small times I got frustrated. To me though it almost felt like it was a well done shell of a game that they couldn't fully complete so they finished what they had.EnemiesIt could have used a wider variety of enemies but the ones they give you look very cool and they all have different styles of fighting. Boss intros were great to watch and fit their respective titles well.FightingIf I had to compare the fighting to another game I would say it was similar too dark souls but a little easier, both parrying and rolling were forgiving. The animations for fighting were very fluid making it both feel and look badassThe focus feature that you use to change the enemies state so you can strike them was a very nice touch to the game.For someone who usually prefers to pick up different weapons and having customization it did not bother me a single bit that you couldn’t change armor nor weapons.SoundTurn it up to 11 because if you’re not listening to this game then you my friend are doing it all wrong. The sound is spectacular! When you hear thunder it feels like it’s right behind you. When the voices are whispering to you it feels like they are whispering right into your very own ears. The clashing of the swords aaah and the growls of the beast sent shivers up my spine, no actually there were a few times this game gave me goosebumps and made me nervous just because of what was happening with the audio.Would consider playing through it again."
76561198014923626,Recommended,414340,34338125,Posted: 18 August,all,charontis101,"Hell yeah I recommend this game!The atmosphere is surreal, the environment breathtaking, and the story profound. Admittedly the rune puzzles were tedious and annoying, but I wasn't there for the puzzles. The story, and character development, was enthralling from start to finish. As a side note, I really enjoyed the combat as well. Again though, it was the story, and Senua, that really made this game shine."
,Recommended,414340,34446767,Posted: 23 August,all,jacen,Senua's Sacrifice is a a well crafted unique experience that throws you into Hell itself. It's impossible to stay cold in the presence of that much expressive acting. Great work by Ninja Theory and Melina for delivering one of the best performances in 2017.
,Recommended,414340,34446666,Posted: 23 August,all,Lonewolf,This was one of the most thought provocative games I have ever played.It is an experience that I would want every storied gamer to experience.Truly a work of art.
76561198062242400,Recommended,414340,34447215,Posted: 23 August,all,Aerolin,"WOW!This is the best game I have played in a long long time. I actually stopped playing an hour in as I was so impressed I felt compelled to write this review.First off - graphically it's beautiful. The art style sets a dark and mysterious tone that perfectly compliments the gameplay and the story. Secondly the story. As of writing this review I am an hour into the game and the story is just brilliant. It asks plenty of questions to fire up your imagination and keep you guessing. A lot of modern games have taken to giving you the answers on a plate - this is NOT one of those games thankfully!This game isn't open world - it has a story to tell and it does it so well the limited play area doesnt feel like a drawback, if anything it adds to the sense of urgency/tension/danger the game creates.Now I'll be heading back into the game to play some more.Best way to play - lights off and surround sound (or headset) cranked up to max volume. It will have you looking over your shoulder and totally immersed in no time at all. I wish more AAA games were up to this standard of story telling/creating atmosphere.As for marks out of 10 - I'll give it a 20!"
,Recommended,414340,34441053,Posted: 23 August,all,The Jukes of Hazzard,NINJA THEORY PLZ GIVE US THE OPTION TO CHOOSE CHAPTERS AFTER WE BEAT THE GAME. i wanna replay my favorite parts and show friends those epic moments that will never end up being able to play the game fully but can experience at least a taste of the epicness. 9/10
76561198081818286,Recommended,414340,34445330,Posted: 23 August,all,Sean,"I really enjoyed the story, If you dont want the story for real dont get it the difficulty isnt that hard when it comes to the fighting and puzzles. But its solid gameplay just not the hardest most challenging thing ever. Its a dark twisted story but its surreal."
76561198116548053,Recommended,414340,34446436,Posted: 23 August,all,_.zinedine._,"the best game i have ever played. won't even talk much about it. just the action is great, the puzzles too and the story completely stands out. it will play with your mind and your feelings. great game!!"
,Recommended,414340,34442168,Posted: 23 August,all,Legiralle,"Well, where should I start...I bought this game some days ago and I played it on ""Hard"" difficulty, and It made the game even better.At first you don't really know what's going on, but, as you play the game, you discover what the story is all about.It's graphics are amazing and the story and gameplay are incredibly well done, and the optimization of this game is the best. Even though I was running this game at ~45fps, I couldn't even notice it.This game involves a lot of puzzles, but it also involves a lot of combat, and it's the perfect mixture between both.Since I've played it on ""Hard"" settings, it was harder for me to kill enemies, but it also made the game way better, since the combats were way more difficult and thrilling.And as I said, the story is incredibly well done, and not only that, but the game makes you immerse like if you were Senua herself. It's just incredible. All the voices, monsters, puzzles, the production really did well on that part.This game got me so interested that I literally cried at the end of it. But it also made me amazed, because it was such a good game. I definitely recommend it to anyone who's wondering if they should buy it or not.After all of that, here is my conclusions:Gameplay - 9.5/10Graphics - 10/10Story - 10/10Immersion 9.8/10Puzzle Complexity - 8/10Difficulty - 7/10 (Note: Hard mode)Overall, I'd rate it about 9/10, it was such a nice game, and I'd love it to have a sequence (even though the ending doesn't really suggest that):^)"
,Recommended,414340,34449053,Posted: 23 August,all,The_Dead_Assassin,"This game has a great story and a great use of Goðafræði (norse mythology), this game tells a great deal of the backbone off norse mythology if you care to look for it and what I have seen they did there homework with that. this game is challenging and fun and it's challenging thatshe hears voices.over all this gamethat i have seen9 out of 10buy this game and play it!you will not regret it"
76561198016589567,Recommended,414340,34450713,Posted: 23 August,all,pfeifdaddy,Where to start with this one?? Well i think you guys did an fantasic job of the graphics and audio effects. You kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time. The puzzles where simple but tasteful. Overall i would say this was the best single player game i have played since the Bioshock series. I really cannot wait until number 2 comes out..... Good work guys!!
76561198042537894,Recommended,414340,34451281,Posted: 23 August,all,SilentFear,"This game is out of this world. first off this game would have been much better if my system was working to fullest potential at the time of completion.the game was absolutly fantastic in many reguardes, first the game graphics were fantastic and held troughout cut scenes and game play alike. the game kept you on your toes with plot twists, puzzles and second guessing if what you were doing was correct.the ending was fantastic but ill let you find that out on your own.overall i would recoment this game in a heart beat and will say that you will not want to put it down. for the great price of $30, there is NO going wrong with this game."
76561198202593610,Recommended,414340,34425842,Posted: 22 August,all,Cyclone,Extraordinary
,Recommended,414340,34406073,Posted: 21 August,all,Cracknugget,"Holy sound design, Batman!Absolutely phenomenal writing and top notch sound. This game should be exclusively played in headphones.Graphically the game looks great, I was able to run everything at max without any framerate stutter, etc. (GTX 970)Completely worth every penny."
,Recommended,414340,34405959,Posted: 21 August,all,MozambiqueDrill,One emotionally wrenching moment after another. EVERYONE should play this.I don't think I could go through that ending again.
,Recommended,414340,34407962,Posted: 21 August,all,skitzothebear,"One of the best games I've ever played, and one of the most respectful representations I have ever seen of psychosis"
76561198057190315,Recommended,414340,34408085,Posted: 21 August,all,Squawkeynobyl,This is a work of art
76561198118305680,Recommended,414340,34406842,Posted: 21 August,all,s.bucher2,Outstanding and Brilliant.
76561198047297330,Recommended,414340,34406736,Posted: 21 August,all,horseloverfat,"This game is an astounding artistic achievement. That is why you should ignore the gripes about its short length -- a game this emotionally wrought cannot be any longer, any more than, say, Camus' ""The Stranger"" or Goethe's ""Sorrows of Young Werther"" or Eliot's ""The Wasteland"" need to be the same length as ""Game of Thrones"". This is not a dig at GoT, which I love, but rather an observation that some games -- say Witcher 3 -- derive their greatness from epic size and scope, while a handful achieve it through tight focus on intensity of empathy with character and environment, which cannot be sustained over dozens of hours.The characterization and environments are state-of-the-art. The story is compelling and heartbreaking, and the acting top notch. Combat is simple, and maybe not as responsive as other games, but forgiving enough. Performance was excellent on Ultra at 1920x1080 on two machines (one AMD, the other Intel/nVidia) below recommended specs, a feather in Unreal 4's cap as well as Ninja Theory's.I am glad to see Ninja Theory getting kudos for this game, as I am a big fan of Enslaved, a game with similarly great heart."
,Recommended,414340,34406251,Posted: 21 August,all,Negan,"The hardest battles are fought in the mind, not with the swordAs a lover of the psychology I might say that this game is auniqueexperience.But please, use a headphone!This piece of art puts you in the skin of a person with mental illness, driving you through a (under)worldbuilt inside the mind ofa squizophrenic girl, Senua, a celtic warrior who seeks for her dead boyfriend, Dillion.The story is extremely well told as you find piece by piece of Senua's past; what happened to her and everyone around her.The stunning graphics along with the well worked sound effects will make you feel you're Senua herself, feeling what she feels. The voices insideyourhead is the key of this game, sometimes they'll laugh at you, try to let you down, sometimes they will help you by giving you tips about the puzzles, enviroment and in battle, sometimes they'll diverge among each other. At this point the game does not disappoint. Some may complain about these voices talking all the time. But boy, oh boy, haven't you noticed that it is intended to bother you? If you can't handle some hours of voices inside your head, imagine people who have to live all their life with it...The extra stories told by Druth are quite interesting, as you delve into Norse mythology, thus knowing more about Senua's lifeAnother thing that I found quite peculiar is that the game holds no secrets from the very beginning, telling you what is going to happen no matter what, yet it got my attention from start to end.As a gamer perhaps I might say that the game has its flaws.Battle system isn't that much challenging, even on hard difficulty.Should have more types of enemies. Maybe more bosses (and harder ones, please).Game is strictly linear, though this might not be thaaat bad.But maybe nothing of this is a flaw. Perhaps it is what it is; part of the story and how Senua sees things. As it is stated in the beginning of this review.In the end, all I can say is that Ninja Theory, with a couple of people in the team were very confident with the purpose of the game and they deliver it perfectly good. I had one of the best experiences with this masterpiece.I recommend for those who loves a good well told story, something deep with meaning and something to learn. if you're looking for an agressive game, with blood nonsensely spilling everywhere, sorry but this game is not for you."
,Recommended,414340,34405859,Posted: 21 August,all,dake.3601,It{s a great game which focuses on stimulating your hearing.
76561198082307476,Recommended,414340,34405339,Posted: 21 August,all,Clarence,"I can not recommend this game enough.It is probably one of the best games I have ever played for a few reasons. And I use the term game loosely as this is less of an entertaining production and more of an experience. A very surreal one. It's immersive from the first minute and after the first 5 hours (which judging by what people have said is roughly half way through the game) it still hasn't lost that. It's disturbing, creepy, beautiful, immersive, engaging, mentally taxing and overall incredible.It's puzzles are incredibly clever. It has puzzle elements resembling your traditional pathfinding and shape recognition that gets harder as the game progresses, Portal-like puzzles that require a lot of forethought and attention to detail, as well as fun moments of combat with menacing looking enemies.The combat is simple but effective. It's not overly complicated, much like many traditional 3rd Person games, but it's still done rather well.One of my favourite parts of the game is the photo mode, allowing you to make use of all the visual effects the camera uses throughout varies cutscenes and prescripted events to produce breathtaking screenshots.I'm amazed at home such a small team produced such an amazing game, completely self funded, to such a high standard and still sell it for £25. Definitely the most worthwhile purchase in my Steam Library. Seriously, what the hell are you still doing reading this? Buy the damn game already! It's incredible!"
76561198225957732,Recommended,414340,34405004,Posted: 21 August,all,ssutton745,Visually stunning. gameplay can be slow at times but the story is very deep and flows beautifully with the intent behind the game.
,Recommended,414340,34413285,Posted: 22 August,all,J33P3l2,"Normally i don't type this long. I just go blind and buy this game without any review on the first day it release.- The facial animation is look very good- Story is good espicialy if you know some of norse gods.- The combat is a little repetitive- Puzzle part is seem normal but sometime. it make me got stuck for a while- Sound design is the best.  It's work very well with psychosis in this game. You hear whisper all the time from left, right, behind"
76561198016522394,Recommended,414340,34265392,Posted: 15 August,all,yukula34,"Didnt finish it yet but by god this is a amazing performance in story telling, acting and tension. Senua is so broken yet so resilient it makes her one of the most amazing video game characters I have seen/played in a long time. A true decent into hell that will haunt me forever ( in a good way :D )"
76561198353490750,Recommended,414340,34265434,Posted: 15 August,all,Suppa Chicken,"This game is by far one of my favorites, and I've only played about 2 hours at this point."
,Recommended,414340,34269898,Posted: 15 August,all,RealxDestiny,"10/10 -- Read below to find out why.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is definitely one of the best games I've ever played. The story is rich, Senua is a well-developed dynamic character, and the entire experience itself is something that should not be missed out on. Being able to experience and see psychosis through someone else's eyes provides an educational standpoint into the psychology of a sufferer. Several reviews posted online may suggest that this game was created solely to take advantage of a medical condition and capitalize on it for the purpose of making a buck. Truth is, various mental health sufferers have worked collaboratively on this game with Ninja Theory to provide the most authentic experience possible to educate others about the effects of strain on the human psyche (as documented within the game's clip after you beat it).IF YOU DO NOT OWN A SURROUND SOUND HEADSET, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME UNTIL YOU GET ONE. The experience is crucial to having a surround sound headset. You are able to hear statements, whispers, voices, and screams in certain ears that cannot be heard appropriately and as intended with traditional speakers or headsets. I'm not trying to say that the sound effects make the game, but it kind of does. Having this will truly immerse you into the experience, making you feel as if you are actually there. Some reviews might suggest that the game is boring, and you are simply running into rooms and fighting, running into rooms and fighting; it may seem this way to someone who has no sound playing, or not the right equipment to immerse themselves in the game. Having a headset TRULY makes you feel as if you are experiencing the game first hand. There have been multiple counts and occasions where this game has scared me out of my seat, where I then had to pause it to breathe, recover, and then continue my journey as Senua.Other reviews may suggest that the combat is bland and repetitive; I, on the other hand, was completely surprised, impressed, and blown away by the way the combat looked and operated. It requires a bit of skill to appropriately dodge, parry, and block incoming attacks to prevent damage taken. It is somewhat difficult to beat some of the enemies on the default difficulty setting, but with enough experience and practice, it does ease up some, but enemies will become more difficult by the end of the game.Last but not least, the visuals are breathtaking. The graphics make this game LOOK real. The design of Senua is jaw-dropping. Environments are detailed, with fleshed-out foliage and intricate puzzles that make each ""stage"" of the game different.For a price point of $29.99, you cannot beat a one-of-a-kind experience unlike anything you have seen before (in a video game).Please purchase this game. It will definitely take you on a trip you probably have never been on before."
,Recommended,414340,34277580,Posted: 16 August,all,RoyalForge,Awesome game! Totally recommend this to anyone!
76561197978314031,Recommended,414340,34277483,Posted: 16 August,all,Brown Lightning,"I really haven't gotten too far in this game as of writing this. I like it so far. The game. But I am very picky with how I play my games,. First off this game won't run in 4k unless it is in borderless window. No matter how much I have messed with setting in game and in Nvidia control panel, in full screen it keeps reverting my TV back to 1080 even though the game says it is in 2160. The only 4k I get in full screen is the unreal engine splash at the beginning, then my tv goes black and when the title screen comes up, you can visually see it is in 1080. My tv info says it is in 1080 but the games menu says it is not. Kind of disappointing.The sound is another issue I have. It is fine and dandy with how they recorded it but I don't use headphones, ever, while I game. Why would I when I have a home theater set up that rivals most movie theaters. I put a lot of money into my sound and well, binaural audio has always sounded ""off"" coming through 5.1 - 7.1 systems.. I get why the recorded it that way, but it should have been optimized for those of us not wanting to sacrifice sound.. idk.. I mean it does sound good through my speakers.. but all of the audio is up front with hardly anything being sent to the back channels. The creators could have used the back channels of multi speaker set ups to really create something unique.. it just baffles me that they only thought about the use of headphones.. no single set of headphones will ever rival a home theater with the proper components..The gameplay is a bit sluggish, combat is a lot of the same stuff over and over.. I know the story is the main thing here but if that was the case, a little less combat would have seemed to suit things better.. I do like this game so don't get me wrong.. but it does need a few tweaks here and there."
,Recommended,414340,34274684,Posted: 16 August,all,Potatus Tomatus Greenbeanius IV,"The game was so good, I thought I'm having psychosis. 10/10."
76561198041279250,Recommended,414340,34274667,Posted: 16 August,all,K_rabbit_NL,"An incredible journey through a Nordin Mythelogical land and one girl's terribly troubled mind.Highly recommend playing this game if you're into engaging stories and worlds and like to be immersed in a character and their tale.The game made me feel uneasy, scared, emotional and gave me a deeper and better understanding of what it's like having a severe mental psycosis. On top of that the combat, albeit not the deepest, is quite challenging and highly satisfiying.Lastly there are some great visuals and musical scores on display here. The visuals are very fitting and are gorgeous in more than one way (often in a non-traditional sense, you'll see what I mean when you play it).  The soundtrack, although not always prevelant, is there, and when it is, it's gripping and very good.Overall I highly recommend this game!PS: Play this with a headset to really get the full experience!"
76561198067501886,Recommended,414340,34278092,Posted: 16 August,all,philipkdick,10/10 truly amazing
,Recommended,414340,34337735,Posted: 18 August,all,Dwight Schrute,"This game is definitely an interesting take on psychosis and schizophrenia. Visuals great, combat great, story great. Loved it all the way through."
76561198014303823,Recommended,414340,34338837,Posted: 18 August,all,☩♋☩ Jack Sparrow,"I have no idea how am I going to play another story-driven video game after this.And I can't even call it story-driven because it is more than that.It is an immersion, a deep dive into someone else's reality. All thanks to an amazing cast's acting, amazing performance friendly graphics and 3d stereo sounds.And the sounds! Gosh never have I seen a game with so many handcrafted sounds.Voice acting is of top quality as well, argueably the best I have ever seen in video games.I would like to express my personal and biggest gratitude to everyone behind the game.Please, release soundtracks for the game, I would sure love to have it."
76561198012299467,Recommended,414340,34339755,Posted: 18 August,all,jwood2356,This is an absolutely amaizing game to play and watch.  Its like watching a movie while being integrated into it.  I love challenges and this game on definitely gives you one due to there being no tutorial and no help at all.  Its also one of the best looking games ii've ever seen.
,Recommended,414340,34343071,Posted: 18 August,all,zeky.os,This is an awesome game!
76561197970769156,Recommended,414340,34477081,Posted: 25 August,all,Sir Riously,"OK, I've played only about 1.5hrs now but this game is just right in every possible way.Storytelling, graphics, sound engineering, combat system, puzzles, controls. Everything falls in place beautifully and it transports you to a different world from the very first moment.This is a masterpiece.It is not usual that we see stuff like this.Bravo Epic Games. You have done it."
,Recommended,414340,34476781,Posted: 25 August,all,StubbornSlave,"Honestly, the original trailers back in 2015 looked much better than the outcome, in my opinion. Of course, I am comming from the DmC lovers perspective. The original teaser in 2015 showed a more speedy, skilled swordswoman relative to enslaved or DmC. Eventually, i feel, that changed with the real time facial recognition software they used to capture all of Senua's facial expressions, aka, top row teeth always showing lady.... REALLY? We couldn't have had her mouth closed more often? Right, anyway... This route they took seemed to slow the pace down in the fighting sector. SO, if you are a fan of enslaved and DmC, get ready for more of a slower version of Heavenly Sword. If that is your thing/pace, then you will LOVE this game. YES, this is a positive review... Here's why. The enviroment, the graphics, Ninja Theory, the storyline(ish), the weather effects, the ambient sounds, the soundtrack, and just the overall stunning peice of artwork Ninja Theory has created once again. One thing I love about Ninja Theory, is they somehow use Unreal engine, and produce games that do not look like the run of the mill game produced on Unreal. They make the graphics their own, rather than just use generic poly models slightly edited. This game, imo, is almost like Ninja Theory's example to some of the bigger companies, like bandai and capcom, of just how amazing they can make games look and feel now with the new Unreal engine. DmC 2 time................ PLEASE PLEASE PRETTY PLEASE....................  So yes overall those would be the reasons I would reccomend this game. Yes the puzzles are repetetive. Sure the exploration is lacking. The fighting could have used some more varients. But truely, this masterpiece should be the shinning example for larger companies to pick up Ninja Theory once again on a huge title. Thanks!"
76561198120295001,Recommended,414340,34493966,Posted: 25 August,all,soullessginger,Just beat hellblade. That's mentally challenging game for sure. Can recommend thou if ur going through stuff stay away from this game. It turns the mental state of the main character into a twisted mess that comes from a mental disorder and other factors in her life. Its a dark look on what a mind can do to a person but I enjoyed every second of the game.
,Recommended,414340,34469722,Posted: 24 August,all,freeloder123,Interesting take on madness.
,Recommended,414340,34471236,Posted: 24 August,all,Frosty Okazaki,This is one of if not the best game I have ever played. Gets a bit dull in the middle with a lack of combat but is fantastic from start to finish.
,Recommended,414340,34471460,Posted: 24 August,all,SE the Abyss Walker,"I thought they were kidding about the permadeath, but nope the game straight up deleted my save when i died at the very end. I'm looking forward to my next no death attempt."
76561198035492596,Recommended,414340,34476277,Posted: 25 August,all,NL2012,True Work of Art ! a must have for every true gamer. 10/10
76561198032502616,Recommended,414340,34476034,Posted: 25 August,all,i_i_v_o,"Finally, after all these years I found IMMERSION again. This game is a work of art.The visual composition of levels, the quality of the graphic are awesome. The sound work needs it's own level of praise. From the binaural effects to the soundtrack, everything flows so naturally that it feels as part of the world, as opposed to just being pieces of development. Headphones are really, really recommended. The way the sound jumps from left to right to behind is something that must be experienced.The voices in Senua's head are the second most important and well build character (after Senua herself).The UI is a minimalist dream come true. There is no UI. It is beautiful, because everything works, and there is no need for anything else to be added. No more ""Press ""C"" to crouch"" near every boulder. Simple controls, clear feedback from the environment. All that is needed.Some criticized the combat because it is too simple and not uniformly distributed throughout the game. Personally i feel that for a game of this length, the complexity of the combat is enough. Simple slash, heavy slash, dodge, block and kick. Some basic combos, that flow naturally. There is no need for more. No unlockable special actions, no super-finishers. Because this game is a tale of a plausible warrior woman. The combat is plausible. It's something a regular fit woman or man could do. And as far as the distribution of the combat, again this feels natural in the context of the story. Some parts are without combat, and that is good.And a big THANK YOU to Ninja Theory for not making Senua half naked with huge breasts."
,Recommended,414340,34476012,Posted: 25 August,all,p^,What an experience
,Recommended,414340,34478384,Posted: 25 August,all,jora,"I'm not a fan of the title.They may as well have called it Schizophrenia Simulator 2018: Viking Edition...Whilst the combat is fun, its pretty easy even on hard. Theres a perma death mechanic if you die too often but I havent died more than twice and I have heard of people dying 50 times without suffering permadeath.Everything else, however.This is a special game. The attention to detail is out of this world. Its a brave production that takes on heaps of new ideas and themes and polishes them to perfection.The character model is the best I have ever seen created, period. The animation and voice acting is a performance in itself. The enviroments are truly haunting. Everything is peiced together brilliantly to let this game totally get to you. You will wince when senua gets hit. You will feel distressed when she catches fire and convincingly screams as she believes she is being burned alive. The suffering Is disturbing, in a good way.The game will make your skin crawl if you play it properly. You must play this game with headphones.You must play it when nobody will distract you, by yourself.Best $30 I've spent this year."
,Recommended,414340,34468602,Posted: 24 August,all,SteelYaoi,Really compelling game that's great-looking and has awesome audio (wack the volume up and wear headphones to be creeped out). Simple movement/fighting mechanics but with smooth animations transitioning between actions immerse you into the world really nicely. Looking forward to playing more after my first hour!
,Recommended,414340,34468813,Posted: 24 August,all,Arterion,"WHAT THE HELL DID I JUST PLAY?!Hellblade is unlike anything I've ever played before, and defies classification. Never in my life has a game wormed its way into my head like this one: its crushing atmosphere is emotionally exhausting, but deeply compelling, and I couldn't help but press on. The delivery of the story and exposition of some characters is quite unique, and it's a bit of a shame that some of them can be missed, but hey, that's what second playthroughs are for, right?Senua's Sacrifice is gritty, brooding, and terrifying at times, but strangely comforting when I think back on the experience as a whole. It manage to expose hope through portrayals of bleakness; strength though self-doubt; and ultimately light through darkness - the juxtaposition is frankly masterful. I was in floods of tears by the end of the final cutscene, and I can't quite express why.Do yourself a favour - turn the lights off, plug in your headphones, and immerse yourself in this extraordinary game."
76561198043416070,Recommended,414340,34467954,Posted: 24 August,all,waxamillion,"The game was certainly a great experience. Amazing atmosphere and a fantastic story that had me thinking about it after I beat the game, as well as fun combat and interesting puzzles. Though those same puzzles did kind of start to drag towards the end but that is a minor complaint when compared to teh whole experience."
76561198304924473,Recommended,414340,34467388,Posted: 24 August,all,Big_Burritos,"It's been years since ive played a single player game. This game is a good pick. Combat is awesome, the story is unique and extremely rich. This game is also a representation of what it is like to have psychosis and mental illness.Short game play but worth every penny."
,Recommended,414340,34477998,Posted: 25 August,all,laddins,"It's hard for me to go back to a normal game now.. I've read in another review that it is an experience and I totally agree. It's beautiful, stunning and story rich. You've gotta play it for yourself."
,Recommended,414340,34478278,Posted: 25 August,all,aurifyandfake,"Fantastic graphics, great playability, amazing story 10/10"
76561198035775959,Recommended,414340,34511789,Posted: 26 August,all,Rook X2 aka kris,"I loved the experience, can't recommend this game enough!"
76561198043001195,Recommended,414340,34506869,Posted: 26 August,all,Pumma,good game but has game breaking glitches which has turn me off from playing it atleast antill its fixed
76561197988193570,Recommended,414340,34506202,Posted: 26 August,all,Gyilko$,"One of the best games i have ever experienced.It is beautiful in every way. The graphics, the motion capturing, the sounds, the voices, the story and last but not least the feeling. I bet this is the best way to experience mental illness and get some understanding of it.You won't regret buying this game. It is unique art."
76561197996909330,Recommended,414340,34317577,Posted: 17 August,all,MsFrizzlesFieryBush,Great from start to finish.
76561198028254355,Recommended,414340,34317598,Posted: 17 August,all,m00ndrifter,"This game is a bit slow to start, but the reveals they seed through it are fantastic. 9 hours of gameplay is what I got out of it, but I don't regret it at all. The experience is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone. Watch the video it has afterwards that talks about the making of the game. It sheds a lot of light on the events of the game and makes it a more satisfying experience."
76561198413320148,Recommended,414340,34327588,Posted: 18 August,all,GrimXaos,"The game play was amazing with great graphics. The game is so immersive with the character you lose your self, it really makes you see and feel for the the character. Also shows great awareness for people with psychosis and their struggles. These guys really put their heart and sould into the game."
76561198003645886,Recommended,414340,34329666,Posted: 18 August,all,arcane.fool.of.a.took,Brilliant.Don't judge this game after an hour of gameplay. Everything ramps up and becomes way more intense the further you get in the game. The combat may seem basic and easy at first but becomes truly challenging later on. Puzzles also become more intricate and keep adding new elements.One of the best and most engaging stories I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,414340,34334260,Posted: 18 August,all,blackeclipsevii,"This is a linear-story game with light, repetative puzzle elements. I have a hard time recommending this to everyone, as there are numerous mechanical flaws that detract from the experience itself. The rune-based puzzles are simply a dry to-do to extend the experience. The final third of the game is by and large the most enjoyable chunk, but I don't see the majority of players getting that far.Never, did I find myself having fun. However, I always came back for more.Story / experience alone is worth it. After finishing I almost immediately restarted the game in order to experience it with a new perspective. Definitely a love / hate relationship."
,Recommended,414340,34333636,Posted: 18 August,all,DOCTOR HOMOSEX,One of the most emotionally powerful and visually stunning games I've ever played. The meditations on mental illness fit perfectly well into a genuinely heartfelt story based around norse mythology and visions of the underworld. Amazing music and visceral combat tie everything together into a package that is completely unique and absolutely essential.
76561197969310825,Recommended,414340,34333561,Posted: 18 August,all,MisterToolbox,"Not without its faults and occasional frustrations (I won't venture to say that they're all intentional like some professional reviews), but an utterly fantastic experience. A real landmark achievement in storytelling - you owe it to yourself to play this."
,Recommended,414340,34334127,Posted: 18 August,all,Misok,"First of all I must say that this is not ""traditional"" game. No, you will not be playing as Celtic warrior on an epic quest slaughtering your way through hordes of northmen. Some say it is yet another walking simulator. Yes, you could say it is closer to walking simulator than some traditional 3rd person action game. Large portion of the game consists of walking and experiencing the world around you accompanied by the voices the main character Senua hears. Yes, if you hadn't found out already, Senua has severe mental illness and sees, hears things that may not be actualy there. Combined with top notch motion capture performed by Melina frmo Ninja Theory, you are going to experience exceptional one of a kind story.As for the other game mechanics there are puzzles that may be frustrating ocasionally, but most of the time you will have no trouble solving them. Then there is combat. It is I would say the least important aspect of this game and may serve as a filler. It is pretty straight forward and not so hard to master, but it can still be source of most frustration when you get killed after very long fight defeating many enemies and then you have to start over. My advice is, if it starts to get frustraing, set the difficulty from Auto to normal or every easy, so you can progress more easily and get to experience story which is the essnetial part of the game.As for technical state of the game, I personally have experienced massive FPS drop in a particular areas of the game with my AMD RX480 card, but as of writing this review, patch is already out that seems to fix performance issues for users with AMD cards.I highly recommend this game to everyone who is at least a bit open minded and doesn't shy away from experiencing something different. For those of you who love good story drive games this is a must, for those of you who expect God of War or DMC, this is not like it, but still give it a go!"
76561198323846790,Recommended,414340,34320795,Posted: 17 August,all,Aldrich,good
,Recommended,414340,34322120,Posted: 17 August,all,WyattNelsonGames,easily my favorite game of 2017
,Recommended,414340,34485607,Posted: 25 August,all,Jabberwocky,"Hoo.Okay, take a moment to understand that some video games are not something you play because you want to beat them.  Not all video games are products of their mechanics.  Not every video game is something you can master, something you can tweak, something you can optimize.Some video games are experiences that you can live through.This is the case with Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice.  This is a game that, while mechanically-competent, beautifully rendered, excellently voiced and magnificently orchestrated, it is not a game ABOUT those things.  It is not a game that is, through its mechanics or its graphics or its acting, impressive.What is impressive is the opportunity you get to see the world through someone else's eyes.  What is impressive is the experience you get by being put into the shoes of someone who is, above all else, not at home in their own mind.  The game is quick to inform you that this game is a portrayal of psychological complexities and disorders.  Honestly, I felt this ""warning"" was somewhat frivolous.  Within minutes of starting the game you know that Senua is not well.  You know that she is not safe.  You know that she is going to go through hell.Beyond this, the game is impossible to speak about without spoilers that ruin the best and most engaging part of it - the experience.  Play this game.  Play it.  Listen, feel, understand."
76561198008400080,Recommended,414340,34507963,Posted: 26 August,all,Uncle Sam,I love the game the psychosis shown here Is frighting and beautifull in its own way. The combat may be a little simple for some but since the game revolvs around the story it is for me a clear must buy game for every story lover!
,Recommended,414340,34513376,Posted: 26 August,all,KnightedAce,"At first I wasn't sure if I was going to like or love this game when I started playing it until I did.  This is an amazing work of art in all aspects one could want in a game.  I was completely emersed into not only the story, but graphics, audio, and every little detail about the game from the start.  I decided to play this game at Hard, which was crazy for me, but I'm glad I did due to the combats and time given to solve certain puzzles.  It also made me think about the combat rather than hack and slash in most games in the past.  I would highly recommend this game hands down and one of my favorite games of 2017.  The audio with headset is a must to really feel the role at all times and will drive your viewers crazy :)  (no pun intended).  Surely will be not a let down..."
76561198016330046,Recommended,414340,34513640,Posted: 26 August,all,Doan,"What a journey. This is, without doubt, the best Game i played in a long Time. The Story, the atmosphere, every brutal and disturbing thing in this game so perfectly arranged, that after finishing it, you need to take a break and maybe hug someone. And , if you see all the background informations, lets you reconsider how you see mental illness, after getting confronted with it by yourself. WORTH. EVERY. PENNY. 11/10 Good work Ninja Theory."
,Recommended,414340,34513323,Posted: 26 August,all,KyleTheRev,"I went into this game knowing it was a psychological type game, and nothing else. And i had never really gotten into these type games before, But only five minutes in i was hooked. Hellblade has an AWESOME story. Its not too long of a game (About ten hours), but you could explore more than i did. I would highly recomend this game to anyone who likes paying attention to storylines, and figuring things out. Theres puzzles, secrets, illusions, and more in this game. And every one of them is intriguing. I wouldnt be suprised it this becomes game of the year. Don't miss out! Oh, and WEAR HEADPHONES! You'll thank me later!"
76561197972995047,Recommended,414340,34512991,Posted: 26 August,all,Coup d' oeil,"Hellblade is a  perspective puzzle game with bouts of combat. The combat is easy (had the game on hard). With no stamina meter, all you need to do is roll, hold the run button, and smash attack. I died once. With the focus ability and the second chance mechanic, the game is no challenge for a tactical fighter vet. This game is made for everyone to finish it. You play this game for the story which is interesting but didn't blow me away. What did blow me away was the sound design. Being an audiophile  this game was nirvana  with my planar headphones. The transient sounds in this game are mind blowing. Because I'm an audiophile, and everything else  sound wise was so top notch, not having splash sounds when she stepped  in puddles got on my nerves. In closing the MEAT of this game is PUZZLE solving and STORY, with fights injected to  break up the puzzles. That being said I still had a good time with it. I'm glad I experienced  it"
76561197986203618,Recommended,414340,34505207,Posted: 26 August,all,Seibaa,"One of the better games and purchases of the year.  Really refreshing to have a game that doesn't hold your hand and you even have to check the key mappings / controller setup yourself from the menus (gasp!). Although, at first you have no idea how some of the puzzles work, you just kind of accidentally work them out, it's still better than having prompts on the screen etc.The game represents mental issues really well and combat is very personal and fun. I was surprised for the game to be as scary as it was, but even though I'm not that good at horror games, I really enjoyed it and have to recommend it if you like psychological stuff.It took me 7 hours to complete it, but I couldn't imagine it to much longer than that, without it getting long winded. It's not a full priced title after all. All in all, excellent way to spend the 7 hours you get and I think I'm going to have a another go at it now that I get how the combat works."
,Recommended,414340,34505055,Posted: 26 August,all,Ned,"Great storytelling with combat done right. It's definitely one of the best games I've ever played, and a strong contender for GOTY. The only thing I didn't like was the repetitive use of the same puzzle mechanic in between levels."
76561198066553474,Recommended,414340,34676120,Posted: 1 September,all,Trustno1,"Buy buy buy! Next level of story telling his here.Visually pleasing however its the audio surround sound that pairs with story telling that really gets me going. The story reels you in and you feel like you want to play more to find out what happens. Not just play for fun and see what happens like some games. The gameplay is pretty basic for this type of game with a linear path to follow. There is combat that can be a challenge to begin with but nothing fancy, so don't expect DMC. There are also puzzles along the way thay bring a challenge to the game.With all of these combined and for a cheaper price of £24ish who can complain?I'm glad i (my wife) bought it."
,Recommended,414340,34677383,Posted: 1 September,all,Joos,"Senua is a Pict warrior on a vision quest deep into Norse conquered Orkney. What sets Hellblade apart from normal action adventure games is that Senua is suffering from severe psychotic mental illness. This is experienced by the player through amazingly creative and sometimes disturbing visuals, but also by what can only be described as the most impressive audio design in a game I've experienced so far. Ninja Theory have used several experts and professors to give a genuine experience of what it’s like to hear and experience what it’s like to have voices in your head. Headphones are not recommended, a set of headphones are REQUIRED to experience this game fully.The visual puzzling elements are interesting at start, but after a while get a bit tedious, but aren’t too hard to halt progression. The action elements are a mix between your typical brawler but with dark soulsy elements as well, and is both challenging and fun. As an interactive narrative experience, Hellblade is just excellent on the whole and I can’t recommend it enough."
,Recommended,414340,34675794,Posted: 1 September,all,dckyy,A truly wonderful experience. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,414340,34687705,Posted: 2 September,all,RTTN,Celtic psychosis simulator 10/10
,Recommended,414340,34687425,Posted: 2 September,all,smilligan93,"This game is absolutely amazing. The story was intense and well written, and keeps you wondering what is actually happening. The atmosphere is perfect, the combat is exhilarating, and the puzzles are just complex enough to make it enjoyable without being agravating.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves getting lost in a story."
,Recommended,414340,34687308,Posted: 2 September,all,underthumb,"Hellblade is a beautiful game that challenges you to live inside the head of a woman suffering from severe psychosis. It is emotionally arresting, passionate, and unique. You will be better for having played it."
,Recommended,414340,34674411,Posted: 1 September,all,Ashley,Really amazing game. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,414340,34673612,Posted: 1 September,all,JamesTRobot,69 minutes in and I am in awe. This game is a masterpiece!i7 920 @ 2.67Ghz12GB DDR3 1066 RAMGTX 960 OC
76561198233489484,Recommended,414340,34674120,Posted: 1 September,all,The Jok3r,"Really enjoyed this title. Beautiful graphics and an interesting story, they've also done a great job with the psychotic voices prattling on around your head. Good set of headphones really makes it feel like you're nuts."
,Recommended,414340,34673849,Posted: 1 September,all,Technolyze72,"This Game is like taking a tumble down an acid laced Rabbit hole. This is one of those times when it's okay to listen to that voice in your head telling you to BUY this Title. A word of warning, This game is NOT for everyone, the combat mostly serves as an engine to drive the Story, meaning fighting will only leave you mildly satisfied. The find the Rune based puzzles left me frustrated most of the time, though after watching the featurette I understand why they have them though I still think they are overused. and the fact that the Protagonist suffers from a form of psychosis may turn a few people away (I actually found the voices to be helpful). None the less, I thought the game was an Awesome Experience and a refreshing (as well as  illuminating) take on the whole tortured Hero Narrative. Buy the game, support these Devs so that others will find the courage to experiment with IP's like this in the future. Remember the Matrix when all those people walked out of the movie within the first 45 minutes only to find out that they missed out on an incredible movie, Hellblade is like that. The first few hours are kinda Meh but things really take a turn for the better after you make it pass the first Two Boss fights."
76561198137679801,Recommended,414340,34674017,Posted: 1 September,all,eddardstark112,great game!
76561198384734654,Recommended,414340,34674241,Posted: 1 September,all,trevizojacqueline,"The creators did a fantastic job bringing Senua's story to life. ""The hardest battles are fought in the mind"" sums up the main idea of this game and the meaning behind it makes this game so worth playing. The graphics are stunning the story can make you very teary eyed and the combat is smooth. I enjoyed it so much even though it gave me anxiety sometimes. ps: I think the perma-death thing was only there to strike fear in thy heart, but do not fret child, its no big deal."
,Recommended,414340,34672434,Posted: 1 September,all,Sergally,"Absolutely love the storytelling in this game. It is an incredibly bneautiful game and I'm a sucker for the mythology woven into the story, the ONLY drawback is that the subtitles don't mastch up with the dialog 100%. There are bits of subtitles that aren't in the dialoag and vice versa. However at the end of the day the gameplay and storytelling make up for that small discrepancy. 9/10 from me."
76561198003883195,Recommended,414340,34672202,Posted: 1 September,all,Gabberstein,So good. 10/10
76561197979823984,Recommended,414340,34693210,Posted: 2 September,all,Xzio The Fey,"Wow, the most atmospheric game that I have played in a very long time. So enlightening to the struggles of psychosis. This is a must play game.The graphics and scenery are amazing. I also love the photo mode that pauses the game and allows you to move the camera around to take pictures."
,Recommended,414340,34688041,Posted: 2 September,all,Dasya,"An excellent game about a celtic warrior with psycosis on a journey to save her lover's soul from Hel, and possibly save herself along the way. Much research was done by the devs to portray this mental illness as accuratly as possible, from hearing voices, seeing patterns in everyday objects, and the stigma surrounding mental illness.Combat is simple, but not bad. There's no tutorial, so hit up the options before starting to check out the controls.Headphones are a must. Yes, yes, we've seen many video games say headphones are recommended, but with Hellblade, they're serious when they say it. The audio, specifically the voices the main characters hears, are just as important in this game as the visual effects and story telling. Some voices are near offering advice; others farther away and fearful of your decisions; some are next to you on your left shoulder, doubting your entire journey and saying you will fail."
76561198324503025,Recommended,414340,34768737,Posted: 5 September,all,tresmantra,"How much courage and strength do you have to fight not only the gods of Norse mythology, but your inner demons? Will you continue to stand and persevere, or will you succumb to darkness and psychosis? This is a game about fighting until you have nothing left to give.This was one of the most intense and breathtaking experiences I've ever had in gaming. The graphics and story are superb; the combat was fun and exciting (especially the boss fights). The only thing I didn't fully enjoy were the puzzles. I *must* recommend this game. Giving it a solid A. I'll be watching this game designer in the future. Props for creating a masterpiece."
,Recommended,414340,34763366,Posted: 5 September,all,Master Splinter,"It has been a VERY long time since I've played a game where the story gripped me as much as Hellblade did!It's so rich, dark, twisted, enlightening, sad, hopeful, and fullfilling. Not only was the story epic but the graphics are intense! The use of the Unreal Engine 4 really brings life to Senua and her emotions. The details in the facial features makes the player really feel what she feels. In each section, or chapter if you will, it touches on so many fears that everyone of us faces and shows how those fears are amplified in someone who may have psychosis. Fear of what's not there, of the dark, heights, fire, demons, loss, disappointment, love, and so many more. You feel frantic, panicked, relief, stress, and the impulses to run, to flee, to fight, and to cower. All of this is accomplished through incredible lighting, the weather, the top notch music, the voices in your ears, and the visuals of the surrounding area. The fact that Ninja Theory took on the controversial subject of psychosis, a taboo topic that most would rather just ignore, shouts some serious guts. Not only did they dive into the realm of psychosis, they take the player with them. The voices with the other amazing sounds they put into this game almost feel like you are going insane too.As far as the gameplay, it's not terribly challenging and some might think it very slow. The puzzles are relatively simple and the fights are pretty straight-forward but these do not detract from this game. The fighting is, to me, very fluid, almost cinematic. The parrying into sword swipes, the chaining of combos, and the ability to use focus to make time almost stand still and be come a blade master, sending a flurry of swipes and weaving through enemies as you dispatch them.I don't have enough praise for Ninja Theory! This game is so incredibly well done that I look forward to other titles the studio releases. If you have the chance, you really should give Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice a chance and try to see it though to the end. It's not a very long game but you'll be glad you played it!"
76561198006933437,Recommended,414340,34767401,Posted: 5 September,all,backbone,The gaem is unbelievably amazing .The sound effects I never experianced something like this before.
76561198035948999,Recommended,414340,34760749,Posted: 5 September,all,misslindeborg,"Although a short one, this is without doubt the best game I´ve ever played. When I first heard about this game, while it was still in progress I was so thrilled. Because of the elements of mental disorders and trauma and psychosis, mostly, but also  because of the female charatcer. After playing this and getting to know Senua and being a part of her, and her journey I love it so much more.  Because she is strong and because she is weak. Because she is afraid, yet fearless. Determined, yet lost.Gushing aside, I would highly reccomend this game. Like I said, it is a short game. But it is beautiful, and so enthralling and complete and utter emotional torture. The nordic lore and mythology in the game is very interesting and accurate.  All in all it´s an amazing game. I would reccomend playing it when you are alone, and no risk of being disturbed or inturupted and play in complete darkness with good headphones so that you get the best experience."
76561198024193907,Recommended,414340,34704183,Posted: 2 September,all,iNDY,"THIS GAME IS SO GOOD, WOULD BUY AGAIN TO SUPPORT THE DEVS.1. RICH STORY2. I WOULD SAY DAMN GREAT STORY TELLING3. AUDIO AND VISUALS IS A M A Z I N G4. I NOW HAVE PHYCOSIS FROM ALL THE CRAZY GOOD EYE CANDYIF YOU HAVE ANY DOUBTS ON BUYING THIS AMAZING SOLO STORY GAME JUST BUY IT!"
76561198061916269,Recommended,414340,34153922,Posted: 10 August,all,Ayzura,"This game is the one which actually took the risk to make the whole story based on mental health and this is really succeeded.Seeing actual character's reality due to trauma mixed with memories seems perfect to represent the psychos through a video game. There's a sentence I didn't forgot and I think thats the perfect one to represent what they wanted to convey and it was something like, ""My father told me that the hardest fight wasn't with a sword, but in the mind"".An indie game worked as it is, is a wonder.If u want to play an immersive and psychological game, here it is"
,Recommended,414340,34592447,Posted: 29 August,all,z4nid,"Another fine example of what its possible when unleashing the latent potential of videogames.Hellblade puts you inside Senua's schizophrenic, mind but it's not just another psychological horror. It actually marries the subject of psychosis perfectly with the historical context set on the Viking age, an age of pagan gods, ruthlessness and superstition. This merciless world makes Senua's often doubt her perception, not just because of her condition, but because of the inborn superstition which gripped all of humanity during the dark ages.But superstition alone doesn't make it any less merciless for Senua, who needs to struggle with her past and the cold, unforgiving present. The game actually makes you feel in your skin the journey she must face. The experience is so real and haunting, it actually makes you physically fatigued - not because of the gameplay, but because of real psychological stress the game constantly puts you through.Hellblade is definitely the engrossing experience of the year, for me personally, and for many others. It fulfills the basic obligations of any game, with satisfying combat and plenty of exploration, but it goes far beyond. Anyone playing can see right away in the first 5 minutes of play-though that this is no ordinary game, it's an experience. For me, this is where I draw the line when a game stops being just a game, and becomes art."
76561198061965860,Recommended,414340,34625929,Posted: 30 August,all,MadKoala,"Thank you, Ninja Theory. Now I hear voices."
,Recommended,414340,34648154,Posted: 31 August,all,Megafreak,the voices didnt stop after i finished playing...
,Recommended,414340,34644038,Posted: 31 August,all,Fevian,<3
,Recommended,414340,34646511,Posted: 31 August,all,BobNob2,If you have not played it. you need to. It is every thing it claims to be and nothing less. but nothing more. i hope we get more intryes from NT in the future.
76561197971427263,Recommended,414340,34645970,Posted: 31 August,all,glenn,"This game is fantastic, it encompasses what I am looking for in a game, that is fun interspersed, with beautiful artwork and scenery with a cool story on top, these are also the perfect ingredients for a holiday but  I digress.The combat could be tweaked (less buttons for old Quake players like myself) but for the first outing I can`t complain.And forgive me but Senua seems to be a bit bosseyed, detracting form the seriousness of her situation, I mean she`s in deep♥♥♥♥♥♥♥really.Any way at 25 quid what are you waiting for, apart from a new graphics card :)...Cheers and  N-JOI...Glenn."
,Recommended,414340,34646407,Posted: 31 August,all,weerax,"Well, I'm simply delighted with this game. It's dark, deep and meaningful. The graphics are on par, as well as the motion capture. The combat is simple, but effective, the puzzles are quite good, but not schizm-impossible and illogical. The atmosphere... took my breath. Especially the voices. If you are planning on playing without headphones, don't.If you like this type of dark, immersive story, buy it. If you're not so sure, buy it on sale. It's one of those games I wish I forget so I can play it again. I'm looking forward to seeing if they make a sequel of sorts."
,Recommended,414340,34646994,Posted: 31 August,all,littleshadows,"Such an incredible game. Combat, while fun and challenging in the later stages, is secondary to the story, so do not expect a hack and slash playground. This game is about Senua's journey and allowing you to experience it at a deep level. This is one of those few games that many of the dramatic moments will stay in my memory for a very long time, along with the way her story moved me.I had no technical issues playing on 4K with a GTX1080 with the preset at ""high"" and didn't run into any glitches other than the occasional camera figuring out what to do when I was too close to a wall.I cannot recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,414340,34323824,Posted: 18 August,all,Ihsahn,Trust me. YOU NEED THIS GAME IN YOUR LIFE!
,Recommended,414340,34654409,Posted: 1 September,all,Morphine,"Story heavy, with a mixture of combat and puzzles mixed in. Maps varied nicely but puzzles a little repetitive.Spooky at times."
,Recommended,414340,34639006,Posted: 31 August,all,Your_Gothic,"Hellblade is a phenomenal achievement for what it is: a $30 game that is birthed out of passion and created with a lot of care and devotion. It has the spit and polish of a big title and but the scope is containted so the focus of the game remains clear. It tells a twisted, cruel, gritty, and downright horrifying story that is iterwoven with terrific art and disturbing imagery.The game also uses audio like no game has before, employing 3D audio to impress the feeling of psychosis where the voices in the lead character's head feels as real as they would in yours. At times, those voices can feel a bit too close, a bit too real, and their constant bikering and negativity can be depressing, so I do implore caution for those that might get affected by it easily.Both the visuals, audio and some incredible acting executes an ""experience"" that's worth having. It's dense, dark and full of terrors, which will leave you breathless and horrified. Top props to the level ""Sea of Corpses"" for being one of the most creepiest levels I have ever played in a video game.The game isn't without drawbacks, however. The puzzles - where you have to find symbols in environments to open doors - is done with enough repetition that it gets boring real quick. By the end of the game, it was a chore to do, and they aren't as imaginative as the developers would like us to believe. The combat is fine for the most part, albeit aggressively basic that it ends up being a button smash-fest. What peeved me though was that during combat, the game would regularly blind you with either shody camera work or dark visual effects that leaves you more frustrated than filling you with thrills. I hate combat that visually impairs you in any way.Hellblade is a 10 hour romp and I do recommend it highly. It's not a game you have played before, and it's the perfect showcase of a mid-tier game that I hope is resurrected back again."
,Recommended,414340,34627950,Posted: 31 August,all,Nightly Nexus,"Hellblade uses the videogame medium nearly to its full extent. You'll be immersed in Senua's horrifying atmosphere of physical and mental danger and leave with questions about human relationships, introspection, and Reality."
,Recommended,414340,34666248,Posted: 1 September,all,ffff0,"This game deals with a serious subject, so there is a good chance that you will not enjoy it. Yet if you stay with it, it will be an experience you will not soon forget."
,Recommended,414340,34663838,Posted: 1 September,all,germs,"haven't finished the game yet but i would vote this game of the year!!the graphics are overwhelming, the sound (environment, voices etc..) is amazing, smooth gameplay"
,Recommended,414340,34664673,Posted: 1 September,all,Aweesah,B+
,Recommended,414340,34640732,Posted: 31 August,all,nealiosis,"I really wanted a spirtual successor to Heavenly Sword and this game is most definitely not that. Its also not the boring walking simulator that a lot of reviews claim it is. I feel the game strikes a nice balance between puzzles and combat and if you're playing on a large screen with a decent set of heaphones the game is highly immersive. Visuals are great, the acting is stellar, and the combat is engaging and fun. For $30 its a solid game overall."
76561198131884299,Recommended,414340,34645572,Posted: 31 August,all,|EV| ZazuMaki,This is a game i didnt even know i needed till after i bought it. The story is amazing and the combat feels great.
,Recommended,414340,34450327,Posted: 23 August,all,Cardboards,Must Play. No other game like it
,Recommended,414340,34404902,Posted: 21 August,all,MikaMikhail,A must play indie game.
76561198258496403,Recommended,414340,34451472,Posted: 23 August,all,ScauldinBeats,Voices wont go away and i love the combat. Graphics are top notch!!! Definitely worth every penny!
76561198038461764,Recommended,414340,34428735,Posted: 22 August,all,LordLimpD,"11/10, this game is too good."
76561198000985256,Recommended,414340,34428601,Posted: 22 August,all,Drone,"A very well thought out, disturbing venture. Please play this game."
76561198248778074,Recommended,414340,34428620,Posted: 22 August,all,Filthy Trash,This game is a steal for only 30 dollars. To know that this game had a very low budget is very surprising. They did a fantastic job at making this game feel like an epic journey.
,Recommended,414340,34428474,Posted: 22 August,all,Nick,A very atmospheric game with a great story. I wish it was longer.
,Recommended,414340,34428181,Posted: 22 August,all,MLG Dragon,don't know what to say other then that i enjoyed itlike♥♥♥♥ing hell that game is good.
,Recommended,414340,34430258,Posted: 22 August,all,Slippery John,"This game is simply amazing. It explores territory that very few games, movies, or books have successfully done. The combat is really solid, making you really think about where everything is. Mechanics are slowly introduced that progressively change your play style, so what was once a sub-par strategy becomes powerful. Overall an incredible game, I cannot recommend enough."
76561198084321449,Recommended,414340,34444863,Posted: 23 August,all,numberedjester,"Ninja Theory showing that a 'smaller' game can take on the bigger titles, possibly even showing up some of the so called AAA games recently. Good balance of a walking simulator, with plenty of action points and an interesting story to keep you occupied. Along with the blind** 'permadeath' system, there were some sweaty palm moments. Some of the puzzle sections could have been a bit more varied, but what do you expect for a budget price and the audio work is great and plays a huge roll in this (you have to play with a headset to get the full effect)GFX - 9/10Audio - 9/10I hope there are indeed more stories to tell.** I've no idea how many times you are allowed to die before the permadeath kicks in."
76561198037202010,Recommended,414340,34451333,Posted: 23 August,all,The Pr0tagonist,"If you are looking for compelling combat or decent puzzles you should probably look elsewhere the combat and ""puzzles"" are fine but nothing specal and deffently would not hold up a game on there own. The plot is verry simple but verry impactful. I could probably write like a 7 sentence paragraph and tell the compleat story.So now that all the negitives are out of the way this game is a masterpiece and 100% should be played by anyone with a passing intrest or want proof that games can be true works of art. The developers set out to try to teach pepole what it is like to live with mental ilness and in my limited experece they nail it. (I was never close to this bad but feared getting there). The only real complaint I have is the begining drags a little longer then it should other then that the pacing is perfect and tells a compelling emtion driven shart story that should be told."
76561198035300713,Recommended,414340,34452457,Posted: 23 August,all,mettlegear,"Wow. I've been following this game's development since day one, and it turned out way better than I imagined. Calling this a ""game"" doesn't do it justice...this is a bizarre (in a good way) and often disturbing sensory experience. I tried playing it with headphones as recommended, but it started to wear on me bit, making it a little too intense at times although others might enjoy the extra level of immersion. The only other thing I didn't like so much was the live action cut scene stuff....it felt out of place, but I can understand it probably has to do with budgetary restrictions. But for $30, wow, absolutely worth it. What can I say...I love Ninja Theory, so in case they read this, how about Enslaved 2?As far as the pc version, it runs pretty well with my 980TI at 1440p. I am almost always above 60fps only having to drop draw distance down to high and turn off AA as I do with most games."
76561198004429769,Recommended,414340,34452849,Posted: 23 August,all,Genlsis,"This game executed every component of game design flawlessly. Sound, music, atmosphere graphics animation combat pacing puzzles voice acting story. Everything blew me away."
,Recommended,414340,34451507,Posted: 23 August,all,MagnumOpus,Absolutely breathtaking. Use Headphones and a Controller in a dark room for the best experience.
,Recommended,414340,34452069,Posted: 23 August,all,BenWang,"For any 3rd person camera game with a female protagonist, I usually turn eyes on her hip much. This time though, they put a rotting head in a bag at her hip --throughout the game. Yet I still recommend this to anyone who is fine with the idea of a (mostly) walking simulator with a lot of never-before-seen phychological implications. There is no replay value, but the one-time journey is very worthy.Also, despite what impression the trailer might give you, there is little combat, and no jump scares in this game."
,Recommended,414340,34452151,Posted: 23 August,all,Kozvha,Love this game <3
76561198009798587,Recommended,414340,34430315,Posted: 22 August,all,Cashius,very good!!! top story and gameplay!
76561198153062460,Recommended,414340,34430314,Posted: 22 August,all,pedroib1,"So this game caught my attention since I last saw the trailer from Gamescom 2016; you can see that the atmosphere of the game was decided since early stages of development. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice isn't a game for the easy going, light-hearted and shallow players. The game has more heart and soul than most of the story driven games I've played (Quantum Break, Alan Wake, any AC, Batman... you name it). Within the first minutes of the game it is percieved that it has a psychological edge to it, making it to stand out from the bunch because of it's masterful sound and use of binaural sound. Yes, it is sometimes a slow paced game. There are areas filled with nordic lore and stories that fit perfect to what the protagonist is feeling and experiencing. Combat wise is masterful (it is not a hack and slash). Every hit that you land on enemies feels real and impactful. There are no set combos and the more you progress through the story the more harder the fights become. Gritty, nerve-wrecking and real would describe my feelings for the combat without mentioning the permadeath system that only adds stress to the player in every battle (specially on harder difficulties).The purpose of the game is to be immersive, there are no tutorials, no hud and the only help you get is from sound cues delivered in a unique way. Let the game flow naturally, don't expect anything similar and stay vigilant on every detail that sets this game apart from the others. It is almost impossible to concieve that a team of only twenty people made this game (so I pay them proper respect), including the actress for Senua, who also worked in the game.Been gaming for more than twenty years, and I havent had this lasting impression from any other game. Bravo Ninja Theory!"
76561198078562024,Recommended,414340,34426769,Posted: 22 August,all,Yorkshire Didz,"Hi all i've just finished this game and i must say its FLAWLESS!!!!!!!! from start to finish it has you. I cannot stress this enough you MUST WEAR HEADPHONES, the sound, the story....... i'm blow away truely BLOWN AWAY. Worth every penny!!"
76561198098117739,Recommended,414340,34423508,Posted: 22 August,all,p.cruising,"Very much enjoyed Senua's Journey! So much love to detail and an impressive job with the haunting voices. Ninja Theory in my opinion did an amazing job with this work of art.I was very hestitant towards buying this game based on reviews on youtube and a gaming magazine. I still bought it and recommend doing so to everyone else who's willing to delve deep into a story of suffering, confusion, horror but also willing to expand one's point of view towards mental disorders.It's usually not really my genre but as already stated: I enjoyed ""Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice"" very much and would certainly buy it again."
76561197966486933,Recommended,414340,34423434,Posted: 22 August,all,Bilbo,Excellent game and story! can't wait for next game from Ninja Theory with similar stuff.
,Recommended,414340,34429369,Posted: 22 August,all,redwings9697,"Where does an older gamer begin with Hellblade. It's worth the price, well made, well told, and well acted. The use of 3D audio to place you into her head fits very well. Its haunting, its rewarding, and it tells a story that leaves you shattered mentally, and wondering just what is real, and what is self-induced psychological nightmare. This is a game based on story, combat is mild, yet rewarding. The puzzles make you think, yet can slow the story down slightly but I found this to be cleverly used to push the narrative of the main character in a mental state of chaos. For $30 you will get a high production value for your dollar with a game focused on telling you a story. This is not a typical game, combat is very basic, yet requires patience, awareness, but once mastered becomes a part of the story but never the main part of the story. The game is shorter at around 5-8 hour depending on your speed or play style. Best utilized with slower, controlled, observence of the beauty of the world created for you to explore. This game is a welcome change of pace in what I have seen as AAA mess of gmaes half finished, and over priced garbage. This is fresh, amazing, and worth each dollar of their $30 price tag. It is wonderful to see game developers try something different, twist an old walking sim/story to a new branching path, and bring the player along to experience a mental breakdown of the main character driven by a full mental disorder that is relatable and at the same time so very foriegn."
76561197987158087,Recommended,414340,34425260,Posted: 22 August,all,alienbreed,"Stunning game, amazing visuals, great story, awesome sound, intense combat that had real weight to it. One of the best games I have played. GOTY for me so far. Only downside, wanted to play more after it had ended."
,Recommended,414340,34428945,Posted: 22 August,all,Mooglemuffins,"Just finished this game a few minutes ago, and loved it. The story is very well told, character interactions both with other characters and the voices in Senua's head are great. I loved how they used a mixed of the in-game animation and live action for the 'visions'. Kind of reminded me of the old Myst games and how those used live-action things in the game. Great choice by the devs in my opinion.Pros:Great storytelling, definitely get invested in the storyBeautiful graphics, the animation and the landscapes are very well done. Bravo Ninja TheoryMusic/Sound, particularly with how they approached the constant psychosis voices in your head. WEAR HEADPHONESPretty simple combat, but it feels good.Cons:A bit short. Took me only 6.1 hours to complete and I got everything except for just a couple lore stones I missed somewhere.Not really replay value aside from going back through to get all the lore stones for completionOverall I'd give it 9/10. It's not completely perfect but most things I would say were negatives with nitpicky things."
76561198149230601,Recommended,414340,34429096,Posted: 22 August,all,Whiskey Actual,"If you want a game that is going to leave you gritting your teeth in pure suspense and agony while providing a compelling story, this is the one. Like spending money at a movie theater, it may not offer hunders upon hundreds of hours of entertainment, but I promise that you will play through more than once. Definitely play with a headset or surround sound speakers, as the voices will guide you through Hellheim by speaking directly to you, the player. The monologues of Senua are intense and convey more story than most modern TV shows. Do not take the warnings of this game lightly. If you suffer from any kind of psychological trauma, be wary of playing it. The binaural sound and extreme graphics can be unsettling at times.Overall: 12/10Excellent story with compelling graphics and gameplay. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,414340,34830155,Posted: 8 September,all,Numskull,"9.5/101st off HOLY S*** this game is a masterpiece of indie ingenuity. Not only is the game's story very well told and delivered in a creep yet engaging way,.. But you also have this extreme sense of immersion due to the environment and voices in the main chatacters head guiding you through the game while also questioning your every move...Combat feels great while the puzzles are difficult at time but not too hard for the keen observer of like shape, yes the puzzles can sometimes feel repetitive but they do not linger too long on the hunt of said solution.If you can handle pain in your pinkie from using the control key sooo much to parry, then you  really should play this game, hell you should even fright through the pain to keep playing like i did, It was an amazing game to livestream and i hope we see more games like thisOnly reason that i knocked our .5 off my rating was because at times puzzles can be repetitive and combat evade controls feel clunky"
76561198058438403,Recommended,414340,34830630,Posted: 8 September,all,FallingNIN,This game is a very deep and emotional story. The developers deal with mental illness in a very real and powerful way. Hellblade is a journey that should not be missed.
,Recommended,414340,34833684,Posted: 9 September,all,Stroxite,Most atmospheric game i've ever played..
76561198069809016,Recommended,414340,34834232,Posted: 9 September,all,Dat Morgan,"Genuinely one of the best gaming experiences I've had in years. From the gameplay, to the psychological horror aspects, (and my favorite) lore based on my favorite culture/pantheon, this game gets 11/10 from me and I can't say that enough. TSW is one of my other favorite games because of the early focus on Norse mythos, but Hellblade delves even deeper into the dark, deathcult of viking god-worship by venturing through Helheim and combating one of the more terrifying entities in that mythos (and there are quite a few). All through the lens of a poor celtic warrior woman who had her lands invaded and her lover stolen from her, as she is continually hen-pecked by the voices in her head and a greater darkness threatening to consume her soul. But all is not lost. There is an underlying hope in this grimdark game. Senua's lover Gillion, her friend and guide Druth (translated it means fool), and her mother Galena.P.S. I did two playthroughs just to get all the lorestones. BUY THIS."
,Recommended,414340,34352800,Posted: 19 August,all,TIRkaz,I've tried pirate version. I've watched stopgame.ru review. He decided to buy game.
76561197971310338,Recommended,414340,34242520,Posted: 14 August,all,Avon,"I didnt had much information about the game befor i bought it.It was not the game i expected, but the game i needed.Hellblade is an amazing, immersing and emotional adventure into hell.The game starts of very slow, but gets more and more intense as youfollow this beautifull celtic warrior on a jurney to defeat the deamons that haunt her.As an aging gamer that has trouble finding new games that dont make me feellike ""been there, done that"", this game provided me with a unique experience thati can recommend without a second thought.Lock yourself in your room, dim the lights, put on your headphones, turn up the volumeand dive into Senua's world. I dont regret it.Content:The game took me about 6 hours to beat. There is not much replay value except forcollectables that provide some nordic lore and unlock a small additional scene that is not relevantto the main story.Presentation:The game looks and sound amazing.Graphics are incredibly detailed and the developers came up with some visual effects i have neverseen before.The animations are also extremely lifelike. Especially Senua's facial expressions,as you can always tell exactly how she is feeling whthout any kind of over acting.Gameplay:Hellblade is a mixture of solving puzzels and fighting vikings.The puzzels are not too difficult to block progress and play allot with how you perceive theworld around you.The combat is rather simple but very engaging. It provides several offensive and defensiveoptions that can be freely combined. I found the combat quite intense. Every hit feelsimpactfull and all combat moves flow seamlessly into one another. There is also notutorial, you have to figure everything out on your own.Verdict:An emotional and intense experiance that i dont want to miss.Definitely a highlight in my games collection.I hope i can follow Senua on another adventure sometime in the future."
76561198131244687,Recommended,414340,34824244,Posted: 8 September,all,Scans123,AWSOME....BTW   Played on GTX 960 worked fine.  Wish it never ended!
76561198025201792,Recommended,414340,34823687,Posted: 8 September,all,DreamMachine,"Loved this game.  A satisfying progression that kept me interested throughout the story.  Puzzles are engaging and occasionally heart-racing.  Combat is engaging once you learn it, which you must do yourself.  No tutorials here.  Headphones are a must for the full experience.  Already looking forward to a sequel."
,Recommended,414340,34826033,Posted: 8 September,all,<VEX> Ven.til.ator,"Pros:- Nice Combatsystem- Great atmosphere (graphics, character animations, soundtracks)- Good StoryCons:- Story gets a little to slow at one point (but it picks up after that again)"
,Recommended,414340,34827108,Posted: 8 September,all,tpk,One of the best games I have ever played. Just....incredible.
76561198139418325,Recommended,414340,34826462,Posted: 8 September,all,Ruger,"Loved everything about this game. Never really been a fan of single player games as I mostly just play competitive games. However, I highly recommend this game. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,414340,34877281,Posted: 10 September,all,Duran,This game is just awesome (graphics are amazing)  and you definetly need to play with a controller and headphones.
76561198109395828,Recommended,414340,34875914,Posted: 10 September,all,PandaBroPound,This is amazing. Get a good set of headphones and enjoy the ride.
76561198006026618,Recommended,414340,34873889,Posted: 10 September,all,8bit|-ShadowMan*,A game and concept that deserves recognition
76561198046323776,Recommended,414340,34873914,Posted: 10 September,all,Fistinbox,"Really enjoyed playing through this game, however the are a couple things that I would fix/add to make the game that much better.1. Chapter SelectionI really enjoyed the game, enough to want to replay a few sections(mainly the last few parts/boss fights), but don't want to go back and replay the whole game.2. Auto Target Disable.There were a couple add encounters that I would have LOVED to be able to un-target everything and roll away, for better positioning. No worse feeling than something spawning behind you, and not knowing/being able to get away without spamming the dodge button and hoping you get away safely and position yourself in the right direction.Other than those few things, there isn't much more I would change. I loved the whole story and felt emotionally attached to Senua throughout the game. A little part of me died when the game ended, just because it was over. It was a short game, but I enjoyed 90% of the game."
,Recommended,414340,34866000,Posted: 10 September,all,Pedro Braz,"Like a movie playable. Very good game. Puzzles are silly, the combat is not that difficult and repetitive, but the story is fantastic. Worth the price!"
76561198138886401,Recommended,414340,34858858,Posted: 10 September,all,Snowling,Brings gods and thought in... The game makes you question what's truly going on. I support what this was made for and the awesome gameplay I received.
76561197965550350,Recommended,414340,34858915,Posted: 10 September,all,eatshawn,"Beautiful. Nice blend of game and film. Super weird story. Completely spooky audio (use headphones). Those rune puzzles are a little wack, but I kinda dig them. Clunky, drunken fighting (dodging is slow & i ""died"" or something a few times and didn't realize what was happening). I've not yet made much progress but I think I really like this game. Also: this is the first thing I've purchased with mined Bitcoin, so that feels neat. Try this game!This is the only game I've ever seen with a ""mental health consultant"" in the opening credits. I like that. More of that. Yeah dude."
,Recommended,414340,34868667,Posted: 10 September,all,xander,This game is a masterpiece.  Deep psychological themes solid gameplay and puzzles.  Story is amazing and left me wanting more after each play session.
76561198401275757,Recommended,414340,34866861,Posted: 10 September,all,floyat,"I would say it is an authentic game that gives you some sorts of experience that you would not have in other games, and Ninjya is apparently trying to push the border of game experience to another level. However, if you are looking for a high-paced action game, or myth/legend-related theme, or a good storyline, I would recommend you think twice."
76561198369741851,Recommended,414340,34876370,Posted: 10 September,all,ChickenFoot,"Not a game but truly an experience.This game can be summed up with simplistic combat and a deep rooted story based on mental disorders.Gameplay is a simple hack and slash, press button 1 or button 2 while avoiding attcks with button 3 while useing button 4 to to make attacks available.... you get the idea it is very simple but the combat doesn't take a seat back behind the story but is side by side with the whole story of the theme.The story or the atmosphere as a whole is truly an experience like no other. On the first 5 minutes with head phones (Which you SHOULD be wearing) you can tell this game will be very different. As well the setting being the forrests of Nordic vikings or visions of terrible things ffrom hands reaching out to you to the pictures of death playing tricks on you.I can and hopefully you can tell this story and mainly the way it is told will leave you shocked by complexe noises and visuals.Only downside is the puzzles or more so the vision puzzles seeming more off a gemic to pass on to the next phase. Oh this stick makes a shadow that unlcoks a path or walking beyond a tree will chnage a piece of the atmosphere. While I can see the point of the combat or the point of thematic cutscenes I don't of the puzzles being more of thinjg to do rather then an obstacle for you and the charachter to over come, while I didn't like it didn't drag on or frustrates me enough to list it as a mjor annoyance. As well sort of downside being the runes that give you lore or backstory like a holotape from fallout or something simillar. Just that if you miss one your pretty much screwed with the timespane you made with the story.Conclusion: With hickups with the holotapes of nordic underworld and the stick puzzles the rest fo the game is an time and is an experience truly only can be seen with a video game. From the atmosphere to the voices that will ring in your ear and make you crazy, exhausted and frustrated with just like you chrachter Senua. I'm truly can't wait to see what this now indy studio can do next."
76561198123528828,Recommended,414340,34855224,Posted: 10 September,all,SuperNova360,The story is great. The voices sound crazy when u have headphones on but One thing I disliked that it wasn't a lot of fighting but other then that great game
76561198267592389,Recommended,414340,34871139,Posted: 10 September,all,TheQ555,"Well what a game this was, right off the bat it had me hooked!The game its self looks stunning, the atmosphere is amazing and the overal story just kept me wanting to play more. Also the inclusion of all the mental health issues that Senua goes through throughout the game make for a really, really interesting experience, one that I don't think i've ever experienced in any other games.Highly recommended and heres hoping for a sequal :D"
76561197989685888,Recommended,414340,34872970,Posted: 10 September,all,oh man oh god oh man oh god,"Great visuals, great acting/vocie acting, never gets repetitive. The story is stellar and the actors do an amazing job, Senua herself is very powerfully acted and voiced. Very freaking creepy in many parts, works as horror game. Combat is simple, but varied and feels right. Total recommend if you like trippy and freaky action games with some puzzle solving."
,Recommended,414340,34866095,Posted: 10 September,all,SR1 Dan,"Hellblade was a game I watched for a while, not quite believing it could achieve what it seemed to be showing off. The visuals were amazing, beutiful animations and a unique captivating story.This game achieved this over and over. The game has an incredibly unique premise and setting, a rich storytelling talent, and some of the most incredible visual (achievable with the witchcraft that is UE4). Although linear, the game tells a winding story where you genuinly care for Senua, and you feel what she is feeling, and experience these deep fears and illnesses in her head all throughout.If you are looking for a beautiful, atmospheric, real story, please pick this up."
76561198000298969,Recommended,414340,34865875,Posted: 10 September,all,Ulcerus,"So... this game has gotten amazing reviews.It's looking awesome when you play it, and it handles good. I had no bugs or issues with fps or anything like that really.I completed it in just about 8 hours, without searching thoroughly in every corner.The story is superb if you love these weird psycho-things.BUT. And here's a big warning.It is a sloooooooooow game. Except for some fighting the game is very linear and tedious with repetitive puzzles.Had it been longer I probably wouldn't have the finished it due to the slow progress.But it sure is a unique experience. I will probably remember it for a long time, and I bet many people might actually feel they can relate to the protagonists.....troubles.Basically: If you buy it for the story, graphics and unique experience in a celtic/norse setting it's a good game.Looking for some action or adventure gaming - move on.I feel it was worth my 30€."
,Recommended,414340,34879969,Posted: 11 September,all,Stryke,"I don't play games very often but I happily hijacked my husbands steam account to play this one. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice for me had everything in it that can hold my attention. Bloody brilliant storytelling, great game play, fantastic knowledge of Norse and Pictish culture and mythology, and last but certainly not least great mental health awareness within a medium that helps you to realise you can overcome it. The whispering voices were new and something I'd never encountered in previous games I have played and they definetly gave me an added sense of urgency, self doubt, affirmation or inspiring my own defiance against them.  I can't praise this game enough and I wish it would of lasted longer, the game in itself was a work of art."
,Recommended,414340,34867029,Posted: 10 September,all,WolF,10/10
76561198026685012,Recommended,414340,34869944,Posted: 10 September,all,SWAY,"This is an utterly amazing, gripping, and beautiful story. That transcends anything I have tried in a long while. I can only recommend this to anyone who likes rich storytelling and a captivating atmosphere"
76561198139846357,Recommended,414340,34871819,Posted: 10 September,all,skyborn dragon,The atmosphere was instantly submersive especially with the real 3D surround sound element into play. Though it isn't a very long game it plays wonderfully and I enjoyed every moment of it. I would really consider buying this game.
76561198356824449,Recommended,414340,34869905,Posted: 10 September,all,nobobs,"Ninja Theory has accomplished what few companies have for me, make a game that had me emotionally involved.There are several reasons I really like Hellblade. Games I like now a days have a great story, make me care about the characters and are fun to play. Hellblade, for me does a great job in all areas.I took my time playing the game exploring every map, looking for and listening to every lorestone and when the voices were telling a story I stopped and listened. Wow what a great story! Take the time to learn about Senua, it really adds to the whole gaming experience. Many times during the game I would learn more about Senua’s story and just think, damn…..Ninja Theory did a great job a character development.Combat was set to auto and for me it was a challenge at times. Because of the possibility that dying too many times will make the game start over made for some very...very intense game play at times. Still combat was fun!When you combine all of the above with great graphics and killer sound effects it made for a very fun game to play.While some shooters with non stop action are okay it just doesn’t do it form me. Doesn’t mean they are bad games though. So for players who want non stop action, this is probably not for you. I can see how some will not like it and are entitled to there opinion but I can’t understand the hate.Ninja Theory I think you did one hell of a job making this game!"
76561198003211260,Recommended,414340,34850642,Posted: 9 September,all,Santillo,"Im not writing reviews often, but this game really got me. If you are here, looking for game where you can kill some enemies here and there, then you are on the wrong place. This is no such game, although there are fights (which I truly loved), it's not about them. Hellblade is about story and the story is beautiful. The way you look closer into the minds of people with mental disorders is unique and remarkable. I'll tell about Hellblade to all my gaming friends, because everyone must play it. If not for gaming experience, then for getting a closer look into what are some people experiencing in their heads. Truly recommend this game and if you know anyone with similar mental disorder then this game is a MUST play."
76561198037224233,Recommended,414340,34872486,Posted: 10 September,all,Liquid Snaek,"First off - you should definitely buy this game. For most people, this is a classic ""Wait for the Steam sale"" game. But, if you care about video games, you care about ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC practices, you care about AAA games rehashing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over - this might be something you want to purchase full price. Please tell Ninja Theory they did something cool, and they deserve praise for it.This game does everything we are always talking about needing more of: story-rich game, dark/mature plotline, NO gameplay handholding, interesting take on combat, etc. In fact, combat IMO is the best part of this game. It's ""heavier"" than pretty much any other action RPG/fantasy game, more believable, and more *stressful*. You actually have to think about what you're doing and taking on a few enemies at once can be cumbersome.The story and the gameplay unfold beautifully without even telling you. Probably my favorite moment playing this game was when I *accidentally* parried an enemy. I didn't even know parrying was possible in this game, and I was rewarded for it with a display of totally different attack animations from Senua. This concept only evolves, and becomes more impressive over time. Bravo, Ninja Theory.I could go on forever about Hellblade. My only qualms with the game (the fact that there are only 2 says A LOT) are the a) Rune puzzle system and b) the ending. The Rune puzzle system just... I don't know half of the time it works and gets you to explore an area and sometimes it just feels like padding time. At first it seems unneccessary, and then I think it really works when you're in new and breathtaking environments. Oh yeah, the graphics are top-notch. I constantly found myself saying ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; every hour or so just on the landscape.A lot of people are saying ""Oh yeah, it's a SHORTER game - especially given the price tag"". Yeah well, hate to break it to you but how many AAA games are done in 8-10 hours? Metal Gear Rising (great game, though), The Order: 1886, the Last of Us (great game as well), Bioshock Infinite? WE get the better end of the deal here, no question. Isn't that how it should be in vidya?***SPOILERS***The ending... is a bit of a let down, unfortunately. The dev team did such a phenomenal job leading you to believe you were desending into Norse hell/madness/underworld, only to have an ending where you're left saying - ""Oh, I guess... it was all in her head..."". That's weak, IMO. But, honestly I truly don't know how you end this plot otherwise. The silver lining here is that obviously Ninja Theory intends to make another game, and honestly I hope it's a full-fledged $60 game this time."
,Recommended,414340,34872335,Posted: 10 September,all,Rocky,I had a lot of fun playing this! Try it with headphones! Beautiful graphics at a smooth 60FPS (limited by my monitor.) *Played using a XBOX controller.
76561197970489050,Recommended,414340,34676215,Posted: 1 September,all,Jimi Einstein,"Wow!  Photorealistic graphics, and an emotionally compelling story!  This experience will stay with me for a long time.  Granted this is not an open world, filled with semi-infinite quests, but who cares?  And at a bargain price.  Clearly a lot of love and engagement went into making this game.  Treat yourself to its magic."
,Recommended,414340,34675222,Posted: 1 September,all,UpTide,"Good game. This is the best game I've played in a long time.I don't like spooky things, and this is spooky, but I love it at the same time.Nothing more to say about the game. Just give them your money."
82827213183914721,Recommended,414340,34382892,Posted: 20 August,all,Lice,"To a lot of people, this game seems simple on the surface; a celtic warrior on her way to beat or barter with Hela to restore the life of her lover. It really isn't - it's far, far more than just that.All through the game Senua is fighting with herself, unable to let go of the tragedies that have befallen her. The abuse from her father, her mother's death, her mental illness and then finally the loss of her lover. It's not a game about overcoming adversity or finishing a grand quest whilst toppling gods and standing on the shoulders of giants; it's a game with clear intentions about what it aims to be and in 2017 that is such a rare trait.Senua fights the same shadows of her past repeatedly, again and again, refusing to stop trying to defeat them. She pushes on into the heart of Helheim, with the intent to finally confront Hela and deal with her once and for all - to finally free her beloved Dillion. This is when you realise that there is no Hela or Helheim and there never was. By the end, Senua fights herself and fails as you can't truly destroy yourself. She can't truly defeat her past, she can't truly undo what has happened; no matter how much she fights to try it anyway.The game is a powerful work of art, tastefully giving a credible insight into mental illness without ever coming across as cliché or tacky. It moved me every step of the way and I can't give this game enough credit for the amazing storytelling and the careful message for not only the player - but for Senua too.To let go.To let go of her father's tyranny and abuse, and the murder of Senua's mother.To let go of her lover's tragic demise.To stop holding onto the past, stuck, unable to move on.To embrace who Senua herself is. To embrace her psychosis as simply who she is, not as a curse or a blight.If you go into this game with the mindset of playing an action game, you'll never see past the surface and you'll be miffed at every turn; but if you go into this game slowly, taking in all the story, sights and sounds you'll fall in love with the world and characters Ninja Theory have crafted. You'll want to replay it again, just for the experience and just for how well crafted this virtual artwork is.Even if you know the story, or how it ends it doesn't matter. The game is strongest with the experience throughout it has crafted, not the end of the game itself. The game doesn't need customisation, an epic final boss, illusion of choice or intricate combat - It's about Senua and her journey first and foremost and they get it so right.I thoroughly recommend this to anybody who can appreciate something well-written, well-voiced and well-designed in every way. For what amazing insight into mental health and the shadows of your past this game offers I can't even bring the price into question.10/10"
76561198026576030,Recommended,414340,34189497,Posted: 12 August,all,Dick the head,"(My first steam review,feedback is appreciated)(Played most of the game in offline mode)MORE GAMES LIKE THIS ONE DEAR AAA VIDEO GAMES INDUSTRY, PRETTY PLEASEHellblade:Senuas sacrifice is a must have for anyone who is looking for something fresh and unique in their steam library. It creates a very strong atmosphere, and experiments with both gameplay and story , as the theme of mental illness is expertly intertwined with all aspects of the game.The story is well written , the characters are well acted, and the gameplay , be its puzzles orits combat, continues to evolve and suprise at a steady pace , keeping the experience fresh , despite of how limited it might seem at first.As for the combat , although i had my doubts because of its simplicity , it managed to be really enjoyable thanks to its  fluidity , its high level of polish,the amazing animations that flawlessly connect with each other, the enemy variety ,the cool boss fights and generally its steady difficulty progression.Plus, the game's world is beutiful, the character and level design is amazing,  and the game sounds great, either when talking about sound effects or its music.In the end, the reason why i enjoyed Hellblade so much, and the reason why i deffinetly recommend it to anyone who is even remotely interested in it, is because it manages to get so much out of such a sensetive ,and some could say restrictive, subject such as mental illness.Thanks to its extreme focus , it is clear that the vision that the developers had has been fully realised , and it shows in the design of the game as a whole.Its a very good game that anyone who is interested in games as an artform should experience.SIDE NOTE(the other reason why you should buy hellblade):The game is developed by a very small team,and costs half the price of a triple A game. There is no publisher attached to this game ,and thats the main reason why it is able to take so many risks. If this game succeeds , it will be a message to all developers  :yes , you can take risks and yes, you dont need to lick the donkey asses of publishers in order to make a game. The industry desperately needs these middle-budget games.Otherwise, the gaming industry will continue to stagnate, and we will be stuck with call of booty# 524 and rhino♥♥♥♥♥creed#78 forever"
76561198024097931,Recommended,414340,34415946,Posted: 22 August,all,pixelSad,"sorry Senua, but your Dillion is in another castle."
76561198007013803,Recommended,414340,34678053,Posted: 1 September,all,Neandermensch,"Psychological storyline mixed with nordic mythology and great artwork creates a epic atmosphere and makes this game extremly special in a very good way.The Game is not very difficult, but it doesnt matter (easy fights and solve easy/medium riddles).I think that one of that games everyone should have played.Just listen to the voices... ;-D"
76561198070036473,Recommended,414340,34705166,Posted: 3 September,all,SleepyDude1,An incredible experiance. I was amazed by how everthing in this game came together. 10/10 a must own!
,Recommended,414340,34705341,Posted: 3 September,all,Kelsey,"What an amazing game that was!Audio 10/10Graphics 10/10Story 9/10Puzzles 5/10, they get a little stale after a while.Combat 7/10, It's somewhat easy and just giving you 20 enemies to fight with the same mechanics isn't gonna change the difficulty.Overall i think this game was one of the best ive played in years, even though at the end i had more questions than when i started the game.What a blast!"
,Recommended,414340,34700911,Posted: 2 September,all,F18hornetm,Extremely well writting story with some amazing graphics.  Also love the nivida Ansel support.
,Recommended,414340,34701493,Posted: 2 September,all,2B,"10/10One of the best RPGs I've played in my entire life: Witcher 3, Nier: Automata and Hellblade: Senua's Sacrificenext lvl storytelling"
76561198261006138,Recommended,414340,34699118,Posted: 2 September,all,Volgor the Inexorable,"This game is a great experience. Wonderfully compelling story and narration,"
76561198399828669,Recommended,414340,34700307,Posted: 2 September,all,RetroMuse,"If you want something immersive and powerful, this is definitely your game. The soundtrack is fantastic, the art design is interesting and flawless, the way they use sound to do trials and cause the player confusion is excellent. This game carries a powerful narrative that will stay with you long after you finish it. I really enjoyed the journey I went on with Senua. Props to the developers and everyone who was involved. This is why we play games!! <3"
76561198104390245,Recommended,414340,34699816,Posted: 2 September,all,InfamousME,"Dont usually review games but this is the best game i have played in several years.This game is AMAZING. MUST-PLAYPros:Audio quality - music and the sounds are freaking awesome (I highly recommend high quality pair of speakers or at least a decent pair of headphones.) And it helps creat one of theMost atmospheric games i have ever played.Beautiful game. UNREAL ENGINEGreat story (Ending is f@cking great)Great combatDifferent and fun to to fight enemiesMade me sh@t my pants at two points.You will get sucked into this gameIt actually makes you feel for the characters.Cons:My #1 problem with this game - No replayability. If they allowed you to replay certain levels or fights this would increase replayability tenfold.I got stuck on like two puzzles. I reccomend having a youtube video of all the puzzles to speed things up.Two periods within the game where it was just too much story and not enough action. It wasnt too bad (the ending and the combat after each of these periods made up for it.Small thing - Kind of wished they just blacked out the lover's face the whole time, kind of disoppointed to see him turn out to be some wimpy looking dude."
76561198165157265,Recommended,414340,34700347,Posted: 2 September,all,WarmPepsi,Loved It
76561197980329084,Recommended,414340,34699267,Posted: 2 September,all,natanpavan,One word: AmazingIt has been several years since I have enjoyed a gaming experience this much. Very recommended. It took me 8 hours to complete the game and I finished in two sittings because I didnt want to stop playing.
76561198003155172,Recommended,414340,34990927,Posted: 16 September,all,TheZychoOne |SuLaN|,"Just wow... I want to play this game over and over, just remember to have a good pair of headphones. This is the best game of 2017 by far!"
,Recommended,414340,35004703,Posted: 16 September,all,Godly slime #Slimelife,"Very immersive game, but the puzzles could have been a little more challenging."
,Recommended,414340,35010549,Posted: 16 September,all,potato cat,"I loved this game so much! and the fact that it wasnt a super long story game made it feel like i could actually finish it. If you're someone who doesnt like story games to be pretty short, then it might not be for you. I love how the game really plays with you're mind. i give it a 9/10!"
,Recommended,414340,35009895,Posted: 16 September,all,Disruptor  -=PP=-,Wow! Just Wow! Buy this game!Support this Studio! It's a hell of a trip.
76561198071609329,Recommended,414340,34995986,Posted: 16 September,all,Mr.Brightside,"Imagine getting an intimate peak behind the curtain of a mentally ill character that has succumbed to the uncertainty of what is reality and her constant parasitic companions that have taken refuge in her mind. Mix that with great puzzles, intense cutscenes where Senua questions her willpower of overcoming her own weakness in order to save someone else, as well as average combat."
76561198068032928,Recommended,414340,35049677,Posted: 18 September,all,1Piecer,"Good game but by no means the ""BEST looking game"". 7.5/10-Only the main character imige is crafted to almost perfection at moments and ONLY during cutscenes. Senua doesn't move her mouth to match the words during her dialog while gameplayis happening.-Side characters/monsters aren't designed as good as the main character. The side characters are are images of real people with shade/photoshoped(not my speicality so dont attack me) to make them blend in with the game graphics. While the monsters are ugly at some point or graphically aren't impressive at some points. So the game takes the narritive off making you go in the perspective of the side characters from time to time during dialogue. A clever way to cover the lackness in grachis of these character I would say.-The environment graphcis isn't what I call the best, good at some points while medicore to bland stupid at others(rocks and the water leaves on the surfaces at the begining of the game).-Mechanics of the game were new, refreshing but not something I would want in every game. Whats good about it is that it matches that of what the story of main is going through.-Voices could be annoying sometimes(guess that what they aimed for) but sometimes a line or two comes out that are missplaces or the tone of the voice doesn't match what happens.-Puzzles are easy, nothing hard. There are annoying one hit deaths during the chase parts.-The lore of the Norse was fun to hear when finding those logs.-Combat is good but not the best in my opinion. Example: If you press dash(Forword+Left or Right) the game will register only one command which means either you go forword and eat the enemie's attack or you side step the attack. It's like a 50/50, and you hope it won't be your last hit otherwise you will die.-Dying is annoying here since the ""Savefile will be lost"" moto is happening. For me, I love to do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥to see what will happen in games. Example: There was a fire level and you have to navigate through the flames. Simple and the level was build and easily recognized to give you a specific route. For me when the fire started, one voice said (there is no time, go through the flames). So I said, Ok lets try it. I knew the result but when they tell you they will delete your savefile if you do stupid funny things like this many times, it prevent me from enjoying the game as I want. I wanted to fall during going across the log and see what happen. I will never know now.-There are repatitive parts so not everyone will like the gameplay asspect. I know I was bored at some point so take a break and then come to play which should solve this problem.-Ending of the story was understandable but one part was ""left for your imagination"" I guess.-Anyone who wants achivments will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The ending will delete your whole savefile and there are no way of choosing the level that you want to collect something you forgot. Not affecting me but there are people who will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I rather have the option of choosing any stage you want after finishing the game.Conclusion, this game is a one time play through for me and it was fun(most of the time). I have glitches here and there but nothing game breaking which is good. If you enjoy games in one go like me and don't want what many want""replay value"", then buy it any time you want. If however, you want replay value then I suggest a buy during a sale."
76561197967631775,Recommended,414340,35056284,Posted: 18 September,all,Europa One X,Enjoyed it a lot.
76561198166799060,Recommended,414340,35097556,Posted: 20 September,all,Rozniszczator,Extremely immersive!
76561198064004688,Recommended,414340,35094846,Posted: 20 September,all,Wolf.Sco,"This game is unique in many ways. It has an amazing story, it is really immersive (headphones are an absolute must), and the graphics are great, although you could complete the game in around 6 hours. Still a must have for your collection!8.5/10"
,Recommended,414340,35039973,Posted: 17 September,all,oneyouhate,"Review for HellBlade Senua's Sacrifice (Senua's Psychosis)One of the BEST indie games I have came across, made by Ninja Theory. Price $30 on Steam. Horror/Survival Hack and Slash and Mind Numbing Puzzles.First impressions came across as a graphically beautiful and extremely optimized for PC, at least for my PC.System specs:PC name: SnowFlakeWindows 10 Pro 64 bit installed on a Kingston 256 Gb SSDASUS Crosshair V - Formula ZAMD FX 8350 BlackHyper X Fury 1866 Mhz 16 Gb 2 stcks in Channel 2 and 4Rosewill 1200 Watt PSUGame installed on:Adata 480 Gb SSDMSI RX 480 8Gb Gaming X GPU in a PCIe x 16 slot2- Samsung CF396 1980 x 1020 Freesynch monitorRoccat Kone XTD mouseRazer Black Widow Ultimate keyboardSteam Controller which is what I used for this play thruThe amount of hard work and dedication placed into this title is UNREAL, impressive and no less worthy of any AAA title released. During the progressionof the game your filled with lore, story and very sinister scenes. I spent the course of six days playing this after work and as I started nearing themiddle of the game the level of immersion and connection with the Heroine reached a level that I would catch my self trying to go to sleep only to getback up to play the game ""just a little longer"".The puzzles not only challenged and intrigued me, but they reached a level that I would pass the Steam Controller to my girlfriend for her to finishsome of the puzzles. She tends to occasionally glance over and check games out I'm playing, this is the first one she would actually just sit, watchand held interest in helping the story progress even further.There is a mention or teaser or a possible follow up story with Senua, I hope it happens.125% recommend this game, but you will only love it if you're able to complete it before you're overcome by the ROT."
76561198216127020,Recommended,414340,35082005,Posted: 20 September,all,Specializes in happiness !,*I have gtx 770 and this game is best work in my labtop*story is geatset and deep means*gameplay is harmonious
,Recommended,414340,35083597,Posted: 20 September,all,croos,Great experience! Highly recommended.
,Recommended,414340,35083246,Posted: 20 September,all,Goscalyon,"I spotted this game through the E3 trailer and I was quite interested in it right away.This game sets the mood right at the start with an atmospherical/philosofical ride through an amazing story that uses audio like not many games do these days and especially since the main character has a mental illness this allows for a really awesome surround sound effect (headphones recommended).Fair warning includes some SPOILERS.The best parts about the game are:- The story, you get to go through the same experience as the character and you too wonder what is and isn't real. Although it isn't a very long story (took me 7.9 hours) but it is filled with many great puzzle mechanics (will come to that later).- No UI elements/healthbars floating around, which could make it slightly more difficult for you to know if you are nearly dead or how close to dead the enemies are. But this is done VERY well, visual effects are in place to indicate whether you are almost dead and the character movement will also change the closer you are to dead which I think is really immersive.- Puzzle mechanics, since the character is experiencing a psychosis the world around her and the puzzles that she creates in her head make perfect sense to her to try and save her beloved. The cool thing about these puzzle mechanics is that they are all visual related, sometimes it has to do with finding symbols 'hidden' in the surrounding, where other times you are faced with illusions. These kind of puzzles portray the elements of a psychosis very well atleast what I would think it would be.- Some boss fights, I really liked battling the Beast and the seperate stages it has even though the combat it self is pretty straight forward the bosses (especially The Beast & Valravn).The ""worst"" part of the game really is the combat, even though I didn't mind it that much.I would most certainly recommend this gem of a game, its absolutely one of my favourite games of this year (and probably of the last few years) and because it is a much smaller game the price is also much smaller!"
76561198072981876,Recommended,414340,35109920,Posted: 21 September,all,The Malaka,One of the best experience I've had playing a game in a long time. The story and pace is extremely well done. For people worried about the deths leading up to the saved game being deleted. I died tons of times and still was able to complete the game. it just adds to the tension of it all. Hope this helps and please do not pass up this game!
,Recommended,414340,35112052,Posted: 21 September,all,Frosty,"Buy it.(pay no attention to the live action thing, im guessing they needed to save money somewhere lol. Seriously, buy it though)"
,Recommended,414340,34262669,Posted: 15 August,all,מטסﬣ,"idk what im doing, keep dying in fight ............ I havent got a clue................ dodge/evade ...........time stands still, push parry/dodge/heay/light/buttons..............die...................restart.......from CHECKPOINT.............go thru motions...........find glyph, etc, etc.............fight........die........rinse............repeat......no help........all is hope is lost.............dont understand .............i give upmaybe its a good game, I havent got a clue, keep losing the battle. fed up"
,Recommended,414340,34115743,Posted: 8 August,all,sku,"If you want to know what it's like being a paranoid shizophrenic day in and day out, simply play this for an hour. You won't regret your new insight into the lives of the mentally ill."
76561198079496382,Recommended,414340,35073123,Posted: 19 September,all,SupMatto |K|,"Norse mythology and their interpretation of psychosis make this title super, super cool. I feel like this game does an incredible job representing how terrifying mental illness can be. The environments and the voices inside your head make this game so so so unsettling. The gameplay is a mixture between puzzles and swordfighting with some cool♥♥♥♥♥stories thrown in. Ninja Theory recommends that you use heaadphones when playing and I can confirm tha the difference with/without headphones makes a huge difference so make sure you use them! Also ithout spoiling too much I will say that you definitely want to find the stones and focus them because the tales of Norse mythology are too badass to pass up. As for the technical side, the game runs fabulously. I'm playing on maxed out everything with a 980Ti with 75-90fps. Highly recommended even at full price. Ninja Theory nailed this."
76561198073393602,Recommended,414340,35140594,Posted: 22 September,all,dancingburrito,"This is what video games were invented for, to offer a unique experience, something you couldn't experience yourself otherwise. It's dark, heavy, engaging, immersive and an absolute blast. I haven't been so invested in a character since The last of us. An absolute 10/10."
,Recommended,414340,35140272,Posted: 22 September,all,NelsonBlackout,"Its a well made game, i'm not big into this type of phychological thriller but i can see its marit. I personally find the vocies interesting to listen to and how they actually help you (if you ignore the negative one). got stuck in one of the trials but none the less i have respect for this game."
76561198096224112,Recommended,414340,35143488,Posted: 22 September,all,asacarlson96,This game was a breath of fresh air and it was done beautifuly.
76561198233042040,Recommended,414340,35149986,Posted: 23 September,all,Warren,"£25 for an 8.5 hour game with the combat and music this game has? Definitely worth it. If combat is usually tedious and boring for you, you'll be glad you picked this up once you get used to fighting. I'm not gonna write a list of pros and cons but I will tell you there's nothing that would put me off buying this game. If you love a great soundtrack and convincimg atmosphere with a confusing but interesting story, this game is for you."
76561197973514405,Recommended,414340,35151075,Posted: 23 September,all,uwf.| Hershberg,"Plenty of detailed reviews, better then what I can make,all I am going to say......One Hell of a expierence."
,Recommended,414340,35166256,Posted: 23 September,all,Captain WHALE,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,414340,35185553,Posted: 24 September,all,[cis]GodofWarII,Just WOW! This is just one of those games that sticks with you. Visuals are just amazing. Combat system is smooth and easy to learn.  I am very impressed by this title and for 30 BUCKS ? I've played much worse for double that price......THIS IS A MUST PLAY GAME!
76561198107311515,Recommended,414340,35251174,Posted: 27 September,all,omed_86,"I know this game is story heavy and explores mental illness and stuff... But what I really enjoyed was the combat! Very simple but requires you to observe your enemies carefully and feels very satisfying!And all with no HUD what so ever! Instead you pay attention to ""the voices"" inside your head and visual cues. I find that very unique/rare.Pros:- The combat!- Great art: graphics, music, voice and performance. (some textures could use higher res, but overal looks nice.)- Nice puzzles.- Interesting stories about viking mythologies, that keep you company during those lonely lonely dark scary times :o- Photo mode! For both AMD and nVidia card owners, PS4 too.Cons:- Very narrow field of view.- I did say it has nice puzzles, BUT sometimes they get annoying as you may have to move back and forth a lot and Senua is kind of slow for that.- Both narrow FOV and various ""contextual visual effects"" sometimes make it really hard to see, leading to dying and ""wtf just happened?!"" moments. Idk if that was devs purpose but I found it annoying.Caution: The game is kind of scary at times! I don't play horror games often, so it was quite stressful for me at times. Some people like that idk."
,Recommended,414340,35253401,Posted: 27 September,all,essayer,"I believe this is a great game (for the price) and I'm glad there are devs willing to explore new topics in creative ways in a world of rehashed storylines and gameplay for today's videogames.tl'dr: Awesome story and setting. Decent combat. Terrible puzzles/walking sim segments. Worth your time and money if you appreciate good stories told in creative ways. Don't buy it if you are an action games junkie looking the next big Souls game or God of War type of thing.Strong points for this game are:Story; explored in a very creative way, keeps you guessing and wondering the meaning of the past, present and where the heck you are going. I was very intrigued throughout the game up to the end. I liked the characters and their delivery was very good (voice acting and expressions).The artistic direction was on point for the content of the story. At some points I almost felt like I was playing a horror game (which to me indicated the game delivered the message it intended)Weak points:Gameplay mechanics, etc.; lacking. Very. Standard combat mechanics (light attack, heavy attack, block, evade, counterattack), you don't get to upgrade your character or acquire new skills/weapons in at all throughout the game. While it felt very satisfactory to defeat enemies and time your moves right, you won't find anything special at all here. But I would love to see them expand on what they have going here in the future.Puzzles (?); I get why the puzzles work the way they do, and it makes sense in the context of the main character's story. However, they are way too repetitive and bland. And just like the combat, the first puzzle you solve is the exact same mechanic you will see throughout the whole game. Walking simulator while you discover runes/story elements."
,Recommended,414340,35243718,Posted: 27 September,all,Observer,By far one of the best games i ever played.
,Recommended,414340,35250182,Posted: 27 September,all,UsoSaito,I find myself touching basis with my Dark Souls gameplay.  This story-driven game is probably one of the best I've played and believe anyone that enjoys a good story should play this game.
76561198197664683,Recommended,414340,35214920,Posted: 25 September,all,miss.keirston,Great visuals. Great story (with some insight to mental illness). Great music. I love this game. Good on horror and even small glimpses of humor. Would recommend. The only things I'd like to change are: 1. A better extended ending. I didn't care for it but that could also simply be personal opinion. 2. Have it be longer.
,Recommended,414340,35251026,Posted: 27 September,all,Drezta,"One of the most intense video game experiances I've played.On one side the combat could be more fluid, on the other living with psychosis in the vicking era is not easy so nor should combat.My only critisism is that it does not support 3D vision however"
,Recommended,414340,35253624,Posted: 27 September,all,Visceral343,"Insainly immersive story, beautiful graphics, and who doesn't want to play a game with a mental health warning? Taking you into the mind of someone with mental health problems such as psycosis for this game, and letting you see the world through their eyes. A lot of love was put  into the making of this game and it shows. Can't wait for the next one!"
76561197987054656,Recommended,414340,35232574,Posted: 26 September,all,Shallas,Woa... O.O
,Recommended,414340,35248662,Posted: 27 September,all,OberFeelKommando,Wow. Just wow. This game was absolutley incredible. It was so fresh and inovative and the themes of it are so rarely touched upon. It is not perfect but it is a unique gem that is a must have in your gaming library.
,Recommended,414340,34097146,Posted: 7 August,all,AwesomeNick,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is going to be a bunch of people's game of the year, and came incredibly close to being mine, and is at least still a contender if not the clear winner for me. I love the combat, the story, and the heaping helping of style. There've been some minor hiccups with narration and gameplay, but other than that it's been flawless, and the PC port is really good. Hellblade easily gets a recommendation from me.Nitpicking time! After finishing the game and returning to this review, I feel that my opinion has soured a teeny tiny bit (9/10 to 8.5/10). A certain boss fight towards the end lasts far too long and caused the combat from that point forward to feel very tedious, as I had then run out of new mechanics to learn. I still think the combat is very well done, I just wish that boss fight had been better balanced to respect your time. I also felt that the ending could have been slightly better. I won't go into why, but a certain line or two at the very end really brought me out of it, and I wish it just hadn't been included. Finally, the technical side: The specific glitches I encountered were a couple issues with narration being triggered seemingly randomly and clearly out of place, and with Senua getting pulled into a rock when trying to start balancing on a pole (had to back out to main menu to continue). I also had noticeable framerate drops (90-60) in the area before the second to last boss fight.Now that nitpicking time is over though, I want to emphasize that this game is amazing and very unique, and I highly recommend it to everyone. Oh, and it's a steal for the price ($29.99 at launch), so do yourself a favor and pick it up!"
,Recommended,414340,35260306,Posted: 28 September,all,Switchblade,amazing and captivating.
,Recommended,414340,34949035,Posted: 14 September,all,etl0g,"The Nordic mythology mixed with the exploration into the human insanity provides the basis for a dark, stirring mood. The game is based on fear, and anxiety exploration and the stunning main character, respectively the excellent performance of the lead character. The combat system sometimes cannot keep the pace, but the rest of the game is an unconventional joy that is definitely worth buying."
76561198351617171,Recommended,414340,34959058,Posted: 14 September,all,Instadong,"This is a wonderful game, it's pretty, the voice acting is great, the story brings you in, and it's easy to pick up and learn. The combat is pretty challenging at first, but once you get it, it's smooth and fun.Lots of suspense and neat puzzles through the game, overall I would highly recommend the game to most, however if you have active psychosis maybe be cautious, as it can set off psychosis in some people who already have the condition. (info I learned from my room mate, who has auditory hallucinations).A great game, highly recommended to play with headphones!"
,Recommended,414340,34961850,Posted: 14 September,all,TrueScope,"A fantastic, gritty experience.The use of sound and visuals (especially the whispers in her mind) are just... fantastic.They really give you the feeling on anxiety and dread that the developeres were trying to convey; I even had to stepaway and take a break a few times.A fantastic story told in the way that only a game could. 100% recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,414340,34962052,Posted: 14 September,all,Twiz,"I definitely highly recommend this to all the intelligent gamers out there. I'd almost call this a walking simulator that happens to have some pretty fun combat. Music, visuals, and voice acting are all top notch.  Took me on an emotional roller coaster... especially towards the end. Defintely worth the $30.8.5 / 10 - Buy itNote: Played with controller thus can't comment on KB+Mouse controls"
76561197973509503,Recommended,414340,34871872,Posted: 10 September,all,GameofLife,The best game I played in decades. Hellblade pushes the industry forward by destigmatizing psychosis where other mediums continue to demonize it.  Hellblade is a work of art and an important milestone in the video game industry.  I can not recommend this experience enough. This is the future.
,Recommended,414340,34897983,Posted: 12 September,all,giersi,"I had schizophrenic friends. Unfortunately they scared me so our paths seperated. I feel like I can understand that whole thing a lot better now. #digitalgamebasedlearningThe game doesn't only cover this deeply interesting topic, it equally covers the deeply interesting topic of northren mythology, that I learned a lot about already and I didn't even finish the game yet.I'm sure pretty much every metal head will approve this combination lelGraphics are the best I ever seen, the girl's cute and stunningly animated with Motion Capture technique.Development progress is entirely transparent, you can watch it on YouTube in a playlist that starts 2014.The combat system is so. freaking. badass.We have all we have in Dark Souls (except we have only one sword and no upgrades -> skill based ONLY)...and it feels even better than Dark Souls combat for me, because it's a little bit faster and innovative:- We have an overpowered parry which I love- We have slow motion- We have a kick- We have a charge- We have a custom dodge roll depending on how long you press the buttonThe puzzles were the only thing annoying in the beginning, but that was instantly forgotten as soon as I figured out how they actually work because from that moment on they were also super fun.I thought NieR: Automata was my personal game of the year, sorry Nier, Hellblade it is."
,Recommended,414340,34897608,Posted: 12 September,all,Nocticon,A game like this doesn't come along every day. Truly remarkable.
,Recommended,414340,34895527,Posted: 11 September,all,wasa4587,"it's amazing, hear the voices in my head, and watching all those weird colors, nice game"
76561198273890880,Recommended,414340,34895613,Posted: 11 September,all,gruntsudens,Beautiful. Hauntingly beautiful.
76561198067634230,Recommended,414340,34830278,Posted: 8 September,all,kolramy,"Easily the best game I've played since The Witcher 3. Amazing storyline, jaw dropping grand fantastical sets accompanied by badass music, and a fun combat system. The ending is perfect... Gem of a game. Easily game of the year."
76561198079852373,Recommended,414340,34879465,Posted: 11 September,all,SteffDK,"You don't play Hellblade, Hellblade plays you!It's difficult to categorize this game. It's like a walking simulator like Dear Ester or Ether One with combat elements, but not really. It's more like Spec Ops: The Line. If Spec Ops is a PTSD-simulator then Hellblade is a Psychosis-simulator. That is also why you can't just watch a playthrough or watch your older brother complete this game, you have to play it yourself to get this experience.It took me about 7 hours to complete this game, but it left a lingering impression on me that continues several days after I finished the game. Just like ""the Hodor episode"" in Game of Thrones, this game left a deep impact on me because of its clever writing and brilliant performance (somebody give Melina an oscar for her performance as Senua!).This is one of those few games that really makes you think. I highly recommend Hellblade if you are looking for an emotional journey."
76561198004419185,Recommended,414340,34884525,Posted: 11 September,all,burkhardt,"Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is, as many people have pointed out, not a game but an experience. It's an experience because you're not actually just playing a game, you're also living a life in the shoes of someone suffering with psychosis. And as awful as that may sound, this game is a fantastic tool to help understand those who suffer from that mental ilness. By the end of the game, the voices that you hear really do get on your nerves and for a fraction of a time you have a deeper and different perception of how this disease can affect your day-to-day life. I got annoyed by them in a 10 hour game, now imagine someone that has to live an entire life with it.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifce also hooks itself onto the clichés of hack 'n' slash games and uses it to its advantages. All those corridor symbolize an obstacle that Senua has to overcome, in order to maintain her sanity and not give up to her darkness.Talking about the game itself - it's not a very long game. It's about 8 to 10 hours (depending on how much of a explorer you are) and after beating the main story, there's nothing left but a ""behind-the-scenes"" video where you can watch the developers talk about the game. However, it's fairly priced - clocking at 30€ for a new release.The gameplay and combat are not very deep and you will get the hang of it pretty quick (some might even get bored). But it's clearly intentional, because the developers wanted to focus the game on the story and sound design.The sound in this game is simply phenomenal and one of the best in the market right now. Not only has a gorgeous soundtrack that follows the gorgeous scenery, but the quality of the sound is unbelievable. The binaural sound that is used on the voices that Senua hear are frightning. Not only because you feel like there's 2/3 people beside you, but because it feels like they are whispering in your ear. It's mindblowing. Next on, are the environment sounds which are just spot on. Rain, waves, wind... Everything is crystal clear. If you have a good quality headphones - use them on this game. You will not regret it.Finally, in terms of graphical fidelity - it has a AAA game quality. Not only are the textures and models pretty great, but also the animations are fantastic. Shout out to the actress who gave life to Senua. Fantastic performance.It's also very well optimized game, with a variety of graphical options on the main menu that you can tweak to maintain the desired frame rate.Overall, it's an amazing game and for now my game of the year.9/10.Played on: i7 6700k, 16GB DDR4, R9 390 and used HyperX Cloud 2 headphones."
,Recommended,414340,34885561,Posted: 11 September,all,Quizy,10/10Beautiful game.
,Recommended,414340,34896219,Posted: 11 September,all,jOlv,amazing experience!!
,Recommended,414340,35264160,Posted: 28 September,all,Ruddiger,I have a mate that said this game is what it's like when he gets blazed and his girlfriend starts nagging at him to get a job.
76561198083648503,Recommended,414340,35278196,Posted: 28 September,all,Cicada13,"Is a must buy. No ifs of buts one of the most amzing game experieses ive encounterd. The way this game puts you into the mind of this character is something that has never been done before. The time , dedication and  reseach that was done just to make this game  payed off in every secund of this play through. I hope people buy this game and support this game studio we deffinetly need more developers like these."
,Recommended,414340,35277703,Posted: 28 September,all,E-Girlie,"I've never written a review for a game before, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity to express how much this game means to me. I beat the game in seven hours, it's short and sweet; however the impact it has left on my day to day life has been a major one. The game is about coming to terms with mental illness and the loss of a loved one, something I really needed at the time of playing. Never before has a game resonated with me like Hellblade has, I don't suffer from psychosis, but I do suffer with other sever mental conditions that impact my daily life both physically and mentally. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is the first game I've played that has portrayed mental illness in a realistic and sincere manner; Mental illness isn't something that changes somebody as a whole, but is a part of them, no matter their reality."
,Recommended,414340,35280473,Posted: 28 September,all,LSDark01,"The Atmosphere with the game is awesome. Play just for the ""lose your mind"" aspect"
,Recommended,414340,35343317,Posted: 30 September,all,Vincent,"A descent into hell and madness as Senua struggles with demons, both inner and outer.Another great game by Ninja Theory."
,Recommended,414340,35224388,Posted: 26 September,all,Bojingles,This is a fantasticly beautiful game with an immersive story line.  The facial animations are absolutely perfect and life like.  Highly recommend playing this.
76561197969387815,Recommended,414340,35221586,Posted: 26 September,all,jp3raptor,"this is a MUST play game, even though it is a little buggy.this is an experiance you souldn't miss out on."
76561198049593210,Recommended,414340,35225672,Posted: 26 September,all,Bioshock,"Great game, Had me hooked. short game for $30, but I enjoyed every moment of it! 10/10"
76561198096927014,Recommended,414340,35160305,Posted: 23 September,all,agamemnononon,"Great game. I had some problems at the begining, mouse sensitivity and toggle run but both were fixed pretty fast. Thanks to the developers for listening to the community.It's my first review so it might not have much structure but it has passion and tears, from the story and the action that transformed me into an action game player (I am comming from an adventure background).This is my first action adventure, at least this is what we called at my days, and i am looking forward to play the next of the species. The puzzles were not that difficult but it needed some looking around. The combat was challenging but i lowered the difficulty and after learning some combat techniks from youtube i didn't have any problem finishing the game. It needed some times to play again and again a boss but it was fun trying to.Great atmosphere, great graphics, nice combat, nice puzzles, great story and overall i loved this game. I hope the publisher will continue this great job and see many more from them."
,Recommended,414340,35160601,Posted: 23 September,all,Wobel,"Pretty unique experience, excellent graphics & audio, very emotional story."
76561198005719697,Recommended,414340,35160631,Posted: 23 September,all,Draeber,"This game is not for me.First the positive:It looks great. They animated real actors, so immersion is top notch. The audio is likewise also very good and even scary at times.The bad:I dont enjoy the game. The plot so far (if any) eludes me and every passed level is the same: go here, do this, fight that , repeat.I reallly tried to keep playing, hoping that something would catch me, but its not happening."
,Recommended,414340,35152984,Posted: 23 September,all,Opdude,Super awesome game great details and very great experience
76561197970990703,Recommended,414340,34265312,Posted: 15 August,all,morphismus,"I've just finished Hellblade and I must say that it was quite an intense and also emotional trip. In my opinion Senua is the most convincing digital video game character I've ever seen. Facial expressions, voice acting, animations and artistic style are amazing. The same goes for the dark and grotesque world the game takes place. I really like the way lighting, depth of field  and shaky camera movements are used. Since this is not a movie, but a game, we also need to look at the gameplay. Most of the puzzles play around with perspective, optical illusions and recognition of patterns. I found most of them quite entertaining, sometimes tricky, but never too hard. The combat system is quite simple and might use some improvements. Very often I was not sure which enemy is selected and attacked the wrong one by mistake. Also the lifespan of the enemies and my own sometimes appeared to a bit unpredictable. The same enemy needs 15 hits in one scene and only three in another. Somehow the combat reminds me to Ryze. Nonetheless, there are some nice moments in battle and killing bosses feels quite rewarding.  A lot of time you spend with exploring the world and moving forward within the fascinating story about Senuas illness, her background and norse mythology. The enthralling storytelling in combination with an outstanding technical presentation distinguishes this game from ordinary action adventures.To summarize - you should NOT buy this game if you're not able to connect with a digital character, if you don't like cutscenes/dialogs, story driven gameplay or if you expect the perfect action game. For all other players I'm sure Hellblade will be something very special. I would definitly buy it again!"
,Recommended,414340,35146001,Posted: 23 September,all,Tiny Rick,"There are few games which really stand out. I find that these days story is what drives me most, and most games lack in that. They opt purely for action and fail to show true narrative. This game... This one is on a world of its own. From the very beginning the narrative is rich and filled to the brim with lore. The world is rich with beautiful scenery, and the motion is fluid like water. Yet, there are insanely terrifying moments as well. It's amazing how the world can shift from this calming atmosphere to the most barbaric and hostile environment so smoothly. It's an invigorating experience. I often found myself wanting to stop to catch my breath but, at the same time, craving more. This is one of the most original games I've ever played, and recommend the experience to anyone.People often say ""play this in a dark room with headphones"" well, this game is different. Not because you shouldn't play this game in a dark room with headphones, but because YOU MUST do so. The audio is so powerful that it's an experience of itself. And, while definitely not the weak of heart, it's certainly something everyone should experience for the sake of knowing just how truly amazing this games development is.There is combat, but you can immediately tell that it's second to the story, and not in a bad way. Rather, the combat is simple enough that it ""compliments"" the story with this concept of a physical struggle alongside the psychological. It's never hard enough that it will seem unfair, but it can be made hard enough to simulate a true struggle for survival. It's very sharp and responding, I never felt out of control or cheated. The devs clearly thought out the combat as a secondary aspect as well, as you clearly have the option to turn combat into Easy, Normal, Hard or Auto to fit your desired playstyle. This way you can completely focus on the story and truly immerse yourself without the fear of frustration.This is game of the year material and needs to be played by anyone who dares call themselves a true gamer, it's an entirely different experience from the average copy/paste material we've all experienced over the years."
76561198008428991,Recommended,414340,35147878,Posted: 23 September,all,armadinho,"Really beatiful game, amazing graphics, great atmosphere. The story was one of the best I seen in games and kept me in the whole game.The puzzles in the game were of moderate difficulty and had to google just once to solve a focus puzzle.The battle system is ok, not something to be remembered, but was very well balanced with my interest for the story.I totally recommend this amazing game, if your gpu can handle it."
76561198343746642,Recommended,414340,35142202,Posted: 22 September,all,XxNerd_GaziamxX,"A very emotional, strory-rich game. I strongly recommend this game for something new and exotic. However, throughout the campaign, some parts were tedious as I became confused of where to go in order to progress the story. The enemies within the game were very well balanced; I recommend playing on ""auto"" difiiculty. Overall a very well-done game that deserves total recognition, however could use some work in some areas just like every game nees.. This game would definitely be something you would not want to watch on Youtube before playing it for yourself. If I had to rate it out of 10 or 100%, I give it a 8.5/10 and a 90%."
,Recommended,414340,35166065,Posted: 23 September,all,SadCraxo,Best game I've played/going to play in yearsTrue Masterpiece 10/10
76561198027935530,Recommended,414340,35192128,Posted: 24 September,all,daniel.herrera.castro,"The game draws you in and sets the mood masterfully. It is a rollercoaster of emotions. Actual game mechanics are a bit simple, but the story and the mood is totally worth it."
76561198039803360,Recommended,414340,35232163,Posted: 26 September,all,CatBug the Great,"I went into this game expecting a pretty average experience, as I have heard most people say that the game is decent but flawed. The game has met and exceeded my expectations and the only major complaint I have is that I want it to be be longer. I still got about 9 hours out of it.This game is about half the price of a AAA title, so I think that 9 hours is perfectly acceptable. What cements this idea even further is that I enjoyed those 9 hours more than I thought I ever would. I finished this game with an afterglow that I hadn't gotten from a video game in a long time.The game manages to balance combat and environmental puzzles in such a way that never seems to get stale. It cycles its focus so well, that I never grew tired of it. This is even more impressive once you realize that all combat is the same and the environmental puzzles are pretty much the same at their core. However, there is enough variation in the puzzles to feel fresh and new, but not too much so that familiarity in mechanics is lost. Puzzle mechanics smoothly transition in and out of environments in a way that doesn't make new concepts too sudden, nor do they end too quickly.The story is a bit hard to follow, but it focuses a lot on concepts relating psychosis. Even though losing touch with reality is something I have personally experienced myself, this sort of thing can very so much from person to person that it can be very tricky to portray in a way that everyone can understand.I'd rate this game about a 9 out of ten. There was no major flaw that really stood out to me, but there were a few tiny nitpicks that I had regarding the way the story was portrayed as well as two or three environments that weren't paced as well as the rest of the game.Overall, I loved the experience and had to tell my friends about it because I feel like this game deserves a lot of praise.If this game sold for a full $60, I'd maybe be a bit iffy about its length, but for the $30 price I feel like the time I spent was well worth it. I actually will probably get more time with this game because I'm already thinking about replaying it."
76561198049557421,Recommended,414340,35232280,Posted: 26 September,all,thump,Best game Ive played in a long time
76561198323269699,Recommended,414340,35231563,Posted: 26 September,all,jasonh28,"Awesome game, puzzles keep you thinking but arent ridiculously tough, combat system is tons of fun, challenging the more you go deeper into the game and Senua's psychosis makes the game very intense, creepy and gives you lots of goosebumps, must play with headphones, the 3d sound is amazing, and the voices in your head the entire game arent just creepy, but occasionally helpful, as is there is no tutorial to this game. well worth every penny. couldnt set it down, 2 days 7.4hrs i beat it"
,Recommended,414340,35397384,Posted: 1 October,all,Eagle!,Amazing game!  A Masterpiece!I hope they make more games like this one!
,Recommended,414340,35401386,Posted: 1 October,all,Fatherberus,"So I don't normally write reviews... I decided to make an exception when i read a review (on another site) about how this game doesn't respect mental illness enough because it, in some cases, glorifies ""the darkness"" as ""what makes someone special.""  The auther of the other review was really irritated by this.  They made a point about how their personal illness and anyone they know with mental illness has never benefited from it...and their nightmare has given them nothing but pain... needless to say, it was a very negative review.But as I read that review, i personally had to disagree.I have ... a few mental complications of my own.  Most are constrained and I am highly functional in neurotypical society, my darkness generally hovers just out of my peripheral and emotional vision, on the edges.  And in many ways, for me, I benefit.. greatly... from my often untrue perspectives.  They give me extremely fast creative and troubleshooting abilities in my career.  My ability to relax what is, to see what isn't, is invaluable to me.  Of course, I can only speak for me, and my darkness is not very dark, but can be very overwhelming and confusing........all that said:I personally loved the game, and to tell you the truth, instead of a horror filled thriller, I felt like i was playing a tear filled saga.  It made me cry.  It reminded me how much I hate societies that try to purge mental illness, either in anceint villages or modern times.  Not all subjective realities are evil.  Perhaps a lot are... I dont know, mine is as mixed as the share objective reality.  It reminded me how painful the horror of parental and friend rejection is, and in many ways those pains hurt more than what I wrestle with in my own mind.  It reminded me how fortunate I am: in time and location, that I personally am able dull my demons to an even fight with modern medicine.  I felt guilty that Senua had so few that validate her as a person of value, I wanted to tell her I dont mind her darkness, and if it hurts her, then we can seek a way to manage, supress, or coexist with it (the same you would do with a heart condition), and if she is managing, then i'll just dance with or ignore the nuances...whichever she prefers... and if she cant tell the difference, then I will just validate she is a valuable member of society... and take it day by day.But Senua isn't real... so i cried for others like her that are real.By the end of the game, i had stopped playing with skill and just ran directly at the darkness, I had to start over dozens of times, because I stopped being sensible and became blatently reckless... knowing that i would pay for it, but unwilling to let the shadows ""scare me"" as a player, and wanting to somehow gift Senua a way to rise out of her pain.. magically, unrealistally, willing her to not feel any more suffering.  It was one of the most connected to a character that i have ever felt, outside of a classic Pen and Paper or sophisticated  RPG.  I can even recall a few times I just had to put the game down because i couldnt tell if the puzzles were frustrating, or i was starting to accept Senua frustration into my own phyche.Is Hellblade perfect: no.Is it real: no (still a game, and my most frustrating moments were definately when the ""Interact"" button only worked in certain spots .. right next to where i had tried 6 times, but i guess not close enough)Was it fun... yes, well above average.  It was short, but i couldnt take anymore of the story anyway.Was it worth my money, yeah.  As both a gamer and as me, it was a solid value for my money.  I am happy to support the Devs, especially after I watched the ""Making of"" that you'll find in the main menu (it has spoilers, so watch after you play through)So yeah, 4.5 stars, Recommend, etc. etc."
,Recommended,414340,35403097,Posted: 1 October,all,FrankHurrican,It's really rare now that some dedicated people sink their mind and tell a deep story. Bravo Ninjia Theory.
76561198424228352,Recommended,414340,35402627,Posted: 1 October,all,4EST,Amazing game. Story was incredible.
,Recommended,414340,35390590,Posted: 1 October,all,Krousty,"A great game, an awesome journey !According to me, one of the best 2017 games."
,Recommended,414340,35400350,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr. Wednesday,"Great story; immersive and deep. Great graphics; atmosphere and details are awesome. Great acting; both acting and voice (including psychosis episodes) helps you get in the ""mood"".Kudos to Ninja Theory for delivering such a good game."
76561198171750818,Recommended,414340,35405993,Posted: 1 October,all,lizbook,"It feels like I didn't breathe for the past 10 hours of playtime.This rang true with my experience of depression on so many levels. I still feel the tension in my shoulders from the last battle. I still have a dozen ""GET UP, SENUA"" swear words on the edge of my tongue. And -- though I'm not sure yet about that ending -- I am so, so proud of her.And of you. And of us.The story's incredible. You'll feel things. Hold on tight."
76561198030809374,Recommended,414340,35372547,Posted: 1 October,all,realPeacemaker,Game of the year
,Recommended,414340,35377764,Posted: 1 October,all,BurnsO_o,Well worth its price.
76561198026164394,Recommended,414340,35381106,Posted: 1 October,all,[o4a] Kentravyon,"This game is the best i've ever played!I totally recommend playing it.The storry is gripping, the graphics are really amazing and all tis is mixed with great audio effects and an awesome Soundtrack.Through the whole game the mood is just awesome."
76561198294184361,Recommended,414340,35378483,Posted: 1 October,all,Cherokeedog,"This is basically a triple A game prototype. While limited by design choices in every direction, within those limits it manages to deliver a memorable experience, even if you’re not really into its theme, setting or subject.Plenty of reviews out there, so I’m going to draw the line for this one right here."
,Recommended,414340,35386188,Posted: 1 October,all,Ender,"Just amazing! Most unique and immersive gaming experience I've had in ages. Great story telling. You truely become one with Senua, her story, and her world."
76561198308629309,Recommended,414340,35388166,Posted: 1 October,all,whatsmells15,Great experience
76561197992886298,Recommended,414340,35397124,Posted: 1 October,all,A_Halibut_Gnome,"A wonderful experience to play, I had a full living room watching my playthrough on a 60 inch screen and everyone was enthralled.  I thoroughly enjoy atmonspheric games: I'd even go so far to say that's a prime requirement for me.  Also of note: my ancestry is a mix of Celtic and Norwegian, so it was that much more personal for me."
76561198000308480,Recommended,414340,35397566,Posted: 1 October,all,Illusive Shade,"This is my first review of a game on steam, but with this one, I feel like I have to speak out in favor of it.This game is the reason why I am into gaming - it combines visually and well as audibly stunning storytellingwith a beautiful yet haunting world to explore.I am currently on my second playthrough, my first one took about 10 hours.The puzzles are well integrated into the environment and shaped such that they even make sense regardingSenua's story and mind.  The combat system is fairly simplistic but fun to master, and it can produce somereally tense moments.As many reviewers have said, this game is definitely a form of art - but in way I feel more games should be.If you enjoy a uniquely presented dark story into the depths of the mind, this game is must play."
76561198129190890,Not Recommended,414340,34168677,Posted: 11 August,all,sovereign,If you expect good gameplay you won't find it hereStory is average at best with mental5/10
76561197993827729,Recommended,414340,35466409,Posted: 4 October,all,xsblazer,"this game in my opinion has a great story and is very good quality for the 30 bucks spent. the video quality is great and something you would expect to pay alot more money for, its a good mix of puzzles fighting and story telling."
76561197992559281,Recommended,414340,35462003,Posted: 3 October,all,Jersey,"Very impressive graphics, but still missing stuff. Very Good for start"
,Recommended,414340,35461124,Posted: 3 October,all,The Laggy Manatee,"I found this game fun and engaging from start to finish. It's a little short (about 8 hours), but for 30 dollars it is well worth it.I'll break this down into the good, the bad, and the uglyGood-Great story-you play as a character with psychosis, meaning constant bombardment of voices whispering and yelling in your ear-incredibly atmospheric: the sound and visuals keep you on edge throughout the game-full of Norse mythology, it even has optional Lorestones that tell the player more about it-great graphics (outside of some basic model clipping)-really neat gameplay, it switches between Vanishing of Ethan Carter-esque puzzle solving and somewhat Darksoulsian combat (though combat is fairly dumbed down)-Combat scales with the story, meaning that if you're meant to feel like a badass, you'l feel like a badassBad-mild registration issues when activating objects-somewhat repetitive combat, though combat is so broken up that it never really becomes a chore-model clipping usses, even in cutscenes (It's nothing major, but still annoying)Ugly-characters in flashbacks (Dillion, Zynbel (her father), Galena (her mother), and Druth) are all real people that have been filmed, and the footage of them has been put into th game. this looks really bad. Druth is the least offensive because he is heavily costumed, but computer cgi mapped people and real people should not be on the same screen (If you've seen Rogue One, you'll know what I mean)If you have an interest in Norse mythology or playing as a character with psychosis this is for you. If you like games with great story, this is for you. If you judge games strictly on combat, you still may enjoy this game. ireccomend it wholeheartedly."
76561198001462961,Recommended,414340,35436385,Posted: 2 October,all,Hoogs,Hard to believe this is an indie game. The production is top notch. Worth every penny. My wife hates games and even she enjoys watching me play this game.
76561197992473463,Recommended,414340,35446539,Posted: 3 October,all,Bear,Fantastic visuals and audio.Interesting story.Great bossfights.Mediocre trashmobs.
,Recommended,414340,35475257,Posted: 4 October,all,Hola sóc en Jou,"First of all I am going to say that this game sets the bar for what we should expect in character depth from now on. The story build around Senua is just pure inmersion, other games tell great stories but in this one you get connected with her world if you really enjoy story games. The game feels good and the vfx and sound are on point.I have to say that the game duration is perfect for the main story and it felt like playing a movie,  but I feel like it should have more extra content after the ending just to give it more replayability.I rate this game 9/10. I am not givng 10/10 just because for the lack of content after the main game ends."
76561198074944397,Recommended,414340,35483912,Posted: 4 October,all,sharklord13,.
76561197970653312,Recommended,414340,35493032,Posted: 5 October,all,Creamysmooth,"This will be a difficult one to recommend, even though I personally loved it. I can see that it wouldn't be for everyone because of subject matter or expectations, but I can say that I am glad that games like this exist, it was one heck of an emotional ride from start to finish. Excelent atmosphere, visuals and story made for one unforgetable experience for me.I would say that I didn't love the combat though, and it is not to say that it is bad, more that I was crap with it and struggled in a few spots of multiple enemies. I played with KB&M so maybe a controller would offer a better experience."
,Recommended,414340,35495668,Posted: 5 October,all,vesper,"Very good game. Terrifying, anxiety-inducing, emotionally-tiring and downright depressing... But I think this is everything that makes this game the most unique and enjoyable game of the past decade. Would highly recommend.Piece of advise: Playing with a controller makes things much better."
76561197988185749,Recommended,414340,35452896,Posted: 3 October,all,Lokien,"This is just one of those games that everyone should play. The story here is something that should not be missed. There's some repetition in gameplay mechanics, but that should not deter you. The puzzles in this game are fresh, innovative and well executed. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,414340,35458483,Posted: 3 October,all,cindermaker,"What can I say about this game that hasn't already been said by everyone else. A great experience, with a storyline that rivals even great movies.Dank AF."
76561198350556400,Recommended,414340,35458395,Posted: 3 October,all,Ravagerspartan,So far one of the best titles I've played.I really enjoyed playing this game from the begining 'til the end.Very recomendable for those who want an inmersive context.
,Recommended,414340,35000267,Posted: 16 September,all,GreiBush,"Pros:The atmosphere is really unique.  I like the mix of horror and Viking lore, which is definitely something you don't see every day.  The graphics and character design are great.  I think the overall artistic style makes a big difference, and this game does that really well.Cons:There's some random whispering at the beginning of the game, which I thought was a little off-putting at first.  It does become less distracting and annoying after the intro, and of course the volume can be adjusted for the voices separately.I'm not a huge fan of the combat system.  To summarize the combat, you have to identify an enemy's next attack, and react within a very small window by blocking, dodging, attacking, or stunning.  That's it.  It's pretty much a serious of quick time events, and it relies heavily on having very quick reflexes.  There's not a lot of room for developing strategies, or just having fun with it.  It all has to be done a certain way, unless you want to lose all your progress.  It doesn't help that a lot of enemies attack while spawning.There's also the perma-death.  If you die too many times, you lose all your progress.  I get the impression that not all areas count deaths the same way.  I didn't seem to get penalized as much in boss fights.  In other areas, if I were about to die, I would just exit to the menu, and reload the game.  Ultimately, this game mechanic is supposed to increase the tension, but it's just an added hassle.The game is also a little short.  It's supposed to be an 8 hour game, for $30.  That makes it $2.75 per hour.  I'd like to see it a little closer to $1 per hour.Summary:It's a great game, which I would recommend, but it might be best to wait for a sale, due to the price per hour."
,Recommended,414340,35481694,Posted: 4 October,all,Sam,"Incredible game, highly recommended. Combat is accessible and satisfying with an adaptive difficulty. Progress is steady and once you get going it's hard to put down, you're driven by Senua's struggle and you'll end up wanting to complete her mission just as much as she does.There's a permadeath feature but the only time I came close to succumbing to the rot was when my gamma was set too low to see a doorway during a time-limited segment and died a couple times trying to figure out which way to go. Other than that the adaptive combat difficulty keeps you right in the sweet spot between frustrating and easy.The psycosis is incredibly well handled, you're never alone in the dark with these voices chattering in your ear. My wife has had a few episodes and says it's very similar to her experience.10/10"
,Recommended,414340,35499002,Posted: 5 October,all,LightWrath,"This game was captivating and so original.It's so good that Ninja Theory published this themselves as I can only expect that a corporate round table of out of touch executives would have had no idea how to handle the psychosis aspect which this is game is based around.They would have probably made it a jump scare fest horror, added loot boxes some how and doubled the price.This is a gaming experience like no other. Senua's story is so touching and it's told in a way that is somewhat cryptic, yet understandable. Everything fits in with the overall theme of psychosis.The game combines aspects of combat, which feels very fluid and responsive. Along side puzzle parts, I'm not always a big fan of pure puzzle game but this for me hit the sweet spot where there is a nice balance between the 2 so I'm always invested.For me this is best game of the year so far."
,Recommended,414340,35502231,Posted: 5 October,all,algotrash,This game is absolutly insane. Never seen anything like it. What an adventure.
76561197981068898,Recommended,414340,35500959,Posted: 5 October,all,uBaH9o,Awesome game! Showing how we struggle with our own ego our entire life. There is no such thing as an external enemy - we ourselves are our only enemies. The game's final is genius!Great game for only 30$/€. Totally recommend that!
,Recommended,414340,35482880,Posted: 4 October,all,Maximus TheDestroyer,If you kuck up the game makes you start all over again...I FREAKEN LOVE IT!Nobody's gonna hold your hand boy!
76561198177324755,Recommended,414340,35507413,Posted: 5 October,all,gaelan.gilbert,Just AWESOME.  So much work got put into this game.  Comming from a guy in his 30's not iimpressed by much out there.  This game touched me.
,Recommended,414340,35507977,Posted: 5 October,all,Trauma Llama,"Easily worth your time at a base level, absolutely required playing if you or a loved one have ever dealt with mental illness or psychosis. Combat light, mostly focused on puzzles and story."
