user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,414510,21368101,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,WearyAmoeba,"5089 is pretty much whatever you want it to be and it manages to be really fun and engaging in the process.  It's super hard if you become a hardcore base acquiring adventurer.  If you want to cruise around your base riding a hoverboard and taking giant floaty jumps over stuff there's that.  If you want to sneak around and stealth kill your enemies, that's an option.  If you want to jump in a plane and fly around go ahead.This is a very surreal open world space where everything is randomly generated.  The bases, buildings, quests... I loved 3089 and put a lot of time into it but I've realized now that I barely scratched the surface.  5089 expands on 3089 and gives you even more things to do.  You make your own fun here.  If you just want to buy a hoverboard and cruise around the world, trying to surivive, go for it.  If you want to build up your guy to become super powerful or stealthy or stealy or whatever, there's a lot of room. 5089 is hard but I've never been too mad at it for beating me up.  I still don't think I know what I'm doing but I keep going back to 5089 instead of starting up Fallout 4 again.  That says a lotThe game is inexpensive and there's even a loyalty discount from owning 3089.  Word of warning.  This is not Skyrim or Deus Ex or Fallout.  This is a one man show and the look of Phr00t's world is not ever gonna compete with games built by thousands of artists.  It doesn't matter though.  It's consistent, functional and weird enough that it's very  engaging.  If the screenshots make you nervous, stay away.  This is all about the gameplay.  Bottom line here is that this is another Phr00t game and his stuff is outstanding.  Support a great dev that makes really weird and entertaining games."
76561198104190575,Recommended,414510,22355336,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TheInquisitiveSpoon,"This game looks bad, and the positive feedback may confuse you, because when you look at the pictures you think, ""How?"", but in actual fact this game is amazing.I bought this for myself and a friend, as we took the risk, and he said that if we don't like it within two hours, we can refund it. By the following day we had 12 hours into the game and little to no sleep.So, just try it."
,Recommended,414510,21465846,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AgreedSA,"This is a really good ARPG shooter. It's got only the stuff going on that works well, basically. If a major developer bought this concept more or less as is and just changed it by adding higher quality assets and making it more multiplayer friendly, feel like it would have major hit potential. As it is it's gonna be loved by the folks that seek out these great indie gems - if you liked any of the following games, you might find something to like here:S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series in that it evokes similar inventory management and ""rpg lite"" inventory features like combining items (gun parts, armor parts, ... etc. parts)A.I.M. series in that it involves a lot of randomly generated objectives and rewards, and features speedy and somewhat floaty movement with moderately durable, and varingly dangerous robotic opponents (feel like this might have been a big influence on the game if the creator has played the series)Minecraft and other randomly generated geography games because, well, randomly generated geography (which is highly traversable and fun to get around, well done to the developer phr00t for that)System Shock 2 in the FPS RPG player character development mechanics and also another one I am reminded of by the way you handle inventoryObsidian massive singleplayer RPGs for a lot of the ""creative"" problem solving in a 3D rpg kinda game and also some hints of Elder Scrolls in the combatBorderlands series for weapons made of randomized parts (extends to all gear and makes customization something you'll do fairly regularly, which reminds me more of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games than Borderlands - I was always popping silencers on and off in the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games but I do think the weapon construction is more inspired by Borderlands since both games feature heavily randomized stats and item rarity for weapon parts)and I'm sure others, it's a really neat thing you have here. With Steam's refund policy, I feel like there's plenty of time to feel whether or not you'll click with the game - I feel like most gamers will figure out within a few minutes if it's going to be a fun play experience.The graphics are only alright, but everything is very crisp. I'm playing on a 2D monitor, and the game looks like it would be crazy cool in VR so I wish I had that, haha.Highly recommend the game, very affordable price for a rewarding and smartly made indie FPS / action RPG."
,Recommended,414510,23087432,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Xriah,"Don't let the screenshots turn you away. She may not be the prettiest girl at the dance, but she's got the best personality and goddamn if she isn't a good time.The game starts by literally throwing you into it from the sky. And there you are in this big bizarre world with nothing but your wits, some creds, and the barest of tutorials to get you going. This is one of those games that gives you just enough to allow you to play, but leaves the majourity of the mechanics for you to discover. I don't think I've said ""Oh, you can do that?"" this many times since E.Y.E. Divine Cybermancy.It's also got co-op support and Vive support. To my knowledge, this is the only game right now that you can play VR in with your non-VR friends. It also easily has the most depth for any Vive game out yet, seeing as how it's a complete game that has been given full VR support. And it doesn't have one of those stupid VR premium price tags on it. If you own VR, you have to give this a shot. Even if you don't like it, it's refundable. Us Vive users don't have a lot to choose from right now. What have you got to lose?Also, the developer (who's one guy BTW) is extremely active in the forums and cranks out patches regularly. Since I got the game a week or two ago, there's been five patches improving the VR experience, and alot of those changes have been the result of direct player feedback. He listens, and he follows through. Another big thumbs up for that.This is one of those games that Steam Refunds was built for. It's so strange as to be offputting and a more cautious buyer might not think it worth the risk. But you can always refund it if you hate it, so what's the harm? At worst, you lose an hour or so trying something new. At best, you find a wonderful, unique experience that bizarre, charming, and a blast to play!"
76561198000564041,Recommended,414510,25137381,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,jefequeso,"5089 is a niche game to be sure, but if you're the sort of person who enjoys dynamic sandbox gameplay in a psuedo-living world with a bit of indie charm to boot, it's loads of fun.Primarily it's focused on taking randomly-generated quests in a procedurally-generated world to gain better loot, level your character, and take on bosses to progress a linear story.  There's a great emphasis on creating a dynamic sandbox world that you can interact with in a variety of ways.  Enemy/ally NPCs roam the world freely engaging in battles with each other, and they can be attacked, snuck around, conversed with, stolen from, etc depending on what you feel like doing and what skills your character has.  Quests involve killing certain NPCs, protecting certain NPCs, finding certain objects... stuff like that.  They aren't really engrossing on their own, mostly serving as an excuse to engage with the world and explore, but they get that particular job done nicely.  There's also a robust loot system with randomized stats for items AND their individual components, allowing you to disassemble and rebuild just about everything in the game as you see fit.There's quite a bit to love about 5089, so long as you're willing to put up with a somewhat grindy experience that definitely exhibits all the typical strengths and weaknesses of procedural generation.  If you enjoy Bethesda RPGs or the Immersive Sims of the late 90s and want to see those ideas channeled through an indie proc-gen lens, 5089 is definitely worth a look."
76561198166075871,Recommended,414510,30937344,Posted: 4 April,all,timothy-butler,"When I first started this Game I was not liking it. Gun was crap(watch stats) and enemy had great aim, alot of thing left unexplained. Unsure what to do, where to go, what goes where and how. I kept at it and find it a very enjoyable game. Once you begin to figure things out, by trial and error usually, it gets better. It can be grindy if you like or straight to the frey if you choose. I am a plodder so don't mind a little grindy. Big thing is to read everything very carefully, answers are there just not obvious all the time. The developer also seems to be very active in the forum helping to answer and fix things, with many games on-going he still finds time to help,  a very good sign. Would highly recommend."
76561197998490461,Recommended,414510,21055050,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,cheep crybabby hatter,"The freedom in this game is intoxicating. There are very few things out there that are like it. I think the best fit (outside of phr00t's other creations) would be Terraria or Starbound.If you can get past the graphics, I heartily recommend trying this. If it's not your jam, there's always refunds."
,Recommended,414510,21181400,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Eviscinx,"5089: The Action RPG being the first game I've played out the phr00t's games and I'd say I am enjoying it gives you alot of freedom to do what you want whether it be doing quests in the starting areas to power your character up, to progressing through the story by defeating the 'X' bosses or just simply gathering an army and taking over the enemy zones.The only drawbacks Im currently having with it is the constant overburdening of your character from picking up multiple items after fights as well as the fact that melee weapons feel a little bit useless as you tend to get killed before you even get close enough to attack the enemy or your weapon simply just misses them for no apparent reason."
,Recommended,414510,23868949,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mithaldu,"It is ugly as sin, but confidently so. It has its own style which serves to convey an alien world and it does so with aplomb.Gameplay-wise this is a sandbox shooter with elements of Diablo (loot-collecting, crafting) and strategy (recruiting, building, subterfuge, vehicles and more) and even contains a story with multiple endings.If you can stand the graphics, and don't mind working out how a game works without being hand-held, then you should get this."
,Recommended,414510,23283922,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Rider of Dark,"5089 is an open world game, and as far as I can tell is effectively infinite. Regions are measured in levels and there's always a higher-level area to rush into. Beyond that, the player is free to take any avenue they want to get the job done.I'm a run'n'gun player. Get the long-range energy launcher, a low-velocity high-damage weapon, and have at the enemy. I spend a lot of my time running about and shooting. Or, just as often, I'm slipping across the landscape in a hoverboard, Floating on the surface and cruising at whichever direction I set. Only aircraft are able to keep up with me while I'm using the hoverboard, which is important when it's time to turn tail. An important fundamental in the face of some dangerously explosive enemies.As well as the energy launcher, there are a number of other tools and weapons available to the player to get things done. There are energy pistols and energy rifles, which are respectively short- and medium-range weapons. Both are able to charge rounds, which gives the player the ability to deal a hefty alpha strike.Energy weapons are dependent on the player's energy. Which is used to power utility items as well as energy weapons.The hoverboard is unique in the game. It is the only utility item in the game that does not consume energy. It is also unique in being able to be used simultaneously with other items and weapons. This is fantastic, allowing the board to become a second facet of mobility. This is furthered with two of the other utility items. The grappling hook and the telelocator. The grappling hook is what it is. Target a location, fire. If the target is close enough, the hook grabs on and pulls the player. The second is the telelocator. Fire off a ball, which rolls off into the distance. At the players command, the player teleports to where the ball was. And in either case, the hoverboard can be active while swinging about with the hook or popping about with the telelocator. Utility items only consume energy on activation, not on sustained use.There are a number of other utility items. The decoy, which in application is very similar to the telelocator. Instead of teleporting the player to the ball's location, a doppleganger is instead created to pull the attention of enemies. The GraviGun. Hold and fire crates, whether to defend from a hit or two, or fling those explosive crates at others. And then the Gravity Hole. Suck in the standard size robots and crates for one fine grouping. Using those in tandem yields some great results.There are weapons that don't consume energy. Instead they consume ammunition, an item the player carries about. Once again launchers are slow-projectile high-damage weapons. Either packs quite the punch. However. there are three other weapons in this category. The pistol and the rifle. These two items offer something different: silencers and scopes. They give players the ability to snipe others with ease. They also are prime for taking advantage of a stealth attack bonus. The last of the ammunition-dependent weapons is the uzi. A weapon with low accuracy making up for it with the fastest firing speed in the game, as well as the only instance of automatic fire. Great for dealing with large crowds.And then there's melee, something that I'm only beginning to play around with. There is the sword, essentially a long sword, and a dagger. Slow and high damage, or quick and low. Charging the weapon gives the player the ability to lock onto a target and then, fully charged, make a leaping attack. This attack will trigger regardless of enemy, flying or grounded--the leap attack is viable as long as that enemy is in range.And then, to top it all off, there are the stats. Health--in the game measured as stamina--defense, guns, melee, and a slew of other support skills. They all have an impact, and just as the exploration is (probably) infinite, so too is stat building. I've spent countless hours running quests to buff stats to the point where I was a demigod. Able to be taken down by my own foolhardiness, but overall able to take everything and dish it back. I don't know where the stat cap might be, but I know for certain that it is quite possible to have any given stat number in the tens of thousands.Improving stats is quite simple, and quite fast. Quests reward stat points, which are used to increase whichever stat the player desires. Quests are fast, simple, and aside from the story-specific ones, infinite. While they do spread the standard gamut--escort, protect, kill, fetch--there are also some dedicated to stealth. Best of all, each quest set takes less than five minutes to complete.Enough quick action to entertain for short quick bursts, and enough diversity to keep entertaining for hours. And the game saves automatically; quitting at any time is totally viable.The only thing I don't like about the game is conversion points. The world is powered down, and requires the player to convert bases, take down boss towers, and the occasional neutral surveyor in order to unlock access to stores in higher-level areas. This has not stopped me from spending way too much time (e.g. not enough) running around and causing havoc on the planet's surface."
76561198155732259,Recommended,414510,22710967,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,kamran2430,"Quick note to anyone who hasn't played the previous games, I mostly intended this review for people who've already played 3089. However, you do NOT need to have played any of the previous games to enjoy this one, and if you dont care about story I would actually suggest just skipping to this one (or 4089 if you prefer the look of the gameplay). I do have an old review of a previous game on my page that describes the style of gameplay, but I don't no how helpful that would be when there are plenty of better reviews on this page. The grappling hook/hoverboard/other movement options are all REALLY fun to play around with while taking potshots at enemies, so if you want you could play it like Just Cause. Oh, and pro tip: If it ever does feel like it's getting grindy, do something to progress the story, kill a Surveyor for surprises, or change the type of equipment/playstyle you use.______________________________________________________________I decided to play for a while before reviewing, in case my knee-jerk reaction was too strong. And the game really holds up to all the hype that me and probably all of a dozen others felt. As a sequel to 3089, it excels; the story of the planet Xax continues, and is as interesting as ever, with multiple endings and all, though I wouldn't consider the story to be a selling point; and the game itself is in the same open-world style as in 3089 and the obsolete 2089 (or was that 3079?), choosing not to follow 4089 which departed from tradition.[EDIT May 4th 2016]: Damnit, looks like I didn't wait long enough to review. I spent a lot of time messing around like it was Just Cause 2 instead of progressing, so I didn't see that THERE IS a lot of new content, in the form of new and improved enemies. The rest of my review still holds true, 5089 is an awesome sequel to 3089. Now that I think of it, I should probably add a note at the top for people who haven't played any of the other games. [END OF EDIT]I'll be honest here, the game seems pretty similar to 3089- It can feel like the same game at times, but vastly improved (Though that can be said of many sequels). The biggest differences to me are mostly technical- The game runs much better, multiplayer is much improved, the stats/weapons are better balanced, and like 4089 the game has complete VR support. Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of new items/mechanics, but unless you go out of your way to make a character that uses the new weapon/equipment, they have a minimal effect on gameplay despite being very fun to mess around with. Of course, the developer is still improving the game, now that he has player feedback, so expect bugfixes, balance tweaks, etcetera, every once in a while (every couple days right now, since the game is new). Speaking of that, the developer is very active in general, he even answers most peoples questions in the discussions board.The last thing I need to say, is that the game might just not be for some people. If you don't know if you'll enjoy it enough to be worth buying, then I really recommend trying the demos and/or the other games first. Try watching a video on YouTube maybe. Oh, and if the graphics are what's making you hesitate, know that you really do get used to them if they bother you.There, not a very cohesive review but hopefully it's helpful."
,Not Recommended,414510,30620484,Posted: 19 March,all,Yvs,"If you ask me, this is a truly aimless feeling game, and to some that unlocks endless wonders - for me, it just feels too bland to dedicate time to. The mechanics are simple and familiar, and I take no issue with the visuals. My issue is with how everything just feels kind of ""meh"" - nothing feels impactful and progression feels nothing like progression.Read the other reviews that go over what people enjoy about the game and watch the gameplay video. Honestly, unless you've got an immensely over-active imagination, it's about as fun as it seems. That's just my opinion though. I enjoy games like Ghost Recon: Wildlands, GTA V and Payday 2, so it's really no wonder this game didn't suit me.I hate to leave a bad review for a game that I know is simply not my cup of tea, but I want to give people who are wary an idea of what this game may feel like to somebody who is used to consistent, varied action and prefers that in their gameplay."
,Recommended,414510,23038260,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,beason4251,"5089 is a great way to spend a few hours here-and-there. You're looking at a campaign which lasts about 8 hours on your first run and a unique collection of gameplay features which are executed well (if rough around the edges) and can easily draw you in for many hours after.The features I find myself drawn to again-and-again include- Infinite, memorable, procedural worlds. The terrain generator, while quirky, generates landscapes that are visually interesting and easy to find my way around. I can still remember large sections of the map from memory.- Infinite linear-effort progression. There isn't a plateau after which going after higher difficulties takes longer and longer. There is no ""level cap"", and each difficulty level takes about as much time to progress though as the last. This avoids any sort of level-plateau, and you can feel a sense of progression after just playing for an hour.- Random loot without the grind. As levels are infinite and easy to progress through, you're never forced to grind away after something which only drops 1 in 1000 times. You can, if you want to (and it's a valid playstyle), but it isn't required.- Adaptive gameplay. Your first few hours, you're probably going to treat this like a FPS/RPG hybrid. Once you start learning the mechanics of the game, you'll find that there are many different ways to play (all of which are possible from the start of a new game). Among the many: stealthy assassin, sniper, Just Cause-style grappler, squad leader.The above is packed into an amusing, self-aware game. The story touches on interesting themes, but I don't feel as much of an emotional (heh) connection to it as I did to 3089."
76561197969362928,Recommended,414510,22803334,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,acegamer,"I picked this game up to play on my Vive a week ago.  When I tried playing the game for the first time I was really confused about how to play it and only played for a short time before giving up.  Thankfully I didn't give up and forget about the game.  I read about the game play tutorials that were availabe and watched the VR tutorial to better understand how to play.  After that I tried the game again and it was a completely different experience.  When confusion over the controls wasn't in the way the sheer FUN of the game shined through.  Raiding an enemy base and physically leaning around corners to shoot the enemy robots really makes for a visceral experience.  It really is a VERY FUN game in VR.  If you find yourself confused when trying to play if for the first time, don't give up on it!  Especially look at the VR tutorial and then give it another chance."
,Recommended,414510,33114263,Posted: 1 July,all,Animal Genetalia,"When I came across this game in the steam store I instantly thought I must have it but not because it looked like a good game. In fact I thought id probably play for a small amount of time, joke around about it, and refund it before it was too late. However once I started playing I quickly became fascinated and couldnt seem to pull myself away from this game. Its quirkiness turns out to be awesome in fact I can say it is extremely fun to play. I cant help but imagine what playing this game would be like on acid. Amazing. In short, buy it."
,Recommended,414510,20941940,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Wuffell,"A few hours into the game, 5089 seems to have all the best parts of 3089, and some new mechanics. It adds control points to expand your areas, which is a pretty good feature. It encourages strategic goals, instead of just trying to kill stuff. In practice it was hard for me to understand the control point system, but that's mostly because I ran into a bug. Go to the top of the tower, kill the boss and that's sorted. My trouble was due to a bug where the boss didn't spawn.This game has a ton of random elements, including the map, equipment and quests. This variety means no two games will be the same, even if the overall goals are still the same. Unless you delete your character and create a new one with the same character name! Then it shares the same world. Still, there's tons of randomness in the equipment drops, so you can collect for a long while before you're happy with your equipment. Somehow the game doesn't feel grindy, probably because the action is quite intense.The graphics are done in a specific style and some people will think the graphics aren't good enough. If you're worried about this, simply watch the video to see if it's good enough for your liking.3089 encourages slow play, and punished players who tried to complete too many of the boss challenges too quickly. I haven't confirmed it's the same here, but I'm guessing that's the case. Don'y try to play this game quickly. Instead, do the quests, get more equipment and improve your character, and worry about the rest later.The music is excellent and really appropriate too, which is a really nice touch.At the start, I find it's useful to put a few points in Prestige. For your first game, I would highly recommend starting with a few points in it, perhaps even try the Leader class. Then you can have other robots following you around and help you. Walk right up to them and interact with the robot and they will follow you, subject to a few conditions like your prestige value and the number of robots that are already following you."
,Recommended,414510,23356526,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,eric,"Yeah, the art not great in this game - but what Phr00t lacks in graphics, he MORE than makes up in gameplay, programming, level layout, AI, pathfinding, procedural generation and humor. This game is so fun that it puts most AAA games to shame. And it's huge and super fun!You'll love it. Buy it."
76561198085362152,Recommended,414510,22034613,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mythreber,"Developer is very hard working when it comes to updates. I highly suggest this game for those who like to relax and play alittle bit of an RPG game. The game is great playing alone but EVEN BETTER when it comes down to all your friends gathering up and dominating all and everything around you. Lots of people love RPGs and this is a great RPG. Suspect more updates a long the way and more features to be put out. We have no idea what is next, he will listen to community feedback. :) Buy this game. Give it a go!5089/10-Dominate everything."
,Recommended,414510,21275793,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ludo | Howling Lord Baralax,"Forget Fallout 4, this is the futuristic post apocalyptic game you've been waiting for. Settlements under attack? Pshaw, enter an otherworldly adventure of perpetual warfare.Freeform skill development? Check. Diverse weapon component system? Check. Hoverboard + Grapple Hook across the world mayhem? Check check and CHECK!If you liked 3089, then I can guarantee you'll like 5089, and while it's more ""expandalone"" than true sequel, the changes to the gameplay and game engine are brilliant.2000 years have passed since the events of 3089, and the planet Xax is falling apart around its inhabitants audio receptors. The Overlord has gone missing and a new Master has risen to a position of influence. The Gold robots find themselves hunted almost to extinction in one last outpost and their Purple enemies are -everywhere-With a greater focus on capturing bases, and more streamlined gameplay, this is a fantastic game and a worthy successor to the original and provides more ""sandbox"" gameplay than many AAA titles. Sure, there's ""boss"" robots to hunt to progress the storyline...or you could just strike out in a direction and conquer Xax!Heartily recommended!"
76561198058991354,Recommended,414510,20940315,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,aLiEnCaKeTwitch,"omg this game is so fun, its got all the good fun of the open world with the freedom to do what ever you want like i mean right off the bat the first quest you do as a reward you get stuff to take over bases and expand on your own, im so glad that phr00t made another game. this game could become like a full mmo with a big server and a bunch of people joining it, with the base building and the great gameplay. needless to say im buying many copys for friends to play with. Such A Good Game."
76561198037138569,Not Recommended,414510,23843227,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GordnBenit,"Really wanted to like it, unfortunately I felt I had seen it all, just an hour and a half in :(5089 offers everything I could ask for, from a sandbox RPG robot warfaring type of game - on paper that is.Sure, it's a procedurally generated world of infinite proportion, thats great right? Not really, the world is quite obviously a grid and each square lacks any real sense of diversity. Objects and buildlings are so frequent, once you've seen them the first time, you've seen what it'll be like for the rest of the game. While they are themselves interesting to explore initially, the sheer frequency and lack of diversity amongst structures just makes the game all too repetitive.Well, there's a lot of cool loot to find isn't there? Yes, there is! There's grapple hooks and hoverboards, some construction tools, a variety of melee and ranged weapons, consumables, ""chips"" (stat modifiers), and armour, so that's a lot, and they come in different level sets too. But, like with procedural generation, gear is far too frequently found. Crates of random items literally scatter the world anywhere and everywhere, so it's not hard too come by any of this stuff in the first 10 minutes of gameplay. And furthermore, most items lack any visual variation at all, the only difference between level 1 items and level 3 are the stats, that's it. No interesting models variations or change of inventory icons, it's all just the same but a different colour and stats. No unique or legendary items with unique perks and abilities, just the same stuff from start to finish.There's a story though right? Somewhere, it's there, but only in the background. Unless you've come from the last game, you probably won't be at all concerned for whatever reason there's this 2000 year war going on, that you find yourself in the middle of.OK but what about quests? Everything, becomes a CHORE. Go there, pick that up, kill that guy, protect that one, give that item to another guy. You know, it wouldn't be so bad if the story was more prominent, but you're literally doing a random series of tasks for no reason other than to gain credits, gain skill points and conversion equipment. Which in itself should be fine but it's not because the only things you can spend credits on are items pretty much, which are already so easy to find in world, skill points will be just as useless to use because the only reason you need them is to improve your character but that doesn't matter when your only aim in the game is to advance and claim enemy territory, because you've seen every type of land tile already so why do you need to explore any further in the first place!?!You get the just.TL:DR5089 has the makings of a great game and if I could give a neutral rating I would, because it isn't bad, it's just badly executed. While it has some great mechanics, they are all played out far too early and too frequently in game and so I don't feel I'm gonna get an anymore enriching experience by continuing to play, as I've already seen all it can offer.I hope this game still sees work as I would really love to come back to it in a better state, but for now, it's not for me."
,Recommended,414510,20949861,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Umbrage,"It was 2 AM and I had not slept the previous day over a year ago when I first had played 3089.""This game looks awful, we're both tired, and it has co-op."" We said, looking to play something for a joke before bed.That same night we got hooked and addicted to quite possibly the only indie game on steam that looked like a potato that I actually really enjoyed. We played for 10 hours straight before finally passing out with everything done.So when I saw 5089 on steam in the new releases? I didn't hestitate, I knew straight away that this was the successor to that one game that didn't suck and completely surprised me.I think what I'm trying to say is this game is surprisingly good, and if you have second thoughts on buying it at first and read this review, then I say buy it - because ♥♥♥♥ me, if it surprises you the same way it did me you're truly in for a treat."
,Recommended,414510,22072301,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Musa.Joker,"I do like this game, i geniunely do. But do not expect AAA experience from this game(well why the hell would you anyway. why did i even say that...) This game is the product of a developer who has passion doing what he likes doing. And i appreciate it.I don't know what i should write for this review. I have fun wondering around, shooting enemies, and getting better stuff so i can take on some of the harsher ""violets"". I'm new to this ""x089"" series and it does seems pretty cool how the developer Phr00t can keep this going as a series. What got me interested was how unique this game was compared to others.It does have the ""experimental"" feel to it and iLOVEthose types of games. I don't know why but i do.If this game goes on sale, give it a shot. I paid full price because as i stated above, i do like these style of games and i like thinking of what the developer went through / what they did whilst making it.Phr00t, if you are reading this: i liked spermination too <3"
,Recommended,414510,20944597,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Ero Patissier,"Overall, if you haven't played 3089 before and you always wanted to see ""Procedural-Generated Open World First Person Roleplaying Shooter"" adding ""Weapon Crafting and Customization"", don't be put off by the visuals because this is has all that and a bit more.For those who don't know about 3089 (and are willing to look beyond the looks), I will describe it as 5089 is pretty much that but with some changes:You are a prototype robot and you are dropped on the planet Xax where two factions are fighting each other: the gold bots(your faction) and the violet bots(the enemy faction).Your main objectives are to defeat powerful bosses that are roaming around the infinite, procedurally-generated world. Obviously, you can't take on the boss from the start, so you need to choose and complete randomly-generated quests that will provide you with skill points that you spend on different stats depending on what you want your bot to be strong at (mine, for example, is good at stealth and guns, making those cloaked shots, deadly).There is also a weapon crafting/customization system where each weapon is a combination of parts, each one with it's attributes that you have to manage by exchanging less good parts by others you buy or find, making the weapon closer to what you want it to be.There are also utilities and gadgets that, without spoiling anything, will make you discover interesting and fun combinations that you will certainly want to integrate with your playstyle.For people who played 3089:For better or for worse, I had a defined gameplay cycle (for 3089) was: Set Backup(savepoint)->Complete Quests->Get best possible weapon in that area->Get new ""gadgets""->Move into a higher level zoneThe biggest change apart from the story, are the unpowered stations.As of yet, I am not a big fan of that mechanic. Perhaps because I used to grind for credits on my level zone and then go as further away as I could to buy a high level weapon so I could return and pave my way through quests. Now, you have to search for violet buildings and clear them so you earn enough points to be able to unlock the stations that sell weapons. I guess it gives more purpose to exploration but it makes me feel a bit stuck, especially when the first two building I found (due to the not perfect procedural generation of the map), were partially underground, covering all access to upper floors, making them virtually unconquerable.The UZI is a damn fine addition, although it is weaker than the other weapons, the full auto shooting makes a difference for the best, at least for me."
76561198044751918,Recommended,414510,20944966,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Jerry Seinfeld,3089 is a great game and i play it every now and then. But as soon as i saw this on the store page i had to buy it.... It has the same game style of 3089 but runs better and has way more content. where you could only get few types of guns (highly customisable btw) i saw many new guns. there are those weirld lazer towers that scare me and the apocalyptic style is a great sequil for the battlefield that was 3089. i give it an 8/10 IGN.
,Recommended,414510,29755807,Posted: 6 February,all,Agent Cythera,"It's hard to describe this game, but the closest thing I can come up with is Fallout 3, but with interesting combat and with the story (which was terrible) shaved off.The gameplay consists of balancing skill points, weight, and items and alternating between completing quests and conquering randomly-generated territory, with the ability to build yourself a house and such.The game is a balance between managing item parts, managing skills, and conquering territory for Gold Team or completing quests. This creates an interesting interplay between bettering one's equipment, and getting stat points to make the character better.Also, you will have a favorite weapon, and it will break when you die, and you will feel true despair."
,Recommended,414510,22818897,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Alex1989,This game is fun. I bought it because I wanted to play it with my HTC Vive.Playing it with the Vive was difficult and somehow strange. I began with the Roomscale mode where you have to teleport with the ball you can shoot. Not the best way to move because it's very difficult to move around and dodge in combat. Also you pretty much always teleport somewhere above the ground.Then I tried the mixed mode because I've been immune to motion sickness from the start (lucky me). Moving with this was much better but it definitely takes some time to get used to it. But in this mode I hovered about one meter above the ground. Aiming and shooting with the motion controllers is great. But the melee attacks seem to be buggy. I know you have the two options to attack an enemy with the right motion controller but that somehow pretty much never worked for me. I just managed to hit a target with two swings. With all the other strikes my weapon went just through the enemy's body and nothing happened at all (but it works perfectly when playing it with a monitor + keyboard and mouse). Hopefully this gets fixed soon.
76561197967226696,Recommended,414510,24708085,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Freak,"Played this all the way through with an HTC Vive.  Totally blew away the other ""experiences"" I've tried, since it's a real game.  I took my time, but it was incredible fun for all ~15 hrs.Pros· Shoot helpless turrets around corners like you would IRL· Combine parts to make your own 3-part weapons to your liking· Plenty of good robot humor· Enjoyable music· Variation in weather/meteors and enemy styles are at a good pace· Baddies are a lot bigger than you, so when they get close in VR, you just want to teleport away before you die· The only time I got dizzy was after getting circle-strafed by a surveyor ship, and I had to unwind the cord by spinning the other way 40x (j/k)· Very responsive and active developerCons·Must read tutorialsand pay attention to Quest tab or you'll get lost· God stuck in the ceiling on the top floor a lot, but you can reach through walls/ceiling and teleport out if need be· Can't fly or use grappling hooks in regular VR mode· Not much of a story, but that's typical for a procedurally generated gameIt's been a few days, so I'm starting to feel like picking it back up and trying hybrid VR mode so I can try the flying and grappling hooks out."
,Recommended,414510,20945725,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Deadjack,"""5089. Phroot is back with a totally assumed sequel/update to 3089. Better in every ways, 5089 is the game that looks like no one. Will you challenge the forces that control XAX ? Will you be able to master your skills and became the ultimate robot ? Now it's up to you to start this journey.""The 3k and now 5k serie is a one man made creation. Phroot is a devoted developper to his passion.And you can clearly feel this hard work into his games. The last up to date was still in the same universe but oriented on stealth approches. An excellent catch and i was surprised to notice the release of 5089. It take previous qualities to blend them into a new excellent game.More enemies, more items, better graphics.... and 2 player co-op.You can also recruit new allies like the spider robot or bombs clusters to add more variety to your groups.Because in 5089 you can gather robots and storms enemy bases with dozens of armed allies.Add to that stealth, hacking, building bases, piloting and even equipement crafting.And you  bet that's a decent blend of many genres.5089 is a nice update especially with the territory systems, dialogues and quests that add more interrest on long term play.My only regrets:Still want better looking weapons, even if you use x16 anti-aliasing setting, weapons looks the same.Yet an excellent game.Good job Phroot !"
,Recommended,414510,31390509,Posted: 27 April,all,unseen4ce,"This is a very good game.My favourite moment was when I bought the telelocator by accident. At first I thought it may be good for escaping heated situations. Then I tried it while in stealth mode, and it is awesome. You cannot run in stealth mode but you can use the telelocator to travel quickly across the landscape, unseen. You can fulfill whole quest without being seen. I invested a lot of points into stealth and finally got enough credits for a scoped rifle. On one quest I managed to move onto a mountain side unseen, take down the target with one shot and escape. You are actually vulnerable when you take the shot because stealth mode is disabled when you pull the trigger. I think the Dev has put a lot of thought into some of these utility items that usually combo well with different playstyles.SETTINGThe quest variety is good, and the setting, makes for a very fun experience. There are constant battles between robots all around, there are robots hanging out in bases and chatting (lol) or guarding bases, you can build turrets. You can dive to the bottom of a lake to get a quest item or walk right into a heated situation. You have to seek-out shelter when a meteor shower comes. There are storms, there are day/night cycles, there are different landscapes and different bases. Because of the setting every quest is different, sometimes getting a simple quest item could be very difficult because of it's location while a quest to kill four robots may go quite smoothly. This is one RPG where the game mechanics, setting and varied quest elements all work together. Again, I think the Dev put a lot of thought into this.I like the robots, the setting would not be the same without the robots.PACELastly I want to comment on the pace. Once you get the hang of it you may want to base yourself in a more difficult area because you can skip a few item levels by taking a risk and moving into a higher level location. So the pace of the game is very open world and always challenging. In many games there can be a bit of a grind, or slow points inspersed with action/fun. This game is always fun, there is always a lot going on.It is quite an achievement to be able to randomize so many elements and make them all work together, it provides for a top experience and something you will look forward to playing. This game is right at the top of my list."
76561198025031225,Recommended,414510,22358680,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Axeking,"Fairly steep learning curve - but not because it's hard, but because there is so much involved, and so many choices. :-)You don't need to play any of the previous games to have fun with this one, but I do recommend you look to the guides to get a better idea of what to do at the start. (Don't shoot the gold robots for one... :-)You will find some frustrating things - for example you lose 1 random component when you die. Could be something meaningless, or the guts of your best weapon. Ooops...Overall, there is a lot to do, and a lot of fun. It is very much tactically oriented yet if you don't plan for the long term you will get hosed.And one final tip - if your initial base is bad, try to start again ( new game name) to generate a better one. It can make a big difference..."
,Recommended,414510,23770190,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Derl,"If you have a VR headset and you are looking for a game that is more than just a VR experience BUY THIS GAME.Too many VR games out there are just demonstrations of what VR can do. This game, on the other hand, is an actual game first and foremost. It just happens to be amazing while using VR. My buddy plays with me without VR and loves it as well.It has seemingly endless content and is actually challenging, the item stats and numbers may seem daunting at first but they add a depth to this game that is missing from so many titles.I play with the Oculus Rift using steamVR."
,Recommended,414510,24569170,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,explodes,"Finally a VR game that is more than just point and shoot.It has a bit of a learning curve, and the graphics are not great, but it is fun to play and explore."
76561198089358214,Recommended,414510,21263790,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ant13035,"I'm going to do this fast and simple.Hopefully. I will compare this to 3089 and 3079.Combat: Guns are 2 types, energy and ammo. Energy takes energy (No duh), ammo takes ammo. You can buy ammo at weapon shops and find it. There is no Certain gun only ammo, it works for all guns. Unlike 3079, guns have a clip. You can only shoot so much before waiting a few seconds to reload. This rule also applys for energy weapons. Holding right-click with a sword charges a dash attack that may do more damage.(I don't know if it does...) That can be used to kill flying enemies. Weapons have stats that have multiple effects. Swords can reflect shots, corrode,(Corrode = Poison) stun, and a few more I think. This can also apply to guns.Crafting: Killing enemies can drop parts. Parts can be combined at a workstation to make guns if they are the same type of gun.(Can't put a dagger blade on a sword hilt) Some parts are better than others. Weapons have an overall level. Level 1 weapons can have a level 3 part if I remember correctly.Skills: The skills are Stamina, Defense, Energy, Agility, Guns, Melee, Stealth, Prestige,Programming, Consumables, Pilot, and Stealing. Stamina is health, Defense is damage you take per shot, Energy is maximum energy, Agility is Max burden for running and jumping. You can still run and jump when over burdened, but it will be slower. Guns is gun damage, same with melee. Stealth is how fast you get detected when in stealth mode, Prestige is lower prices, more and stronger followers, Programming is better results when modding chips,(talk about that later) Comsumables is how effective comsumables are, Pilot is piloting better vehicles, and Stealing is better change at stealing. That run-on sentence, wow.Enemy Bases: Enter enemy base,kill all enemies in the square, use convert chip, repeat with expantion chip. But now, there is Convert points. They power the gear in enemy bases so you can use it. When you raid, a lot of gear will be turned off meaning you can't use it. That's all I can think of for this right now.Stations: They explain themself, Armor, Weapons, Quests, Workstation, Chips, Health/Energy stations. But, Utility stations are the cool grappling hooks, Black holes that hold people in place, hoverboards, Gravity guns, Decoys and Teleporting Cube Gun. Also, grappling hook dont take you out of stealth unlike 3079.Building: I Never really built outside of messing with it to see how it works so... I don't really know.I would write more but I really don't feel like it, cause it still need to explain; Aircraft, Time stopping, Gun types. Few others I can't think of. Go read another review or just look up gameplay.TL:DR Its fun and smooth look sounding ect. ect. Just go get it."
,Recommended,414510,20944451,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Joel,"Lots of fun, specially with a buddy. The loot system is excellent, so much variation on your weaponry and armor."
,Recommended,414510,21235907,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,drWoof,"This game is good, i liked it! Its a bit hard sometimes, but still goodPros:Unique graphics (for some it may be like a con, but i myself like this style)Custom weapon makingHoverboardsBuilding toolsStealth systemControls that allow you to dodge stuffImproved world genAlso, more other pros im lazy to list because i am a dog.Cons:Can be a bit hard sometimesNo dogs/dogbots/overdogs/overdoggers (though, who knows, maybe this con is just for a small time...)And the developer of this game is a nice guy, one of the developers that actually talks to people.Overall, 8/10."
,Recommended,414510,23411347,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Big Pee Pee,"It's a pretty fun game, you run around doing quests, leveling up skills and getting better equipment. It's got some pretty neat items like the teleporter gun, grappling hook and hoverboard.My only complaint is that fullscreen doesn't seem to work on my computer. Definetely worth the 8 bucks."
,Recommended,414510,21439981,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TIKI500,"overall, great game. Dont let the basic visuals fool you, very engrossing experience.  Played for hours and im still discovering more in this game!Full Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRnumXBNhSk&feature=youtu.bePros- lots of replayability- good movement (like TF2 feel)- Awesome dev- Fun action- Tons to do- A lot to exploreCons- not the most beautiful game- Not a lot of variety with weapons"
,Recommended,414510,22067019,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Res,"It takes time, but once you get into it you discover basically STALKER with robots. That's all I need to say."
76561198037277954,Recommended,414510,23029525,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ig83,"Please do not let the basic visuals put you off!5089 is a huge open world RPG and is fully playable in Virtual Reality. I am currently playing with HTC VIVE. It fully utilises the motion controllers . Analog movement can be toggled, teleporting is here too for those new to VR or you can combine the both in mixed mode. Aiming with guns feels fantastic seeing the environments in full 3D with huge structures and skirmishes blows my mind you feel like you are in the game! It's crazy. 5089 also supports coop multiplayer!! So you can share the adventure with a friend.5089 has full classes and character development too100's of hours of fun, for less than 6 quid"
76561197960422850,Recommended,414510,23103185,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,KickyMcAssington,"Fantastic first person procedural action rpg. I've been playing on my vive which is an awesome experience. The game is challanging and fun, with a lot of depth that's not apparent right away, stick with it and check out some video tutorials and you'll have a great time :)The dev is also super responsive to feedback and has been pushing out patches regularly."
76561198010420033,Recommended,414510,23288928,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,james89000,"Outstanding VR game. Takes a fair bit of investment at the start to get your head around the controls and workings, but suddenly it grabs you. Hilarious commentary from the robots milling around. Game has interesting background story that slowly unravels. Play it."
,Recommended,414510,23492899,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,UnwarierSupidAss,"Overall very fun, the tutorial could be a little better but I dont mind it. The RPG elements are very fun and put a fresh feel to combat, especially when you notice a very large difference in the diffuculty when you up some of your skills. The game has nice enough looking graphics and very fun ""crafting"". The crafting system is putting together pieces of weapons or armor of the same type together with parts you want and selling parts you dont.There are some cons, such as it is not very clear how to take over territory. Also sometimes your healthbar and ammo/charge bars will not show up. These are not gamebreaking, but annoying. Another thing is flying enemies, they are too high up and are sometime very hard to kill. the last con is no mod support!Please, buy this game! 8.7/10"
76561197988437503,Recommended,414510,23514899,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Omensinger,"This is about the most fun you can have right now in VR. Shoot things, do quests, repeat.Brilliant"
,Recommended,414510,25094227,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Just Some Guy,"TL;DR Grinding skill points until you can fight a large boss.So where do i start...The gameplay: So you start off without a weapon, so you go buy one and some ammo and start a quest. At the end of the quest you are rewarded with skill points which can be spent on various skills. Every quest is random, and so is the entire world, although with the same kind of quest (for example: Go kill someone, go catch a rogue probe, go escort someone). Once you have high enough skills you will go and fight a giant robot which progresses you futher into the story. Enemies drop armor, parts of weapons and consumables like health. These can be sold or used. The parts of weapons/armour are then combined at a workstation. No weapon parts have the same stats. (This is starting to sound like a guide right now) There are other bases just like yours but owned by the voilet (The enemy robots) which you can take over. There are also buildings with spiked roofs and at the top of these buildings is a boss which once killed will give you a high level item and some conversion points which power other buildings outside of your base. Quests accepted outside of your base will give you a lot more skill points but are harder as you are pretty much always under fire.The graphics: may not be the best, but they fit with the game.The sound track: It is unique although there is only about 6 songs, all of which are great but are always playing and are bound to get repetetive at some point (The underground song kinda spooks me D: ).The weapons: There are Rifles, shoot a single powerful and long ranged bullet, energy rifle, which i assume does the same but consumes energy instead of ammo, launcher, Kind of confusing as one kind shoots explosive grenades (Kind of like the demoman from TF2) while the other shoots like a shotgun. there are a few others but i can't be bothered to write about them and hope you can see the rest yourself.Storyline: Imaginative. Nuff said.Phr00t: Fixed my save file when i accidently corrupted it. Amazing."
76561197995354483,Recommended,414510,21910524,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Rainseeker,"5089: The Action RPG is a game of contrasts.  While simple graphically, what 5089 does well is to give the player immense freedom to play the game and advance however the player wishes.  The controlls respond well and behave in a quake-like fashion.  It is quite satisfying duking it out with the robotic enemies.  The only downside at this point in development is it takes a while to figure out what is going on.  Stick with it, though - it's well worth the time investment!The game is being updated continuously, and specifically where I love this game is the community.  The developer is extremely responsive to community feedback, even to new players.  When I complained about the lack of NPC dialog, he promptly created a community-wide poll to get new NPC dialogs and implemented it in the next update.  Now is your chance to be a part of something special!  Buy it today and support this small indy developer."
76561198064490091,Recommended,414510,22133503,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bill_Dickmin,"A little bit of a lengthy review, but a good one.Let me start out by saying this. I have never before seen a game with such devotion put into it. This game is one of those things that you look at and go "" huh 8 bucks, indie game, it looks like it could be fun"" and boy is that right. This is an Action RPG that really is an Action RPG. You can play the game however you want. weather that be a sword weilding stealing stealthing ninja, or a guns blazin all up in your face dude, or a melee all up in your face dude, or a stealthy gunsman that can kill from 40 mile away, the list goes on and on. I think this may actually be one of the most fun RPG's that i have ever played. The point and quest system is amazing, and as you play the game enemy's get tougher and tougher and grow in level. The crafting is very cool, you can get different leveled parts to your gun that can add different skill points to your charecter build.LAST VERY IMPORTANT THING, READ THIS>>  Phr00t, the games developer, is honestly one of the best devs i have ever even heard of. If there is any problem you might have, he will always try his best to solve it. Back when 4089 came out i tried played it and had some problems actually starting it. I then looked at the community forum to see if there was a fix. ( keep in mind that i am on a mac which can make things a little rough) When nothing worked out from the forum Phr00t himself sent me a friend request so that we can chat personally on how to fix it, And we got it working. Now if ever i have something go wrong in the game i can always shoot him a message and i know he will respond to try to work things out with me. Also if i ever really like something i know that messaging him ""hey i like that thing you put in"" will be very appreciated by him. You can really tell that he cares a lot about his game, and he cares even more about the people who have play it.SO IN CONCLUSION>> Great game. Great developer who cares about the community. An actual really fun ARPG. 8 bucks. Get it."
76561197962125207,Recommended,414510,23436344,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ddblue,"This is the first game I've played on my Vive that really felt like a game. It's kinda like a sci-fi themed EverQuest adapted to VR. I will warn you, however - it is not easy to just jump right in. The good news about that though, is that I find myself actually looking forward to reading up on how to play."
,Recommended,414510,23494710,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dreksiss,"I bought this game after seeing a recommendation from Immersive gamer on YouTube. I wasn't sure I'd like it, but it was only 7 bucks so I took a chance. I'm really glad I did! This game is just plain fun. There is a bit of a learning curve, but if you watch the tutorials you'll be off and running in no time. It has all the elements of a great RPG. Classes, equipment, skills, quests, etc. and some of the banter from the other robots is funny. Can't beat it for the price. Give it a go."
,Recommended,414510,22889882,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Apple,"This is such a weird and quirky little game that I did not expect to get much out of for $6.30. I had seen it before but the RPG genre mixed with what seemed like♥♥♥♥♥♥poor graphics gave me the initial impression that the game may have been popular to fanboys of the series but wasn't seriously worth looking at. Judging a book by it's cover, yada yada, I was very very wrong.5089 is a procedural borderlands-like RPG where you traverse a very colorful landscape to do some story or other, I haven't really looked at it yet, but from what I gather it's pretty interesting. Throughout your travels you find different parts for different weapons and utilities (a weapon consists of parts, from two up to five or six) that affect different aspects of your weapon, like projectile speed, damage, type of bullet, and various other unique modifiers like leech and reflectivity.The way skills work ties nicely into how the world generates and what you can expect from that batch. First off, there are enemy and friendly open-roof bases that spawn the respective NPC's and can get quite large. Your job is to convert all of the enemy bases into your own ""faction""'s base all the while getting better armor, weapons, and utilities. At these bases are things like weapon, armor, computer chip (more stats), quest, consumable, utilities, etc. vendors that ramp up at each base you go to. The difficulty of the map increases as you go further away from your home base at the center of this large ever expanding circle. As you go away from the center, you get more skill points from quests, more money, better parts, higher leveled guns and enemies, and other things of that nature.Skills are handled very well and I wish they were handled like they are here in other games. With every quest you complete (which are randomly generated but ultimately share the same 3-5 picks of ~15 unique goals) you get money and skill points, and you get a generous serving of them, which makes completing quests and getting 70 points to spend really saitisfying. There are about 12 different food groups of skills, including stealth, piloting (there are fighter jets), gun & melee, and programming (for getting better stats on chips). You assign these bodacious skill points into these groups and get better results in different things, like being able to fly new planes or being able to recruit better NPC followers.Control feels very nice, I personally enjoy it a lot. The gravity feels slightly less than that of the moon (assuming your carrying capacity isn't over, in which case you just go slower) but you still have a lot of control over your character. Sprinting doesn't use your energy bar so it's something you use all the time to fling yourself around in the air. Flying controls are great too, and at all times I feel like I'm in control of my situation.I got a lot more out of this game than I originally thought I would and after 16 hours I'm not disappointed nor done. The developer responds to all inquiries immediately (literally like 30 minutes) and with a semi small playerbase and single developer, he reads all suggestions and requests and responds to all of them. The game is constantly updated even after all this time and the dev really shows great professionalism when dealing with everything. It's actually kind of incredible."
,Recommended,414510,23324868,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Michael Juden,"5089 The Action RPG is game that blends FPS gameplay with RPG elements, then adds to it unlimited world and some cool mechanics.This game may be difficult and may be easy depending on how you want to play and how fast you want to progress. The farther you are from the starting area, the stronger your enemies, the better loot you can find, and buy.Customization is endless, each items consists of 2-4 parts, each with its' own stats which can be broken down and combined as you wish (assuming you're not mixing a hat with a silencer).As you would expect from an endless world game, it might get repetitive. The quests are not very unique from each other, and the weapon variations are pretty similiar.There is a story that progresses as you play, and some interesting texts to read while you're playing and questing, making the story and setting feel misterious and interesting, and cool utility items (hoverboard, teleport gun, and more) that let you have a lot of fun with. Theres also a build feature, which I haven't tried out yet.VR is supported, you have bosses, time rip, you expand your territory, you can recruit dudes to help you, theres multiplayer support and more. Overall, 5089 The Action RPG is unique and very well made, with satisfying content, fast and fun gameplay, and well worth my money."
,Recommended,414510,31914573,Posted: 23 May,all,[102] Street Jesus,"This game scratches a certain itch and that's why I appreciate it as a whole, and while I cannot speak for anyone else obviously, I rather enjoy this game.It's a simple, retro, endless loot-hunt, with armor and weapon crafting elements, in an open world. That's about it...One of those games you can turn on your favorite music playlist or a podcast, run around unencumbered by narrative or any type of restriction, and just fly around and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥The best part of this game (in my opinion) is the hoverboards and grappling hooks.When combined, well... You'll just have to experience the feeling to understand!"
76561198043773339,Recommended,414510,26404611,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,24601,"Holy crap.  This game.  I'm not usually into fps games, but this has just the right amount of rpg character development a small story, and dynamic quests that are enough to draw me in.If you buy fps's for their graphics, don't bother with this.  The presentation is passable by my standards but that's hardly a reasonable rubric for graphical fidelity.  Still, the art style blocky though it is is good enough for me, and grows on me as I play further.  But I'm not picky.You don't have to play previous games in the series to enjoy this one.  I didn't even hear about this game until two days ago.  It's a good game to mess about with, maybe take on a mission or two with your character, maybe start a new world with a new bot.Definitely a solid buy for the money spent.The quests are surprisingly intricate, with four rules for each step of a potential quest that takes the rules into account when rewarding points or credits.   The rules are basically revolving around either detection or killing.  The rules being limited to the target of the quest (you either allowed to be detected by any other bot but the target, or no bots.  Same thing goes for killing.)  It can be quite interesting if you choose to play a nonstandard character, such as a thief, who isn't allowed to kill or be detected by anything on a particular quest, and probably ends up with greater rewards.Most quest hubs have ten to twelve quests it seems, so you have a good variety of things to choose from.  Still, I wish there were more quest variety for all the variety there already is.  Something like grandtheft bot where you jack vehicles and land them at a specific point.  Perhaps install stealth modules or improve the piloting experience.  I admit I haven't played much with vehicles at this point, but think it would be cool nonetheless for players who choose to run their bots with piloting skill.Anyway, as you can tell, I like the game.  Lots of charm and fun for a small price."
76561197972682729,Recommended,414510,21136050,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,n0083r7,"The flow of 5089 is truly addicting once you learn the sum of its parts and how to establish yourself in the world. Grab a weapon and some armor, do a few quests, kill something purple, collect and sell some loot, boost your stats, maybe take down a surveyor ship, and then you'll be ready to get out and really explore. Out there are multi-level dungeon type headquarters, huge purple bases waiting to be converted, wild terrains, trippy visuals, and tons of variety in enemies who don't want you getting the precious loot they're holding. You can go by land, air, hoverboard, or grappling hook, just make sure you don't go too far out too early. The terrain of Xax gradually increases as you leave your home base so you'll want to experiment with different skills and weapon types to stay ahead. There are many different play styles you can go with from a stealthy melee character to a charismatic pilot with followers in tow or just a guns blazing one robot army. If you find you're lacking in a particular skill you can always boost it by searching out weapons, armours, and chip upgrades that satisfy. There is tons of variety in weapon choice and many of the new utility weapons are awesome and really flip up your playing style (try out the decoy and teleporter!). You might be attached to your explosive/corrosive energy weapon now until you find that homing cannon rifle and really start tearing things up! All of this is tied together by a main quest that has you traversing all over Xax to kill bosses, make story altering decisions, and discover the secrets of those grey hatches...29hrs and counting!"
76561197994971393,Not Recommended,414510,31732511,Posted: 13 May,all,Occupant,"While I love the idea of a sci-fi genre open-world FPS, especially when it has VR support, this game is a bit too unintuitive and clunky to be the game I was hoping for."
,Recommended,414510,21013600,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Double Deuce,"Overall for a single dev I'm happy with what I got and I'm happy to support unique indy games like this so yes I'd recommend it.I'll use the cliche pros / cons:Pros------Unique-Skills / customization so you can play how you want-Random gen-Dev that communicates well with us and cares-Has a story I've yet to complete-Surpassed my $1 per hour guideline and I'm still playing it-Has non-combat skills that are fun like stealing, grappling hooks that you can use while stealthed / same with some other tools that are fun to use to get around.-You can build your own base with the build tool in the utilities shop along with constructing a ship (prebuilt), and other stuff like radar's, storage bins, etc.Cons------Story thus far seems kinda shallow / random / get the same story messages in quests, although I haven't completed the story yet to be fair.-Quests are so random it makes it non-immersive (Kill this bot, defuse this box, Escort this bot for example)-Robots say the same thing over and over and their names are like names out of a phone book which isn't immersive"
76561197995959605,Recommended,414510,20962886,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Nick Vascuas,"Despite the ""simple"" graphics this game is a pretty high quality sandbox RPG with randomized everything. There are bosses to kill, quests to do, bases to take over, enemies to destroy, bullet time, leveling, etc. High quality game by a dedicated developer for the price of a meal at McDonalds."
,Recommended,414510,25140559,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Markusaw,"This game is a great RPG game where almost everything is randomized. Your quests, weapons, clothing, enemies etc.I'm a huge fan of procedural content in games and that's one of the major reasons I love 5089 so much.Also if you got a friend you can set up a server, I think you need to port-forward the server if I remember correctly.Co-op is loads of fun. There is a cool feature in co-op that let's you merge with the other player and let one player be the pilot and the other be the gunner.Which is really interesting and unique.The graphics aren't too impressive. But I highly recommend that you still give this game a chance, it's a hidden gem that deserves way more attention than it gets.If you love to collect indie games like me this is a perfect addition to your collection.It's surprisingly cheap too."
,Recommended,414510,24578497,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mr. Grimm,"so i am a hooodge fan of 3089 ive put quite a few hours into it. and after finding 589 i was looking forward to having all the bonuses it comes with as far as gameplay. one thing i will say is that the diffuculty is cranked waaay up making leaving the first area really difficult and grindy. i always played a sort of ninja class so the swords were my main go to. sadly, the time it takes to charge your sword or dagger seems to be doubled which has made my favorite class no longer fun to play.the capture point system, while interesting, i really wish there was a way to scale it or turn it completely off. it just doesnt seem to be fun for me and from what i was used to in the original game.i was really happy with the addition of a new weapon and a few new gadgets, but i find myself jumping back to the original game for the aspects that made me enjoy the game to begin with. in a way, i feel that it was a wasted purchase. the new point system involved brought on what i feel to be unnescessary tedium to the game.even a difficulty slider in the way of the elderscrolls would be nice, something to slow the AI or make the game a bit eeasier in some way, right now im stuck in the beginning base and although my stats are up there, the gear i have is lackluster and level one. as soon as i leave the area i get annihalated. just to get loot from boxes requires these capture points as well as most stations outside the original base. so progressing is so frustrating that i have put the game down. now dont get me wrong, THIS IS NOT A BAD GAME, in fact if you enjoy unrelenting difficulty then this is a great buy for you. i just dont feel like it stayed true to the original, and that makes me sad. PHROOT, if you could pm me or send me a friends request to discuss a few things id greatly appriciate your time. this game deserves a workshop page as well."
,Recommended,414510,30379318,Posted: 7 March,all,Gnarl,Very very very fun open-world FPS! Its a bit hard to figure out what to do at first but after that its just shooting purple robots and exploring the vast 5089 world!
76561197972387998,Recommended,414510,21892672,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Zag,"This is an open-world FPS with elements of squad-based wargaming, CRPGs, arcade-adventures; there is loads going on in this game and it's tremendous fun. This also feels like the greatest game Pete Cooke ('Tau Ceti', 'Micronaut One', 'Tower of Babel' - ask your dad!) never wrote, and there are also echoes of some groundbreaking games of the '80s and '90s like Driller, Hunter and Damocles.Fast, fun, funny. 10/10, would say the wrong thing to a sarcastic robot again."
76561198041667717,Recommended,414510,23534432,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,BrainFucked,"Aall in all this game shines through perfect balanced gameplay and versatility referring to different skills, equipment and randomly generated “everything”. So please don’t be afraid about the graphics before you know about the “intrinsic values” of the game. By the way, this game has been created by a single person, who listen to his community!If you have questions or something else, the developer (phr00t) will not just answer you through the community hub – no, you also will get an invitation and he will discuss with you about through the chat!I try now to list all features you can expect:•	randomly generated open world (also into the sky) with weather system and day-night cycle•	randomly generated weapons, armours, utilities (such as Gravity gun), dropped by enemies or sold at shops•	feel free to kill everyone, steal from everyone and build anything anywhere!•	different types of enemies and confederate robots (also suicide bombs and UFOs) with randomly generated weapons stats•	2 different factions of robots and a ghost like native life-form called “Xax”•	a short story based in future connected with previous games which will be continued by killing bosses•	possibility to change the speed of gameplay to match it challenging but not frustrating•	earning conversion points and border new areas for your faction•	a stats system, which is comparable with borderlands, but even better!!!•	great working physics such as bullet drop, - speed, -range, gravity overall•	6 types of weapons composed of 3 to 5 different weapon parts (body, barrel, magazine, silencer, scope)•	swords and daggers composed of 2 different parts•	bullet based and energy (chargeable) weapons•	7 types of utilities which are also composed of 2 different parts:2 different types of gravity guns, grappling hook, teleporter, decoy (spawns a supporting robot), hoover board and a crafting gun (to build each kind of walls, turrets, teleporter, planes, …)•	3 types of armour composed of 2 different parts•	microchips composed of 2 different parts, which improve your skills•	different types of available planes•	12 different skills to spend your points, which determine your play style significantly!•	earning skill point by randomly generated quests, border new areas, taking down special enemies•	respec your skill points•	deadly lightning bolts and meteorites•	stealth system influence by different conditions:noises, brightness, rain, skill points, movement•	Virtual Reality, Oculus Rift, HTC Vive (unfortunately I’m not able to test this :/ )•	multiplayer and coop (but honestly there are less people at the moment)I’m sure there are still more things I forgot about or I even didn’t know now, but therefore give this game a chance and find it out – I’m sure you wont regret it."
,Recommended,414510,21079762,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,hipp0cat,"Fun open world FPS\RPG hybrid. Has random terrain generation that occasionally gives you very cool landscapes, quests composed of randomly chosen tasks, equipment with randomized stats (which you can build yourself from parts to create weapons and armor most suitable for your playstyle). Game can be played in different ways depending on your weapon and skill preferences. You can complete quests, capture enemy bases, clear enemy outposts, just explore and blow stuff up to farm for better items, fight bosses to progress through the story. This game also offers 2 player co-op mode, so you can do all of the above with a friend. A fine game to sink some hours into."
,Recommended,414510,25125261,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,IM0001,"TL:DR If you have a Vive, this game is good fun, if you have a Vive (or Rift) AND a Virtuix Omni, this game is extremely fun. If you do not have VR, this game is still, fun. :)5089 is a unique game made by a single dev who is very active in his community, both on a Forum level, and on a direct 1:1 level if you really show that you care. The game is built using both a bit of story and experience from the Dev himself on past games like 4089, 3089, and 3079. All great games in their own right, but 5089 is its own game and is the best of them yet. (IMO)I don't have as much time into the game as I would like due to life being what it is, but when I do want to jump into an RPG game that has a decent bit of depth, Functional Procedural Generation that puts No Man's Sky to shame (it may only be 1 planet, but dag nabbit that planet is unique, filled with mystery and danger, and overall true adventure at every turn. Not just another rock, checkpoint, or flying cow, but more like Flying Death RayBOT!) and yet it is simple enough that once you get the basic concept down of how to progress yourself in the game, it is easy to play without having to do a lot of thinking and micromanagement planning. Sure some of the gameplay can get a bit samey and stale if you keep doing the same thing over and over, but if you push yourself in this sort of RPG Sandbox to explore way out past the initial spawning point, get a good gang of friendly robots to cover your back, and put your EXP points into the best slots for your play style, you can make the fun keep on coming as you barrel through the enemy base and the bosses that wait for you.Onto the VR part of the game, while phr00t has done a great job with VR support for both the Rift (through SteamVR) and the Vive (with some good roomscale based design choices), my favorite way to play is on the Virtuix Omni. This is one of the few games that works fantastically on the Omni that allows you to run around on the Omni in the direction you are facing, while aiming/shooting independently with your Vive remotes as you go. It is incredibly immersive and a dang good workout as you sprint around the maps and take bases. Without the Omni the Roomscale is the next best way to play without getting motion sick, however like all FPS games in VR, I don't recommend playing with the Vive/Rift sitting down as the motion disconnect can hit you right in the VR Gut so to speak. You have been warned. (Same warning applies to Minecraft, which is another fantastic game on the Omni.)Lastly, some people do seem to have odd performance issues with the game, but I am not one of them.It may not be the most advanced game on Steam, but it is definitely one that provides ample supply of fun."
,Recommended,414510,21475172,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,thraeq,"This is an awesome game.  The open world mechanics reminds me of Elder Scrolls or Fallout.  There is so many things you can do.  I like playing as an assassin theif.  Sneaking around and stealing stuff.  Love the flying vehicles, and that you can use melee or range attacks.  The crafting system is neat.  I am still exploring the game, but I can see myself playing a lot.The best part for me is it runs on Linux just find.  I am running Linux mint and using steam and everything except full screen is flawless.  I don't normally use fullscreen so that is fine.  I did read that you need to make sure you have JRE installed before hand, but I do that anyway cause of other Java based applications."
,Recommended,414510,21963236,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,F0XSKY,"Unique gameplay, tons of items and skills to collect/upgrade, as well as the most active dev I've ever come across makes 5089 a worthy addition to any game collection."
,Recommended,414510,22919224,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Elderr ㅡ addicted to m&b,"This game is sick, in 2D and VR it's just sick. Do NOT be put off by the graphics, because once you learn the controls you get an extremely deep and complex (in a good way) RPG experience. I just got this like 2 days ago at the time of reviewing and I already have over a dozen hours. For the price this game is a steal"
76561197964863427,Recommended,414510,22999822,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kamamura,"This is actually a very cool game, if you can stomach the primitive graphics and sounds, as well as the initial confusion.However, the main principles are simple, it's sort of a sandbox with randomly generated entities, maps and quests, there are friendly zones and enemy zones, and you try to find and assemble better equipment, as well as rack up stats.Stats are similar to other action RPG-ish games - how well you handle guns or blades, how well can you pilot vehicles, lead others or sneak around.The rest is best left to experimentation. Highly recommended!"
76561198036855828,Recommended,414510,21077276,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,mr. engino,"phr00t has done it again! a remastered version of 3089, 5089 is sure to please! just like in 3089, you can make your character into anything you want! want to be a sniper? you can  be  a sniper! want to be a tactical spy with a tacticool pistol? you can be a tactical spy with a tacticool pistol! want to be a traitor to the gold faction? yes, but why you would do that is beyond me XD. tl;dr, BUY THIS GAME AND ENJOY! (if this game were to have an alternative title, it would most likely be 3089: aftermath)"
,Recommended,414510,21132299,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lou,"I enjoyed 3089 quite a bit, 5089 offers an improvement over 3089, with several new features.It is an excellent RPG for quick pick up and shoot things gameplay, ideal for ""I have 30 minutes to play games, what should I play?"" situations.The synthesised voices of the robots are surprisingly emotionally touching as well."
,Recommended,414510,26040210,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Rush68,"It's a old school feeling rpg fps that'll suck you in and leave you wishing you had more hours in the day.Despite seemingly archaic graphics this games charm will win you over quickly. It's an unforgiving trek into a robotic odysee like no other out there. Enlist a army of robots to help you defeat the purple menace, find procedurally generated weapon and armor parts, build your own base with defenses and radar, hack the planet and choose your destiny.phr00t has consistently developed games in the *0** series that have all been an absolute blast to play. This is no exception to that. The game has longevity for multiple endings and playstyles (be a theif, or a mele expert, or a pilot, a warlord, the list goes on) so it's well worth the price tag."
76561198065303206,Recommended,414510,30659152,Posted: 21 March,all,FappyHamSlappy,"I've enjoyed phr00t's games for a while so I may be a little biased, but this game is dang good by indy standards. The mechanics are solid, it's challenging but fair, and I like the graphics though that might be contentious. I know ♥♥♥♥all about how good it is in VR because nobody can afford that♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I would assume this title would be a must-have for VR owners.  If you are a fan of the genre, science fiction, or good indy games then buy this game."
,Recommended,414510,21087786,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Penji,This is how addictions start
76561198032081830,Recommended,414510,21113966,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Doyledeth,"5089 is a voxel based Roleplaying  FPS game like no other. You play as the only Robot who cannot be self-destructed by a push of a button, making you the last hope of robotkind. The game features a ROBUST upgrade system with so many different types of weapon, armor, chips modification and utility upgrades. The loot system is akin to the Diablo series, but not as in depth. The quests you go on net you stat points, ditching a conventional leveling system for quest by quest stat allocation which works very well. When I first played it's predecessor 3089, I was first upset about the fact there was no leveling system, but was happy when I saw it was a stat point allocation system from questing, which I immediately fell in love with. That effectively makes a GRIND for leveling almost Non-existent.The game has an open world where you take down Team purple. You fight bosses, regular ol' robots, spider like robots etc etc, all with human names, like Jack, Lauren etc etc. It's pretty funny, actually. You also convert enemy bases into your own, which makes you feel all powerful and that you actually restored a bit of peace to the world of XAX.I HIGHLY recommend this game. Phr00t is a great indie developer and he deserves the attention. He is very vocal with his fans and welcomes any ideas you may have for the game and he checks in with his fans on Steam to make sure they are still enjoying the game, The game is very addictive, don't pass this one up!"
76561197990188583,Recommended,414510,20958592,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Sinatr,"This it not an ""early access"" money-cow. Feels indie in a good understanding. Quite addictive and may grow into something cool with updates or few ""thousands years"" later ;)"
76561198081764956,Recommended,414510,22589624,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,David,"i played it for 5 minutes, thought it sucked and deleted it. Then 2 months later I picked it up again and played for 5 hours straight. Incredibly fun."
,Recommended,414510,20960128,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,7676Games,Just buy this game would you? this game is very fun well to me it is. I really enjoy playing this simple game with my friends and girlfriend and also who wouldnt want to support and indie game dev that listens to the players? thats the best part added with great music :D
,Recommended,414510,20941463,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Profile Number 76561198050293859,just Amazing 10/10
,Recommended,414510,21894867,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Mystamous,"There is no good tutorial for this game. I would like to make one but idk how many ppl want one.Pros-Replay value-Accomplishment-Fun companions-Endless variety-SPACESHIPZ-STATZ-UNIQUE GAME IDEA-7.8/10 Game feel-Robots-Classes-Hoverboards-Portal/grappling/gravity guns-Co-op-Bases-One clear goalCons-Not next gen 2047998778 graphicz-Music is 4.8/10-Absolutely no tutorial-Building isn't too goodIf you play games for fun, play this.If you play for an immersive experience, don't get this."
76561198045611117,Recommended,414510,28814206,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Analyst,"I'm not a nieche gamer by any measure - I enjoy the quick gameplay of Paladins or Black Ops or the richer immersion of recent Fallout titles, or the deep mechanics old RPGs like Morrowind.  On the surface 5089 is a comparitivley simpler experience, (i.e. once you notice the small diversity of enemy types)... but the mechanics and music make it engaging and absorbing to play, and the cheeky story & robot chatter add to its ability to draw you in to this little world.I don't know how many weeks or days I'll be playing this, but after a couple days so far, I salute developer Phr00t for this worthy addition to Steam!"
76561197970479115,Recommended,414510,21262679,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Jozie Pop,"It's back to the 80's!5089 is the reimagined vison of a previous phr00t software title: 3089.Taking place two millennia after the events in 3089, a simulated war between robots continues to loop seemingly without end.5089 is an open world roleplaying game set in the first robot perspective. With heavy emphasis on character building and item crafting comes things such as questing, exploration, boss battles, base conversion, and structure building (including turrets and even vehicles).The sounds and visuals of the game are aesthetically pleasing and fit the atmosphere rather well. Controls are solid and have a good ""feel"" to them.Finally, support for the game is just phenomenal. phr00t takes pride in what he does and if people are having issues he is usally there trying to resolve them.  Additionally dedicating his time to updating and bugfixing."
,Recommended,414510,21382487,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,KarateKite,"So after unsuccessfully trying to play all of Phr00t's games before this one, I've finally powered through the confusion and gotten into it. It's pretty great! I look forward to going back to the old games with what I know.I think what I was most confused about was what the main game loop was. The tutorials have always pushed the quests pretty heavily but they ignored what seems to be the real core of the game, which is weapon and armour crafting. To me, the main game loop involves you finding or buying weapon and armour parts so that you can assemble some good gear, which enables you to get skill points from more dangerous quests and base conversions, which enables you to explore further out.I'm mentioning this explicitly to shorten the period of initial confusion that new players face. Do some non-combat quests, buy/find/farm equipment parts, continually rebuild your weapons and armour (it's free!) to improve your capabilities, and don't forget to level up your Agility skill to increase the weight you can carry before slowing down, because higher-level equipment is heavier.Oh, one last tip: Buy the grappling gun. You can throw yourself into the air with it by hooking a cliff or wall and releasing it just before you reach the anchor point."
,Recommended,414510,21604984,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Different55,"5089 is a randomly-generated FPS with a refreshing focus on gameplay rather than story, unlike most FPS games these days that try to be interactive movies with gameplay taking a hit. Graphics look a bit like an old Borderlands game, and the game itself is a blast and offers nearly endless customization to suit your play style, from sniper to swordsman to captain of a small army. And it's available for Windows, Mac, and Linux which is pretty great. 10/10 would lead a fleet of fighter jets and UFOs to victory again."
,Recommended,414510,29425741,Posted: 22 January,all,Adreus Bjorn,"Great game for VR enthusiasts.Seems to have some length to it, and has an procerdurally generated open world to give it some replay value. As well as loot crafting, skill points, procedural quests, and most importantly the option for smooth locomotion while playing using the vive wands. Just be sure to set vr to mixed for this option. Dialogue has some humor and there are meteor showers on occasion to keep you on your toes. There are also aircraft you can fly if you level the right skills. Theres stealth melee ranged guns. Definately have to recomend if your tired of wave shooters and tech demos."
76561198020698695,Recommended,414510,21437466,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,HappyConscript,"This game feels akin to some combination of Halo, Fallout, Borderlands, and Doom; which, in my humble opinion, can only be a good thing!Although a little bit confusing at first, it is a relatively easy going game and taking some time to mess around eased me in. Generally, I had a fair bit of fun just tooling around blasting robots, and I am excited to spend more time with the game.I would venture to say one of my favorite parts of the game is the combat, as it requires a bit of skill in the vein of Doom with plenty of strafing and hoping. Furthermore, projectiles of varying speeds help mix things up per different encounters.Overall, this game is quirky, fun, and open ended; I definately reccomend it!"
,Recommended,414510,21668307,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,stranger #Roadtosilver,"VERY ENTERTAINING, NICE"
76561198019525974,Recommended,414510,25660915,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Durandal,"I'm about 10 hours in and I've gone pretty much Skyrim style on the game. Meaning I have done lots but I've avoided the main ""quest"" line... mostly. I really like it. The gameplay is solid so are the controls.  The ambiance is there and the music helps a great deal with that.What it really comes down to is this: The graphics. Look at the screen shots, what you see is what you get.  Either you like it or you don't.If you do and you are looking for a FPS hack n slash/shooter (wtvr you like really) at that price you won't regret it.Did I mention you can pilot a ship and it shoots?  Yeah thats right!"
76561198027729809,Recommended,414510,21113002,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Asriel,"If you've played 3089, then you will enjoy 5089 at much.I can't speak for everyone, but I enjoyed this game. I enjoy running around, shooting things, collecting items to try and get better, so I can go for the next tier of items. The game is pretty endless. It feels a lot more polished gameplay wise than 3089 did.The creator is great with feedback and thus far has been great with fixing the in-game bugs and crashes. Its a good feeling to know that a game dev listens and reacts to what feedback they get."
76561198001185188,Recommended,414510,21036917,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dok,"I really appreciate playing 5098, it was a bit hard at the beginning. But as I started to understand the games mechanisms everything goes really fun (taking the time to upgrade weapons and armors, capturing zones).5098 is an immersive experience, despite low poly 3d models the music really fit in the theme, the world is huge with a lot of quests, and so much things to do.In this game you will fail a lot, but it's ok."
76561198011069221,Recommended,414510,24062723,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,dave barker,"it reminds me of daggerfall, and i love daggerfall so get it"
,Recommended,414510,24302058,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lord Cerbera Odollam,"As beautiful, if not more so, than 3089, 10/10.1 of my games of the year."
76561198039399209,Recommended,414510,20960987,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Raserei,Bought it randomly because I'm a fan of ARPG's. Very unique game worth every penny.
76561197968596876,Recommended,414510,21014435,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,nello_ j,"I've only played the game for a bit but I am having a lot of fun with it so far.  The weapon upgrades, skills and open world concept are things that I really enjoy in a game. The developer is very active and listens to the community a lot and is very helpful as well. It's definitely worth the price for this type of game!"
,Recommended,414510,21067719,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,GraysonTC,"Like a game I have always wanted something that has robots, shooting and quests... 5089 is worth the money for the quality."
76561198028937224,Recommended,414510,24736350,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DokdoIsKorean,I was ordered to protect Matt and succeeded. Didn't matter that he exploded 1 sec after time was up; I got a sweet left pants leg from the quest.
,Recommended,414510,29435604,Posted: 22 January,all,brdsnow (aka SKVR fanboy),I have a Rift and touch controllers and it was awesome that the developer worked with me to customize support for this game.  There were some issues that didn't translate from vive to touch controls ie thumbstick speed and hand swap for gun to be on the right.  All are fixed now and I've played a little bit more of the game and I am shocked at the level of complexity of this game.  There is a lot of little things that are going on to make this game very enjoyable and challenging.  I highly recommend this game for everyone expecially if you have VR.
,Recommended,414510,21554611,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Lockdonnen,"It's like the best parts of playing Tribes 1 from the early 2000's but I get it all to myself!Weird review yes, down the road I'll write a better one, just wanted to give the +1 for now."
,Recommended,414510,21575319,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,EVGR Morty,I can't even begin to describe the depth of this game. I played for about 3 hours and was still learning stuff. It's honestly worth it to buy the first one so you get the deal on this one. Just buy it. Very fun.
76561197963967656,Recommended,414510,21408699,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,C4ndy,Absolutely love this game ! It makes me wish I had a VR device. Very personalized and precise help from the developer.This game's been recommended to me from a friend and I will absolutely share the word !
,Recommended,414510,21509116,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,steeletyler42,"5089 is a game that mainly consists of a wonderful gameplay loop, where you explore, get loot, and feel yourself becoming more powerful. The sense of accomplishment when clearing out the map is a great motivator. This experience is interesting in that it appeals to fans of rogue-likes, survival games, shoot-and-loot, exploration,  rpgs, and more that probably aren't coming to me right now. If you're reading this, chances are you fall into one of these catagories. And if you're on the fence, keep in mind that this game costs less than a movie ticket and will provide far more value. The main con to this game would be the fact that the aforementioned pros are bound to get repetitive. How long it takes for them to get repetitive depends on the player. I've played for about 7 hours at the time of writing this and I don't see myself losing interest anytime soon. If you're looking for a game to scratch the survival/exploration itch or simply a game that you want to play while you listen to podasts or youtube videos, look no further."
,Recommended,414510,21651483,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,erradical,"This is an awesome game at a ridiculously low price that is set on a crazy, procedurally generated, war-torn robot planet. The weird graphics and odd movement of the other robots gives a strange, foreign feel to the game, as if you're really exploring an alien world. You can move around the world by walking, stealth sneaking, sprinting and leaping, riding a hoverboard, piloting an aircraft, shooting a telelocator ball or grappling hook, or teleporting. Lots of loot to sort through. Different weapon types - melee and ranged. Different kinds of guns you can build or buy, from a silent sniper rifle to a short range machine gun to a powerful rocket launcher or grenade launcher. Lots of activities to do either on your own or with allies you can recruit - you can complete quests, take down enemy headquarters, take over enemy bases, kill bosses, or just explore the world, steal from your allies and kill enemy robots. The game has two player co-op to share the fun with a friend. Plus it has g-g-g-ghosts!"
,Recommended,414510,21765961,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Water Disguised as Batman,"Don't let the strange graphics fool you, this game is frickin awesome. Its kind of like borderlands, you can either do missions, take a walk n blow stuff up, or just fool around :PPros:No fall damage XDBlow stuff upHas multiplayerGood storyYou can grab yourself a ship and sart shootin everything XDSteal from friendlies :PFail at stealing at friendlies and♥♥♥♥♥♥them off XDRun for your lifeSay, ""screw this!"" and blow them upcons:Turtorial isnt that great :(Overall, this is a great game. It is so much better than the previous games in my opinion. Definitely worth the price and I suggest checking it out :DAlso, the dev is really good. He always repond to reports and questions."
76561198039199906,Recommended,414510,20951002,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Justizministerium,"First I want to praise the developer phr00t for making immediate contact with me, after I published my review. I did not expect that and it proves me the dedication he has for his game. He worked directly on the things I pointed out and most of the issues have been resolved.gameplay:It is your mission to save the world of xax by killing the purple robots, conquer their bases and destroy their towers. You fight enemies with melee weapons, guns or in aircrafts. Melee still feels unresponsive and aircrafts have weird controls, so the for me guns worked out best. Energy launchers are worth special mention, because they have really good accuracy and also an AoE-damage which makes hitting enemies easier. You want to have a secondary weapon against aircrafts though. A really cool idea is the collection of weapon and armor parts, which have different traits and the combination of them makes them usable. If you find one better part for your weapon, you can take one part from it away and replace it with the new one. This works really worksworld:The world is generated randomly, which can still cause frustration sometimes. Big mountains or Gaps are not really a problem anymore, because you now get access to a grappling hook from the beginning. But there were still some issues for me, that no purple bases spawned nearby.For me the most fun part of the game is to take a purple tower with all its enemies down. At the top of the building is a boss waiting and if you kill him, the building will collapse.graphics:I dont want to bash the graphics, you can see them clearly in the pictures and you can like it or not. It reminded me a bit of Descend, it has its charms.music:The music is like in Unreal Tournament and suits the game well. I especially like the music in the title sceen, it makes it really epic.Unfortunately it gets repetetive fast and switches abrupt if entering battle or starting a quest.conclusion:I like the game and im excited about all updates in the future!"
,Recommended,414510,22209718,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kodi022²,"-Accepts quest to defend someone for a minute then go talk to someone-I walk to the Q on my minimap and as i get close, it turned out my defending target is in the middle of a underground pool.Thats just wonderful.As i sit in there it turns night and i get spooked by those Xax ghosts or something.Great.As i fend myself and the robot from the Xax, enemies start flooding into the pool. I couldn't defend myself from this group of robot rushers, i fled. As i am running, the robot i was suppose to defend gets gangbanged to death.10/10 quests too hard"
,Recommended,414510,20986073,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Snuggly Wuggums,"I've always loved Phr00ts games, and have had more fun palying them than a lot of AAA titles.I love the procedurally generated EVERYTHING(Even if it can have some pretty wonky outcomes that you have to work around)In general, this entry is a pretty solid improvment over the last iterations, but the guns feel like they are really inaccurate and floaty."
,Recommended,414510,21554811,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Yamzee,"I've been following phr00t and his games for a while now, starting with 3089. I got it quite some time ago, and enjoyed it quite a bit. A simple, fun, challenging game that's also great with friends. 5089 is a sequel, and it really does improve upon 3089. Updated visuals, some new gameplay features, and some more. I added phr00t some time ago, and found that he was a great help whenever I encountered a bug or problem with the game, and he appears to be actively working on fixing problems that even a few users have. The only major issue I've come across is multiplayer not working so great, but the problem is hard to pinpoint, and the game is more than enough fun solo. Though, a major problem for new players would be getting a grip on the game itself. It is by no means an easy to pick up game, but after learning the basics, you're more than ready to take on the world, after leveling up quite a bit. :P I know I had to do the same when I started with 3089.May 5089 continue to get better as the updates come along, and I hope I get more hours in it too. Maybe you should as well!"
76561198043110053,Recommended,414510,20953440,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kastenessen,"Love it!  Even with the crashes, its going to be a long fun adventure into the unknown.Hope developer does fix the crashes, its going to be awesome to play when its patched up a bit.Cool how it is but does crash a bit often.I dont know how to get onto you dude.But It keeps exiting fullscreen often when I use the mouse buttons or a gamepad.  And it doesnt go back in, really annoying cant enjoy it.  Furstrated lol.So when i shoot sometimes it screws up and interating sometimes does it too.  But it seems to be the main action buttons like whatever is mapped to mouse left and right.  It flickers the screen often in windowed mode and in fullscreen more it exits out and cant get back into.  No crash error or anything, just cant get back into program.*  *  Worked it out.  Its not a problem with your game its just that I have to shut that command line window when the startup menu appears otherwise it keeps trying to switch over to it."
,Recommended,414510,24060799,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,☬ Artamis the Wall ☬,"Simplistic splendor at it's finest. Almost like someone got the right idea and beat all that D'n'd thinking out the back door. You got some menu's, some have numbers. Complete a task click up some numbers. Worry not you will have time to max those stats here. Tried scrolling to a side of the map, in the mini map (much faster) and I had to give up. Wearing lvl 6 gear on day two and from what I gathered things go 100+ on all sides of the center starting area. You wanna mug the guy got you to sprint 25 miles to his location so you could stand there with him in the field pretense him needing a body guard ain't♥♥♥♥♥♥goin' on. Do it.  Don't you even give it one second thought, that guy will be back, or at least his name and generic robot form will be. So if all those dieties and dragons and little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thief's got you down pick this game up, it's got an imaginary circle around the starting area representing possibly ever expanding ""Go!"".P.S. - Get da ballllllll."
76561197969541851,Not Recommended,414510,31326058,Posted: 23 April,all,Oontar,"There are a few ways to play this game, I've only played with Guns/Energy as primary attributes. The game may be different based on the chosen playstyle, but this review is for Guns.Guns are terrible in this game. If you want to play an action RPG with guns, don't buy this game.There was a design decision made to give guns horrific accuracy throughout the game. Imagine firing a gun inside a barn and missing the barn completely. With my entire time played, I have yet to find a gun that dioes consistent damage without homing/high explosive  ammunition, and I play FPS games frequently. The best accuracy I've found on a rifle is less accurate than the worst accuracy weapon on any other FPS I've played.  Imagine firing the TF2 Heavy's chain gun one bullet at a time - 95+% of guns are worse. There's no point to aiming with any precision - Even an aimed shot is a  pot shot in the general direction of the enemy with a prayer to RNGesus for a hit.This could be controlled with high fire rate / clip size, but Guns are designed to be terrible. Clip size is tiny (2-5 shots on anything over 40% accuracy, up to 15 with ~20% accuracy) and reload times are long (5 seconds). There is no way to improve reload time, clip size, or accuracy through attributes.tl;dr Game has fun parts, but guns are comically terrible.UPDATE:The dev posted 7 tips to find better guns. I've played 25 hours of the game and followed all 7 of those tips. Every gun I've found is still terrible. The balance choices still make no sense.Read through my review comments - phroot is emotionally attached to the design choices for guns. Every complaint I've raised is twisted to being my fault somehow. At least I'm not alone - every review critical of guns in the game gets the same fingers-in-the-ears, 'i can't hear you' response.The FPS gameplay in 5089 is the worst I've experienced in two decades of gaming. Some wheels don't need to be re-invented. 5089 tries and the result is terrible guns."
,Recommended,414510,21627126,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,gnarbarian,This is great but it really really needs controller support.
,Recommended,414510,29745947,Posted: 6 February,all,Josie,Amazing game and I can not stop playing it
76561198113308832,Recommended,414510,21396797,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,TyRant,"Fantastic game that proves that gameplay over graphics will always win. Lots of quest types and a steady increase to keep progression flowing nicely. Choice of playstyle is entirely up to you, from stealth and sniping to rolling with a crew of robots to wreck everything.  Solid game."
76561198117224387,Recommended,414510,21753333,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,A Garbage Bag,"This game is awesome, Simply put. First of all, I love the graphics. I know it's not everyone's favorite kind of graphical design, but I absolutely love this design.  2nd, the gameplay is phenomenal, the combat is intense, with lots of jumping around, shooting, and if you bite off a bit more than you can shoot, running away. 3rd, the soundtrack. The soundtrack is F*****G AMAZING!! The music is just awesome! It's kinda loud when you first start up the game after buying it, but that can easily be fixed by turning down the music in the settings. 4th, it's indie. It's made by a single person, who I can tell puts a lot of time into the game, and doesn't ignore their community *coughUbisoftcough*. The community is smaller than a lot of games, which allows the developer to get in touch with the players more, and help fix issues with a single persons game. I have seen this more than once in the forums, one example:https://steamcommunity.com/app/414510/discussions/1/412448792352904495/another one:http://steamcommunity.com/app/414510/discussions/1/412448792352285507/and yet another one:http://steamcommunity.com/app/414510/discussions/1/412447613562554947/There are quite a few game developers who don't do that, and I'm glad to see one who does.Overall, this game is quite honestly, a 15/10 would lose MY FREAKING GRAPPLING HOOK AGAIN BECAUSE I DIED! (sorry for overused joke)"
,Recommended,414510,22904495,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,FireEatingNinja,"This is a review for those of you who are interested in Vive gameplay.I'll start this off by saying 5089 is the most robust and free-form game for the Vive with solid RPG elements. It's a game where you can spend a ton of time and hardly scratch the surface.Even as an experienced gamer, this title was intimidating to jump into. My girlfriend has been playing all my vive games with me and I'm skeptical that someone who hasn't played open rpg games would be able to grasp what to do without guidance. The game references online guides and videos from the title screen for people that need a hand. If you use a bit of game knowledge, you can figure out what the various vendor/quest stations do pretty easily.Pros :-Zero VR sickness-In spite of the basic graphics, rather immersive.-Strong RPG elements-More content than I can currently wrap my head around.-Huge value for your money. Tons of game here for such a low price.-Custom class! (Yippie) As well as premade classes.-Phr00t, the game's creator is informative, open and communacative with the community.-The controls are displayed on the Vive controllers for WHEN you forget.-Multiple Vive configurations. Room-scale, standing, sitting.-Ranged weapons fire nicely and aim properly with the Vive handset.-Environment is mysterious and exciting to explore.Cons :-Intimidating to start out. I suggest just going for it and getting used to the movement, then grabbing a quest inside a building.-The top-down drop-in at the start of the game was somewhat confusing.-I find melee weapons difficult to use unless you have movement down. The most recent patch with the quick-teleporter properly functioning seems to have solved this.In summary, this is a game where I know I'll be spending a large portion of my Vive time. I'm happy I purchased it and I think it's awesome that Phr00t added vive support. It really helps expand the community and the product."
,Recommended,414510,21325616,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Grossmeister B,"5089 is a game that confuses first and amazes from then on. If you have played one of phr00t's games before then expect more of its awesomeness, its now the latest and best!  Others may read on ...Story begins like: You are a robot dropped onto a planet for the purpose to end a war that lasted already for centuries.The game starts with you on the planets surface and some guiding information, from then on, its totally up to you! The game gives you so much freedom and possibilites that its a blast to try new strategies for hours.I had moments of ""Oh, I can do that!?!"" and ""That worked!"" beyond every corner. Sure - I also died a lot, but only to ""reboot"" and try once more. The punishment for getting destroyed is not too big, you may loose some item(s) and some of your time. It motivated me more than it hurted.The things that you can do in this game are plenty and some of the possibilities are not thrown in your face but you'll discover and experiment throughout the game. There is not just one playstyle, you can be a gunner, ninja, thief, leader, pilot or a swordbot - or really - you can be anything in between! It's a RPG in its core.The whole map is randomly generated, meaning that the world you about to free and the adventure you are experiencing is unique and the replayability is very high. I love when games do that(!) and in 5089 it is done extremely well, meaning that it does feel ""real"" and has plenty of variety.One last thing: The atmosphere of the game is striking! The way the robots talk and walk is very well done and it is pretty easy to get lost in the imagination and creativity of the author. Sadly, this can't be captured by screenshots or even videos. The graphics are not that good but once you play it for 10 minutes the whole game is starting to feel ""substantial"".9.5/10 -  Masterpiece for what it is!"
76561198077698421,Recommended,414510,21281074,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Vincent_Vega,"I didn't play this game very long until now, but I must say, that I'm really amazed by it!Its simplicity is impressive! It's so much fun running around with an enormous speed, shooting enemies, clear enemy-bases, finish endless quests, clear towers and perform overpowered stealth-kills with your sword :DThere is also a story which prooved to get very interesting ;)Pros:+(almost endless) open world+great open skill-system -> enormous cutomization (you can play as ""everything"")+nice graphics (I really do like them, minimalistic but perfectly fine)+build your own weapons, combine parts to achieve best weapon-stats+great variety of weapons (sword, dagger, (energy-)pistol, (energy-)rifle, (energy-)launcher, uzi <3)+interaction with friendly robots+++FREEZE TIME *-*+friendly developer, who interacts with players :)+updatesMiddle~the random quests don't have a very big variety (kill this bot, then get the disk, then give the disk to this bot) but they are fun and challengeing:)Cons(-few bugs, that will be solved)-bots repeat the same words over and over againWith this game, you can easily reach the 1$ per 1h goal. It's really worth its money and quite enjoing once you've accepted the graphics ;)I recommend this game as well to 3089-players as to everyone else :)"
,Recommended,414510,21399235,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Tonis,It's like someone took a few of the things that I really like in games and built a nice game out of only those things. Take that as you will...
76561198272339365,Recommended,414510,21973223,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,AppleSauceKingWS,Dis geam is goob
76561198064871624,Recommended,414510,22148829,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Heeknot,"If you ever get the chance, pick up this game! It might not be the most advanced game but it certainly has a very good charm about it. Wether you prefer taking down a giant boss with a sword or throwing yourself over mountains with a grapling hook and hover board this game certainly provides entertainment."
76561197988749956,Recommended,414510,25893368,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ultrazen,"Shockingly fun game.  Don't let the look of the game fool you (I actually like it), this is well worth the money, especially on sale.If this game was picked up by a major developer, and they did nothing but replace the art assets, it would be a huge hit.It's got that...'just one more quest' feeling.  The cycle between doing quests, expanding your territory, and improving your gear, is one of those things that's greater than the sum of it's parts.  It's not particularly deep, it's just fun.  This is a great ""I've got an hour and I just want to goof off"" kind of game.I have no idea how many hours I'll get out of it, but I feel like I've already gotten my 6 bucks of fun out of it.  If I stop playing tomorrow, I'll still feel like it was worth the purchase."
76561197979851880,Recommended,414510,21334376,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Doubtful,"This game I would almost describe as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Borderlands, any recent Bethesda game, and A Valley Without Wind.  I'll explain below, but the shortest description I could give this rather odd duck would be a ""roleplaying shooter with procedurally generated loot and terrain and awesomely terrible graphics.""I should warn pickier players (myself included) that projectiles are not ""hitscan"" bullets with instant travel time, and some weapons have slower projectiles than others.  You will have to tweak the parts of your weapons to ultimately get more or less what you want for a given weapon type.Its mechanic of expanding your power and influence via overcoming boss challenges and enemy base invasions reminds me of AVWW, as well as the sort of retro-and-ugly graphical style and chiptune-like music.  If you didn't know, A Valley Without Wind (first game, not second) is a VERY eccentric Metroidvania style game by Arcen Games.It has some limited (but useful and sometimes necessary) stealth mechanics, including suppressors for some weapon types, which combined with the system for stripping parts from found weapons and armor, reminds me somewhat of Fallout 4.It has quirky (and often sort of difficult to use) stats and modifications on various weapon types, whose stats are procedurally generated, which is where I sort of get a Borderlands vibe.I'm about 9 hours in currently, and have only just now really managed to start making some serious headway in acquiring some new territory and expanding my influence.  Worlds are randomly generated, so YMMV, but I think it took about 6 hours to really feel like I knew what I was trying to accomplish, with some general grinding, exploring, and probing taking place before that.I like it.  It's strange, and different, and bizarre, and at times infuriating.  Try it!___*addendum October, 2016*Not terribly long after this review, I grew quickly bored with the game. It was fun for a while, and I don't regret giving it a try. It's cheap and different, which is already enough to tempt me, usually!It's cheap, it's fun (for a while), but ultimately suffers from the same problem all games that rely heavily on procedural generation do--I'm looking at you, No Man's Sky--which is that the amount of unique content in the game ultimately ends up being a lot less than you may expect.The mechanics for acquiring/building new weapons, and growing in power and influence in general began to feel a bit too ""grindy"" and random for my taste. The missions very, very quickly became stale due to the limited type and just generally simplistic mechanics.The game is a neat little sandbox, and I applaud the dev for creating something unique, however.I will leave this ""recommended"" status, but I for one won't probably be back to continue playing past the ~20 hours or less I've already put in.I hope phr00t continues to make interesting stuff like this, however, and I might even give it a whirl again soon to see what's new!"
76561198030994023,Recommended,414510,35040428,Posted: 18 September,all,ZombieSCOTT,this is a really cool game for the price....
76561198000083864,Recommended,414510,35034459,Posted: 17 September,all,plasmiusnake,"Open world, crafting, RPG stat system, a complete VR game that's longer than 2 hours,Gets a recommended from me."
76561197994437654,Recommended,414510,22792611,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ravern,"Loving this game ,cheap but great fun ,looks realy hard but once you check out a few youtube vids it start to mke sense ,great work dude .https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONO1busfLv8"
,Recommended,414510,27373194,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nanobang,"This is a game for smart, creative people who like to smile and don't mind pharming for a little more loot.It takes creativity to face the predicaments that emerge almost organically from the deceptively simple procedurally presented world.  It takes a sense of wonder to appreciate the world Phroot conjures with his procedural magic:   a colorful, undulating landscape that is delightfully alien and echoes the siren's song heard by Dali, Dr. Suess, and Roger Dean.If being a robot who can run up the slightest incline, leap from the tallest mountains unharmed, and dive the deepest sea without ever coming up for air doesn't bring a smile to your lips, then this game probably isn't for you.And that's ok.  Those of us who can appreciate Phroot's quirky genius appreciate it deeply.  I guess that makes us Phroot Phans, and that's ok too.  (wink wink)"
76561198193323377,Recommended,414510,23084596,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Spiderman2,Great singleplayer experience
,Recommended,414510,21032923,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Saucy,"sold all my cards for this game, it was definitely worth it. Phr00t did a great job improving on alot of things that 3089 did wrong. But there are still some little things like only 1 entrance to the base. Overall a great rpg definitely worth the price."
76561198027814652,Recommended,414510,20959537,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Red McCloud,"How to do expandalones right. With more content overall in exchange for a lessened story, 5089 is extremely fun for being quite the simplistic game.I dub thee, 'AR15 Making Simulator', because having to run around finding parts in order to make your ideal gun and then find a workshop to make it in has never been so fun."
76561197979996475,Not Recommended,414510,29078836,Posted: 6 January,all,CNNofWorms,"I really wanted to like this game, and I seem to be in the minority of those that got absolutely fed up with it quickly. I really would give this a ""neutral"" recommendation if it were an option.It's not the graphics, and it's not the sound. Or the questing, or the item crafting and experience system.It's the gameplay.I get it. It's supposed to be difficult, and it's supposed to be repetitive. But a LOT of the weapons feel janky as hell, utterly inaccurate and with annoyingly short ranges. Some of the surveyors are absolute bullet sponges for being in a Level 1 area, and I am still completely unclear how you're supposed to even leave the starting fortress when you can only obtain Level 1 equipment in the surrounding area; do you grind quests until your stats are beefed, or do you have to sneak past everything?And where are these enemy fortresses that you're supposed to use the conversion/expansion kits for? I've walked for what seems to be MILES and have not seen one.Final complaint: Dying forces you to lose one item. That could also include individual parts from the weapons YOU HAVE EQUIPPED IN YOUR HOTBAR. Really? Of all the mechanics in this game, this is the one that bothers me severely.That being said, I still give this a recommendation for those that are looking for a cheap FPS RPG. It's simple, yet looks like there's a decent amount to do. Just be prepared to really work your♥♥♥♥♥off for it, because it doesn't seem to play nice. I'd expected to at least make some progress within 3.5 hours, but to no avail. Perhaps it's just really not for me, but keep in mind I say this as a System Shock veteran."
,Recommended,414510,28292740,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Tyler the Ultimate Badass,Note to players - Charge up your sword attack to fly around like the goddamn vorpal rabbit from Monty Python
,Recommended,414510,29041968,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,Feels tedious and unpolished. Very slow to start. However the amount of different ways you can approach each sitchuation coupled with the ability to create custom structures on the fly makes for great amounts of replayability.
,Recommended,414510,21224406,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Seduce Me!,"This games takes a little bit of time to get into but it is worth it. I had some trouble starting becasue of many updated mechanics but thankfully Phr00t helped me out a lot and wrote a guide for it. Unlike most other pre-alpha games the developer is really active and is dedicated to the game.Some advice for new players to imporve your experince:-Start out with an energy launcher weapon, the base accuracy is higher so its easier for low level characters to use-Remember to stock up on health packs and energy recharges, they are necessary!-Level up prestige so you can have your own personal bodyguards, super helpful for beginersHave fun!"
,Recommended,414510,21304711,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,✪ ljb,"Great game, more complex than it looks."
76561198066015235,Recommended,414510,25959517,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chaim Shekelstein,An endless battlefield where you as a little robot are free to fill any role you desire to help in the fight for the gold team.
,Recommended,414510,25896749,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,PTSVG ☢ ♔cheezmeister♔,"Quite a fun game... I really wish I had a VR headset, even though this is the only VR game I have.Worth the money, even though I didn't get it on sale."
,Recommended,414510,22771770,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,UncivilizedGuy,This game is a trip. Most impressive seven dollar game I think I've ever played. I love the random meteor showers.
,Recommended,414510,20959569,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,憂鬱 vapor 悪夢,"Wow. Ive been a member scince 3079 (Anyone remember that? NO? ok.)3079 - Kinda cool at the time3089 - WOW, nice improvements!4089 - Eh, never really got my fancey5089 - Wowowowowowoowowowowowowowowowoowo bought 5 copies for friends already"
,Not Recommended,414510,30926801,Posted: 3 April,all,Maddog,Well from the 2.3 hours that I have in this game they were terrible. The graphics are not part of the problem its the grinding and grinding and grinding that takes place. The enemy always seems to have an auto aim that is almost 100% going to hit you. I would rate this a 5/10.
76561198060649015,Recommended,414510,22054085,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,nevartojau,"This game has THAT chip tune, it has THAT graphics and it has THAT gameplay. Its has a SOUL. If you like endless hours of hooking gameplay on single and multiplayer look no further. You can donate 8 buks to red cross or buy this game. I think buying this game is better. It has that feel, I mean THAT feel when you play it. Every time you discover something new, new items, skills, things, situations... It has its own style like minecraft does. But you can not compare those two, because 5089 is monster in his class just like minecraft but it is not one of the copies if you dared to think so. You can build, craft, shoot pew pew lasers and stuff. This bizarre cyber futuristic game is just adorable. I do not regret i bought it. It is not one of those games which you will buy and never play. This game is here and it is to stay. And I want to see it going viral with huge servers. You can have endless fun cooping with yo homie on LAN tho. DEV keeps polishing this diamond mostly daily. It gets better, do not miss the chance to buy it until it is this cheap!"
76561197990987700,Recommended,414510,27560568,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,☭☭☭ Kill all fascists ☭☭☭,"I love the scaled difficulty in this game as it interacts with your game mode choice. You can go for an easy, no stress playthrough and just enjoy exploring the world, or you can ratchet up the difficulty and make every single battle a real challenge. Haven't gotten a chance to play this game in VR yet, but it is a perfect candidate for the new tech. Highly recommended even if you don't have VR :)"
,Recommended,414510,21395115,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,VahNabooty,I am loving this game. There is no way for me to explain it.
,Recommended,414510,29388513,Posted: 20 January,all,Relda,I love games that are completely different than all others but aren't very popular because then I feel like I'm getting my own special and individual  experience
76561198075867446,Recommended,414510,21297509,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,CamIsAZombie,"This game is awsome, I love RPG games and its so shadowed more people should know about this game.The graphics don't bug me a bit the game play is awsome and it has some really cool features.Also love the Dev's name BTW Phr00t :DEdit: I also LOVE the music this game blows me away for a single dev to make a game this good and it including so much stuff in it. I wouldn't be suprised if this game took a long time to make.P.S I really hope you keep working to make new games and improve this one, good luck!"
76561198001197334,Not Recommended,414510,29390199,Posted: 20 January,all,Danger Noodle,"Can't recommend this game. It's a good game off the start, but is ruined by:1. Devoting WAY too much time reloading shops to find a decent weapon, since the RNG makes the vast majority of weapons undesirable.2. You can have your 10+ hour run ruined by saying the wrong thing to an NPC, and the game doesn't even make it clear that you're done. Have fun wandering around aimlessly."
,Recommended,414510,22821611,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Gunner,Fun!
76561197995127507,Not Recommended,414510,35122280,Posted: 22 September,all,dr.malkovich,"Honestly, this game is dull as hell. You just walk around a world without any purpose, fight polygons with unsatisfying weapons, and grind. And all for what? To upgrade your weapons so that you can fight polygons and grind faster. Everything is boring. Everything is awkward. And everything is ugly as sin. The only reason to get this game is because it's VR and it's cheap."
76561198041599115,Recommended,414510,21688459,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Twentyone17,"11:27pm - ""Alright, I'm gonna take a break at midnight.""......2:59am - ""OSHI-"""
76561198049307518,Recommended,414510,31060811,Posted: 10 April,all,Bright_Frog,Snarky comment not found
,Recommended,414510,22839494,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Hallowyeen,what is this thing
,Not Recommended,414510,25280271,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Pirdy,"If you are considering buying this game bacause it is marked as VR, do not. This game may be fun if not done in VR, but the way VR has been implemented is clunky at best. I wouldn't pay any price to play the VR on this game. I would probably pay money to not have to deal with this sad excuse of a VR implementation."
,Recommended,414510,30112173,Posted: 22 February,all,Kekmaster69,Very good game.
76561198084305951,Recommended,414510,31287683,Posted: 21 April,all,Archon_Basileus,"Fun, simple, fast, bonkers... Love it!Gotta play more, obviously. After work, dinner, dating my wife and my daily study routine, late into the night, this is a great choice! Give me a few months and I'll comment more on it.Recommended!"
76561198253204144,Recommended,414510,30400388,Posted: 8 March,all,illumodeus,its of the nice and things
76561198071603095,Recommended,414510,30481501,Posted: 12 March,all,TR-808,station is currently restocking inventory
76561198076409092,Recommended,414510,31349917,Posted: 24 April,all,KextractoR,"10/10, would listen to self concious robots again."
,Recommended,414510,33732494,Posted: 22 July,all,bub lemon,who can say no to some good wholesome 5089?
,Recommended,414510,24350265,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Eye of the Beholder,Insert text here.
76561197970736031,Not Recommended,414510,23799327,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,McKeifus,This is not an RPG.  It is a loot collecting game.  Blow up crates and kill enemies to collect loot.  I could pick any other actual RPG game and just try to collect all the loot and have much more fun.  Extremely repetitive and bland.  FYI: No story.
,Not Recommended,414510,23578072,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ignatius J. Reilly,"It's an open world game with repetitive quests and an uninspired progression system. From the moment you start the game you're tied to a formula for advancement, and despite the big open vistas and unknown world to explore, the experience is very limited due to the nature of the questing system. There are only a handful of quest objectives, and the entire game revolves around that. Beyond that, the general flow is, clear area A, fight boss, clear area B, rinse and repeat, all the while doing the same handful of quests over and over again.Item progression follows suit, with all upgrades being straight stat increases. The only meaningful change you experience in you character is being able to run and jump much higher at later levels, which is definitely cool, but not enough to make up for the other areas, where you find you're shooting the same guns, but doing bigger damage. (You might think of Borderlands here, but in that game, you could modify how your guns operate as you levelled and focus into different types of game play experiences.)The gun combat is also very frustrating, with your shots based more on gun stats than your aim, so you have frustrating moments of firing point blank and missing. (You can increase Gun skills, but that only translates to increased damage when your gun hits.)I also found the music to be grating, but that's all up to personal preference. It draws too much attention to itself due to it's bad synth, and sounds more like a collection of irritating beeps than anything approaching an actual melodic beat. It didn't really fit the world either. Not something I'd usually comment on, but here it actually detracts from the experience.I know this is a small indie produced game, and you have to give credit for trying something so ambitious, but that doesn't excuse the fact the end product is disappointing. It's just not that fun."
,Not Recommended,414510,24215128,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Duke Of Dorks,This game is not my cup of tea. But I'm sure other's might enjoy it's boring monotony.
,Not Recommended,414510,23561339,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Captain Otter,"Bought the game to give it a try on the vive. It's not really that playable. It can be extremely confusing, and the combat is clunky and not fun currently. It's like the AI is at the same difficulty as PC users who don't have to fumble around teleporting all over the place to avoid getting shot.I can see why this can look appealing. And even though I don't reccomend the game myself, you can always purchase it and get a refund if you are not satisfied with your experience (as I have sadly done)."
,Recommended,414510,31594486,Posted: 6 May,all,deejK,buy a hoverboard straightaway fr
76561198132780231,Recommended,414510,31683184,Posted: 11 May,all,LM,Really not my cup of orange juice but it'd be harsh to thumbs down as it's being made by one dev and others seem to enjoy it.
76561198378078928,Recommended,414510,31794208,Posted: 16 May,all,VAMPiggy,good and fun
76561198126073723,Not Recommended,414510,34910793,Posted: 12 September,all,coffee4ever,Cheap game but not designed for vr. Spent 10miniutes just trying to find a weapon but in vr its literally impossible.Loos cool as a pc game tho
,Not Recommended,414510,22130205,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lowtax,"This game is called 5089 because it's the 5089th entry in this guy's series of games.  There are many reasons to buy and play this game:1) You hate yourself2) You like procedurally generated wads of technicolor vomit3) You have a fetish for unreadable fonts4) You REALLY hate yourselfEverything is randomly generated and never looks the same, much in the same way as your bowel movements.  There are tons of numbers and stats for all the autistic people out there who love looking at numbers and counting ceiling tiles.  You can buy pants from a vending machine, but sometimes they only have one leg and then you have to buy the other pants leg and assemble them at an engineering workbench because this is the future and there are no sweatshops to do this in the future.  Everything in the game is dumb and makes no sense and is generally an abomination of shapes and colors that should never exist, and gameplay that is somehow neither a game nor play.  If somebody gifts you this game, unfriend them and report them to Steam for crimes against humanity.PROS: it's really easy to not buy this gameCONS: game proves there is no god"
76561198053909779,Not Recommended,414510,25190232,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KillerTofu,Game is not engaging nor are the controls intuitive. Really would benefit from a tutorial.
76561197997542829,Not Recommended,414510,33886042,Posted: 29 July,all,Elchi,The worst controlles a video game has ever seen. terrible just terrible
76561197978423729,Not Recommended,414510,20943455,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Floyd ^A^,Buy it on sale maybe. It's 3089. I don't see any difference.It looks cheap and doesn't have much playability but fansof this kind of game might like it.
76561198075650842,Not Recommended,414510,33820795,Posted: 26 July,all,alex,this game is dicc♥♥♥♥♥balls
76561197983215336,Not Recommended,414510,33003435,Posted: 29 June,all,Leto,Didnt spend mutch time in that game and dont feel any need to go back and do so.It feels like a N64 game portet to VR ugly and clunky.But ! For a 1 man Project its great so even if i wont play it it does not feel like wasted money.
76561198000615156,Not Recommended,414510,22343317,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sirdoodle,It's like turd but worse
,Recommended,414510,21761998,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,kozmik/noexit,fun gametanks when?
,Recommended,414510,21197225,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Egold918,"i mean bruh, the concept is outstanding. Work on graphics and gameplay"
,Recommended,414510,21198439,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Estriel,"Constant Java CrashesUpdate: After refunding the game because my friend lost interest, The dev decided to contact me and offer his help on how to fix the issues for me, it is an issue with my Java and not the fautl of the game, the few couple of minutes I was able to get out of it were enjoyable though"
,Recommended,414510,28283308,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,AKnightAlone,"This game may be glitchy as ♥♥♥♥ in certain ways, but it's one of the best games I've played in VR. For whatever reason, the movement is relaxed enough not to give me vertigo, and the simple looking setting and very fluid movement makes me feel like I'm in f$%!ing Beast Wars combined with all my childhood dreams of what I hoped the game Tribes would be about. It's just such a relaxingly free world for finding adventure. Absolute recommendation, at least for VR, if any of this gets your attention."
76561198052348002,Recommended,414510,35067944,Posted: 19 September,all,Captinmars,Good game
